<doc id="20827876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827876" title="Don't Miss The Boat">
Don't Miss The Boat

"Don't Miss The Boat" is a board game for two to four players, with no dice or cards or element of elimination. The rules are simple enough to be mastered by a five year old, yet there is no element of chance, and experienced players can use sophisticated tactics and strategies to win. The game was first published by Parker Brothers in 1965, later by Waddingtons. The title is currently owned by Hasbro and is no longer manufactured.
Play.
The board consists of a raised, cross shaped platform divided into squares on which the pieces move surrounded by a circular "canal". Each player has 8 pieces (or "men") and a boat of the same color which is located at one of "docks" at the ends of the cross. The initial position of all the pieces and boats is always the same. The winner is the first player to successfully move five of their eight pieces into their own boat. Players take turns to move one piece to an adjacent square in any direction (including diagonals). Pieces can move further by jumping over one or more of their own or opponents' pieces, making a series of jumps where possible. When a player jumps into their boat, all the boats are moved clockwise around the board, one quarter turn. As a result, players will often find their own boat moves away from the dock they have moved one of their pieces to, giving the game its name.
Comparison with other games.
Although the objective of the game (moving a number of pieces from start to finish) is superficially similar to Ludo, there are no dice and there is no element of luck. The movement of the pieces is determined purely by the rules, as in Chess or Draughts. The pieces are moved similarly to a King in Chess, but the ability to extend moves by jumping over other pieces has similarities to Draughts, although pieces are not eliminated during this process.
Tactics and strategy.
Players can attempt to predict the movement of other players' pieces, and the effect this will have on the position of the boats. Tactics include frustrating the predictions of other players by choosing not to jump into a boat when expected. This can even be done cooperatively with other players in an attempt to prevent another player from winning.

</doc>
<doc id="20827895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827895" title="Otto Siegel">
Otto Siegel

Otto Siegel (7 May 1897 – 21 August 1962) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Cimarron".

</doc>
<doc id="20827896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827896" title="Icon (Benighted album)">
Icon (Benighted album)

Icon is the fifth studio album by the death metal band Benighted from France. The album was released in October 29, 2007. The CD was recorded, mixed and mastered at Kohlekeller Studios, Seeheim-Jugenheim, Germany. The artwork was created by Phlegeton.

</doc>
<doc id="20827898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827898" title="Hruševo">
Hruševo

Hruševo () is a settlement northeast of Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Log, Selo, and Na Govcu. Hruševnik Creek flows through the valley south of the main part of Hruševo, and then separates this and Log from Selo and Na Govcu before joining the Gradaščica River.
Name.
The name "Hruševo" is derived from the Slovene word "hruška" 'pear' and, like similar names (e.g., "Hruševica, Hruševka, Hruševje"), originally referred to the local vegetation. In the 19th century it was known as "Hruschowa" in German.
Cultural Heritage.
The local church, dedicated to Saint George, stands on Oprtice Hill (413 m) to the north of the main settlement. It dates from the late eighteenth century. The previous church stood at a lower location in the center of the village and was greatly damaged during a Turkish attack in 1476. The church contains a painting of John of Nepomuk by Janez Valentin Metzinger from 1749 and a painting of Philip Neri by the Italian painter Michelangelo Ricciolino.
Second World War.
On 12 April 1942 the Partisans murdered nine members of the Hudnik family in revenge for sheltering a deserter, whom they also killed. The family was buried in a mass grave above nearby Babna Gora. On 7 May 1942 a Slovenian National Guard ("Narodna zaščita") unit ambushed a motorized Italian convoy from the Granatieri di Sardegna Mechanized Brigade in Hruševo, resulting in 33 dead and 82 wounded Italian soldiers and officers. This was the deadliest attack against Italian forces in Slovenia until that time. The same month the Italians burned part of the village. On 12 March 1943 the Partisans set the village church on fire and attempted to dynamite the bell tower, but the fuse was destroyed by two local farmers.
Economy.
The economy of the village is traditionally tied to production of potatoes, grain, beef, and milk.

</doc>
<doc id="20827899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827899" title="Jack Kirby (football goalkeeper)">
Jack Kirby (football goalkeeper)

John 'Jack' Kirby (born 30 September 1910 in Overseal, died 15 June 1960 in Derby) was a football goalkeeper. 
Kirby joined Derby County from Newhall United in April 1929 and made his debut in the 1929-30 season. In 1934 he was part of the Derby side that toured Germany. Kirby defied the German authorities by being the only member of the team to refuse to give the Nazi salute before each game. He left in August 1938 he became player-manager of Folkestone Town, a position he held until August 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20827908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827908" title="Komanija">
Komanija

Komanija () is a small settlement south of Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The core of the village lies in a sunny position on a broad terrace above a plain, and it extends up the slope of Gradišča Hill (530 m) to the west and down to Horjulščica Creek (a.k.a. Horjulka Creek, a tributary of the Gradaščica) to the east. In the 19th century it was known as "Komania" in German.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Komanija include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827911" title="Xianbei state">
Xianbei state

The Xianbei state or Xianbei confederation was a nomadic empire which existed in Mongolia, Southern Mongolia, Xinjiang, Gansu, Buryatia, Zabaykalsky Krai, Irkutsk Oblast, Tuva, Altay Republic, Altai Krai and eastern Kazakhstan from 93 to 234 AD. They descended from the Donghu and spoke a Mongolic language.
After the downfall of the Xiongnu, the Xianbei established domination in Mongolia starting from 93 AD. They consisted of Mongolic peoples and reached their height under the rule of Tanshihuai Khan (141–181). Tanshihuai was born in 141. According to the Hou Hanshu his father Touluhou had been serving in the Southern Xiongnu army for three years. Returning from his military duties Touluhou was furious to discover that his wife had become pregnant and given birth to a son. He ordered the child put to death. His wife replied: “When I was walking through the open steppe a huge storm developed with much lightning and thunder. As I looked upward a piece of hail fell into my mouth, which I unknowingly swallowed. I soon found out I had gotten pregnant. After 10 months this son was born. This must be a child of wonder. It is better to wait and see what happens.” Touluhou did not heed her words, so Tanshihuai was brought up secretly in the ger (yurt) of relatives. When Tanshihuai was around 14 or 15 years old he had become brave and sturdy with talent and ability. Once people from another tribe robbed his maternal grandparent’s herds. Tanshihuai pursued them alone, fought the robbers and managed to retrieve all the lost herds. His fame spread rapidly among the Xianbei tribes and many came to respect and trust him. He then put some laws and regulations in force and decided between litigants. Nobody dared to violate those laws and regulations. Because of this, he was elected supreme leader of the Xianbei tribes at the age of 15 and established his ordo (palace) at Mount Darkhan. He defeated the Dingling to the north (around Lake Baikal), Buyeo to the east (north of Korea) and the Wusun to the west (Xinjiang and Ili River). His empire stretched 7000 km and included all the lands of the former Xiongnu.
The Sanguo Zhi records:
Uneasiness at the Han court about this development of a new power on the steppes finally ushered in a campaign on the northern border to annihilate the confederacy once and for all. In 177 AD, 30,000 Han cavalry attacked the confederacy, commanded by Xia Yu (夏育), Tian Yan (田晏) and Zang Min (臧旻), each of whom was the commander of units sent respectively against the Wuhuan, the Qiang, and the Southern Xiongnu before the campaign. Each military officer commanded 10,000 cavalrymen and advanced north on three different routes, aiming at each of the three federations. Cavalry units commanded by chieftains of each of the three federations almost annihilated the invading forces. Eighty percent of the troops were killed and the three officers, who only brought tens of men safely back, were relieved from their posts.
The Hou Hanshu records a memorial submitted in 177 AD:
Another memorial submitted in 185 AD is recorded by the Hou Hanshu:
Tanshihuai died in 181 at the age of 40. The Xianbei state of Tanshihuai fragmented following the fall of Budugen (reigned 187–234), who was the younger brother of Kuitoi (reigned 185–187). Kuitou was the nephew of Tanshihuai's incapable son and successor Helian (reigned 181–185).
In 234 after the fall of the last Xianbei Khan Budugen (along with Kebineng) the Xianbei state began to split into a number of smaller independent domains. The 3rd century AD saw both the fragmentation of the Xianbei Empire in 235 and the branching out of the various Xianbei tribes later to establish significant empires of their own. The most prominent branches are the Murong, Tuoba, Khitan, Shiwei and Rouran.
The economic base of the Xianbei was animal husbandry combined with agricultural practice. They were the first to develop the Khanate system, in which formation of social classes deepened, and developments also occurred in their literacy, arts and culture. They used a zodiac calendar and favored song and music. Tengriism was the main religion among the Xianbei people. After they lost control over Mongolia, their descendants in North China later became fully versed in Chinese cultural traditions.
In 235, the Chinese Cao Wei that succeeded the Eastern Han Dynasty (25–220 AD) in northern China assassinated the last Khan of the Xianbei, Kebineng, and caused disintegration in the Xianbei Kingdom. Thereafter, the Xianbei pushed their way inside the Great Wall and established extensive presence in China from the Sixteen Kingdoms (304–439), Northern Dynasties (386–581), through the Sui (581–618) and Tang Dynasties (618–907).
The Khitans, known as "Qidan" in Chinese, who founded the subsequent Liao Dynasty (916–1125) in China proper were included in the Yuwen Xianbei in southern Mongolia, who had earlier founded the Western Wei (535–556) and Northern Zhou (557–581) of the Northern Dynasties (386–581) in northern China, in opposition to the Southern Dynasties (420–589) founded by the Chinese in southern China. Their Khitan rule over China through the Liao gave rise to the reference of China known as “Hătāi” and “Cathay” in the Persian and European countries.
The Mongols derived their ancestry from the “Mengwu Shiwei” in the northern Manchuria and northeastern Mongolia. “Mengwu” was a variant Chinese transcription of “Menggu” designated to the Mongols, and “Shiwei” was a variant transcription of the Xianbei, as “Xianbei” was also recorded as “Sian-pie,” “Serbi,” “Sirbi” and “Sirvi”.

</doc>
<doc id="20827929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827929" title="Antoni Nieroba">
Antoni Nieroba

Antoni Nieroba (born 17 January 1939 in Chorzów) is a former Polish football player and manager.
He played 17 times for Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20827937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827937" title="Log pri Polhovem Gradcu">
Log pri Polhovem Gradcu

Log pri Polhovem Gradcu () is a small dispersed settlement east of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Log" to "Log pri Polhovem Gradcu" in 1953. The name "Log pri Polhovem Gradcu" literally means 'meadow near Polhov Gradec'. The name "Log" is shared with many other settlements in Slovenia and is derived from the Slovene word "log" 'a partially forested (marshy) meadow near water' or 'woods near a settlement'. In the 19th century it was known as "Losi" in German.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Log pri Polhovem Gradcu include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827939" title="Arrigo Breschi">
Arrigo Breschi

Arrigo Breschi was an Italian set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "It Started in Naples" (1960) which starred Clark Gable, Sophia Loren, and Vittorio De Sica.

</doc>
<doc id="20827948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827948" title="Ketelmeer">
Ketelmeer

The Ketelmeer (English: "Lake Kettle") , is the tongue of the IJsselmeer into which the IJssel actually drains, it is situated between the polders Noordoostpolder and East Flevoland, and connects the river IJssel to the lake IJsselmeer. It is one of the bordering lakes.
The Ketelmeer has a size of 3500 hectare, most of which is in the province Flevoland, but the river delta of the IJssel is in the province Overijssel.
It was carved out from the Zuiderzee by the construction of the polders of Noordoostpolder and Flevoland, between which it lies. It is via Ketelmeer that the IJsselmeer connects to the Zwarte Meer and the Veluwemeer, the strip of water which separates Flevoland from the coast of the mainland.
The Ketelmeer contains the IJsseloog , a kilometre-diameter circular pit in an artificial island, built to contain the toxic sludge dredged from the bed of the Ketelmeer 
The "Ketelbrug" is a bascule bridge over the Ketelmeer connecting the Noordoostpolder and Oostelijk Flevoland.

</doc>
<doc id="20827952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827952" title="Osredek pri Dobrovi">
Osredek pri Dobrovi

Osredek pri Dobrovi () is a village in the hills northwest of Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Osredek" to "Osredek pri Dobrovi" in 1953. The name "Osredek pri Dobrovi" literally means 'Osredek near Dobrova'. The name "Osredek" is shared with several other settlements in Slovenia and is derived from the Slovene word "osredek" 'center', variously referring to an island, a space between two hills, a grove in the middle of a hay field, or a rise in the middle of a flat area. In the 19th century it was known as "Osredeck" in German.

</doc>
<doc id="20827955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827955" title="Roderick Taylor">
Roderick Taylor

Roderick Taylor, also known as Rod Taylor or Roderick Falconer, is an American poet, recording artist, screenwriter, television producer and television director. Taylor is the father of screenwriter and television/film producer Bruce A. Taylor with whom he often collaborates.
Career.
Taylor holds an MA from Stanford University where he was a Stegner Fellowship winner in poetry and where he later taught creative writing. Taylor is also a Woodrow Wilson fellowship winner and winner of the (American Academy of Poets Prize) for his first collection, "Florida East Coast Champion" (1972).
While still at Stanford, Taylor moonlighted as a singer in a rock band and started writing songs. He signed with Geffen Records and began a musical career that produced seven albums, principally under the name Roderick Falconer. Later, he wrote music for film and television, including the TV series "Witchblade".
Taylor then began write story ideas and screenplays for television and film, often with his son Bruce, leading to the scripts for theatrical movies such as "The Star Chamber" and scripts for pilots like "Annihilator" and the Western-themed movies "" and "Wild Horses". In 1985 he developed the science fiction series "Otherworld", for which he served as narrator and also executive produced; the series failed to even run a full season. In 1998, he produced and directed his own scripted project, the 1998 television movie "Inferno".
He wrote the scripts for "American Outlaws" (2001) "The Brave One" (2007). In 2009, Taylor and son Bruce completed work on "Open Graves", a contemporary horror film.
He won a Golden Spur Award from the WWA for "Wild Horses", and two Crystal Reel "Best Director" Awards for the Viacom series "Super Force". In 1995 he was awarded the Genesis Award from the Ark Trust Foundation for his work as executive producer and writer of the MTV "Dead at 21". In 2001 Rod and Bruce received a Prism Award Commendation for their work as writers / executive producers on the VH 1 "At Any Cost", for which he also wrote and produced the songs.
When not writing for television and film Roderick teaches creative writing at Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="20827969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827969" title="Lite FM 105.8">
Lite FM 105.8

Lite FM Jakarta is an Indonesian music radio for some listeners called "Magic Listener"
History.
Launched on April 3, 1983 as Radio Ramako in frequency 738 AM, it was located in Permata Hijau, Jakarta. On November 27, 1985, it reaches FM in frequency 106.15 MHz, and moved its headquarters to Kebayoran Baru, Jakarta. In 1993, it finally moved to BTN tower, Central Jakarta. The audio after move is soft, so listeners can be hear softly. On April 3, 2001, has the format and strengthen positioning as the interactive radio within a new image, “Listen and Talk to Magic”. On June 2, 2008, it moved to Wisma Nusantara and was rebranded as Lite FM Jakarta with new nuance as the first slow music radio, within its new frequency, 105.8 FM.
References.
Lite FM web site

</doc>
<doc id="20827977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827977" title="Cerium(IV) oxide–cerium(III) oxide cycle">
Cerium(IV) oxide–cerium(III) oxide cycle

The cerium(IV) oxide–cerium(III) oxide cycle or CeO2/Ce2O3 cycle is a two-step thermochemical process that employs cerium(IV) oxide and cerium(III) oxide for hydrogen production. The cerium-based cycle allows the separation of H2 and O2 in two steps, making high-temperature gas separation redundant.
Process description.
The thermochemical two-step water splitting process (thermochemical cycle) uses redox systems:
For the first endothermic step, cerium(IV) oxide is thermally dissociated in an inert gas atmosphere at and 100-200 mbar into cerium(III) oxide and oxygen. In the second exothermic step cerium(III) oxide reacts at – in a fixed bed reactor with water and produces hydrogen and cerium(IV) oxide.

</doc>
<doc id="20827979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827979" title="Mangamma Sapatham (1965 film)">
Mangamma Sapatham (1965 film)

Mangamma Sapatham is a 1965 Telugu film. It was produced by D. V. S. Raju and directed by B. Vittalacharya.

</doc>
<doc id="20827982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827982" title="Planina nad Horjulom">
Planina nad Horjulom

Planina nad Horjulom () is a dispersed settlement northwest of Horjul in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Kolobocija, Lom, Pustota, Suhi Dol, and Zameja.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Planina" to "Planina nad Horjulom "in 1953. The name "Planina nad Horjulom" literally means 'Planina above Horjul'. The name "Planina" is shared with several other settlements in Slovenia and means 'alpine pasture'.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Andrew. It was first mentioned in written sources in 1526 and the current structure was built around 1659. The area for the congregation is divided by piers into a wide central nave flanked by narrower areas on the north and south. The part on the north has been converted into a chapel. The chancel is arched with a richly crested stellar vault. The main altar, which dates to 1850, and both side altars are the work of Jurij Tavčar, a sculptor from Idrija. He also used older Baroque sculptures in creating them. The altar dedicated to Our Lady of Sorrows dates to 1717.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Planina nad Horjulom include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827993" title="ORF regional studios">
ORF regional studios

The ORF regional studios are branch offices from ORF in each state of Austria. Since 1975 there is also a regional office in Bolzano for the German-speaking population of South Tyrol, Italy.
The regional studios produce their own state radio, broadcast in the whole state. These regional radios are in the Ö2 group. The regional studio in Carinthia also produces the ORF Radio Dva. For television, each regional studio produces its own news with weather for the state, which are broadcast in their state simultaneously on the TV channel ORF2. Every Sunday at 6:30pm, one regional studio gets chosen to produces an „Österreich Bild“, which shows the highlights of their state to the rest of Austria. Similar topics are also covered in the show „Erlebnis Österreich“, Saturdays at 5:05pm, where the regional studios contribute with articles and interviews. Each regional studio has its own web portal on the internet, providing recent news for their state.
The regional studios also play a part in the national news and shows. For the nation-wide news show „Zeit im Bild“, articles get sent directly to the ORF Center in Vienna, ready to be broadcast. For some shows like „Thema“ or „Der Report“, the moderator from Vienna travels to the different places in Austria, and the regional studio of the state involved only provides a camera team or equipment.
The headquarter of each regional office, is always in the capital of the state, except in Vorarlberg, where the headquarters are in Dornbirn, the largest city of Vorarlberg. Even though the ORF Center is located in Vienna, Vienna also has its own independent studio, which is located in the Funkhaus Wien. Every regional office has a regional director and all regional studios and offices were built by the same architect, Gustav Peichl, so all buildings look similar.
Regional studios.
Burgenland.
The regional studio for Burgenland is located on the Buchgraben 51 in Eisenstadt. The regional director is Karlheinz Papst.
Carinthia.
The regional studio for Carinthia is located on the Sponheimer Straße in Klagenfurt. The regional director is Willy Haslitzer.
Lower Austria.
The regional studio for Lower Austria is located on the Radioplatz 1 in St. Pölten. The regional director is Norbert Gollinger.
Upper Austria.
The regional studio for Upper Austria is located on the Europaplatz 3 in Linz. The regional director is Dr. Helmut Obermayr.
Salzburg.
The regional studio for Upper Austria is located on the Nonntaler Hauptstrasse 49d in Salzburg. The regional director is Prof. Siegbert Stronegger.
Styria.
The regional studio for Styria is located on the Marburgerstrasse 20 in Graz. The regional director is Gerhard Draxler.
During 1978 and 1981 the new regional studio for Styria was built by the architect Architekt Peichl.
Externally, it resembles the other regional studios in Austria. Just the interiors were designed with the latest state-of-the-art technology. The official opening took place on 12. September 1981.
The old studio, the Ferry-Palace in the Zusertalgasse, was sold to the Handelskammer.
In the regional studio for Styria, the daily news show "Steiermark heute" gets produced. It also produces articles for the shows "Erlebnis Österreich" and "Österreichbild", "Klingendes Österreich" as well as the"Alpen-Donau-Adria-Magazin". The studio also delivers information to the ORF Center in Vienna for the "Zeit im Bild", "Willkommen Österreich" and various sporting events.
The regional studio Styria also houses the Radio Steiermark and the editorial office for the web portal steiermark.orf.at. This web portal offers an internet stream of Radio Steiermark and the news "Steiermark heute" and "Zeit im Bild". These are available up to 3 weeks after the initial broadcast.
The "Audience studio", which is suitable for public television and radio productions, also acts as a venue of congress, and so makes the regional studio to an open house. The "Funkhausgalarie" offers various art exhibitions in regular intervals. The ORF Steiermark also hosts readings and concerts.
Tyrol.
The regional studio for Tyrol is located on the Rennweg 14 in Innsbruck. The regional director is Mag. Kurt Rammerstorfer.
The ORF Tirol produces the television news "Tirol Heute" daily and "Südtirol Heute" on weekdays. Though the articles for "Südtirol Heute" get produced in the ORF office in Bolzano, the news is broadcast through Innsbruck.
The regional studio in Tyrol also broadcasts the live folk music show "Mei liabste Weis" with Franz Posch, which gets broadcasts three times a year from different venues in Austria.
Kulturhaus Tirol
The regional office in Tyrol also operates the "Kulturhaus", in which art and cultural exhibitions are shown regularly. In this building, famous and un-known artists have a platform to present their work.
Vorarlberg.
The regional studio for Vorarlberg is located on the Hoechsterstrasse 38 in Dornbirn. The regional director is Dr. Wolfgang Burtscher.
Moderators which used to work at ORF Vorarlberg are: Elmar Oberhauser, Roman Rafreider, Hanno Settele, Lisbeth Bischoff and Peter Moosmann. These moderators now work in nation-wide ORF TV channels or are foreign correspondents.
Vienna.
The regional studio for Vienna is located on the Argentinierstaße 30a in Vienna. The regional director is Dr. Brigitte Wolf.

</doc>
<doc id="20827998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827998" title="Artie Harrison">
Artie Harrison

Arthur Charles "Artie" Harrison was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League. He played in Fitzroys 1913 premiership side after two players were ruled out due to injury and suspension respectively. He was killed at Bullecort in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20828009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828009" title="Podreber, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Podreber, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Podreber () is a small settlement east of the town of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies on the road from Ljubljana to Polhov Gradec below Kucelj Hill (705 m).
Name.
The name "Podreber" is derived from a prepositional phrase in which the noun has lost its case ending: "pod" 'below' + "reber" 'slope'. The name therefore means 'below the slope' and refers to the settlement's position on the south slope of Kucelj Hill.
Church.
St. Elizabeth's Church in the village was first mentioned in 1526 but is considerably older. The main altar dates from the beginning of the 18th century, and the two side altars are gilded altars dating from 1625.

</doc>
<doc id="20828015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828015" title="Jhansi High School">
Jhansi High School

Jhansi High School is in Mallapur, Andhra Pradesh, India. The school was established in 1980 and has classes from nursery to 10th Class through the English medium and 1st to 10th Class in Telugu.
The school took part in the training programmes on water harvesting, in 2002. The school is used as a polling station for parliamentary elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20828018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828018" title="HMS Herald (1806)">
HMS Herald (1806)

HMS "Herald" was an 18-gun ship-sloop of the "Cormorant" class in the Royal Navy, launched in 1806 at Littlehampton. In 1810 she was reclassed as a 20-gun sixth rate ship (but without being re-armed), and again re-rated as 24 guns in 1817, just before she was broken up.
Adriatic.
"Herald" was commissioned in March 1806 under Captain G. M. Hony. On 18 May 1807 he sailed her to the Mediterranean, where he proceeded to cruise off Corfu in the early stages of the Adriatic campaign. "Herald" attacked French shipping off the island and later in the year cruised off the Dardanelles before returning to the Adriatic off Otranto, attacking a number of coastal merchant vessels with success. 
On 25 October 1807, "Herald" was off Otranto when she found an armed "trabaccolo" anchored under the fortress. Despite resistance, "Herald's" boats cut out the vessel, which turned out to be the French privateer "César", armed with four 6-pounders. "César" was sailing from Ancona to Corfu with a cargo of rice and flour. All but four of the crew escaped. "Herald" suffered four men wounded.
In January 1808 Commander George Jackson took command. "Herald" operated off the Italian coasts, capturing or destroying numerous French and Italian merchant ships during the year. 
In August 1810 "Herald" was re-rated as a 20-gun post ship, though Jackson did not receive his promotion until one year later, in August 1811. In the meantime, on 9 May 1811, boats from "Herald" and cut out four coasting vessels from the town of Monastarrachi.
War of 1812.
On 4 July 1812, Jackson sailed "Herald" for Jamaica. There she captured the American ship "Venus" on 17 December.
In May 1813 Captain Clement Milward took command of "Herald" off Halifax, Nova Scotia. Operating off the American coast during the War of 1812, "Herald" captured one English, one French and four American vessels during 1813, all of which she sent to Nassau, New Providence.
On 14 January 1814, "Herald" captured the American ship "Adolphus", and shared the prize money, by agreement, with and . At the end of 1814, "Herald" was at the Battle of New Orleans. First, she was among the vessels sharing in the proceeds of the capture of five American gunboats at the Battle of Lake Borgne. The British took the five gunboats into service under the names "Ambush", "Firebrand", "Destruction", "Harlequin", and "Eagle". Then, with , "Aetna", "Meteor", "Thistle" and "Pygmy", "Herald" went up the Mississippi River to create a diversion.
In accordance with Cochrane's orders, "Herald" was moored off Prospect Bluff, and embarked troops of the 5th Battalion of the West India Regiment on 5 April 1815, arriving in Jamaica on 10 May. "Herald" accompanied a convoy, arriving in Portsmouth on 25 September. 
Fate.
On 9 September 1817, "Herald" was broken up at Chatham Naval Dockyard.

</doc>
<doc id="20828021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828021" title="Jean Paul Cara">
Jean Paul Cara

Jean Paul Cara (or Jean-Paul Cara) is a music composer, known for the song with lyrics by Joe Gracy, "L'oiseau et l'enfant", the winning song at the 1977 Eurovision Song Contest, performed by Portuguese/French singer Marie Myriam who represented France.

</doc>
<doc id="20828023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828023" title="Podsmreka, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Podsmreka, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Podsmreka (; in older sources also "Podsmreko", ) is a village south of Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Geography.
Podsmreka lies on a terrace on the road from Dobrova to Brezovica pri Ljubljani. To the west it extends up the ridge known as Fat Hill (), including Kamenščica (or Kamnišca) Hill (461 m) and Kopavnik (or Strmec) Hill (377 m). To the east it extends to the hamlet of Žeje.
Name.
The name "Podsmreka" is derived from a prepositional phrase in which the noun has lost its case ending: "pod" 'below' + "smreka" 'spruce'. The name therefore means 'below the spruce (forest)' and, like similar names (e.g., "Podsmrečje, Smrečno"), originally referred to the local vegetation. The name can also be found spelled "Podsmereka" in some sources. Locally the village is also known as "Šmartno" 'St. Martin' because of the local church. In the 19th century it was known as "Podsmerek" in German.
History.
On 18 November 1942 Italian forces killed a number of hostages from the neighboring settlement of Draževnik below Kamenščica Hill.
The economy of the village was traditionally tied to vegetable production, raising livestock, and dairy farming for the market in Ljubljana.
Church.
Saint Martin's Church in the village is a chapel of ease. It was first mentioned in written sources in 1414. It was remodeled in Baroque style after a fire in 1749. It formerly belonged to the Parish of Saint Peter in Ljubljana, but was reassigned to the Parish of Dobrova in 1785. The altars are of unknown age and were reworked by the sculptor Leopold Gecelj in 1872. At the end of the 19th century the church possessed two chalices, one dating from 1573 and another of presumably equal age. The bell tower of the church was octagonal until 1856, when it was torn down and rebuilt larger for a new bell. The walled area around the church probably contained a cemetery at one time because the parish church in Ljubljana was too far away and the nearest cemetery, in Dobrova, was in another parish. The main altar was created by the stonemason Alojz Vodnik from Podutik in 1902.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Podsmreka include:

</doc>
<doc id="20828025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828025" title="Spiegelau Forest Railway">
Spiegelau Forest Railway

The Spiegelau Forest Railway (German: "Spiegelauer Waldbahn") was a Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge forest railway built for the transportation of logs from the woods around Spiegelau in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany.
Construction.
After the opening of the Zwiesel–Grafenau railway in 1890, new possibilities arose for the transportation of logs by rail from the woods around the "Großer Rachel", one of the highest hills in the Bavarian Forest. At the suggestion of the senior forestry commission officer, Leythäuser, who was elected in 1890 to the government of the province of Lower Bavaria, forestry staff began to lay a Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge railway from the state railway station at Spiegelau in 1900 under their own steam.
The official authority to build a permanent forest railway was given on 26 August 1908. At that time, a 7 kilometre long section already existed. In November 1909 the official test run took place on the line, now 17.5 km long, in the presence of officials from the Regensburg railway division. Also in 1909 the first two steam locomotives were delivered.
In 1911 the main route reached Mauth, 32 kilometres away. Now a side branch was built towards the "Rachel" site office. The First World War and the post-war period interrupted further expansion. During the 1920s the network was extended towards Klingenbrunn station and, by 1926, there were 41 kilometres of line and 5 kilometres of sidings.
After the hurricane devastation of 1927, work intensified and a line was built to the forest railway terminus at Finsterau. In the early 1930s the Spiegelau Forest Railway reached its greatest extent with 95 kilometres of permanent way. As new railway sections were now built, old ones were lifted. The last extension of the railway network was as late as 1951 with the construction of a 7 km long stretch to the "Scheerhütte" by 156 emergency workers. In 1953 the highest point in the network was finally reached at just under 1,000 metres, opening up a 700 hectare area of the forest.
Operation.
The Spiegelau Forest Railway transported logs to the loading areas at Spiegelau or at Klingenbrunn, where they were loaded onto standard gauge track and dispatched in the direction of Zwiesel. The lines were very steep and winding. Tracks were laid on robust railway embankments. Tracks were frequently lifted at a particular site, loaded onto a train and relaid elsewhere. At the Betriebswerk in Spiegelau the forestry commission built a locomotive turntable in the early 1920s. At Sagwassersäge there was a wye track and Klingenbrunn had a terminal loop.
As well as logs the railway also carried part-load goods, especially food, to the remote villages of Guglöd, Waldhäuser und the Graupsäge. In 1930 the record load was transported: 118,119 cubic metres of logs, 40,491 stacked cubic metres of laminated wood and 2,127 tonnes of part-load goods.
From the 1920s the locomotive fleet comprised about 7 permanent locomotives, painted green with yellow outline stripes. From 1926 there were also diesel locomotives. The Forest Railway had a total of 12 locomotives, of which 5 were steam, 4 were diesel und 3 petrol-electric locos. At the peak of operations in 1932 it had 355 log wagons ("Trucks") and 47 other wagons. In winter railway traffic ceased due to the amount of snow.
The end.
After the Second World War the Regensburg federal railway division, who were responsible for construction standards, demanded that the railway was overhauled, which would have cost about 500,000 marks. Because the construction of forest roads and transportation of logs by road vehicles was cheaper, on 21 September 1957 the Regensburg Forestry Department ordered the dismantling of the Spiegelau Forest Railway by 1960. In 1955 the Forest Railway still owned eleven locomotives 182 "Trucks" and 23 special wagons. In 1957 the tracks were lifted in favour of forest roads. Farewell rides were laid on for the local population. On 11 May 1960 the last train ran; on 8 September the last track was lifted.
Today.
The locomotive shed at Spiegelau station is still there. Several former railway embankments form the base for walking trails or vehicle tracks. Some have been uncovered again by the Bavarian Forest National Park.
Early on there were attempts by railway fans to reactivate the Spiegelau Forest Railway as a museum railway.
In addition there is a permanent exhibition about the Forest Railway at the information centre in Spiegelau. A Forest Railway locomotive and three wagons are also displayed in the village centre.
Since 10 August 2003 a short Feldbahn section has been built at Riedlhütte by the "Feld- und Waldbahnverein Riedlhütte" (Riedlhütte Field and Forest Railway Society). This has since been regularly operated. It is however a completely new line, which was built alongside the former Forest Railway trackbed in the village centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20828037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828037" title="Charlie Quayle">
Charlie Quayle

Charles James Quayle (born 1907, date of death unknown) was a football centre-forward who played league football for New Brighton and Crystal Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="20828044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828044" title="Birmingham Open">
Birmingham Open

The Birmingham Open is a defunct tennis tournament that was played on ATP Tour for one year in 1991. The event was held in Birmingham, England and was played on indoor carpet courts. 
The tournament was held in November 1991, unlike the other British events which took place in May, June and July. Michael Chang won the singles title, beating Guillaume Raoux in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20828054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828054" title="Hal Gausman">
Hal Gausman

Hal Gausman was an American set decorator. He was nominated for five Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Gausman was nominated for five Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20828057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828057" title="XML Schema Editor">
XML Schema Editor

The W3C's XML Schema Recommendation defines a formal mechanism for describing XML documents. The standard has become popular and is used by the majority of standards bodies when describing their data. 
The standard is versatile, allowing for programming concepts such as inheritance and type creation, but it is complex. The standard itself is highly technical and published in 3 different parts, making it difficult to understand without committing large amounts of time.
XML Schema Editor Tools.
The problems users face when working with the XSD standard can be mitigated with the use of graphical editing tools. Although any text-based editor can be used to edit an XML Schema, a graphical editor offers advantages; allowing the structure of the document to be viewed graphically and edited with validation support, entry helpers and other useful features.
Editors that have been developed so far take several different approaches to the presentation of information:
Text View.
The text view of an XML Schema shows the schema in its native form. XML Schema Editors generally add to the text view with features including inline entry helpers and entry helper windows, code completion, line numbering, source folding, and syntax coloring. For more lengthy and complex schema documents, this is often difficult for even highly trained content model architects to work with, paving the way for software companies to come up with new and inventive way for users to visualize these documents.
Physical View.
A physical view of an XML Schema displays a graphical entity for each element within the XML Schema. This can make an XSD document easier to read, but does little to simplify editing. This is largely due to the structure of the XSD Standard, where container elements are required which are dependent on the base type used and the types contained within. This means that small changes to the logical structure can cause changes to ripple through the document. 
The structure of the XSD standard also means entities are referenced from other locations within the document. Some editors allow these to be expanded and viewed in the location they are referenced from but others don't, which means manual cross referencing may be required.
Logical View.
A logical view shows the structure of the XML Schema without showing all the detail of the syntax used to describe it. This provides a clearer view of the XML Schema, making it easier to understand the structure of the document, and makes it easier to edit. Since the editor shows the logical structure of the XSD document, there is no need to show every element, removing much of the complexity and allowing the editor to automatically manage the syntactical rules.
Example.
The following example will show the source XSD, logical and physical views for a simple schema. 
A Sample XML Document for the schema
As you can see the logical view provides more information, but without the syntactical clutter, making it easier to understand and work with.
XML Schema Editors.
As the XSD standard has gained support, a host of XML Schema editors have been developed.
See this Comparison of XML editors available here.

</doc>
<doc id="20828081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828081" title="James Quayle (footballer)">
James Quayle (footballer)

James A. Quayle (born 1890 in Charlton, London) was an English footballer. He played at left-back.
He started his career as an amateur, with spells at local sides Old Charlton and Woolwich Polytechnic. He joined Woolwich Arsenal in 1907 but left after one season without playing a first-team game. He moved to Northfleet and served there for two seasons before turning professional and rejoining Woolwich Arsenal in October 1910. He made just one appearance for the club, as a deputy for Joe Shaw against The Wednesday on 12 November 1910. In the match he was badly injured and had to be carried off; unable to play again his football career ended.

</doc>
<doc id="20828092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828092" title="Elien Meijer">
Elien Meijer

Elsiena Janneke Meijer (born January 25, 1970 in Den Helder) is a retired rower from the Netherlands. She won a silver medal in the women's eight with coxswain in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States, Meijer and Anneke Venema finished 8th in the women's coxless pair.

</doc>
<doc id="20828094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828094" title="Michael Gustavius Payne">
Michael Gustavius Payne

Michael Gustavius Payne (born 1969) is a Welsh figurative painter. He paints primarily in oils and is influenced by mythological themes within a contemporary context. During his early exhibiting career he was known as Michael Payne, before he began using his full name. Since late 2012 he has dropped his first name and now uses the shorter Gustavius Payne.
Early life and education.
Payne was born in Merthyr Tydfil and raised on the town's Gurnos estate during the mid-1970s until the early 1990s.
During 1991-1993, he attended the Mid Glamorgan Centre of Art & Design Technology, Pontypridd, where he won the Student of The Year Award at the National Eisteddfod of Wales, prompting the BBC arts programme "The Slate" to include an article about the artist on their "Eisteddfod Special" in 1993, shown initially on BBC1 Wales and also, shortly after throughout the UK, on BBC2. During 1993-1996, he studied at Cheltenham School of Art, where he gained a First Class BA Honors degree in fine art painting. During his time at Cheltenham, Payne was granted a place on the ERASMUS programme at the Athens School of Fine Arts. Upon completion of his degree at Cheltenham he won the Cheltenham & Gloucester Building Society's Art Purchase Prize, before returning to Wales to live initially in Cardiff, then later in Dowlais.
Career.
Recent work has drawn reference to Welsh culture, globalisation and expolitation. His 2011 joint exhibition with poet Mike Jenkins used a common political theme, with the traditional coal miners' canary as a symbol of exploitation of the 'little guy', as well as the exploitation of nature. Similar ecological and socialist themes can also be seen in more recent exhibitions together with his painting "Our Very Own Eco-System" held in the University of South Wales collection, and his cover illustration for "Red Poets #19" magazine.
His work is also held in other collections including the Museum of Modern Art Wales' Tabernacle Collection and the Cheltenham & Gloucester building society.
He was elected into The Welsh Group in 2013.
Publications.
"Gustavius Payne: Artwork 2007-2012" (self-published book)
Payne has also co-edited and written forewords for three Merthyr Tydfil anthologies, "All Roads Lead To Merthyr", "Never Mind The White Socks Here's Merthyr Tydfil" and "Merthyr Writing".

</doc>
<doc id="20828098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828098" title="Fernando Carrere">
Fernando Carrere

Fernando Carrere (31 December 1910 – 2 September 1998) was a Mexican art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Children's Hour".

</doc>
<doc id="20828121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828121" title="Wendy Glenn">
Wendy Glenn

Wendy Glenn is an English actress in film and television. Her sister, Sammy Glenn, is also an actress.
Started as a child model and attended Sylvia Young Theatre School in London which led to several national commercials and a guest star role on "London's Burning". She presented "The Disney Club" but left to play the lead in the British series "Sister Said", which she starred in for three years. After "Sister Said", she landed the role of Nikki Sullivan on "Hollyoaks".
She has appeared on the cover of "Maxim" and "FHM", has recently been a special guest star on "Nip/Tuck", ', "Without a Trace", ', and portrayed the title role in the film, "Mercy". She currently resides in Los Angeles and is represented by the Paradigm Agency in Beverly Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20828123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828123" title="Dennis Quigley">
Dennis Quigley

Dennis Quigley (7 December 1913 – 1984) was a Scottish professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20828125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828125" title="Carin ter Beek">
Carin ter Beek

Carin Anuschka ter Beek (born 29 December 1970 in Groningen) is a retired rower from the Netherlands. She won a silver medal in the women's eight with coxswain in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20828142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828142" title="Nelleke Penninx">
Nelleke Penninx

Petronella Wilhelmina Cornelia Penninx (born September 14, 1971 in Loosdrecht, North Holland) is a retired rower from the Netherlands. She won a silver medal in the women's eight with coxswain in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Four years earlier, at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States, Penninx finished sixth in the women’s quadruple sculls.

</doc>
<doc id="20828143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828143" title="Polhov Gradec">
Polhov Gradec

Polhov Gradec (; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is the center of the Upper Gradaščica Valley.
Name.
Polhov Gradec was first mentioned in written records under the German name "Pilchgrez" in 1261 ("Pilchgraez" in 1269, and simply "Graetz" in 1291; cf. modern-era German "Billichgrätz"). All of these are derived from the Slovene name for the settlement, with the last element "‑grätz" derived from Slovene "gradec" 'little castle'. The first part of the name is derived from a personal name, "Polh" or "Povh"; the name therefore means 'Polh's (little) castle'. The name "Polh" is, in turn, probably derived from the zoonym "polh" 'dormouse'. An alternative theory, considered less likely, derives "Polh" from the name "Pavel" 'Paul'.
A folk legend offers a more fanciful, but unfounded, explanation of the name of the settlement. According to the legend, which is reproduced in material for tourists, a traveler once spent the night at Polhov Gradec Castle. When he woke up in the morning he found that the dormice had eaten his horse's saddle and bridle, causing him to exclaim, "To ni Gradec, temveč Polhov Gradec!" ('This isn't a castle, it's a dormouse castle!'). 
History.
The area has been inhabited since Roman times and a Roman villa has been excavated near the town, finds from which are kept in the National Museum of Slovenia. A court was established in Polhov Gradec in 1478, which was placed under the jurisdiction of the sovereign in 1474. In 1515 the area was engulfed in a peasant uprising. A part-time school was established in 1820 and a regular school in 1852. The first school building was built in 1859.
Polhov Gradec Manor.
Polhov Gradec Manor () is a large mansion in the settlement. The manor was first mentioned in written sources in 1315. The manor was purchased by Mark Anton Kunstl von Baumgarten in 1658. Kunstl was elevated to the position of Baron of Billichgrätz in 1684, and the manor's Neptune Fountain was created under Kunstl's ownership. At the beginning of the 19th century ownership was assumed by the Ursini Blagaj family. In 1875 Janko and Luiza (Altmann) Urbančič from Preddvor purchased the estate, after which it was owned by their daughter Ana Urbančič Delago. The Delago family was forcibly deported to Austria by the Yugoslav Secret Police (OZNA) on 18 December 1945 and the manor was then nationalized and plundered. The building housed an elementary school from 1952 to 1969, and was then left to decay until the 1990s, when renovation started. In 1999 it was declared a cultural monument of national significance, and in 2008 management of the estate was transferred to the Technical Museum of Slovenia.
Birth of the Virgin Mary Church.
The parish church in the town is dedicated to Birth of Mary. It is mentioned as an independent parish in documents dating to 1292. It originally belonged to the Patriarchate of Aquileia and since 1461 it has been part of the Archdiocese of Ljubljana. The actual church building dates to 1736, after the old church burned in 1728 and had to be completely demolished. It was extensively renovated in 2000.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Polhov Gradec include:

</doc>
<doc id="20828164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828164" title="Marieke Westerhof">
Marieke Westerhof

Marieke Aleida Westerhof (born 14 August 1974 in Denekamp, Overijssel) is a retired rower from the Netherlands. She won a silver medal in the women's eight with coxswain in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Four years earlier, at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States, Westerhof was part of the Dutch women's eight that finished sixth in the Olympic final.

</doc>
<doc id="20828169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828169" title="Ballon d'Or 1982">
Ballon d'Or 1982

The 1982 Ballon d'Or, given to the best football player in Europe as judged by a panel of sports journalists from UEFA member countries, was awarded to Paolo Rossi on 28 December 1982.
Rossi was the third Italian national to win the award after Omar Sívori (1961) and Gianni Rivera (1969). He was the second Juventus player to win the trophy after Omar Sívori (1961).

</doc>
<doc id="20828171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828171" title="Praproče, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Praproče, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Praproče () is a small village west of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes part of the hamlet of Zalog northwest of the main settlement, in the valley of Big Božna Creek.
Name.
The name "Praproče" is derived from the Slovene word "praprot" 'fern' and, like similar names (e.g., "Parpreče, Praprotno Brdo, Paprače" = ), originally referred to the local vegetation. In the 19th century it was known as "Prapretsche" in German.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint George and was first mentioned in documents dating to 1526. The current building was built in 1635 and has an interesting flat wooden painted ceiling.

</doc>
<doc id="20828175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828175" title="Stephen McDonagh">
Stephen McDonagh

Stephen McDonagh (born 15 October 1969) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Limerick senior team.
McDonagh joined the team during the 1992-93 National League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement prior to the start of the 2004 championship. During that time he won two Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal. McDonagh was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions. 
At club level McDonagh was a one-time county club championship medalist with Bruree.
Playing career.
Club.
McDonagh played his club hurling with Bruree and enjoyed some success in a career that spanned almost twenty-five years.
Having played in and lost the county final of 1994, it would take twelve years before McDonagh lined out in his second championship decider. As captain of the team he led his club men against club kingpins Patrickwell. Bruree took an early lead by trailed by two points at the interval. A 49th minute goal eventually helped the team to 1-16 to 1-15 victory. It was a first championship medal for McDonagh.
Inter-county.
McDonagh joined the Limerick senior hurling panel during the 1992-93 National League and made his debut against Galway in the quarter-final of the competition.
The following year McDonagh became a regular member of the starting fifteen as Limerick qualified for the Munster final. Provincial whipping boys Clare were the opponents and a rout took place. A 0-25 to 2-10 score line gave Limerick the win and gave McDonagh his first Munster medal. Limerick subsequently qualified to meet Offaly in the All-Ireland final. It looked as if McDonagh's side were going to make history and claim a first title in twenty-one years as Limerick had a five-point lead with as many minutes left. Offaly suddenly sprang to life following a Johnny Dooley goal from a close-in free. Following the puck-out Offaly worked the ball up the field and Pat O'Connor struck for a second goal. The Offaly forwards scored another five unanswered points in the time remaining to secure a 3-16 to 2-13 victory. It was a bitter blow for Limerick who looked as if they had one hand on the Liam McCarthy Cup.
Two years later in 1996 McDonagh was back in the provincial decider. Limerick faced Tipperary on that occasion and looked to be heading out of the championship as Tipp took a ten-point lead. McDonagh's side battled back to secure a 0-19 to 1-16 draw and a second chance to defeat their near rivals. The replay also saw Tipperary take a decisive lead, however, Limerick's goal-scoring ability was the deciding factor. A 4-7 to 0-16 score line gave Limerick the win and gave McDonagh a second Munster medal. The subsequent All-Ireland final pitted Limerick against Wexford for the first time in over forty years. The game was far from a classic; however, it did provide excitement. Tom Dempsey was the hero of the day as he scored a goal after nineteen minutes to give Wexford a major advantage. His side led by 1-8 to 0-10 at half-time in spite of having Éamonn Scallan sent off. Wexford took a four-point lead in the second-half; however, this was whittled back to two points as Wexford hung on for the last twenty minutes. The final score of 1-13 to 0-14 provided Limerick with a second All-Ireland defeat in three seasons.
Limerick bounced back immediately in 1997 by defeating Galway by 1-12 to 1-9 to take the National Hurling League title. It was McDonagh's sole winners' medal in that competition. The recent All-Ireland defeats, however, seemed to have damaged the team as Limerick crashed out of the provincial championship at an early stage.
This process repeated itself over the next few years and it was 2001 before McDonagh lined out in another Munster final. Tipperary were the opponents on that occasion, however, Limerick fell by 2-16 to 1-17.
McDonagh was now in the twilight of his career and success seemed as far away for Limerick as it did when he joined the panel. After failing to make an impact on the panel under new manager Pad Joe Whelehan in 2004, McDonagh decided to retire from inter-county hurling after a National League game against Galway.

</doc>
<doc id="20828177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828177" title="Ed Harrison (footballer)">
Ed Harrison (footballer)

Ed Harrison was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. Serving as a policeman during his playing days, he was killed in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20828180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828180" title="Martijntje Quik">
Martijntje Quik

Martijntje Quik (born October 24, 1973 in De Bilt) is a former coxswain from the Netherlands. She won a silver medal in the women's eight with coxswain in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20828185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828185" title="Maurice McCanlis">
Maurice McCanlis

Maurice Alfred McCanlis (17 June 1906 – 27 September 1991) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket for Oxford University and represented England at rugby union.
McCanlis bowled right-arm medium pace and was noted for his out swinging deliveries to right-handers. Most of his first-class matches were with Oxford University and he captained them in the 1928 University Matches. He also played two matches for Surrey and one for Gloucestershire during his career. 
He was capped twice for the England national rugby union team in the 1931 Five Nations Championship, appearing in their games against Ireland and Wales. He played mainly as a three-quarter and also represented Gloucester and Oxford. 
In 1938 and 1940 he made a return to cricket with a couple of Ranji Trophy appearances for Rajputana while he was in India on a teaching job. From 1932 to 1966, McCanlis was a teacher at Cheltenham.

</doc>
<doc id="20828191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828191" title="Pristava pri Polhovem Gradcu">
Pristava pri Polhovem Gradcu

Pristava pri Polhovem Gradcu () is a settlement next to Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Pristava" to "Pristava pri Polhovem Gradcu" in 1953. The name "Pristava pri Polhovem Gradcu" literally means 'manor farm near Polhov Gradec'. The name "Pristava" comes from the common noun "pristava" 'manor farm; house with outbuildings and land'. Manor farms were typically found near a manor and were operated by servants of the manor. Settlements with this name and the semantically equivalent "Marof" are frequent in Slovenia. In the 19th century it was known as "Pristawa" in German.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Pristava pri Polhovem Gradcu include:

</doc>
<doc id="20828192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828192" title="Cabinet Office (Sri Lanka)">
Cabinet Office (Sri Lanka)

The Cabinet Office is a department of the Government of Sri Lanka responsible for supporting the Cabinet of Sri Lanka. The department was formed in 1947 when the first cabinet of the Dominion of Ceylon was formed, headed by The Rt Hon D.S. Senanayake, first Prime Minister of Ceylon. Currently it is based at the Republic Building, Colombo were the cabinet meets weekly. The head of the Cabinet Office is the Cabinet Secretary.
The first Cabinet Secretary was T. D. Perera who was Deputy Secretary to the Treasury, and held the post concurrently. Administration handled by the Assistant Secretary Bernard Peiris, who functioned as "de facto" Secretary until appointment as Cabinet Secretary. Thus becoming the third person to hold that office.

</doc>
<doc id="20828196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828196" title="Lou Holmes (footballer)">
Lou Holmes (footballer)

Lou Holmes was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in Gallipoli in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20828200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828200" title="Razori">
Razori

Razori (; in older sources also "Rozore") is a small clustered village on the right bank of Horjulščica Creek (a.k.a. Horjulka Creek) near Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. There are springs in the area and a water reservoir for Dobrova lies above the village. Historically the village’s economy was oriented toward dairy farming and vegetable production, as well as fruit growing (apples and pears) and brandy production.
Name.
Razori was first mentioned in written records in 1736 as "ex Rosor", and later as "ex Rosora" (in 1745) and "ex Raſsorie" (in 1747). In the 19th century it was known as "Rosore" in German. The name "Razori" is a plural form of the common noun "razor" 'dead furrow'. The name probably does not refer to agricultural activity, but is instead metaphorical, referring to split or fissured terrain.
Cultural heritage.
A wayside shrine in the form of a large wooden crucifix stands in the center of the village, near the intersection of the road to Brezovica pri Ljubljani with the road from Dobrova to Ljubljana. The inscription on the plaque at the base of the crucifix reads "Na križu visim in zate trpim. 1898" ('I hang on the cross and I suffer for you. 1898.') The crucifix has been registered as cultural heritage.
History.
At the beginning of July 1942, Italian forces burned several buildings in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20828209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828209" title="Jimmy Norris">
Jimmy Norris

Jimmy Norris (born 25 July 1988, Newport, Wales) is a Welsh rugby union player. A winger, he has represented Wales at Under 19 and Under 20 level and was selected for the Wales national rugby union team (sevens) squad in 2008.
Norris played his club rugby for Bedwas and made his debut for the Newport Gwent Dragons regional team in May 2007 against the Ospreys. In August 2009 he joined Cardiff RFC.
In the summer of 2010 Jimmy Norris had a brief stint with the Calgary Hornets Rugby Club in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. He scored 11 tries, leading the domestic competition. He was a pivotal reason why the Hornets were able to win the National Championship for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20828213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828213" title="Rovt, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Rovt, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Rovt () is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Rovt" is derived from the common noun "rovt" 'glade, clearing', referring to a meadow on cleared land in a hilly area. The Slovene word "rovt" is derived from Old High German "rût" 'clearing'. Like other places with similar names (e.g., "Rovte, Rut"), this name refers to a local geographical feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20828218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828218" title="The Flying Fruit Fly Circus">
The Flying Fruit Fly Circus

The Flying Fruit Fly Circus is a full-time children's circus in Australia, on the Murray River in the twin towns Albury-Wodonga on the Victoria New South Wales border. Many of the children attend their schooling at the Flying Fruit Fly Circus School where they undertake educational studies as well as circus training. The Flying Fruit Fly Circus regularly performs in Australia and internationally, at corporate events and at festivals. The Flying Fruit Fly Circus show, "The Promise", won the Helpmann award for best presentation for children in 2009.
History.
The Flying Fruit Fly Circus was one of the productions of the Murray River Performing Group, initially an ensemble of nine artists, set up mostly by graduates the Victorian College of the Arts Drama School, including Robert "Bomber" Perrier, who was the artistic director from the outset, Lloyd Suttor, Mark Shirrefs and Ian Mortimer (Mort). The group began full-time operations in 1979, the International Year of the Child. Within four months the group had conducted workshops and performed in over forty venues, written two shows, performed street theatre directed by Mort, organised 171 circus training sessions and produced the first Flying Fruit Fly Circus event involving 117 performers aged from seven to seventeen.
Mark Shirrefs and Ian mortimer went to local schools and introduced skills to local kids, some of whom are still active in Circus, Michael Ling has spent 18 years with Circus Oz.
In 1979 "On the Outside", a show about unemployed youth, was designed as a full-scale theatrical performance for high school. Lloyd Sutler, the Murray River Performing Group's resident writer, wrote the script. Performed inside an octagon made of three-inch agricultural piping on a big yellow mat, the show involved a mixture of naturalism, Brecht and satire.
In the same year "Heap", written by Mark Shirrefs was performed by Mark, Boris Conley, Mort for the upper three grades of Primary School. Lloyd Sutter and Mark Shirrefs also worked with local writers Dotty Simmons and Barbara Connyngham. Three of the pieces developed by this work were produced in 1979 and 1980.
Mort continued teaching a small group in the craft of street theatre as sidewalk Circus, these included Michael Ling, Mark Barlow (Strauss) Cathy and Herby, and many others. Once the kids had been introduced to Circus as a valid profession they did not want to stop.
Pixi and Jim Robertson who had been traditional circus performers and founding members of Circus Oz—and teachers for the first Fruit Fly Circus event—stayed on as teaching staff and invited Micky Ashton of Ashtons Circus to join them. Micky stayed until the end of his long life.
The second annual Flying Fruit Fly Circus event, in 1980, was seen by Chris Brookes, a Canadian playwright who visited at the suggestion of the Community Arts Board of the Australia Council. He suggested taking the Circus to the Vancouver Children's Festival in 1981. At that time the administration of the group was carried out by a core of five people with John Paxinos coming in as administrator. There was a performing group, responsible for writing and performing pieces for set venues. The next group was the clown group headed by Mort, for community involvement, instant theatre and schools. Finally, there was the semi-autonomous Flying Fruit Fly Circus. The Flying Fruit Fly Circus was the most durable of the activities and has sustained to the present day.
Following the successful Canada event at the Vancouver Children's Festival in 1981 there were successful seasons in Melbourne, Albury and Benalla. Tanya Lester won a Gold Medallion in Le Cirque de Demain Competition in Paris. In 1982 she was the recipient of the ‘Young Australian of the Year’ title.
In 1982 the Nanjing Acrobatic Troupe of China undertook a training project in Albury Wodonga with Flying Fruit Fly Circus performers, Circus Oz and other physical theatre artists. The outcome was the show "The Great Leap Forward". 
In 1983 the Fruit Fly Circus hosted six acrobats from the Nanjing Acrobatic Troupe of China. This project, known as Nanjing 1, the initiative of Carrillo Gantner, then Cultural Attaché to the Australian Embassy in China, took place over three months. Fruit Fly Circus students learnt alongside professional artists including performers from Circus Oz. The group "Legs On the Wall" was formed as a result of this project. Lu Guong Rong, a Chinese performer at the height of his powers when he came to Australia for the project, stayed in Australia and has been one of the most influential teachers of Australian circus since.
In 1984 on behalf of the company, artistic director Robert "Bomber" Perrier won the BHP Pursuit of Excellence Award in Arts and Literature.
In 1989-90, after 10 years of operation, Flying Fruit Fly Circus performed at the Sydney Festival, the Melbourne International Comedy Festival, Geelong Performing Arts Centre and were invited to join the nationwide tour of the Great Moscow Circus. The Flying Fruit Fly Circus represented Australia at Australia Week in Veneto, Italy and were awarded the Ros Bower Award for Outstanding Contribution to Community Arts.
In 1993 a sell-out season of "Red Alert" for the Sydney Festival (and half-time entertainment for the World Series Cricket) was followed by tours to Brisbane, Gippsland and Melbourne. In 1997 the Flying Fruit Fly Circus performed at the Melbourne Summer Live concert, the Fashion Spectacular and Moomba. In 1999 the Circus Festival transferred from its usual base in Tasmania to Albury Wodonga, where Flying Fruit Fly Circus's "Outburst!" performed. "The Gift" opened in New York, selling out a five-week season over Christmas New Year.
In 2009, 30 years on, Flying Fruit Fly Circus performed "The Promise" at the Sydney Festival and Albury. Federal Minister Peter Garrett announced $3.75m government contribution to redevelop Flying Fruit Fly Circus training space.
In 2010 a major touring exhibition "Step Right Up! The Circus in Australian Art" developed through a partnership between Albury City and the Flying Fruit Fly Circus toured nationally from early 2010 through to January 2011 at venues including Mosman Art Gallery, Horsham Art Gallery, Port Pirie Regional Art Gallery, Bunbury Regional Art Gallery and Lake Macquarie City Art Gallery. The exhibition featured paintings, drawings, photographs, sketchbooks, prints and sculptures by Tom Alberts, David Archer, Monique Auricchio, George Baldessin, Dorrit Black, John Brack, Robert Campbell, Margaret Cilento, Ray Cook, Robert Dickerson, Vincent Drane, Graeme Drendel, Ian Fairweather, Cedric Flower, Donald Friend, Joe Furlonger, James Guppy, Ponch Hawkes, Euan Heng, Petrina Hicks, Lorraine Jenyns, Warren Langley, Nerissa Lea, Michael Leunig, Stewart MacFarlane, Noel McKenna, Kevin Mortensen, John Olsen, Alexander Seton, Andrew Sibley, Jeffrey Smart, David Strachan, Albert Tucker, Ken Whisson, Arthur Wicks, Fred Williams, Anne Zahalka and Salvatore Zofrea.
In its 30+ year history the company has toured internationally to Japan, Canada, Hawaii, Singapore, New Zealand, Italy, China, the UK and the US. In Australia the circus regularly performs at festivals including the Melbourne International Festival, Melbourne Comedy Festival and Sydney Festival. Special appearances include the 2000 Sydney Olympics Opening Ceremony and Cultural Festival and the closing Ceremony of the XVIII Melbourne Commonwealth Games in 2006.
Present Day.
The Flying Fruit Fly Circus provides a Circus Arts program for kids of varying ages and abilities. Kids with aspirations of becoming a “Fruit Fly” may join the Circus Skills Selection Group, a more intensive class designed to prepare performers for possible selection into The Flying Fruit Fly Circus and School. A range of shows includes "Fireproof" where the newest and youngest members ages 8–14 years are seen in their first ever performance where they show off their newly required circus skills of acrobatics, theatrics, manipulation, pyramids & aerial spectaculars.
The Flying Fruit Fly Circus School was established in 1987 as the educational arm of the Flying Fruit Fly Circus. The school is guided by policy frameworks of the Victorian Department of Education with a special focus on circus and performing arts. After being destroyed by fire in 2003, the new purpose built school was opened in 2006 as part of the Wodonga Middle Years College, in conjunction with Huon and Felltimber campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="20828221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828221" title="Mandeville, New Zealand">
Mandeville, New Zealand

Mandeville is a settlement in the Southland region of the South Island of New Zealand. 
Mandeville is 17 km north west of Gore. Dunedin and Invercargill are the nearest cities.

</doc>
<doc id="20828224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828224" title="Kongpo">
Kongpo

Kongpo () is a region in Gongbo'gyamda County, Nyingchi Prefecture. It is situated on the river Yarlung Tsangpo (Brahmaputra) in the area of the Nyang River (Chinese: 尼洋曲), a northern tributary river of the Yarlung Zangbo.
Once Kongpo has been an area in southeastern Tibet, in the vicinity of the river named Nyungchu. Tsagong was one of the holy places of Kongpo and still is. In Tsagong Nesar, i.e. the "New Tsari", there is the monastery of Menmogang, founded by Thangtong Gyalpo. It is related to Dorje Pakmo Chokyi Dronma who died there. At New Tsari were located the mines from which Thangtong Gyalpo, a famous yogin and bridgebuilder, obtained the iron for some of his bridges. Old Tsari is now part of the modern county of Lhuntse in the southeast of today's Tibet Autonomous Region and including parts of neighboring areas of India, and New Tsari, farther east.

</doc>
<doc id="20828226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828226" title="Veniero Colasanti">
Veniero Colasanti

Veniero Colasanti (21 July 1910 – 3 June 1996) was an Italian costume designer, set decorator and art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "El Cid".
During the 1960s and 1970s he also worked for the Salzburg Festivals where he designed the settings for "Il rappresentazione die anima e di corpo", Der Rosenkavalier and Jedermann in cooperation with John Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="20828241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828241" title="Merry Christmas Jakey Boy">
Merry Christmas Jakey Boy

"Merry Christmas Jakey Boy" is a single released exclusively for the Irish market in December 2006 by Jake Stevens. Stevens is an alter ego of the comedian PJ Gallagher who features in the popular RTÉ Two hidden camera/comedy style television series, "Naked Camera". The Jakey Boy in the song's title refers obviously to Stevens himself. The single reached #9 in the Irish Singles Chart and was performed on a number of television shows including "The Cafe" and "Tubridy Tonight".
Chart performance.
"Merry Christmas Jakey Boy" featured in the Irish Singles Chart, where it remained listed for a total of four weeks in the Ireland Singles Top 50. A total of two of these four weeks were spent in the Ireland Top 20. The song entered the charts for the first time in the forty-ninth week of the year 2006 at a position of #11, making its final appearance on the fifty-second and final week of that year. It peaked at #9, and remained at this point for two weeks of its tenure in the Irish Singles Chart.
Television performances.
"Merry Christmas Jakey Boy" was performed by PJ Gallagher (as his alter ego Jake Stevens) on at least two television shows, the youth programme "The Cafe" and the primetime chat show "Tubridy Tonight". "The Cafe" performance came on 14 December 2006, following a guest appearance by Gallagher alongside his "Naked Camera" colleague Maeve Higgins and the corporate magician Jack Wise. UK band The Charlatans also performed their single "Blackened Blue Eyes" on the same show. The "Tubridy Tonight" performance saw Stevens engage with the audience as the credits rolled.

</doc>
<doc id="20828242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828242" title="Mandeville Aerodrome">
Mandeville Aerodrome

Mandeville Aerodrome is an airport at Mandeville, New Zealand. It is the home of the Croydon Aircraft Company which restores vintage aircraft, provides training scenic and aerial experience flights in vintage aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="20828257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828257" title="Ajnale">
Ajnale

Ajnale is a small village in the state of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dhule taluka of Dhule District in Maharastra.
Location.
Ajnale is located on the Maharashtra State Highway 10 (MH SH 10).
Demographics.
As of 2001 census, Ajnale had a population of 871 with 436 males and 435 females. Males constitute 50% of the population and females 50%. Ajnale has an average literacy rate of 0%, lower than the national average of 59.5%. Male Literacy is 0%, and female literacy is 0%. In Ajnale, 7.57% of the population is under 6 years of age. Ajnale has an average birth rate of 0% and an average death rate of 0%.
There are total of 173 households in the village and the village border area is spread in the area of 1,612 hectares.
Economy.
Ajnale has a farming economy, traditional crops include Jawar, Cotton, Millet. Farmers rely on rain water as well as water from rivers for farming needs. 
Ajnale farming economy is included in the states income & expenditure accounts. As for budget year 2007-2008 Ajnale village had accounted for an income of Rs. 157,200.00 whereas the total expenditure was Rs. 140,800.00.
Administration.
Ajnale has as Village Gram Panchayat for day to day administration. The District Zilla Panchayat headquarters is at Dhule and the Block Panchayat is also at Dhule.
Ajnale has no commercial banks, co-operative banks, agricultural credit societies, non-agricultural credit societies or other credit societies present within the village.
Drinking water facilities.
Ajnale has numerous drinking water facilities which are mainly available through a common tap or a common well. There is only one hand pump and one electric pump available within the village as drinking water source.
Education Facilities.
Ajnale has 2 primary schools and 1 higher-secondary school within the village. For all higher education, village students have to go to the bigger cities close by. There is also 1 government funded childcare and mother-care center (Anganwadi) within the village as part of the Integrated Child Development Services program started by the Indian government to combat child hunger and malnutrition in 1975.
Transport.
Rail.
Ajnale has no railway station of its own, the closest railway station is Dhule which is 14 mi (23 km) from the village.
Road.
Ajnale is connected by the State Transport Buses that ply between Dhule, Kusumba & Malegaon.
Air.
Ajnale has no airport of its own, the closest airport is at Dhule.

</doc>
<doc id="20828293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828293" title="Selo nad Polhovim Gradcem">
Selo nad Polhovim Gradcem

Selo nad Polhovim Gradcem () is a dispersed settlement in the hills above Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies between the Petač Gorge () with Big Božna Creek to the south and the Hrastnica Valley to the north. It is on a formerly important freight route between Škofja Loka and Polhov Gradec.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Selo" to "Selo nad Polhovim Gradcem" in 1955. "Selo nad Polhovem Gradcu" literally means 'village above Polhov Gradec'. The name "Selo" is derived from the archaic Slovene common noun "selo" 'village, settlement'.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Gertrude and stands on the western slope of Mount Tošč (1021 m). It was first mentioned in documents dating to 1526, but was extensively rebuilt in the mid-18th century, with the bell tower and chancel added in 1756. The previous bell tower is believed to have stood in front of the chancel. The altar dates from about 1800, and the church's painting of Saint Urban and the Pietà were produced by Leopold Layer's school. The bell in the bell tower dates from 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="20828294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828294" title="PPDK">
PPDK

PPDK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20828299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828299" title="Hunting in Romania">
Hunting in Romania

Romania has a long history of hunting and remains a remarkable hunting destination, drawing many hunters because of its large numbers of brown bears, wolves, wild boars, red deer, and chamois. The concentration of brown bears ("Ursus arctos") in the Carpathian Mountains of central Romania is largest in the world and contains half of all Europe's population, except Russia.
History.
Remnants of hunting implements and wild game bones in Stone Age dwellings and burial sites or animal cave paintings like ones in Cuciulat, Peştera cu Oase or Peştera Muierilor indicate the humans have been hunting in Romania for thousands of years. In the Mesolithic age, antlers and animal skulls were used for jewelry and burial sites, and the bow began common and hunt for all game types begun.
The Dacians, ancient inhabitants of present-day Romania, adopted the wolf "(Canis lupus)" as a symbol and carried wolf heads and skins on poles as totemic battle flags. Ancient Greek and Roman chronicles also mention hunting as an occupation.
The medieval chronicle "Descriptio Moldaviae" recorded that Moldavia, one of the three historic provinces of Romania, was founded by Prince Dragos in 1351 while hunting. He was chasing an aurochs or a wisent (European bison), who gored and trampled his favorite dog, a bitch named Molda, across his lands of Maramureş. After killing the aurochs, impressed with the riches and beauty of the land, he named it after his dog, brought his people and settled the lands. The aurochs' head remains until today the heraldic symbol of Moldovans.
Beginning in the Middle Ages as a passion or test of manhood, bears, wild boars and sometime stags were killed from close quarters with boar spears after being chased and bayed with dogs. Between the 16th and 18th centuries, Moldova and Wallachia paid part of their tribute to the Ottoman Empire in hunting falcons and wild animal furs, such as ermine and marten. Transylvanian rulers, like George I Rákóczi (1591–1648), were ardent hunters, along with most members of the nobility.
Since the 15th century, hunting reserves were established, where game was managed, monitored and sometimes introduced, such was the case of fallow deer in Romania.
While nobility hunted all range of game and used horses, hounds, weapons and falcons for hunting, the common folk and peasants often hunted only the hare, on foot, relying on spears, slings, maces, pitchforks, throwing axes and snares. The few peasants that lived off hare hunting were known as rabiteers ("iepurari"). But poachers ("braconieri") illegally hunted all species. Punishments for hunting in royal forest were severe; poachers could be sentenced to death.
Aurochs became extinct after disappearing from Romania in 16th or 17th century. The last wisent hunt took place in 1762 in Moldavia and 1790 in Transylvania, and wisent are now confined to total protection in three of Romania's national parks or reserves after its reintroduction from Poland. Around the same time moose and beavers started to disappear from northern Romania.
When Transylvania was part of Austria–Hungary, it was a popular hunting destination for the Hungarian nobility; some, like the resident lords like Baron Franz Nopcsa and the Teleki, Széchény and Nádasdy families, who owned large estates maintained only for this purpose. 
Wolvers "(lupari)" engaged in old wolf hunting "(luparia)", seeking the large bounty of money offered per wolf, as these animals caused destruction to livestock. Wolves' fur was also prized as a material for dolmans and winter coats "(sube)". In 1855, in Transylvania alone, 842 wolf heads were turned in for the recompense. 
During the interwar period, shepherds used strychnine to control the wolf population, causing an ecological catastrophe. This technique failed to control the wolf population but did contribute to the extermination of the griffon vultures "(Gyps fulvus)"; the last one was shot in 1929, while flying over the Făgăraş Mountains. The black vulture "(Aegypius monachus)" was next to disappear. 
Until World War I, nobility and gentry indulged in large hunts. In 1901, a party of Count Geza Szecheny killed 28 brown bears in three weeks in Transylvania. Another 22 bears were killed by a parallel hunting party. 
Realising that game can only be preserved through protection and education, in 1931, Romania established the world's second-oldest hunting museum, in the Royal Park, Bucharest under King Carol I supervision; unfortunately, in 1940, the museum was destroyed by a large fire. In 1935, by royal decree, the Retezat National Park is created, it was the country's first of its kind. 
Once Romania declared its independence in 1877 and the Hohenzollern dynasty was established, hunting became a royal sport; royal hunting châteaus and chalets were created on every hunting domain and people employed were appreciated accordingly. Hohenzollern-dynasty kings were taught from childhood to hunt. King Ferdinand I was a fine hunter; film footage from a 1924 bear hunt of his remains. The Foisor hunting chateau was the king's original summer residence in the Carpathians, before the Peleş Castle was used for royal summer vacations. 
In the 19th century, Romania emerged as a major European hunting destination, notably for its Carpathian stag, chamois and bears. Royalty and world's finest or wealthiest hunters came to Romania in pursuit of big game in the Carpathian Mountains. Sir Samuel Baker visited in 1858 to 1859 together with Maharaja Duleep Singh and Frederick Courteney Selous came in 1899. Other visitors included King Edward VII of the United Kingdom, Rudolf, Crown Prince of Austria, King Paul of Greece and even today, kings like Juan Carlos of Spain are amongst the visiting hunters. Colonel August Von Spiess chose to remain in Romania, only to became Director of the Royal Hunts under King Ferdinand I of Romania in 1929. Many of the country's most notable writers and poets, including Mihail Sadoveanu, Ionel Teodoreanu, Eugen Jianu, Ionel Pop, Demostene Botez, Octavian Goga, C. Rosetti-Balanescu, I.Al. Bratescu-Voineşti, Nicolae Cristoveanu, were passionate hunters. Some figures, like Mihai Tican Rumano, Dimitrie Ghica-Comăneşti, or Transylvanian-born Hungarian count Sámuel Teleki have undergone extensive safaris and explorations both in Romania and abroad.
World's foremost trophy record book of Rowland Ward mentions Romanian lands as provider of world records for stag (by local and foreign sportsmen), chamois (by Frederick Selous) and Eurasian Lynx (by the Prince of Liechtenstein). 
Between World War II and the fall of the communism, big game hunting was extremely limited, and permits were granted almost entirely to the Communist Party members, particularly after 1972. The most famous of all was none other than Romanian former dictator Nicolae Ceaușescu. For years, he was dubbed as "country's first hunter", a title he acquired after claiming many trophy animals including world record European brown bear, but the sportsmanship of his methods is subject to debate and generally shunned upon. In total it is estimated that Ceauşescu received a total of 270 gold medals, 114 silver medals and 34 bronze medals according to CIC ("Conseil International de la Chasse et de la Conservation du Gibier - International Hunting and Game Conservation Council") for the trophies he presented in exhibit. Many of other communist presidents like Todor Jivkov (Bulgaria) in Oct. 1976 and 1980s, Leonid Brezhnev (USSR) in Nov. 1976, Erich Honecker (East Germany) in Feb. 1977, Nikita Khrushchev (USSR), Gaddafi (Libya) and in particular Josef Tito (Yugoslavia) hunted in Romania at Ceaușescu's invitation and used many of the designated hunting chalets and chateaux domains like Lăpuşna or Scrovistea for big game hunting. Between 1955–1989 it is unofficially estimated that Ceaușescu's hunting parties shot over 4000 brown bears. Starting in 1966, he also introduced mouflons as game animals at Neguresti, Timiş and Scrovistea but the numbers remain very low. 
After the fall of the communism, hunting returned to normal and was promoted, and foreign hunters also started to come. The country is now an international destination for sportsmen. One of these was King Juan Carlos of Spain, who in 2004, at Covasna, bagged five bears, two wild boars and a wolf, while football star Roberto Baggio went for rabbit drive hunts in Bărăgan. 
Furthermore, Romanian former prime minister Adrian Năstase is the chairman of the national hunting association and a spokesman for the rights of hunting. Other politicians and former prime ministers, like Petre Roman, Teodor Meleşcanu and Gheorge Maurer, or artists like Mircea Dinescu, Ludovic Spiess, and Octavian Andronic were also hunters. Romanian-American gymnastics legend Béla Károlyi is also an aficionado, hunting worldwide.
Romanians and their hunting traditions.
Throughout the 19th and 20th century, the box-lock or open hammers 12 or 16 gauge, side-by-side double shotgun was the most common hunting firearm of all. 
Traditionally the hunters and game wardens wear dark green clothing of thick felt, and fedora or trilby hats. More and more, traditional clothes are giving way to modern camouflage, and they may sadly soon be obsolete. Decorative hunting pins are extremely prized for Romanian hunters in their sporting hats, which depending on the wealth or type of hunter can range from a simple fresh branch of fir tree or pine to animal hair brushes or pheasant chest feather fans; the most expensive are usually silver cased badger and boar bristle tufts or capercaillie feather fans.
In Romania, hunting is regarded as a privilege, not a right, and is surrounded by a nostalgic and romantic aura as people pursue it as a noble passion, complete with certain rituals like "botez vanatoresc" or "tablou vanatoresc". Tradition dictates that in big game hunting, in respect for the game and hunt, a "tablou" (English: image or painting) must be created, where all game is lined up for inspection, cleaned up as much as possible, with small pine branches in their mouths, in a photographic pose and by the hunting master, together with the other hunters and their guns, and photographs are taken as a memory. Less strictly, a "tablou" is also required if more than two people are hunting rabbit, pheasant or upland game in general. Also, according to tradition, the hunting master asks for forgiveness from the dead animal by kneeling and the successful hunter receives a little branch dipped in the animal's blood as badge of recognition; other rules like never stepping or mounting on a trophy are also part of the ethics. A "hunter's baptism" "(botez vanatoresc)" is performed for a novice hunter by his fellows when he kills a type of game for the first time; this consists of a mock caning with a branch, lest the hunter ever forget to respect the game or give a purpose to its killing.
A toast with liquor or wine is given in the honor of the hunt, the game and fellowship of hunters. After the end of ceremonies, lavish meals and partying with folk music is to follow, according to one's wealth and mood.
Ethics dictate that one should never shoot a female of anything, unless that is the predetermined quarry, or to shoot an animal while sleeping or drinking. It is forbidden to shoot waterfowl while still on the water.
Over time, Romania has produced a large amount of literature on hunting, including scientific. A good amount of hunting publications, some over a century old, are dedicated solely to wildlife conservation, fishing and hunting. Most famous remains "Vanatorul si Pescarul Sportiv" magazine, a Romanian equivalent of "Field and Stream".
Today, dedicated hunting museums exist, like the small Hunting Museum of Posada (Rom: "Muzeul Cinegetic Posada"), Prahova, hosting nationally celebrated writer Mihail Sadoveanu's collection. More known is the August Von Spiess Museum of Hunting and Hunting Arms, in Sibiu, last one of 1600 pieces, based on collections of Emil Witting (1741–1787), August Von Spiess (1841–1923) and the Transylvanian Society of Natural Sciences (Romanian: "Societatea Ardeleana de Stiinte Naturale"). Another collection of hunting arms is in exhibit at the Peles Castle but valuable pieces are to be encountered throughout the country in regional or natural history museums. Former chateaus and hunting lodges are still preserved and some are open to public, but most have lost their initial purpose.
Hunting legislation and agencies.
Most hunting seasons in Romania for all big game, small game, waterfowl and upland game runs from mid autumn to late winter. The minimal wild boar and fallow deer rifle caliber in Romania is 6.5x57, while going up to 7x57mm Mauser for red stag and 7x64mm for brown bear. Using shotguns for wild boar is permitted, but forbidden for red stag and brown bear. Currently, all foreign hunters are welcomed to Romania and can hunt all species under out of country tariffs and regulations. Problems like poaching, ethics, and habitat shrinking are subjects of heated debates.
Big game hunting.
Big game species include the apex predators Brown bear (Ursus arctos), Wolf ("Canis lupus") and European lynx (Lynx lynx). Species of Ungulates include the Chamois (Rupicapra rupicapra), Red deer (Cervus elaphus), Roe deer (Capreolus capreolus), Fallow deer (Dama dama), Wild boar (Sus scrofa) and Mouflon (Ovis aries musimon). Transylvanian bloodhounds, fox terriers and airedale terriers are used to hunt wild boar. Hounds are rare and greyhounds are non-existent in the hunting field in Romania; yet the Transylvanian bloodhound is a breed of hunting dog developed by the Hungarian ethnics of Transylvania, Romania, centuries ago but internationally registered as a Hungarian breed.
Bear hunting "(vanatoare de urs)." Romania has the highest number and density of brown bears in Europe and is one of the only few countries to allow its hunting. According to CIC, the world record Eurasian brown bear trophy skin (687.79 CIC points) was shot in Romania in 1985, and for the skull trophy, Romania has 2nd place (69.30 points), while 1st place (70.0 CIC points) was shot in Kamchatka, Russia.
Around 250 permits are issued yearly for two bear hunts: fall season (Sep. 15 - Dec. 31) and spring season (Mar. 15 - May 15). Methods used are spot and stalk, waiting, game drives and under special permit, over bait; anything else, like trapping, shooting from blinds or elevated stand or use of archery are illegal. Recommended are large caliber rifle magnums, with a 7x64 mm minimum necessary. Good populations are in Gurghiu, Vrancea, Făgăraş and south-east Carpathians. In Romanian hunting tradition, bear baculum is regarded as unconventional trophy. 
Chamois hunting "(vanatoare de capre negre)" in Romania ranks as one of the world's finest, in both specimens’ quality and level of challenge. According to the CIC, Romania accounts for the top world record chamois trophy at 141.1 CIC points, shot in Făgăraş in 1937, and unbeaten since, along with other seven of the world's top ten trophies. "Capra neagra" "(black goat)" or "capra de munte" "(mountain goat)", or how Romanians call these animals, are confined solely to the alpine regions of the south and eastern Carpathian Mountains, living summers above and winters under the timberline. Hunting in such rugged terrain, such wary animal, with very keen senses, makes it very demanding, tiresome and suited only for the fittest and experienced sportsman; chamois hunting is comparable to that of Eurasian ibex or North American mountain goat.
The only methods used are stalking and waiting; any use of dogs or drives with beaters are strictly forbidden. The only weapon allowed for hunting chamois is rifle, with a 5.6x50 mm caliber coefficient or better. Most successful shots are long range, made from scoped bolt-action or express rifles. A special permit must be obtained by both hunters, foreign or domestic, in order to pursue this animal, in a hunting season of a month or so, opened each year around mid October.
Stag hunting "(vanatoare de cerbi)" refers to three species "cerb carpatin" or Carpathian stag (Cervus elaphus hippelaphus), "caprior" or roe deer (Capreolus capreolus) and "cerb lopatar" or fallow deer (Dama dama). The most prized remains the red stag (Cerbus elaphus hippelaphus) the largest of the subspecies whom will refer to hitherto. With good numbers, and of fine quality, Romania possessed many times the world record, last of which, between 1981–1985, with a trophy of 261.25 CIC, points, taken in Soveja, Vrancea County, in 1980. Current national record is 264.51 CIC points, taken by Ronald Philipp on 22 Sep. 2003 in Valea Gurghiului, Mureş County. Inside hunting preserves, trophies are known to get even bigger, due to controlled feeding and protection. Hunting is done during an open season between 15 Sep. - 15 Dec., with a doe season extending until Feb. 15; methods use are by stalking or by waiting, with or without call "(boncanitoare)." Harvesting can be legally done only with the rifle, 7 mm caliber minimum, or more. Conventional trophies are the skull with antlers or shoulder mount but unconventionals are skin, the "pearls" (false canines), mane hair and the Hubertus Cross. Places geerally acceptated as providing best trophies are Valea Gurghiului, Valea Frumoasei
Wild boar hunting ("vanatoarea la mistret") "(Sus scrofa)" is the most common big game sport in Romania; wild boar is often used for meat as well as for trophies (conventionally the male tusks only, but also shoulder mounts, female tusks, silver hat pins with boar bristles or hair or even skins and rugs). 
Hunting season for wild boar opens August 1 and closes February 15, but where considered varmints or pests, they can be shot any time of the year, with AGVPS approval. Methods used are waiting and stalking, but most popular are chase with dogs, usually terriers and scent hounds. Drives, where beaters drive the game to shooters waiting in stands who take shots at the running game, are also popular.
Wild boar drives may include other animals as well, including red deer, roe deer, rabbits, foxes, wolves, and even bears, leading to staggering numbers of game. In his infamous drives, ex-tennis champion and billionaire Ion Ţiriac shot, together with his party (including Prince Dimitrie Sturdza, Wolfgang Porsche), each year, on the Balc hunting domain, in Bihor district, 185 boars in 2005, 186 boars in 2006 and a record of 240 wild boars in 2007 in single drive hunts. 
National record for wild boar (tusk trophy) is of 144.0 CIC, points. Most boars taken are weighing between 300-400 lbs., with sometimes old, solitary males up to 600 lbs.
Furbearers and small game hunting.
Wolf populations remain strong with an estimated 4000 heads as of 2005, allows wolf hunting ("vanatoare de lupi"). The season is between September 15 and March 31. Hunters use snow tracking, stalking, calling, and driving with beaters.
Firearms used are shotguns with slug or minimal 5 mm pellet or rifle of 5.6 mm caliber bullet or better. Trophies are considered the skin (rug mount) and skull. Since 1997, Romania has the International Council for Game and Wildlife Conservation (CIC) world record of wolf skin (186.17 points), and a national CIC skull record of 45.30 points.
The red fox, like Badgers ("Meles meles") are pursued with dogs, such as Dachshunds, Fox terriers and Jagdterriers, who are used to chase critters even in their burrows. Fox hunting ("vanatoarea de vulpe") is also featured in Romanian literature and folk tales, where the cunning of the fox is a common theme.
Small game furbearers are plentiful in Romania and usually hunted with the aid of dogs and snow tracking. Species include European Badger ("Meles meles"), European Hare ("Lepus europaeus"), European Pine Marten ("Martes martes"), Beech Marten ("Martes foina"), European Polecat ("Mustela putorius"), Ermine ("Mustela erminea") and weasel ("Mustela nivalis"). A rare animal is the Marmot ("Marmota marmota"). Otter ("Lutra lutra") can be found in the Danube Delta and other marshlands, and is hunted in winter, over iced rivers, at the breathing holes and with dogs, tracking through snow. In the same region, European mink (Mustela lutreola), Muskrat (Ondatra zibethica), and Raccoon dog (Nyctereutes procyonoides) may be seen. 
Rabbit hunting ("vanatoarea de iepuri") is among the most common type of hunting. The open season is from November 1 to January 31. Virtually every hunter takes up this sport, using walking and stalking ("la picior") with pointer dogs or through drive with beaters ("goana"). Forbidden techniques are waiting and night hunting. Firearms used are shotguns with pellets size 3–4 mm and rimfire rifles. It is not uncommon to see hundreds of beaters are used during drive hunts for rabbit, or others.
Bird hunting.
Popular upland game birds include Common Pheasant ("Phasianus colchicus"), Grey Partridge ("Perdix perdix"), Common Quail ("Coturnix coturnix"), Eurasian Collared Dove ("Streptopelia decaocto"), Turtle Dove ("Streptopelia turtur"), Woodcock ("Scolopax rusticola"), and Starlings ("Sturnus" sp.). Other hunted birds include Hazel Grouse ("Tetrastes bonnasia"), Wood Pigeon ("Columba palumbus"), Skylark ("Alauda arvensis"), Thrushes ("Turdus" sp.). Among the most sought-after game birds in Romania is the Capercaillie ("Tetrao urogallus"), a large turkey-like bird, which have a significant presence in the country. It is hunted during mating season, on snow, when the male becomes deaf and blind to all things around him and can be stalked. Beside taxidermy mounts, unconventional capercaillie trophies are the 400-1000 gastroliths, or gizzard stones.
Waterfowl hunting also exists in Romania. Sixteen species of duck are present although only the mallard ("Anas platyrhynchos"), the Common teal ("A. crecca") and the Garganey ("A. querquedula") are commonly encouraged. Two geese species are important as waterfowl game in Romania: The Greater White-fronted Goose ("Anser albifrons") and the Greylag goose ("A. anser"). Other species are hunted, like Eurasian coot and Cormorants. Shooting waterfowls with lead pellets is forbidden due to toxicity if ingested by other species.
The Carrion crow ("Corvus corone") and Magpie ("Pica pica") are hunted without restriction or season regulations as pests. On the other hand birds like Golden eagle ("Aquila chrysaetos") and Bustards ("Otis tardus") have been hunted to the brink of extinction and are now completely protected.
Common bird dogs are the German Shorthaired Pointer, German Wirehaired Pointer and Setters. Waterfowling retrievers such as the Cocker spaniels and Labradors are used for waterfowl.
In cuisine.
Wild game meat has always been popular with Romanians and Romanian cuisine. A large number of inns, pubs, and restaurants in the country serve menus partially or entirely based on wild game dishes, and specialised chefs are catering to both local and international crowds.
Some popular choices are: Wild boar platter ("mistret la tava"), bear stew with wild mushrooms "(tocanita de urs cu ciuperci)", wild boar stew "(tocanita de mistret)", bear paw ("laba de urs"), venison medallion "(medalion de caprioara)", venison sausage " (carnaciori de caprioara)", rabbit with olives "(iepure cu masline)", ember roasted quail "(prepelita la jar)" and pheasant soup "(supa de fazan)". Some of the most famous restaurants serving wild game in Romania are: Cornul Vanatorului (The Hunter's Horn) in Piteşti, Burebista Vanatoresc (Hunter Burebista) and Hanul Vanatorului (Hunter's Inn), both in Bucharest and Cabana Vanatoreasca (The Hunting Cabin) in Sinaia.
Their dishes do not necessarily come cheap but many are willing to pay the price tag for such, while supply and demand is well balanced.

</doc>
<doc id="20828301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828301" title="Mike Houlihan">
Mike Houlihan

Mike Houlihan (born February 1969 in Kilmallock, County Limerick) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Kilmallock and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team between 1987 and 1999. During the course of a decorated career with club and county, Houlihan won two Munster titles, two national Hurling Leagues, two county titles and two Munster club championships. He represented Limerick in the 1994 and 1996 All-Ireland senior hurling deciders at Croke Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20828309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828309" title="Celesbian">
Celesbian

A celesbian (a portmanteau of "celebrity" and "lesbian"), in its original meaning, simply means a female celebrity who is known or alleged to be a lesbian. In modern-day mass media however, the term has come to mean a female celebrity who "claims" to be a lesbian, whether explicitly or implicitly, typically as a publicity stunt, even though she may or may not be homosexual in real life.
A similar term to a celesbian (in the latter sense) is a fauxmosexual (a portmanteau of "faux" and "homosexual"), in which case the celebrity concerned may be male or female.
Celesbianism as a Western media phenomenon came in vogue during 2008, with a number of female celebrities allegedly presenting themselves with a lesbian image. The term celesbian was first created by NYers Pam Franco and DJ Susan Levine for a full page ad in the lesbian nightlife magazine GO MAGAZINE for a contest called HIP & FIT which was the search for the hottest lesbian in the USA in 2008. They used it to describe the celebrity lesbian judges. 

</doc>
<doc id="20828344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828344" title="Halford Fairchild">
Halford Fairchild

Halford H. Fairchild, (Ph.D.) is a Professor of Psychology and Black Studies at Pitzer College in Claremont, California. He was the editor of "Psych Discourse: The Monthly Newsjournal of The Association of Black Psychologists" from 1991 until 2002. He is a former President of the Association of Black Psychologists and Chair of the Intercollegiate Department of Black Studies at the Claremont Colleges. Dr. Fairchild received his Ph.D. in Psychology from the University of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20828351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828351" title="Noel Sharp">
Noel Sharp

Flying Officer Noel Callan Sharp, DFC (9 February 1922 – 20 February 1942) was a New Zealand pilot of No. 488 Squadron RNZAF. Born in Auckland, New Zealand, Sharp worked as a bank clerk. He flew a Brewster Buffalo aircraft, recognizable by his personal nose art, a striking Chinese dragon motif painted on the fuselage under the cockpit windshield.
Sharp is credited with three kills during the Malayan Campaign. He claimed an unknown Japanese fighter on January 12, a Nakajima Ki-43 the next day, a Mitsubishi A6M Zero on January 18 and damaged two bombers on January 20.
He was shot down on 17 January 1942, but survived. Engineers were able to repair his aircraft, replacing the front section of the engine cowling with that of another plane. Sharp was evacuated from Singapore before its capitulation, along with his Buffalo. The aircraft was destroyed at Palembang, South Sumatra during a Japanese bombing raid on 7 February 1942.
Sharp was killed in action over Java on 20 February 1942, while flying a Hawker Hurricane with No. 605 Squadron RAF. He was 20 years old. Buried in the Kranji War Cemetery in Singapore, Sharp was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 20 December 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20828360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828360" title="Suomi24">
Suomi24

Suomi24 (formerly Sirkus.com) is one of Finland's largest online social networking websites
It was started in the year 1998. Suomi24 is owned by the Danish company Aller Media.

</doc>
<doc id="20828361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828361" title="Forest railway">
Forest railway

A forest railway, forest tram, timber line, logging railway or logging railroad is a mode of railway transport which is used for forestry tasks, primarily the transportation of felled logs to sawmills or railway stations.
In most cases this form of transport utilised narrow gauges, and were temporary in nature, and in rough and sometimes difficult to access terrain.
History.
Before the railway was invented, logs were transported in large numbers from the forest down rivers either freely or on wooden rafts. This was not without its problems and wood was often damaged in transit, lost in floods or stranded in shallow water. Suitable rivers were often unavailable in mountainous terrain.
Simple wagonways, using horses and wooden rails, were used from the 18th century. However the invention of the steam locomotive and steel rails soon led to these being employed for forestry. However the difficult terrain within forests meant that narrow gauge railways, which took up less space, were lighter and easier to build and enabled tight curves to be laid, were preferred. These were the so-called forest railways. In particularly large areas of forest or forests of unusually large trees, such as in the northwestern USA, extensive forest railways were even built using standard gauge exclusively for forestry tasks. Special geared locomotives such as the Shay and Climax locomotive were developed for high tractive effort on rough track. Some forest railways became common carriers when cleared forest land was converted to agricultural or recreational use.
In addition to steam traction, diesel and petrol-driven locomotives were also used later on. These largely brought animal-hauled transportation to an end on the forest railways. Also common were routes that just used gravity. Wagons loaded with wood would simply roll downhill in a controlled fashion under the pull of gravity. Foresters also travelled on these, at some risk to their lives on occasions – as brakemen. Empty wagons were hauled uphill again by horses.
From the second half of the 20th century forest railways were threatened by road transportation and by the end of the 1960s they had practically disappeared from western Europe. Roads were often laid in their place on the old trackbeds.
In a few Eastern European countries forest railways survived longer, particularly in Russia where there are still some today. In Hungary too there are several forest railways in active service today, some are also used for tourist traffic. The numerous forest railway operations in Romania were closed, with a few exceptions, by the 1990s. In Western Europe there are very few which are even preserved as museum railways.
In Asia and Oceania (Australia and New Zealand) the history and fate of logging tramways/forest railways is similar to Europe, with most lines either converted to motorised truck transport or closing down in the 1960s. Significant numbers of locomotives and other remnants of the former lines are found in museums and museum railways in Australia.
Logging railroads in North America.
A logging railroad describes railroads, pole roads, tram roads, or similar infrastructure used to transport harvested timber from a logging site to a sawmill. Logging railroads vary in gauge and length, with most forested regions of the world supporting a railroad of this type at some point.
While most railroads of this variety were temporary, it was not uncommon for permanent railroads to take their place as a complement to logging operations or as an independent operation once logging ended.

</doc>
<doc id="20828367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828367" title="Christopher Anderson (theologian)">
Christopher Anderson (theologian)

Christopher Anderson (19 February 1782 – 18 February 1852) was a Scottish theological writer and preacher.
Biography.
He was born at Edinburgh, 19 February 1782, the son of William Anderson, a merchant. He began life in an insurance office, but gave up his secular work and studied for the ministry, with the aim of becoming a missionary: his background was formed by followers of Robert and James Haldane. Weak health prevented his accepting a missionary appointment, and he then became minister of a small congregation in Edinburgh, known as "English Baptists", at the Charlotte Chapel. He held this post until shortly before his death.
Anderson was interested in the Scottish Highlands, and was a founder of the Gaelic School Society. He established the independent Edinburgh Bible Society. He supported the Serampore mission in India, travelled to explain its objects, and collected funds on its behalf. 
Anderson died on 18 February 1852. New York University would have sent him a diploma, but he refused it. At his death he left a collection of early English bibles.
Works.
Anderson published two memorials on the diffusion of the Scriptures in the Celtic languages; and, in 1828, a volume of "Historical Sketches of the Native Irish". His major work was the "Annals of the English Bible". It is now regarded as ethnocentric.
On 4 October 1835, the tercentary of the publication of the first complete English Bible by Myles Coverdale, Anderson published a sermon on "The English Scriptures, their first reception and effects, including Memorials of Tyndale, Frith, Coverdale, and Rogers". He then undertook his extensive "Annals", written from 1837 to 1845, when it was published in two volumes. 
Another of Anderson's publications was "The Domestic Constitution", on Christian family life.

</doc>
<doc id="20828401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828401" title="Setnica, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Setnica, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Setnica () is a settlement that is divided between the municipalities of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec and Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. Setnica is known as "Snica" in the local dialect. In the 19th century it was known as "Setnitza" in German. The settlement includes the hamlets of Ravnek to the south, Mežnar below Saint Ursula's Church, and Kobilca in the Maček Gorge ().
Church.
The local church, built on a hill above the settlement, is dedicated to Saint Ursula. It was first mentioned in documents dating to 1526. The rectangular nave dates to the early sixteenth century. The belfry was added later. The altar dates from 1685 and the church was remodeled in the Baroque style in the 18th century.
Unmarked grave.
Setnica is the site of an unmarked grave from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Serbian Officer's Grave () lies on a mountain path about 230 m northeast of the farm at Setnica no. 10. It contains the remains of a Serbian officer from the Serbian Volunteer Corps that was shot in May 1945 after fleeing from the prison in Šentvid, Ljubljana.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Setnica include:

</doc>
<doc id="20828443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828443" title="Lament for the Weary">
Lament for the Weary

Lament for the Weary is Christian thrash metal band Seventh Angel's second album, released in 1992 on Music for Nations. The album saw the band incorporating doom metal elements to thrash. The album garnered generous reviews from British music press at the time.
Recording history.
The album was recorded during 4-16 July 1991 at ICC Studios with producer Roy Rowland. The album was mixed in August. The cover art was done by British fantasy artist Rodney Matthews.
On the album, the style changed to a more progressive and atmospheric combination of doom metal and thrash. The guitars were tuned down to D, and the compositions include acoustic passages such as on the title track, driven with a samples of raining to create a melancholic atmosphere. The drummer Tank's musicianship is more varied compared to that on "The Torment". The album begins with a mid-tempo instrumental. The tempo increases as "Life in All Its Emptiness" begins. Arkley plays curbed yet intimidating solos and melodies on technical rhythm guitar riffs. "Lament for the Weary" is a concept album about a man who suffered abuse during childhood and in adulthood struggles with depression and suicidal thoughts. On his deathbed he gets his childhood faith back and is not afraid to die anymore.
Reception.
Lynn Williams of UK magazine "Cross Rhythms" wrote in an issue published on 1 June 1992 that "Lament for the Weary" is a clear improvement over "The Torment" and called "Lament" "superior thrash". In a 2005 review of the albums re-issue, The Whipping Post's Matt Morrow states that Lament for the Weary belongs to one of the very best albums of heavy metal music in general and that the album is "a classic in every sense of the word". In the 2005 re-issue edition's liner notes, Nick Bolton writes that "the guitar work led one reviewer to declare that the album contains some of the best guitar solos he had ever heard". After the release the band played concerts in Germany and Holland.

</doc>
<doc id="20828449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828449" title="Setnik">
Setnik

Setnik () is a dispersed settlement east of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Zalog, Butajnova, Veliki Vrh (), and Mali Vrh (). Setnik is known as "Setjək" in the local dialect.
History.
During the Second World War the border between Italy and Germany ran north of the hamlet of Zalog along Big Božna Creek. Many of the farm buildings in Setnik were burned during the war.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Martin. It was first mentioned in documents dating to 1526. A few remnants of 16th-century frescos survive on the exterior wall. The main altar is from the early 19th century and the side altar dates from 1841. The church stand in the eastern part of the settlement, on an elevation south of Praproče.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to Saint Martin's Church, several other structures in Setnik are registered as cultural heritage:

</doc>
<doc id="20828467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828467" title="Michael Solomon">
Michael Solomon

Michael Solomon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20828472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828472" title="Smolnik, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Smolnik, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Smolnik ( or ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Smolnik was first mentioned in written records in 1498 as "Smollnick", "Smulnick", and "Smolnick". The name is derived from the Slovene word "smola" 'resin' and refers to a place where resin was gathered.

</doc>
<doc id="20828498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828498" title="Eira Hospital (Finland)">
Eira Hospital (Finland)

Eira Hospital (, ) is a private hospital in southern part of Helsinki, Finland. It has given its name to the adjacent Eira district of Helsinki.
The architectural landmark is located at Tehtaankatu and Laivurinkatu cross, with address at Tehtaankatu 30 in Helsinki. The building was designed by Lars Sonck and its construction was completed in June 1905. It is named Eira after similar Eira-named hospital in Stockholm. In Icelandic Poetic Edda "Eir" was the art-of-medicine goddess.

</doc>
<doc id="20828502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828502" title="Srednji Vrh, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Srednji Vrh, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Srednji Vrh () is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Srednji Vrh" literally means 'middle peak'. "Srednji Vrh" and names like it (e.g., "Srednje") indicate that the settlement (or, in this case, the hill associated with it) lay in some sort of central or middle position. The name is unrelated to names derived from "sreda" 'Wednesday' (e.g., Središče ob Dravi).

</doc>
<doc id="20828507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828507" title="Helen Small">
Helen Small

Helen Small is a Professor of English Literature at the University of Oxford and a Fellow of Pembroke College, Oxford.
Biography.
Helen W. Small was awarded a B.A. in English from Victoria University of Wellington and a Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge. She was the recipient of a Leverhulme Research Fellowship from 2001 to 2004.
Helen attended Queen Margaret College in 1970-1982 and was Prefect and Dux in her final year.

</doc>
<doc id="20828541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828541" title="The Addams Family Theme">
The Addams Family Theme

The theme for the TV series "The Addams Family" was written and arranged by longtime Hollywood composer Vic Mizzy. The song's arrangement was dominated by a harpsichord, and featured finger-snaps as percussive accompaniment. Actor Ted Cassidy, reprising his "Lurch" voice, punctuated the lyrics with words like "neat," "sweet," and "petite." Mizzy's theme was popular enough to enjoy a single release, though it failed to make the national charts.
"Addams Groove".
The theme song was performed by MC Hammer in his single "Addams Groove", which was featured in the film "The Addams Family" (1991). The song was his last top ten hit in the United States.
The song was the recipient of the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Original Song at the 12th Golden Raspberry Awards in 1991.
Music video.
A music video was produced to promote the single. It featured Hammer and several of his dancers performing in their unique style around the Addams mansion, as well as most of the cast of the film. The video opens with Hammer pleading with Wednesday (Christina Ricci) and Pugsley (Jimmy Workman) to refrain from chopping his head off with a guillotine. It concludes with several scenes taking place in the Addams' backyard cemetery, including Thing crawling up and down a Hammer dancer and Gomez (Raúl Juliá) dueling in a sword-fight with Hammer over Morticia (Anjelica Huston).
The music video was played prior to the beginning of the film in its theatrical release during the first few weeks of release.
Track listing.
Australian CD single
Japan Mini CD single
UK 7" vinyl single
UK 12" vinyl single
In popular culture.
The rap group Das Racist use the hook from "Addams Groove" in their song "People Are Strange".

</doc>
<doc id="20828543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828543" title="Vanda coerulea">
Vanda coerulea

Vanda coerulea, commonly known as Blue Vanda or Autumn Lady's Tresses, is a species of orchid found in Assam and neighbouring Khasi hills with its range extending to China (southern Yunnan). It is known as "Bhatou phul" in Assamese, Kwaklei in Manipuri, October in Mizo and Vandaar in Sanskrit. It has bluish purple flowers (only Thelymitra crinita has true blue flowers) which are very long lasting compared to other orchids. 
The juice of ﬂower is used as eye drops against glaucoma, cataract and blindness.
Active ingredients of "Vanda coerulea" may fight against the visible signs of ageing skin .

</doc>
<doc id="20828548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828548" title="Ables Springs, Texas">
Ables Springs, Texas

Ables Springs is an unincorporated community in Kaufman County, Texas, United States.
Geography.
Ables Springs is located at in northeastern Kaufman County. It is situated along FM 429, approximately ten miles northeast of Terrell. 
The community, as well as all of Kaufman County, is part of the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
Land in the area was granted to Ezekiel Ables by the state of Texas in 1848. Five years later, Ezekiel's son James and his wife Eliza settled there. A freshwater spring that later contributed to the community's name, ran through the area. Mr. and Mrs. Ables deeded an plot to a Methodist Episcopal Church in 1878. A tabernacle, church, and school were later constructed on the land. A separate portion was also set aside for a cemetery.
For many years thereafter, Ables Springs was a center for local religious and school activities. The community remained small as surrounding towns, particularly Terrell, grew.
The spring that once served as the community's primary water source eventually ran dry as a result of overuse and development of a nearby rock quarry. The lack of water caused area officials to seek out other sources to serve Ables Springs. On November 1, 1979, the Ables Springs Water Supply Corporation was commissioned. It continues to serve the area's water needs to this date.
Incorporation attempt.
In early 2007, a group of Ables Springs residents began researching what it would take to incorporate the community. Citing Kaufman County's rapid population growth and the desire to preserve the small, close-knit atmosphere of Ables Springs, organizers gathered the necessary number of signatures needed to place the issue on a ballot.
The election was held on May 12, 2007. Of the 102 valid votes cast, 40 (39.22%) voted in favor of incorporation while 62 (60.78%) voted against the proposition.
Education.
Ables Springs is part of the Terrell Independent School District.

</doc>
<doc id="20828558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828558" title="Thomas Knox, 3rd Earl of Ranfurly">
Thomas Knox, 3rd Earl of Ranfurly

Thomas Knox, 3rd Earl of Ranfurly (13 November 1816 – 20 May 1858), styled Viscount Northland between 1840 and 1858, was an Irish peer and Member of Parliament. He was the son of Thomas Knox, 2nd Earl of Ranfurly and his wife Mary Juliana Stuart, and represented Dungannon as a Member of Parliament between 9 June 1838 and 3 February 1851, when he resigned through the position of Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds. He was educated at St John's College, Cambridge.
Family.
He married Harriet Rimington, daughter of James Rimington, on 10 October 1848, and succeeded to the title of 4th Baron Welles of Dungannon, co. Tyrone on 21 March 1858, as well as the title of 3rd Earl of Ranfurly, the title of 3rd Baron Ranfurly of Ramphorlie, co. Renfrew, and the title of 4th Viscount Northland of Dungannon, co. Tyrone.
Children of Thomas Knox, 3rd Earl of Ranfurly and Harriet Rimington (26 November 1824 - 16 March 1891)

</doc>
<doc id="20828565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828565" title="Šentjošt nad Horjulom">
Šentjošt nad Horjulom

Šentjošt nad Horjulom () is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. In addition to the main settlement, it also includes the hamlets of Kogel, Kurja Vas (), Paradiže, Potok, Stavnik.
Name.
The name "Šentjošt nad Horjulom" literally means 'Šentjošt above Horjul'. The name "Šentjošt" is a fused compound of "šent" 'saint, holy' (< Latin "sanctus") and "Jošt" 'Judoc(us), Josse' and is derived from the local church dedicated to the same saint. The settlement was formerly known as "Sveti Jošt nad Vrhniko", "Šentjošt nad Vrhniko" (literally, 'Šentjošt above Vrhnika'), or simply "Šent Jošt". The name of the settlement was official changed to "Šentjošt nad Horjulom" in 1955.
History.
Archaeological finds in Šentjošt nad Horjulom include two silver bracelets from the early Slavic period.
A part-time school was established in the rectory in 1810. A school building was built in 1900, and regular lessons started being held in 1923.
Šentjost nad Horjulom was the site where the first Village Guard () was founded in Slovenia in July 1942. The settlement's anti-communist orientation resulted in a number of Partisan reprisals. On 24 July 1942 the village was attacked by Partisan forces numbering as many as 400. The Partisans, who were fought off by the local militia, then attacked surrounding villages as they retreated, killing 20 people (nine married men, three women, five unmarried men, two unmarried girls, and one child) and burning 16 farms. After the Second World War, there were almost no men left in the village, and the first postwar child was not born until 1955. There is a shrine next to the cemetery in Šentjost nad Horjulom dedicated to the non-communist dead of the Second World War, and in the cemetery itself there is a cross dedicated to the Slovene Home Guard.
Religious heritage.
The religious heritage in Šentjošt nad Horjulom consists of two churches and several wayside shrines.
Churches.
There are two churches in the settlement. The parish church is dedicated to Saint John the Evangelist. The date 1664 is carved into the church's door casing and its furnishings date from the first half of the 19th century. The main altar dates from the end of the 18th century. It stands in the center of the village, south of Saint Josse's Church, and was declared a cultural monument in 2005. A second church is dedicated to Saint Josse (). It was first mentioned in written sources in 1401 and probably dates from the 13th century. One of the bells in the belfry was cast by the bell-maker Vivencius (active in the first half of the 14th century) and is dated 1354. The frescoes inside the church were produced by the Gorizia workshop between 1410 and 1420. The church was registered as a cultural monument in 2005.
Shrines.
In addition to the shrine at the cemetery dedicated to the non-communist dead of the Second World War, there are six wayside shrines in Šentjošt nad Horjulom registered as cultural heritage.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Šentjošt nad Horjulom include:

</doc>
<doc id="20828576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828576" title="Stranska Vas, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Stranska Vas, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Stranska Vas (; Slovenian: "Stranska vas") is a clustered village northeast of Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Geography.
Stranska Vas lies on the road between Dobrova and Šentvid, Ljubljana on the left bank of Ostrožnik Creek, a tributary of the Gradaščica River. It extends south to the Gradaščica River, northeast up the slope of Utik Hill, and north across Čep Creek (, a tributary of the Ostrožnik) and through the Šujica Woods () to the upper course of Ostrožnik Creek beyond Krašec Hill (393 m). The village includes the hamlet of Utik.
Name.
Stranska Vas was first mentioned in 1376 under the semi-German name "Strandörf" ("Strandorff" in 1414, "Stranstorff" in 1431). In the 19th century it was known as "Stranskawaß" in German. The name literally means 'village on the side' and is derived from the Slovene word "stran" 'side', referring to the location of the settlement on the slope of a hill.
Architectural heritage.
The wayside shrine southwest of the village, on the road to Dobrova, is protected as a cultural heritage monument. It dates from the 19th century (renovated in 1997) and is dedicated to the Virgin Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20828582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828582" title="Kodoth">
Kodoth

Kodoth is a village in the Kasaragod district of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20828583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828583" title="Confession (band)">
Confession (band)

Confession is an Australian metalcore band, originating from Melbourne, Victoria. Formed in 2008, the band was formed by frontman Michael Crafter, who is best known as the former lead vocalist of metalcore bands I Killed the Prom Queen, Carpathian and Bury Your Dead. The band is known for its energetic live shows and are a favourite on the Australian hardcore scene. They have released one EP entitled "Can't Live, Can't Breathe", and two albums: "Cancer" and "The Long Way Home" on Resist Records.
History.
Formation and "Can't Live, Can't Breathe" (2008-2009).
Confession was started by Michael Crafter in 2008, following his Australian farewell tour with I Killed the Prom Queen. The first member that Crafter enlisted for his new band was guitarist Dan Brown, who previously played in Byron Bay based hardcore punk band 50 Lions.
On 11 October 2008, the band released their first EP on Resist Records entitled "Can't Live, Can't Breathe". The EP featured a cover of the Frenzal Rhomb song "Ship of Beers", as well as 7 original songs, one of which was an intro. The band promoted the EP by touring Australia with Deez Nuts, featuring Crafter's ex-I Killed the Prom Queen bandmate JJ Peters. The band also served as openers for the Sweatfest Australian Tour in December 2008, featuring Parkway Drive and A Day to Remember as headliners, as well as Suicide Silence and The Acacia Strain.
"Cancer" (2009-2010).
On 9 October 2009, the band released their first full-length album, "Cancer", which was recorded between June–September 2009 at Adelaide's Sound House Studio. The album earned the band Blunt Magazine's Album of the Year award. Following the release of "Cancer", the band headlined their first Australian headlining tour in October–November 2009, with many local Australian metalcore and hardcore bands supporting them.
Before the recording of the album, the band parted ways with drummer Matthew Owens and bassist "Borgs". Shane O'Brien was soon added as the band's drummer, with bass duties being handled by guitarist Dan Brown who decided to switch from guitar to bass so it would ease on him to sing clean vocals. Tyrone Burke of Hiroshima Will Burn joined the band as his replacement on guitar and toured the band on the Sick Summer Tour supporting Parkway Drive in January–February 2010, though he was kicked out of the band later in 2010 after stealing money from the band. Kevin Cameron (ex-I Killed the Prom Queen) temporarily replaced Burke on guitar, until Dan Brown decided to return to his guitar duties, bringing Jamie Hope of The Red Shore to fill-in for him on bass.
In March–April 2010, the band played their first tour outside of Australia: a European tour supporting For the Fallen Dreams. After playing with the band for the Keeping it Bogan Tour, Jamie Hope was replaced by Byron Carney of 50 Lions. Though, Byron stay with the band was short and as the band was without the bassist at the time, Dan Brown was forced to return to bass duties and the band played as a 4 piece for a while, before ex-The Red Shore bassist Tim Anderson joined the band.
On July 2010, the band played on the Youngbloods Tour in support of The Amity Affliction, and in August, they have toured in support of House Vs. Hurricane on the Escape to OZ Tour. In October–November 2010, the band once again headlined an Australian tour with local hardcore bands as support acts,
"The Long Way Home" (2010-2012).
In November the band headed to Dan's Home town of byron bay and started writing the new album at the Parkway Drive House. The band felt this was the best place to write the new album. Just so happened parkway was away and The Gordon Family was happy to let confession set up in the basement to write the new album. These sessions lasted 3 weeks.
December 2010, the band played 5 dates as part of the No Sleep Til Festival, alongside such bands as Megadeth, NOFX, A Day to Remember, August Burns Red, Alkaline Trio and more.\
In April 2011, the band flew to Gothenburg, Sweden, to start recording their second studio album, with producer Fredrik Nordström at his Studio Fredman. Recording began on 18 April and ended on 29 April 2011. Following the wrapping of the recording, the band went on a European tour supporting Swedish hardcore punk band Raised Fist, along with melodic hardcore band Hundredth, between 30 April–14 May.
Between 18–28 May 2011, the band played as one of the opening acts to Parkway Drive on the Australian Mix N' Mash Tour, along with Miss May I and The Wonder Years.
On 7 August 2011, the band had announced that their new album will be titled "The Long Way Home", and also revealed its artwork and release date as being 23 September 2011.
On 17 August 2011, the band released their first single from "The Long Way Home", entitled "Asthma Attack". A tour in support of the album, entitled The Long Way Home Tour was announced to take place between 7–30 October 2011, with supporting acts Thy Art Is Murder and Antagonist A.D..
European Tour 2012.
Confession opened for Parkway Drive on their 2012 European tour. The other bands on the bill were The Ghost Inside from Los Angeles, California, and Miss May I from Troy, Ohio
Member Issues & New Lineup (2012-Present).
On 9 May 2012, the band announced that they had parted ways with vocalist Michael Crafter. An unaware Crafter tweeted that he was kicked out without him knowing. In a turn of events, Crafter went on the band's Facebook page, banned all the other members from accessing the account, changed the band location to Perth, Australia, and then kicked out all the band members via a Facebook post: "It's Crafter here. I would like to announce that the members who used to play in this band have tried to double cross me. I have now kicked out all members of the band and will be looking for legit friends to play within the band." An interview with Stu on Short Fast Loud later that night would clarify the situation.
The band toured Japan in January 2013.
They then played the Soundwave festival across Australia, during February 2013, as well as two Sidewave shows opening for Gallows.
On August 19, the band announced on their Facebook that Doyle was no longer a member.

</doc>
<doc id="20828585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828585" title="Journal of Black Psychology">
Journal of Black Psychology

The Journal of Black Psychology is a quarterly psychology journal published by the Association of Black Psychologists. The journal was founded in 1974 and publishes original research in a wide variety of areas:
The journal has provided a forum for the exploration of the psychology of black peoples. Its current editor in chief is Shawn Utsey of Virginia Commonwealth University.
Volume 34.3 (2008) was devoted to the 40th anniversary of the Association of Black Psychologists. Recent issues include essays such as "Relationships Between Exposure to Rap Music Videos and Attitudes Toward Relationships Among African American Youth" (Yaphet Bryant), "Correlates of Substance Use in Relation to Sexual Behavior in Black Gay and Bisexual Men: Implications for HIV Prevention" (Leo Wilton), and "Black Football Players on a Predominantly White College Campus: Psychosocial and Emotional Realities of the Black College Athlete Experience" (Mickey C. Melendez).

</doc>
<doc id="20828591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828591" title="ELISION Ensemble">
ELISION Ensemble

The ELISION Ensemble (often referred to as simply ELISION) is a chamber ensemble specialising in contemporary classical music,
concentrating on the creation and presentation of new works.
The ensemble comprises a core of around 20 virtuoso musicians from Australia and around the world.
Since 1986 it has maintained an active schedule of concerts, recordings, broadcasts,
and music-theatre/opera, installation art and new media art performances, principally in Australia and Europe.
During 2008 the ensemble presented 36 individual works, including 11 world premieres, in 18 concerts or events in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, Berlin and London. Its 18th compact disc was released in 2009 (see Discography).
ELISION combines its Australian perspective with a long-term exploration of complex musical aesthetics, and in so doing has
developed an international reputation for Australian new music and performance practice.
Paul Griffiths, in "Modern Music and After", writes of ELISION
"… whose splendiferous range of colours … has produced a kind of sensuous complexity that may be uniquely Australian".
Aesthetics.
ELISION's musical aesthetic is at the complex and virtuosic end of the contemporary classical compositional spectrum.
A strong element of this music is the sheer difficulty of its performance;
multiple compositional layers, complex and heavily detailed musical notation pose significant interpretative challenges. Interplay between the resultant unpredictabilities and performative decisions required by complex multi-layered and paradoxical strands of information embedded in notational practice can lead to a frustration for the player, or to a fascination born of engagement in the act of "what it is to make music". The latter is a key aspect for the members of ELISION; a further is the physicality of performance, the intimate connection between the musician and the instrument.
"The ELISION ensemble … celebrated its 10th birthday with a characteristic sequence of "salto mortale" items, proving yet again that ‘impossible’ is a relative word. Its repertoire, once relatively eclectic, has now become sharply focused: both technically and aesthically, it specialises in ‘tough cookies’. Typically, though not exclusively, these tend to be rhythmically highly complex, with dense webs of wide-flung micro-tonal melodies, and the same horror of rests that one finds in Fauré's later chamber works. In such a context, even a new cello solo by Stockhausen ("Violoncello aus Orchester—Finalisten") sounded meek and mild."
The ensemble has commissioned and premiered new works from Richard Barrett, Chris Dench,
Brian Ferneyhough, James Dillon, Michael Finnissy,
Aaron Cassidy, Evan Johnson, Timothy McCormack
and others associated with the so-called new complexity movement.
A very long-term collaborator is Australian composer Liza Lim who has written three operas and over twenty smaller works for ELISION and its members.
Other composers who have written for the ensemble include
Franco Donatoni, Aldo Clementi, Karlheinz Essl, Volker Heyn, Richard Rijnvos
and Australians
John Rodgers, Timothy O'Dwyer, Dominik Karski, David Young, Brendan Colbert and Michael Smetanin.
Cross-artform events.
Beyond its traditional concert-giving activity, a distinguishing aspect of ELISION's work had been the creation of new cross-artform events, combining musical performance with the visual and sonic arts, including new media, but particularly installation art.
Examples include "Opening of the Mouth" (composer Richard Barrett, installation artist Richard Crow; Perth 1997), "Sonorous Bodies" (composer Liza Lim, video artist Judith Wright; Brisbane 1999 and Berlin 2001),
or "DARK MATTER" (Barrett and Norwegian installation artist Per Inge Bjørlo; Brisbane 2002 and Berlin 2003).
These works stem from close collaboration between composer, visual artist, sound artist and musicians, and frequently occur in musically unusual locations (disused power stations, old railway workshops, backstage, galleries), and create a "total art work" aiming to envelop the audience visually as well as sonically.
"ELISION constructs itself not so much as a concert-performing ensemble but as a vehicle for the creation of unique and thought–provoking artistic statements … ELISION projects are ones with which one mentally carries on an argument long after the event. ELISION is a mouth."
"The Welsh composer Richard Barrett entreated an excursion into the black holes of the universe. On stools and benches welded from steel tubes in the Norwegian Per Inge Bjørlo's environment, you had the impression of being in a forest of grabbing arms. Conducted from a spaceship's cockpit, one hears the musicians of the Australian ELISION Ensemble partly shielded behind steel cages."
ELISION's activity in music theatre/opera production, most recently "The Navigator" (composer Liza Lim, director Barrie Kosky; Brisbane and Melbourne 2008, Moscow and Paris 2009), can be viewed as a continuation of an artistic relationship which began in 1993 with performances of "The Oresteia"
(Melbourne 1993).
Beyond notated music, ELISION has also maintained a strong thread of structured improvisation performance, often within cross-artform events, such as the seven-night long "Bar-do'i-thos-grol (The Tibetan Book of the Dead)" (composer Liza Lim, installation artist Domenico de Clario; Lismore 1994 and Perth 1995) (described as "one of the most astonishing creations in recent Australian music performance"). The use of improvisation as a creative laboratory to generate sonic understandings, subsequently informing more formal processes, has occurred with composers Richard Barrett and John Rodgers, and recently in "What Remains" (composer/performers John Butcher and Timothy O'Dwyer; Brisbane 2007).
History.
ELISION was established in Melbourne, Australia in 1986 by its current Artistic Director Daryl Buckley and other musicians from the Victorian College of the Arts; several founding members remain in the ensemble.
While resident in Melbourne it built an international reputation, making its first European appearance in 1991.
In 1996 it relocated its administrative base to The University of Queensland, Brisbane, and was a resident company at the Judith Wright Centre of Contemporary Arts in Brisbane from its opening in 2001 until 2008.
ELISION has received government funding from arts councils including the Australia Council, Arts Victoria and Arts Queensland.
The ensemble has also secured funding from government and private sources in Europe, particularly to commission new work.
ELISION is operated by a not-for-profit incorporated association, whose membership is dominated by musicians in the ensemble.
Current membership.
Deborah Kayser (soprano), Genevieve Lacey (recorder), Paula Rae (flute), Peter Veale (oboe), Richard Haynes (clarinet), Carl Rosman (clarinet), Timothy O'Dwyer (saxophone), Ysolt Clark (horn), Tristram Williams (trumpet), Benjamin Marks (trombone), Peter Neville (percussion), Richard Barrett (electronics), Daryl Buckley (electric guitar), Marilyn Nonken (piano), Marshall McGuire (harp), Satsuki Odamura (koto), Graeme Jennings (violinist) (violin), Erkki Veltheim (viola), Séverine Ballon (violoncello), Joan Wright (double bass).
Critical acclaim.
" … an uncompromisingly radical attitude to the presentation of the music, treating each piece as a score for a total art work, involving installation artists to design the sets for their performances and taking their audiences on a journey, not only through the music but through the performance space itself."
"ELISION has gone the distance and established itself not only as one of Australia's finest contemporary music ensembles but as an ensemble of international standing …"
"Elision is a unique venture with a wonderful record of explorations of cross-cultural and intermedia composition and performance, engagements with architecture, medicine and science, and enjoys a capacity to develop unique and successful international collaborations. It has changed the face of Australian music, not only in its support for talented composers and musicians, but in ways of presenting music for new audiences. Elision has also cleverly developed an international market for its work by commissioning composers from other countries and by partnering overseas ensembles in productions. It has achieved a remarkable touring record."
"Conventional people may choose to stay at home."
"Chris Dench (b. 1953) has become a part of the musical life of Australia, as has Richard Barrett (b. 1959) in works written for the Elision ensemble, whose splendiferous range of colours (with a prominent tuned percussion centre, including angklung, mandolin and guitar, as well as full stretches of winds and strings) has produced a kind of sensuous complexity that may be uniquely Australian."
"What we need is the regular chance to see the other greats of new music—Frankfurt's Ensemble Modern, Paris's Ensemble Intercontemporain, Klangforum Wien, Amsterdam's Ives Ensemble, Australia's ELISION Ensemble—to experience other ways of interpreting the greats of the
20th and 21st centuries, and to hear their unique performance practices at the cutting edge."
"From time to time one still comes across the idea that modernist music, by its very nature, is ugly and inexpressive, and that the newly tuneful composers of the last couple of decades have saved the art from going down some blind alley. If evidence were needed to counter that notion, a recent CD of solo works by Brian Ferneyhough (Etcetera KTC 1206), played by the extraordinary musicians of the Australian group Elision, would do the trick."
Discography.
Compact discs released by ELISION:
Compilation compact discs featuring tracks performed by ELISION:
Name.
The ensemble takes its name from an archaic English usage of the word elision, meaning "a cutting of the air … as the cause of sound".

</doc>
<doc id="20828596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828596" title="Šujica">
Šujica

Šujica (; ) is a clustered village on the left bank of the Gradaščica River, 1 km north of Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Šujica was first mentioned in written records between 1197 and 1202 as "Sůz", and later in 1267 as "in Scheuz" and in 1354 as "in der Schewez". It is also known locally and in older written sources as "Švica". It shares its name with Šujica Creek, a left tributary of the Gradaščica River. The name of the settlement is based on the hydronym and is derived from the Slovene word "šuj" 'left' (cf. "šujica" 'left hand'), and therefore means 'left tributary (of the Gradaščica)'. In the 19th century it was known as "Schuitze" in German.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Šujica include:

</doc>
<doc id="20828612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828612" title="Pen-y-ffordd">
Pen-y-ffordd

Pen-y-ffordd is a hamlet in Flintshire, Wales. It is located between Holywell and Prestatyn, to the north west of Mostyn.

</doc>
<doc id="20828614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828614" title="Fernando Alonso (disambiguation)">
Fernando Alonso (disambiguation)

Fernando Alonso (born 1981) is a Spanish racing driver
Fernando Alonso may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20828622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828622" title="Indische Buurt">
Indische Buurt

In 2003, there were around 23,357 inhabitants. The neighborhood is bounded on the west by the railroad Amsterdam - Hilversum (with the Muiderpoort Station), on the east side by Flevopark, on the north side by Zeeburgerdijk and on the south side by the Ringvaart Watergraafsmeer.
Indische Buurt is the oldest part of the former Zeeburg district and is very ethnically diverse, and a high percentage of the population is of immigrant origin (for Zeeburg this is already high at 55%, but higher in the Indische Buurt) and there are an estimated 100 languages spoken.
History.
The impetus was given to create a new district in the early 20th century, as Amsterdam had previously experienced large population growth. The construction of the district was well under way on the wave of economic growth that followed the completion of the North Sea Canal in 1876 and the commissioning of the Merwedekanaal in 1892. 
In May 1915, the Tram Line 14 was extended into Indische Buurt
The growth continued for some time, with an interruption in the 1930s as a result of the Great Depression. Indische Buurt was relatively isolated from the rest of the city by its position behind the railway line that runs through the area, and connects Amsterdam Centraal with Utrecht, until 1939 when Muiderpoort Station was built. 
One of the last bath houses in Amsterdam was built on Javaplein in 1942, and functioned until 1982.
From the 1960s the Amsterdam port to the west was moved and the district became a pure residential area.
Redevelopment.
Since the mid-1990s the area is undergoing rapid gentrification as formerly squatted buildings, as well as former student housing, are being renewed and sold. Timorplein is a particular area of focus for the area's urban gentrification, and the square's renewal was completed in 2010 with the opening of a new cultural institution which includes Studio K, a theater/gallery/cafe/restaurant, a new 'Stayokay' hostel, and the IIRE, which includes meeting and conference rooms. Also, nearby the Zeeburgerdijk tram stop is 'Pompstation', a restaurant and cafe located in a former industrial building. In addition, one of the district's major roads, the Javastraat, has been transformed into a new Mediterranean-style shopping boulevard, which included the repaving of streets and improved bicycle parking. In 2010 on the Javaplein, (building Borneohof) a large library, restaurant / terrace promenade were constructed.
Public transport.
Amsterdam Muiderpoort railway station lies on the west side of Indische Buurt, on the border with Watergraafsmeer. Trains to Amsterdam, Schiphol, Rotterdam, Utrecht / Rhenen and Amersfoort stop at Muiderpoort Station.
GVB tram lines 3, 7 and 14 have their terminus in Indische Buurt. Line 3 has its terminus at the Muiderpoort Station, and lines 7 and 14 at Flevopark.
Bus lines 22, 40, 41 all have a terminal at Muiderpoort Station. In addition, bus lines 37,and 65 run through Indische Buurt.
Areas.
Indische Buurt is divided into smaller areas: Ambonbuurt, Makassarbuurt, Sumatrabuurt and Timorbuurt
Ambonbuurt.
Ambonbuurt (The Ambon district) is a densely populated residential area bounded by the Insulindeweg, Molukkenstraat, Valentijnkade and the railway line. The neighborhood has the second highest population density of the district after the neighboring Sumatrabuurt.The population in 2010 was approximately 4,000 people in an area of 16 hectares.
Makassarbuurt.
Makassarbuurt (The Makassar Area) is primarily a residential neighborhood which lies in between Zeeburgerdijk, Molukkenstraat, Insulindeweg and Flevopark. The area covers 115 hectares, of which more than half is park and water. The area is densely populated and has 6,618 residents as at early 2010.
On the edge of the neighborhood there are shops to be found along Molukkenstraat and a commercial zone around Zeeburgerdijk. 
Flevopark.
On the east side of Indische Buurt is Flevopark, which includes the outdoor Flevopark swimming pools. This park was given concrete form in 1908. The naturalist Jac. P. Thijsse envisioned a park between the Jewish Cemetery and the Nieuwe Diep.
The expropriation procedure began in 1914, and from 1921 there was money available to obtain the land suitable for building the park. In 1928, the construction of the park began.
Flevopark includes the site of a Jewish cemetery. It was in use since 1714 by the Jewish Community, and there are an estimated 200,000 people buried there. It has not been in active use since 1942.
Sumatrabuurt.
Sumatrabuurt (The Sumatra Area) lies between Insulindeweg, Molukkenstraat and Valentijnkade. It is the most densely populated of all neighborhoods in Amsterdam East. In 2010, about 3,000 people live on an area of 14 hectares. A commercial area lies on the west side along Molukkenstraat.
Timorbuurt.
Timorbuurt lies between Zeeburgerdijk, Molukkenstraat, Insulindeweg and Celebesstraat. It is densely populated: the population in 2010 was approximately 8,000, giving a population density of 14,837 per km². There are no parks in the area. The area contains the Timorplein, a cultural spot. Mostly a residential neighborhood, it contains the Javastraat, the Indische Buurt's most important shopping street.

</doc>
<doc id="20828643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828643" title="Croydon Aircraft Company">
Croydon Aircraft Company

The Croydon Aircraft Company is an aircraft company in New Zealand. Its main activities include restoring vintage aircraft, providing scenic and aerial experience flights in vintage aircraft, and providing pilot training in vintage aircraft.
It runs the Old Mandeville Airfield, in Mandeville, New Zealand, where it is located.
Aircraft on site and stored in the adjacent museum include several Tiger Moths and other aircraft in the de Havilland family, such as the Fox Moth and a very rare de Havilland Dragonfly. These aircraft are regularly flown.
A replica of the Pither Monoplane was constructed and flown by CAC.
Recently a Beechcraft Staggerwing restoration was completed [http://www.captainbiff.com/] and other Staggerwing restorations are in progress. A replica of the de Havilland DH.88 Comet is under construction.
The company is owned and run by Colin and Maeve Smith. In 2011 Colin Smith was made a member of the NZ Order of Merit for his services to the aviation and tourism industries.
A popular fly-in and open day is hosted the eighth weekend of every year. Vintage cars, steam vehicles, old stationary engines and, of course, aircraft are on display. Joy rides in vintage aircraft are a feature of the day.

</doc>
<doc id="20828670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828670" title="The Destruction of Lord Raglan">
The Destruction of Lord Raglan

The Destruction of Lord Raglan: A tragedy of the Crimean War, 1854–55 is a non-fiction historical work by Christopher Hibbert, originally published by Longman in 1961. The work is a portrait of Lord Raglan, commander-in-chief of British forces during the Crimean War. Drawing on contemporary letters, papers, and diaries Hibbert re-assesses both Raglan and the war, suggesting that the chaos of the conflict was the tragic result, not of one man's neglect, but of the whole nation's folly.

</doc>
<doc id="20828708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828708" title="Koni (dog)">
Koni (dog)

Koni (, born 1999), full name Connie Paulgrave (), also known as Connie, is a female black Labrador Retriever owned by President of Russia Vladimir Putin. Given to Putin as a gift in 2000 by General of the Army Sergey Shoygu, she is often seen at Putin's side, including at staff meetings, and when Putin greets world leaders upon their visits to Russia.
Family.
Koni, full name Connie Paulgrave, was born in 1999 at a cynology centre of the Ministry of Emergency Situations in Noginsk, where she was to be trained as a search and rescue dog. Koni's parents are Henrietta Bush (mother) and Alkor Ross Bradford (father). Alkor Ross Bradford had hereditary lines to a Labrador once owned by Leonid Brezhnev, the one-time General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. There are rumours, although they are unconfirmed, that Koni was named after Condoleezza Rice. In December 2000, Koni was presented to Vladimir Putin as a gift from the Ministry of Emergency Situations, Sergey Shoigu.
On the morning of 7 December 2003, the day of the Russian legislative election, Koni gave birth to eight pups. One of the pups, named "Darina," was given to a pensioner in Novozolotovka, Neklinovksy District of Rostov Oblast. Another pup, named "Oscar," was given to a six-year old girl in Smolensk. Two pups were given to then-President of Austria Thomas Klestil as a symbol of Austrian-Russian friendship. The two pups are now with the late Klestil's wife and widow, Margot Klestil-Löffler, who as the Austrian ambassador to the Czech Republic had the dogs living with her in Prague. In December 2009, she was appointed Austrian ambassador to the Russian Federation, so they all returned to Moscow. Klestil-Löffler says that the two dogs, named "Olya" and "Orhi," have helped her deal with her husband's death. Another of Koni's pups is employed by rescue services in Vladikavkaz in North Ossetia–Alania.
Relationship with Vladimir Putin.
Since she became part of the Putin family, it has featured largely in the life of the President, and is regularly at her master's side. In 2007 organisers of the Saint Petersburg Economic Forum, a regional meeting of the World Economic Forum, wrote to the Presidential Administration requesting a photo of the then President for his accreditation badge; the Administration sent back to the organisers a photo of Putin sitting in an armchair next to a fireplace with Koni lying at his feet.
Answering a question at a press conference, Putin stated that like everyone he has bad moods, and explained:
"In those situations I try to consult with my dog Koni, who gives me good advice."
Koni responds to simple commands given to her by Putin, including "down!" (), "sit!" (), "heel!" (), "go!" () and "bark!" (), in addition to shaking hands.
Although Koni is for the most part allowed to attend meetings with Putin, on occasion she was kept away from such functions. "Rossiyskaya Gazeta" recalled an incident in 2003, where journalists travelled to Sochi to discuss various issues with the President. Upon arrival at Bocharov Ruchei, Koni, who is described as cheerful and inquisitive, greeted the journalists. When it came time to start the meeting, Putin's security detail stopped Koni from following him. As the journalists and Putin started walking down the staircase, Koni rushed towards them and began to bark loudly at Putin. Irena Lesnevsky, the president of REN TV, asked "So who else here can so bark at the President?" Koni, in what appeared to be an expression of dissatisfaction in not being allowed to "participate" in the meeting, continued barking and refused several orders by Putin to come to him, leading Lesnevsky to ask "So who else can disobey the President?"
In the public eye.
In December 2004, she was taken to a children's New Year party at the State Kremlin Palace by Putin. While Putin was on stage giving a speech to the media, politicians and the public, she escaped from her holdings and joined her owner on stage.
She gained fame when "Detskaya Literatura", one of the oldest publishing houses of Soviet times and the largest publisher of children's books, published in 2004 a book entitled "Connie's Stories". The 60-page book written by Irina Borisova in English chronicles the life and adventures of a black Labrador named "Connie", which at the end it is revealed that Connie is the ex-President's dog. Koni gained additional public exposure when she was present at an April meeting with Putin and President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko in Sochi. Koni's visibility in meetings of Putin with world leaders led to the publication by "Ogoniok" of a satirical series of comic strips which features Koni as an advisor to Putin on matters relating to the foreign relations of Russia.
In July 2006, in an online conference organised by Yandex and the BBC, Putin revealed that Koni eats two to three times a day, and has a penchant for porridge with meat. During the same online Q&A session, Putin reiterated a request that he had previously made on his website for people not to feed Koni, stating:
"Sometimes, Koni leaves a room full of journalists with a very pleased expression on her face and biscuit crumbs around her mouth...Please don't feed my dog."
In December 2007, Sergey Ivanov updated Putin on progress on the Russian global navigation satellite system GLONASS, when Putin enquired whether he would be able to buy a device hooked into GLONASS which would allow him to keep an eye on Koni. Ivanov advised Putin that collars for pets would be available in mid-2008. The collar was demonstrated to Putin on Koni on 17 October 2008, making Koni the first recipient of a GLONASS-enabled pet collar.
Russian politics.
In February 2005, the "We" youth movement, a member of The Other Russia, started a campaign to promote Koni for President. It was the opinion of the group that no matter who won the 2008 Russian presidential election the operating head of state would remain the same, and hence Koni would make the best candidate. Georgy Satarov, a key member of "The Other Russia" believes that if Putin were to have endorsed Koni as his successor, then 40% of the electorate would vote for the Labrador, given that 40% of the people would vote for whomever Putin endorses for the election.
Russian foreign affairs.
Koni became a symbol of friendly meetings between the Russian President and world leaders and is allowed to attend official meetings.
A popular anecdote is of when the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel met Vladimir Putin, Putin brought Koni to their meetings. On 21 January 2007, the two leaders met at Bocharov Ruchei, the President's summer residence in Sochi and at the beginning of their meeting Koni wandered into the room, leading Putin to ask Merkel, who was afraid of dogs, "The dog does not bother you, does she? She's a friendly dog and I'm sure she will behave herself." Merkel responded in Russian, a language in which she is fluent, "She doesn't eat journalists, after all." Koni then proceeded to sniff the German Chancellor, and sat at her feet. Merkel was reported to have shown "apparent discomfort".
When US President George W. Bush visited Putin's residence at Novo-Ogaryovo, Koni was there to greet both leaders. Putin was reported to have remarked to the visiting President that Koni is "igger, tougher, stronger, faster, meaner — than Barney", which aides to Bush said was "a mark of a friendship strengthened by a little needling." At a meeting with Putin in Sochi in March 2003, and again in April 2005, President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko, who regards Koni as a "friend", attempted to call Koni to him, but Koni did not respond, except for yawning at the Belarussian President on several occasions, before getting up and going over to the journalists who had gathered to cover the meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="20828726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828726" title="Still in Love with You (Thin Lizzy song)">
Still in Love with You (Thin Lizzy song)

"Still in Love with You" is a song originally recorded by Thin Lizzy, first released on their 1974 album "Nightlife", and later released on the live albums "Live and Dangerous", "Life", "BBC Radio One Live in Concert", "The Peel Sessions" and "One Night Only". Allmusic's review of the song says it "is widely considered to be Thin Lizzy's greatest, most romantic ballad."
Thin Lizzy versions.
On all Thin Lizzy releases, the song is credited solely to Phil Lynott, although at least one source attributes much of the credit to Gary Moore, and that the song was largely composed by Moore in 1969. Moore had not recorded the song himself prior to his brief involvement with Thin Lizzy in early 1974, and it is his guitar solo on the finished recording on the "Nightlife" album. Even though Moore had left the band by the time the album was put together in the autumn of 1974, his replacement Brian Robertson refused to re-record the solo, believing that it could not be improved upon. Robertson considers it his signature song as he played the most famous version, on Thin Lizzy's double-live album "Live and Dangerous", and would not let it be removed from the band's setlist. The song later became a showcase for each of the band's guitarists, featuring in their live set until the band split in 1983.
Scottish singer Frankie Miller also featured on the "Nightlife" version of the song, joining Lynott in a duet. During 2011–12, the touring version of Thin Lizzy also performed the song as a duet, with vocals shared between keyboard player Darren Wharton and frontman Ricky Warwick.
Live versions of the song were released as the b-side of the "Thunder and Lightning" single in April 1983, and as one of four tracks on the 12" release of "Dedication" in 1991.
A re-recording appeared as a B-side to the "Out in the Fields" double single and 12" by Gary Moore and Phil Lynott in 1985.
Bobby Tench version.
A cover of this song was recorded by Bobby Tench, and released on the Stiff label in 1986. This version features Thin Lizzy guitarist Brian Robertson and the B side is entitled "Heart Out of Love" which was co-written by Peter Bardens and Tench. In 2007 ZTT bought the Stiff label and Tench's version is listed on the Stiff website.
Sade version.
British R&B/Soul band Sade covered the song on their 2011 compilation album "The Ultimate Collection". It was released as the first single from the album and was included on the Sade Live Tour setlist. In Europe, it was released as a promo single along with another song from the album titled "Love Is Found".
Sade's cover of the song received a positive reception from critics upon its release. "Billboard magazine" described Sade's cover as "one of the group's finest unreleased treasures" in its review of the single. Andy Kellman of All Music Guide called the song "The best of the new songs" from the new compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="20828732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828732" title="This Is the Way We Roll">
This Is the Way We Roll

This Is the Way We Roll is a single released by Hammer from the album "Too Legit to Quit".
The song was featured in the film, "The Addams Family", and was performed by Hammer on "Saturday Night Live". A music video was produced for the track as well.
Chart position.
The song peaked at No. 86 on the US chart and No. 20 on the US R&B charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20828741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828741" title="Printemps et autres saisons">
Printemps et autres saisons

Printemps et autres saisons is the title of a collection of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
Reviews.
Le monde review
This blog is closing, so the note is now available on http://argoul.com/2011/03/21/le-clezio-printemps-et-autres-saisons/

</doc>
<doc id="20828754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828754" title="Kasganj District">
Kasganj District

Kasganj is 71st district of the Indian state Uttar Pradesh. It is located in the division of Aligarh and consists of Kasganj, Patiali and Sahawar tehsils. Its headquarters is at Kasganj.
History.
The district of Kasganj was established on 15 April 2008 by separating Kasganj, Patiali and Sahawar tehsils from Etah district. For a while, the district was named after a politician, Kanshi Ram. The decision taken by Mayawati, chief minister of Uttar Pradesh and president of the BSP provoked protests by lawyers who had proposed to call it in honor of Sant Tulsidas, who was born in the district. The district reverted to its original name in 2012. Adjacent districts of Kasganj are Etah, Aligarh, Hathras, Khair
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census Kasganj district has a population of 1,438,156, roughly equal to the nation of Swaziland or the US state of Hawaii. This gives it a ranking of 345th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 17.05%. Kanshiram Nagar has a sex ratio of 879 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 62.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="20828757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828757" title="Sonotrode">
Sonotrode

In ultrasonic machining, welding and mixing, a sonotrode is a tool that creates ultrasonic vibrations and applies this vibrational energy to a gas, liquid, solid or tissue.
A sonotrode usually consists of a stack of piezoelectric transducers attached to a tapering metal rod. The end of the rod is applied to the working material. An alternating current oscillating at ultrasonic frequency is applied by a separate power supply unit to the piezoelectric transducers. The current causes them to expand and contract. The frequency of the current is chosen to be the resonant frequency of the tool, so the entire sonotrode acts as a half-wavelength resonator, vibrating lengthwise with standing waves at its resonant frequency. The standard frequencies used with ultrasonic sonotrodes range from 20 kHz to 70 kHz. The amplitude of the vibration is small, about 13 to 130 micrometres.
Sonotrodes are made of titanium, aluminium or steel, with or without heat treatment (carbide). The shape of the sonotrode (round, square, with teeth, profiled ...), depends on the quantity of vibratory energy and a physical constraint for a specific application. Its shape must be optimized for the particular application.
Sonotrodes of small diameter are sometimes called probes.
For an ultrasonic welding or cutting application, the sonotrode gives energy directly to the welding contact area, with little diffraction. This is particularly helpful when vibrations (wave propagation) could damage surrounding electronic components.

</doc>
<doc id="20828767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828767" title="José Gil">
José Gil

José Gil (born 15 June 1939 Muecate, Portuguese Mozambique) is a Portuguese philosopher.
In his youth he lived in Lisbon, Portugal, but his experiences under António Salazar’s 1933-1974 dictatorship, made him decide to study in a free country. He moved to Paris, France where in 1982 he got his PhD from the University of Paris (Université de Vincennes à Saint-Denis) where he researched on the body as a power field under the supervision of François Châtelet. There he assisted at Gilles Deleuze’s classes whose influence on his thinking was decisive.
Between 1986 and 1989 he conducted an original research project on the aesthetics of Fernando Pessoa, at the Collège International de Philosophie, where he directed a program.
He wrote several books prior to 1983 but when “Portugal, Today: Fear of Existing” ("Portugal, Hoje: O Medo de Existir", Lisboa: Relógio d'Água) was published in November 2004, there was a massive response. The book describes, in a way considered by some to be very accurate, what is to be Portuguese and how Portuguese people perceive themselves, other people and the world. Considering that Portugal is a country with a serious identity crisis the book was an important step to shed some light on what it seems to be a mystery for Portuguese. The fact that the book was a success enabled the Portuguese to share a public awareness of the problem which may be relevant to helping to solve it.
The following month, December 2004, "Le Nouvel Observateur" named him one of the 25 Great Thinkers of the contemporary world along with Richard Rorty, Peter Sloterdijk, Toni Negri and Slavoj Žižek.
For several years he has taught courses on aesthetics, Deleuze and Spinoza at Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Department of Philosophy. He also writes for several Portuguese and foreign magazines. The academic year 2008/ 2009 brought his teaching career to an end.
In 2008 he has published two books: one on Deleuze’s philosophy (The Imperceptible Becoming of Immanence/ "O Imperceptível Devir da Imanência", Lisboa: Relógio d'Água); and a second one, a fictional work, “At noon, the birds” (ao meio-dia, os pássaros, Lisboa: Relógio d'Água).

</doc>
<doc id="20828768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828768" title="2000 College Football All-America Team">
2000 College Football All-America Team

The 2000 College Football All-America Team is composed of the following All-American Teams: Associated Press, Football Writers Association of America, American Football Coaches Association, Walter Camp Foundation, "The Sporting News", "Pro Football Weekly", "Football News", "Sports Illustrated" and Rivals.com.
The College Football All-America Team is an honor given annually to the best American college football players at their respective positions. The original usage of the term All-America seems to have been to such a list selected by football pioneer Walter Camp in the 1890s. The NCAA officially recognizes All-Americans selected by the AP, AFCA, FWAA, TSN, and the WCFF to determine Consensus All-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20828769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828769" title="Serhiy Tkach">
Serhiy Tkach

Serhiy Fedorovich Tkach (, ; born 15 September 1952) is a former Ukrainian police criminal investigator, originally from Russia, and a convicted serial killer who claimed to have killed 100 people. He suffocated girls aged between eight and 18 and performed sexual acts on their bodies after they were dead. Although Tkach admitted his crimes and demanded the death penalty, after a one-year trial, a tribunal in Dnipropetrovsk sentenced him to life imprisonment for the rape and murder of 36 women over more than two decades. Over the years, nine people had been wrongly jailed for some of the murders of which Tkach was found guilty. One of the men wrongly accused killed himself. Another was not released until March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20828775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828775" title="Aloo Chaat (film)">
Aloo Chaat (film)

Aloo Chaat is a Bollywood romantic comedy starring Aftab Shivdasani, Aamna Sharif, Linda Arsenio, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Sanjay Mishra, and Manoj Pahwa. The film is directed by Robbie Grewal, whose previous work includes films like "" and "MP3 - Mera Pehla Pehla Pyaar".
Plot.
Aloo Chaat is the story of Nikhil (Aftab Shivdasani) who returns to his Punjabi household in Lajpat Nagar, Delhi from America after completing his education. His family consists of his orthodox father Purushottam (Kulbhushan Kharbanda), his grandmother Beeji (Dolly Ahluwalia), his confused mother Seeto (Meenakshi Sethi) and an always suspicious uncle Chhadami Mama (Sanjay Mishra). Nikhil refuses to marry any girl his parents show him, which has them worried about their son's orientation. In reality, Nikhil is in love with Aamna (Aamna Sharif), a Muslim girl living in America.
Nikhil knows that his orthodox father will never allow him to marry a girl from another religion. With the help of a family friend who is a sexologist by occupation Hakim (Manoj Pahwa), he devises a plan of telling his father that he wants to marry an American girl Nikki (Linda Arsenio) who is hired by them with the help of a celebrity singer Sukha Paji who happens to be a patient of Hakim. This way they will introduce both Nikki and Aamna to the house. On one hand Nikki will exhibit all bad qualities and on the other Aamna will show all her good habits and thus impress his family. They then try many things to make Nikhil's family be impressed by Aamna.
But things go haywire when Chhadami Mama starts suspecting them. Thus starts a comedy of errors woven in a love story. Things become just as spicy as Aloo Chaat.
Reception.
The film met with mixed to negative reviews. Reviewer Taran Adarsh said that "Aloo Chaat" did not hold his attention, and gave the film 1.5/5. Raja Sen also gave the movie 2/5, while Nikhat Kazmi of the "Times Of India" gave the movie 3/5 and said it was fairly enjoyable.
Music Reception.
The title track however received extremely positive reviews getting 4 out of 5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20828777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828777" title="Jesse Ewles">
Jesse Ewles

Jesse Ewles (born December 13, 1981) is a Canadian independent filmmaker based in Toronto, Canada. Jesse has recently adopted the alternate spelling "Yules", for use on his feature film projects. 
Jesse has directed music videos for the bands Grizzly Bear, Of Montreal and Owen Pallett. In January 2010, he completed his first short film for Bravo! TV entitled Kingdom of Frogs. His main influences include Charlie Kaufman, Jan Švankmajer, Julian Schnabel, William Blake as well as Public Broadcasting animations from the 70's produced by the CBC and PBS. Fables are a common theme in his work. On December 22, 2008, he was recognized by the web blog videos.antville.org as the best unsigned director of 2008. On November 2012, Yules finished writing his first feature film titled SOMA. It tells the story of an amateur drug dealer who gets unwanted fame from the internet. 

</doc>
<doc id="20828791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828791" title="Mike Galligan">
Mike Galligan

Mike Galligan (born 17 January 1968 in Fairhill, Cork, Ireland) is an Irish retired sportsperson. He played hurling and Gaelic football with his local club Claughaun and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county hurling team from 1989 until 2000. The Claughaun man, who has featured on Limerick teams over the past 12 years, was at the peak of his career in the mid-1990s. He helped Limerick to All-Ireland finals in 1994 and 1996, winning a pair of Munster championships along the way. He won National Hurling League medals in 1992 and 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20828823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828823" title="La Fête chantée et autres essais de thème amérindien">
La Fête chantée et autres essais de thème amérindien

La Fête chantée et autres essais de thème amérindien is the title of a collection of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .

</doc>
<doc id="20828829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828829" title="Sadegh Sharafkandi">
Sadegh Sharafkandi

Sadegh Sharafkandi (Kurdish: Sadiq Şerefkendî ; 11 January 1938 Bukan – 17 September 1992 Berlin) was a Kurdish political activist and the Secretary-General of the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iran (PDKI).
Early life and education.
Sharafkandi was born on 1 January 1938, in Bukan, West Azerbaijan, Iran. He spent two years of his elementary studies in his native village, then his family moved to Mahabad, where he completed his primary and secondary education.
In 1959, he received his degree in chemistry at the Institute of Higher Education in Teheran.
Career.
After graduation, up to 1965, Sharafkandi taught chemistry in the Kurdish towns of urmieh Bukan and Mahabad. Because of his political activities, he was transferred first to Arak, then to Karaj by the Shah's regime, before being appointed assistant lecturer in chemistry at the Teachers’ Higher Training College in Teheran. In 1972, he went to France to study at the University of Paris VI, where he received his Ph.D. in analytical chemistry in 1976. While studying in Paris in 1973, he met Dr. Abdul Rahman Ghassemlou, the Secretary-general of the Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan (PDKI), and joined the Party. Upon his retum to Iran, he became Ghassemlou’s representative in his country. In 1976, he went back to Iran to teach at the Teachers’ Higher Training College in Teheran. After the fall of the Shah’s regime in February 1979, he resigned from his position and joined the reawakening Kurdish movement, which in August became the target of a “Holy War” decreed by Ayatollah Khomeini.
In February 1979, after the fall of the Shah’s regime, the PDKI’s activities became illegal. Dr. Sharafkandi was elected alternate member of the Central Committee and appointed as the Party’s official in Teheran. During the summer of 1979, he became a permanent Party cadre and in 1980, during the following Congress, he acceded to the Political Bureau. From then onwards, up to the assassination in July 1989 in Vienna of Dr. Ghassemlou by Iranian emissaries, he was regularly re-elected and put in charge of the Party’s publications. In 1986, he also took office as assistant Secretary-seneral of PDKI. After Ghassemlou’s assassination, he temporarily took over the Party’s leadership until December 1991, when he was unanimously elected Secretary-general during the IXth Congress.
Death.
Sharafkandi was murdered in the Mykonos restaurant assassinations. On 17 September 1992, Iranian-Kurdish insurgent leaders Sadegh Sharafkandi, Fattah Abdoli, Homayoun Ardalan and their translator Nouri Dehkordi were assassinated at the Mykonos Greek restaurant in Berlin, Germany. In the Mykonos trial, the courts found Kazem Darabi, an Iranian national who worked as a grocer in Berlin, and Lebanese Abbas Rhayel, guilty of murder and sentenced them to life in prison. Two other Lebanese, Youssef Amin and Mohamed Atris, were convicted of being accessories to murder. In its 10 April 1997 ruling, the court issued an international arrest warrant for Iranian intelligence minister Hojjat al-Islam Ali Fallahian after declaring that the assassination had been ordered by him with knowledge of supreme leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and president Ayatollah Rafsanjani.
In a 2004 letter to Berlin mayor Klaus Wowereit, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (the mayor of Tehran at that time) objected to the commemorative plaque in front of the restaurant, calling it an insult to Iran.
Personal life.
Sharafkandi married and had three children. Aside from Kurdish, he spoke Persian, Arabic, Azeri and French.

</doc>
<doc id="20828837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828837" title="Anders Heyerdahl">
Anders Heyerdahl

Anders Heyerdahl (29 October 1832 – 1918) was a Norwegian violinist, composer and folk music collector.
He was born in what is today Aurskog-Høland, and was the younger brother of engineer Halvor Emil Heyerdahl. He studied music mainly under Carl Arnold. In addition to his own compositions, he spent the years 1856 to 1861 collecting folk music from Hallingdal and Aurskog. The work was published as "Norske Dansar og Slåtter". Heyerdahl also published the local historic work "Urskogs Beskrivelse", in 1882.
Grandfather of the Norwegian singer Karin Krog.

</doc>
<doc id="20828850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828850" title="Cœur brûle et autres romances">
Cœur brûle et autres romances

Cœur brûle et autres romances is the title of a collection of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
Interview with Le Clézio.
In an interview conducted by Tirthankar Chanda with Le Clézio,Chanda asks
whether since Cœur brûlé et autres romances is partly set in Mexico,could it be said that the two sisters are victims of a nomadic life?Le Clézio answered that these two sisters " are victims of having belonged to two different cultures at the same time. It is very difficult for children to relate to two cultures as different as Mexican culture, which is more of an immediate, street, outside culture, and European culture which is based on the home, the indoors and school rules. It was the clash of cultures that I wanted to recount".Chanda then asked "So why a "romance"? to which Le Clézio replied "This was a slightly ironic word to describe some tragic situations. The book consists of seven dark short stories."Le Clézio continued by saying that"in romantic fiction feeling takes precedence over sociological truth. I think that the role of fiction is to highlight this constant slippage between emotion and the social, real, world. On the other hand, all the stories in this collection are based on actual events that I have adapted. So they are true stories. They have an element of the "sentimentality" that you also find in the "News in Brief" pages of the newspapers".
Seven short stories.
The book consists of seven dark short stories
Critical reception.
According to Allen Thiher in his review of Coeur brule et autres romances this collection is a mixed affair .The review can be read online :

</doc>
<doc id="20828852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828852" title="Andersons Creek">
Andersons Creek

Andersons Creek is a creek in Warrandyte and Park Orchards, east of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It is a tributary of the Yarra River. For tens of thousands of years it was used as a food and tool source sustainably by the Wurundjeri people, Indigenous Australians of the Kulin nation, who spoke variations of the Woiwurrung language group.
The creek begins in the hills north of Ringwood on the boundary of urban metropolitan Melbourne where it flows for roughly 2–3 km through Park Orchards and around 4 km through Warrandyte before emptying into the Yarra River. The creek is relatively uninhibited by weirs, dams or reservoirs and it floods often after heavy rain. It provides habitat for significant species, which includes amongst others; Platypus, Rakali, Koalas, Powerful Owls, Rufous Night Herons, White winged Choughs and Yellow tailed Black Cockatoos.
Gold was first discovered in Victoria in Andersons Creek near the present day Warrandyte State Park and the township of Warrandyte was initially named after the creek. Gold can still be found in the creek; panning is permitted in a small section of the creek near the state park.
Geography.
Tributaries and surrounding geographic features include, upstream to downstream:

</doc>
<doc id="20828855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828855" title="Summer and Smoke (film)">
Summer and Smoke (film)

Summer and Smoke is a 1961 American drama film directed by Peter Glenville based on the Tennessee Williams play of the same name. 
The film starred Laurence Harvey and Geraldine Page with Rita Moreno, Una Merkel, John McIntire, Thomas Gomez, Pamela Tiffin, Malcolm Atterbury, Lee Patrick and Earl Holliman. It was adapted by James Poe and Meade Roberts.The story follows a young reserved girl who meets a doctor who lives on the wild side. They become friends, but the beliefs they hold create difficulties for the relationship.
Awards.
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20828865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828865" title="Marie-Aude Murail">
Marie-Aude Murail

Marie-Aude Murail is a French children's writer born in Le Havre on May 6 1954.
Her father Gerard Murail is a poet and her mother, Marie-Thérèse Barrois, a journalist. One of her brothers and her younger sister also write: Lorris Murail and Elvire Murail, aka Moka. Music composer Tristan Murail is her older brother.
In 1973, she married Pierre Robert, an INSEE bureaucrat, with whom she had three children, Benjamin (1977), Charles (1987) and Constance (1994).
Itinerary.
Marie-Aude Murail has been writing since she was twelve years old.
After modern literature studies at the Sorbonne University - concluded with a thesis devoted to adapting classical novels for children - she earned her "stripes" at the Editions mondiales, where she published a hundred short stories in women's magazines (Intimité, Nous Deux) between 1980 and 1987. In the mid '80s, her two first novels (for adults) were published by Swiss publisher Pierre-Marcel Favre :
Since her first story, "C'est mieux d'être bleu", published in 1985 in the Astrapi magazine, she has written over 80 books for children, most notably three series, "Emilien", "Nils Hazard" and "L'Espionne". 
Most of her books were published by L'Ecole des Loisirs, Bayard and lately by Pocket.
Marie-Aude Murail directs Emilien Pardini, a boy aged fourteen at the beginning of the series, who lives alone with his mother Sylvie. The various books follow him throughout his teen years. Marie-Aude Murail exploits all the dramatic and comical resources of a contemporary single-parent family.
The series was republished in the Neuf collection (2006).
Alongside the "Emiliens", Marie-Aude Murail initiates an adventure series in which Nils Hazard, an etruscologist and teacher at the Sorbonne University, assisted by ex-student Catherine Roque, now his secretary and girlfriend, has to solve detective plots.
Marie-Aude Murail widens the range of her production, exploring a slightly fantastic daily life first in "Ma vie a changé" (1997), staging a librarian struggling with a domestic elf, then definitely delirious when this daily life mixes with vampires ("Amour, vampire et loup-garou", 1998) or aliens ("Tom Lorient", 1998). In 2002, teenagers' craving for video games inspired "Golem", where virtual reality bursts in the real world. Golem was also a three-person writing experience. Brother and sisters expressed, each in their own way, how they felt about it (see the writer's website). Marie-Aude led another writing project with her brother Lorris during the following year ("L'expérienceur", 2003).
"Golem" begins when Majid Badach, a young boy who lives in Hummingbird Tower on the Moreland estate, wins a computer from Priceshrinkers, apparently a trustworthy company. One of his teachers, Hugh Mullins, helps him setting it up. Only one day, while they are chatting on the Internet, a video game sets in and runs on its own: Golem. Majid's life, along with his teacher's, turn on a dime ...
After "Jésus, comme un roman ..." (1997), Marie-Aude Murail wrote a six-episode series published by Je Bouquine during the two last months of the second millennium. Marie-Aude Murail plunged her readers into six different periods of History ("D'amour et de sang", 1999). She then paid homage to her favorite novelist and « heavenly father » ("Charles Dickens", 2005), and took her readers back to 19th-century England with the autobiography of a Victorian illustrator, inspired by the life of Beatrix Potter ("Miss Charity", 2008)
Even though her readers, who have quite grown up in twenty years, often ask her about Emilien, Martine-Marie or Nils, Marie-Aude Murail now changes time and space with each novel. Although the teen age and its route still make the very heart of her books, family, social and political considerations are now finding their way into her work. She now uses the strength of experience and current events, whether the topic is undocumented children and the necessarily enshrined school system ("Vive la République!", 2005), or a company and a kindergarten being submitted to the same imperatives of « globalisation » and « working more » ("Papa et maman sont dans un bateau", spring 2009), yet never being short of humor. Despite the seriousness of the issues in question, her « dramatic pedagogy of life » is neither bleak nor heavy : Marie-Aude Murail thinks a fictional work intended for children has no need of sad endings. She sincerely thinks that it would be malpractice. This might be the writer's only ethical principle, driven by her characters' lives and the dynamics they imprint on her writing. Thus « life, Life » are Miss Charity's very last words.
Her first novel for young readers is a tale parody, published by Gallimard :
Afterwards, she wrote eleven «Mouche » and two « Neuf », published by L'Ecole des Loisirs :
In addition to five short stories published by Astrapi, Marie-Aude Murail wrote over twenty illustrated stories in monthly magazine J'aime Lire (“from 7 years-old on”), most of which were republished as books by Bayard.
Je Bouquine, a magazine edited by the same publisher, often publishes her stories, longer and intended for older readers (10–15 years old).
Marie-Aude Murail also took an interest in teaching how to read. Teamed up during five years with primary teacher Christine Thiéblemont from Orléans, then joined by educational counselor Patricia Bucheton, she wrote a reading course book for first graders, the “Bulle” textbook, published by Bordas. Marie-Aude Murail revealed her motives and her contribution to this common experience as a children's writer in an interview that can be found on the website of La Charte des auteurs et illustrateurs jeunesse, an association she is involved in. The Bulle course book is characterized by the role given to children's literature and reading aloud in the development of infantile imagination. Marie-Aude Murail discusses this in a video. 
Marie-Aude Murail hasn't stopped thinking, since she wrote her literature thesis, about the purpose of her work. Thereupon she wrote articles, conferences and even books. She wrote a first one in 1993, in which she drew the results of her encounters with her readership, and another one ten years later, rather dedicated to the convictions that made her, as she had already written in the conclusion of her thesis, “remain in childhood”. From the viewpoint that has been hers since she was 25, she has nonetheless kept her readership growing, her readers staying faithful as they grow up.
A recognized work.
Oh, boy! Is her most sold and translated book. It was adapted for television by director Thierry Binisti, produced by K'ien Productions. Most of her books received various prizes, in France and abroad, since they were exported, in Europe and beyond, and translated to about fifteen languages. Simple, Tobias Scheffel's German translation of Simple, received the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis, bestowed by a jury of German teenagers during the Frankfurt Book Fair. The French version had already received the Prix des lycéens alllemands during the Leipzig book fair in 2006.
Nowadays, Marie-Aude Murail sells about 200,000 books each year in France.
In 2004, Marie-Aude Murail was granted the distinction of Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur, in recognition of her whole career.

</doc>
<doc id="20828869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828869" title="Sundew (disambiguation)">
Sundew (disambiguation)

Sundew can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20828880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828880" title="Guasimal, Sancti Spíritus">
Guasimal, Sancti Spíritus

Guasimal is a village ("consejo popular") of the municipality of Sancti Spíritus, Sancti Spíritus Province, Cuba. The town has a population of 5,000 people. Che Guevara established his first guerrilla camp near the town. 
Aero Caribbean Flight 883 crashed near Guasimal in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20828885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828885" title="Tabataba suivi de pawana">
Tabataba suivi de pawana

Tabataba suivi de pawana is the title of two short stories "Tabataba" followed by "Pawana"("Awaité Pawana")in one book written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio ."Tabataba" was written by Bernard-Marie Koltès and Hector Poullet.
Plot summary.
Hector Poullet says that even if we choose the Creole expressions which are basically from Creole of the archipelago of Guadeloupe, we do not always find the right translation in other varieties of Creole.territories such as:
have their own creole languages which each have their own words that need to be drawn into the story to help retelling. 
Theater.
"Tabataba" was originally written for the stage by Bernard-Marie Koltès and was published by Koltes Edicion Conmemorativa, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20828886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828886" title="Spirit of Manila Airlines">
Spirit of Manila Airlines

Spirit of Manila Airlines Corporation, operating as Spirit of Manila Airlines, is a low-cost airline based in Roxas Sea Front Garden in Pasay City, Philippines. Its main hub is Clark International Airport. The airlines adopts the slogan: "I am going home" as its tagline.
Destinations.
Spirit of Manila Airlines serves the following destinations:
Operations.
Airline operations are currently not active but expected to resume in 2012. (As of July 2013, it appears Spirit of Manila is no longer operating
Fleet.
The fleets of Spirit of Manila Airlines:

</doc>
<doc id="20828913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828913" title="My Baby Loves Lovin'">
My Baby Loves Lovin'

"My Baby Loves Lovin'" was the top selling single for the group White Plains. The song was written by Roger Cook and Roger Greenaway, recorded on 26 October 1969, and was released on 9 January 1970 on the Decca Records imprint, Deram Records.
Tracklisting.
7" Vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="20828931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828931" title="Gerry McInerney (Galway hurler)">
Gerry McInerney (Galway hurler)

Gerry McInerney (born 1965 in Kinvara, County Galway) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Kinvara and with the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s. McInerney won back-to-back All-Ireland winners' medals with Galway in 1987 and 1988. At the age of 42 he was the player-coach for the 2007 Kinvara squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20828942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828942" title="California's 32nd congressional district special election, 2009">
California's 32nd congressional district special election, 2009

California's 32nd congressional district special election, 2009 occurred on July 14, 2009, to fill the vacancy in California's 32nd congressional district. The election was won by Democrat Judy Chu, who became the first Chinese American woman elected to serve in Congress.
Background and procedures.
The election resulted from Hilda Solis's resignation to become Secretary of Labor following her confirmation on February 24, 2009. The election was called to fill the rest of her term, which on January 3, 2011.
On March 10, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger called for the special primary election to be held on May 19, the same day as a statewide special election. If a candidate received the majority of votes in the primary election he or she would have been declared the winner and no runoff would have been held. Since no candidate won a majority, the candidates that won the most votes in each party appeared on the ballot for the general runoff election, held on July 14.
Candidates.
A total of 13 candidates registered for the special election, of which only three qualified for the runoff general election. One additional candidate registered only for the general election.
Primary campaign.
The campaign to replace Solis began as soon as her nomination to Obama's cabinet was announced.
State Senator (and former Majority Leader) Gloria Romero, whose 24th State Senate district overlaps the congressional district, became the first politician to express interest in running for the open seat. On December 18, 2008, the day that Solis's selection first became known, Romero said, "I have deep roots, and I would certainly give it every consideration. Definitely, I am interested". The same State Senate seat was previously held by Solis. Of the many possible contenders, Romero said, "I can beat them all". However, on January 8, Romero decided not to run for the seat, opting to try for California State Superintendent of Public Instruction instead.
On December 22, Judy Chu, Chair of the State Board of Equalization, announced that she would run in the special election. She said, "I've decided to heed those calls supporters. I know this district very, very well and I believe the people of this district know me and know I'm very devoted to the San Gabriel Valley". The congressional district makeup was 48% Latino and 13% Asian. She began campaigning heavily, and captured the endorsements of several San Gabriel Valley politicos. (The following month, Chu became Vice Chair of the Board of Equalization.)
On January 8, 2009, State Senator Gil Cedillo announced he was running. He was endorsed by Romero once she decided not to run, and the race was largely viewed as a contest between Chu and Cedillo. Cedillo collected the endorsements of several local mayors.
On January 7, the day before, Emanuel Pleitez, a 26-year-old member of the Barack Obama presidential transition team for the U.S. Treasury Department, had declared his intentions to run. A young banker who left Goldman Sachs, Pleitez is a native of the district. Pleitez ran a more grassroots campaign, relying on a steady flow of volunteers and various individuals making any contribution to his efforts. The Huffington Post said if elected, he would become the second member of the Millennial generation to serve in Congress. By late March, the Pleitez campaign had about 20 full-time staffers and many volunteers; it was also the first campaign of the 32nd Congressional district to open a campaign office, and launched a modern website before any candidate.
By late January, Blanca Rubio, president of the Baldwin Park Unified School District Board of Education, also said she was running. However, she was not mentioned in subsequent press reports about the election. In late March, she said she was withdrawing from the race for family reasons and endorsed Chu.
Others who had been mentioned as possible candidates for the seat included Assemblyman Charles M. Calderon, his brothers Senator Ronald S. Calderon and former Assemblyman Thomas M. Calderon (both Ronald and Thomas Calderon subsequently declined to run and endorsed Cedillo instead), Assemblyman Edward Hernandez (who subsequently declined to run and endorsed Chu instead), Chu's husband, Assemblyman Mike Eng, and former Assemblyman Ed Chavez (who subsequently declined to run and endorsed Cedillo instead). Candidates from outside the congressional district were also permitted by law.
No major Republicans indicated that they would run in the special election. The Republican who were candidates were former Covina mayor David Truax, accountant Jim Hetzel, and business owner Teresa Hernandez. Hetzel and Hernandez were political newcomers, and these were the first Republicans to vie for the seat since 2002.
As the only Libertarian Party candidate, Christopher Agrella, a businessman, was guaranteed to move on to any general election from the primary. Agrella said his top priorities if elected would be to bring about real government accountability, balance the federal budget by cutting out waste, and repeal the federal tax code in its entirety.
Turnout in special elections is almost always low, and support from organized labor was seen as crucial in helping to get out a candidate's vote. On January 26, Chu received the coveted endorsement of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor. Cedillo replied that he had a long association with the labor movement and that, "At the end of the day, people know me as a public servant who delivers and not as a politician." Somewhat ironically, all of this campaign activity had taken place before there was any official vacancy in the seat, as Solis's confirmation process was being held up in the United States Senate. Solis herself decline to endorse any of the potential replacements for her, although Chu suggested that the congresswoman would prefer her.
On February 24, 2009, the special election finally became a certainty, with Solis's long confirmation process coming to a successful close. 
Chu formally announced her candidacy on February 27, stating, "It occurred to me this seat would open, and who could carry on ... [Solis'] desire to represent the constituents?"
Cedillo formally announced his candidacy on March 7 at a rally in El Monte.
The first candidates' forum was held on March 19 in Cypress Park, Los Angeles, sponsored by the Southwest Voter Registration Education Project. Only Cedillo, Chu, and Pleitez were invited. By late March, Cedillo and Chu had each raised several hundred thousand dollars and were widely viewed as the frontrunners. A fellow of the Rose Institute of State and Local Government characterized the contest by saying: "When people talk about this race, there's Cedillo and Chu, then there's Pleitez, and then there's everybody else." 
Through the end of March, Chu had raised $770,000, Cedillo $568,000, and Pleitez $153,000. One political analyst commented ruefully, "It does not take a lot of money in these low turn out races, but that doesn't mean a lot of money isn't going to be spent." 
By April 6, the official filing deadline for the primary, twelve candidates had filed for the race, comprising eight Democrats, three Republicans, and one Libertarian. Chu and Cedillo were still considered the front-runners, with each having raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for their campaigns. Judy Chu's task was complicated by the appearance of her cousin-in-law, Betty Chu, a Republican Monterey Park City Council member and former mayor, on the ballot as well. Benita Duran entered the race as the last candidate for the 32nd Congressional district. She was the former deputy district director for Solis' congressional office and staged a grassroots campaign for the seat.
By early May, Cedillo and Chu were battling each other via campaign mailers, with Cedillo putting out attacks on Chu that included unrelated headlines from articles about the financial crisis of 2007–2010. Cedillo also put out a mailer against Pleitez that represented one of the first uses of in American politics of Facebook photographs for opposition research and negative campaigning. Cedillo's material likened Pleitez's socializing to "Animal House" and accused Pleitez of flashing gang signs. Chu had the endorsement of Mayor of Los Angeles Antonio Villaraigosa. While Solis herself continued to remain neutral, Solis' husband, parents, and siblings all endorsed Chu.
Primary results.
In the May 19 primary, Democrat Judy Chu led all candidates, but failed to gain enough to prevent a runoff general election. Betty Chu qualified as the Republican candidate for the runoff and Christopher Agrella qualified as the Libertarian.
General election campaign.
Not much media attention was given to the general election race due to the district's heavily Democratic lean. The "San Gabriel Valley Tribune" dubbed the race "The Chu Chu train" in reference to the same last names of the two major candidates, while a campaign consultant referred to it as "The Chu-Chu runoff". With expected turnout at the 10 percent level, one analyst dismissed the possible name confusion effect on voters: "When you’re dealing with that low of turnout, you’re dealing with a sophisticated, knowledgeable electorate." Despite their relation by marriage, the two women did not know each other well nor like each other. Judy May Chu accused Betty Tom Chu of dropping her middle name "Tom" in order to play further upon the name similarity, a charge that Betty Chu sternly denied.
At a June 23 debate featuring the three candidates, the two Chus presented conflicting views on term limits, the Employee Free Choice Act, and universal health care. Following the debate, while Betty Chu remained in the area, Judy Chu flew to Washington, D.C., to meet with Democratic leaders, indicating her confidence in winning the race.
With the election looming, Judy Chu has actually downsized her headquarters, again signaling her confidence in winning the heavily democratic district. On the other side, Betty Chu opened a campaign headquarters, and Libertarian candidate Christopher Agrella operated his low-tech campaign out of a storage shed. While Judy Chu was considered to be the clear front-runner, she said she was not taking anything for granted; much of her campaigning involved phone calls to voters and fundraising. Betty Chu also worked to raise funds and to get her message out, telling voters that she had a great deal of experience as a long-time attorney, banker, entrepreneur, and elected official. Agrella continued to run what he called a "shoe-string" campaign, trying to get his name known in the district.
A forum, sponsored by the American Legion, was held between Betty Chu and Christopher Agrella. Judy Chu was originally scheduled to participate but dropped out to do a fundraiser. Judy Chu also did not attend a forum sponsored by Looking Green, leading to the cancellation of the forum, since the remaining candidates felt it was unnecessary due to their similar positions on the issues. The Judy Chu campaign explained their reason for not attending was to spend the last days of the campaign contacting voters and making sure they show up for the election, which was expected to have low turnout.
Fundraising reports indicated that Judy Chu had raised $1.3 million from individuals (constituting about three-quarters), PACs, and unions. The amount was more than expected and budgeted for the race by the campaign. The campaign indicated that $1 million was spent in the primary, and $200,000 spent in the general election.
Betty Chu spent around $75,000 on efforts to get her name known in the district with billboards, mailers, and TV ads. Much of the spent monies were personal loans. The Betty Chu campaign missed one filing deadline with the Federal Election Commission.
With turnout expected not to be higher than 10%, or 25,000 or so votes, both Chus were working to ensure their constituents turned out on election day. The general election was considered less relevant than the primary by the voters, with the Judy Chu campaign acknowledging that many of the voters they had talked to thought the primary in May was the end of the election. While Judy Chu was pushing to ensure loyal Democrats come to the polls, Betty Chu worked to get Republicans, unmotivated to show up by the district's Democratic tilt, to flock to the polls and perhaps pull off a long-shot upset. Over 10,000 absentee ballots were filed, with about half from Democrats, a third from Republicans, and the remaining from unaffiliated voters.
External links.
Former candidates:

</doc>
<doc id="20828953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20828953" title="Drosera (disambiguation)">
Drosera (disambiguation)

Drosera may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829002" title="Anthony Cunningham">
Anthony Cunningham

Anthony Cunningham (born 1965) is an Irish former hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Galway senior hurling team. 
Cunningham made his first appearance for the team during the 1984-85 National League and became a regular member of the starting fifteen over the next decade. During that time he won two All-Ireland winners' medals and one National Hurling League winners' medals. He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on four occasions.
At club level Cunnigham played with the St. Thomas's club.
In retirement from playing Cunningham has become involved in team management and coaching. At club level he has guided St. Brigid's in Roscommon and Garrycastle in Westmeath to respective provincial successes. At inter-county levels Cunningham began as manager of the Roscommon senior hurling team. He is the current manager of the Galway under-21 and senior hurling teams.
Playing career.
Minor and under-21.
Cunningham first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Galway minor hurling team as a sixteen year-old in 1981. He made his debut that year as Galway reached the All-Ireland final for the first time in eight years. Kilkenny were the opponents and went on to win the game by 1-20 to 3-9.
Galway were back in a second successive All-Ireland minor decider again in 1982 as Tipperary provided the opposition. A complete collapse by Galway resulted in a 2-7 to 0-4 defeat.
In 1983 Cunningham was in his final year on the minor team when he was appointed captain. Galway reached a third consecutive All-Ireland decider, this time with Dublin providing the opposition. A 0-10 to 0-7 victory spared Galway the unwanted distinction of losing three successive championship deciders, while it also gave Cunningham a coveted All-Ireland medal as captain.
Cunningham subsequently joined the Galway under-21 hurling team. After a few unsuccessful seasons he was appointed captain in his final year on the team in 1986. Galway qualified for the All-Ireland final that year with Wexford providing the opposition. A 1-14 to 2-5 victory gave Galway the title and gave Cunningham an All-Ireland medal in the under-21 grade.
Senior.
Cunningham made his senior debut for Galway in a National Hurling League game against Tipperary in 1984 and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen. In spite of an indifferent league campaign during the 1984-85 season, Galway subsequently qualified for the All-Ireland final against Offaly. Cunningham came on as a substitute in that game, however, Offaly won by 2-11 to 1-12.
In 1986 Galway qualified for a second successive All-Ireland decider, this time with Cunningham as a member of the starting fifteen. The men from the west were the red-hot favourites against an aging Cork team, however, on the day a different story unfolded. Four Cork goals, one from John Fenton, two from Tomás Mulcahy and one from Kevin Hennessy, stymied the Galway attack and helped ‘the Rebels’ to a 4-13 to 2-15 victory.
Cunningham enjoyed his first senior success with Galway in 1987 when he won a National League winners' medal following a two-point defeat of Clare. For the third year-in-a-row Galway reached the All-Ireland final. The prospect of becoming the first team to lose three consecutive championship deciders weighed heavily on the Galway team as Kilkenny provided the opposition. The game was not a classic by any standard and Noel Lane got a key goal for Galway nine minutes before the end. A 1-12 to 0-9 victory gave Cunningham his first All-Ireland winners' medal.
Galway reached a fourth successive All-Ireland final in 1988 and were presented with the chance of becoming the first Galway team to retain the title. After more than a decade-and-a-half in the wilderness Tipperary were back providing the opposition. Noel Lane again scored the crucial goal for Galway while Nicky English sent a late Tipp penalty over the bar for a point. A 1-15 to 0-14 score line resulted in victory for Galway and a second All-Ireland winners' medal for Cunningham.
A third successive All-Ireland title proved beyond Galway, however, the team bounced back and reached the championship decider again in 1990. Cork were the opponents, however, Galway were the favourites. Shortly after half-time Galway were up by seven points and were cruising to victory. Tomás Mulcahy, however, played a captain’s role and scored a crucial goal that revitalised the Cork attack. The final score of 5-15 to 2-21 gave Cork the victory and a third All-Ireland final defeat for Cunningham. 
Following this defeat Cunningham fell out of favour with the Galway selectors. He remained on the panel for another few years and was an unused substitute when Kilkenny defeated Galway in the 1993 All-Ireland decider. He retired from inter-county hurling following this defeat.
Inter-provincial.
Cunningham also lined out with Connact in the inter-provincial championship. He won his first Railway Cup medal in 1986 as Connacht defeated Munster by 3-11 to 0-11.
Connacht made it two-in-a-row in 1987, with Cunningham collecting a second Railway Cup medal following a 2-14 to 1-14 defeat of Leinster.
After defeat in 1988, Connacht returned to the final again the following year. A thrilling 4-16 to 3-17 defeat of Munster gave Cunningham a third Railway Cup medal.
No championship took place in 1990, however, Connacht were back in a sixth final in seven years in 1991. Cunningham was once again on the team, and he collected a fourth Railway Cup medal following a 1-13 to 0-12 defeat of Munster.
Managerial career.
Roscommon.
Cunningham took over as manager of the Roscommon senior hurling team in 2004. He enjoyed little success in his first season with 'the Rossies' making little progress in the 'B' championship.
In 2005 Roscommon contested the newly established Christy Ring Cup. After losing three of their group stage games, Cunningham's side faced a relegation battle which they just about survived.
St. Brigid's.
After guiding the St. Brigid's under-21 football team to the championship title in 2005, Cunningham was appointed manager of the club's senior team in 2006. The pressure was on for Cunningham in his debut season, as St. Brigid's were already the reigning county champions. A 1-7 to 1-5 defeat of St. Faithleach's in the 2007 decider secured a second successive championship for St. Brigid's. Cunningham's side later claimed the Connacht title following a one-point defeat of Corofin.
In 2007 Cunningham's side made it three county championships-in-a-row following another defeat of St. Faithleach's.
Four-in-a-row proved beyond St. Brigid's and Cunningham stepped down as manager in 2008.
Garrycastle.
Following his successful stint with St. Brigid's, Cunningham was appointed manager of the Garrycastle senior football team in early 2009. Once again success was immediate. In his debut season Cunningham guided Garrycastle to the county championship title following a 3-8 to 0-6 defeat of St. Loman's.
Cunningham guided Garrycastle to a second successive county championship in 2010 following a 2-9 to 1-8 defeat of Mullingar Shamrocks.
The success continued for Cunningham's side once again in 2011. A 1-9 to 0-9 defeat of Mullingar Shamrocks after a draw and a replay gave Garrycastle an historic third championship title in succession. Garrycastle later secured the Leinster title following a narrow 1-8 to 0-10 defeat of Dublin's St. Brigid's. After three years at the helm, Cunningham finally guided Garrycastle to the All-Ireland final. Crossmaglen Rangers were the opponents and a 0-15 to 1-12 draw was the result. In spite of leading by four points in the first game, Cunningham's side were comprehensively defeated by 2-19 to 1-7 in the replay.
Galway under-21.
In March 2009 Cunningham was appointed manager of the Galway under-21 hurling team for a two-year term. After exiting the championship at the first hurdle in 2009, Cunningham guided Galway to the All-Ireland decider the following year. Tipperary were the opponents and went on to trounce Galway by 5-22 to 0-12.
In late 2010 Cunningham was re-appointed manager for a further two-year term. In third season Cunningham guided Galway to a second successive All-Ireland final, this time with Dublin providing the opposition. A 3-14 to 1-10 victory gave Gslway their tenth All-Ireland title.
Galway senior.
On the 27 October 2011, Cunningham was appointed as the Galway Senior Hurling Manager.
In November 2011 Cunningham dropped one third of the team which featured against Waterford in the 2011 All-Ireland SHC quarter-final defeat from his 37-man training squad for the 2012 season.
In his first season as manager he guided Galway to win their first ever Leinster Hurling Championship against Kilkenny and all the way to the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final where they were defeated in a replay by Kilkenny.
2013 proved to be more difficult for Anthony Cunningham. He maintained Galway's top flight status in Division 1A of the Allianz Hurling League with wins over Kilkenny and Waterford and a draw against Cork. This was followed by a League semi-final defeat, in which Kilkenny easily defeated Galway on a scoreline of 1-24 to 1-17. However, questions were raised of Galway's over-reliance on Joe Canning for scores.
Galway opened their 2013 Championship campaign against hurling minnows Laois, where they won - somewhat unconvincingly - on a scoreline of 2-17 to 1-13. This was followed by a humiliating defeat at the hands of Dublin in the Leinster Senior Hurling Championship Final. Following the defeat questions were raised over Anthony Cunningham's team selections over the year, most notably from former Galway hurler Sylvie Linnane, who raised questions over the inconsistent selection of the backs. Both Tony Óg Regan and Niall Donoghue, both of whom gained an All Star nomination for their performances the previous year, weren't selected for the game against Dublin. As a result of the defeat, Galway were drawn against Clare in the All Ireland Quarter Final. Another humiliating defeat followed. Again, the selection of the team drew the attention of pundits, as a total of six changes were made from the previous outing. 

</doc>
<doc id="20829011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829011" title="Hatfield Heath">
Hatfield Heath

Hatfield Heath is a village located in the county of Essex, UK with a population of approximately 1500 people. The village sits close to the border of Hertfordshire and Essex and is within close proximity of the towns of Bishop's Stortford and Chelmsford. Stansted Airport lies approximately to the North.
The M11 motorway crosses the village in two locations – over the Stortford Road and over the Sawbridgeworth Road.
The village has social and business communities. Local businesses include: Chinese and Indian Restaurants; a chip shop; three public houses; a post office; doctors surgery, 2 churches, a village hall, a primary school, hairdressers, two hotels, and Tea rooms and Hatfield Heath Farmers' Market - a monthly market consisting of all local food and craft producers
Transport.
Bus.
Bus travel is the only form of public transport in the village, and is vital for younger and elderly residents. The most frequent bus services are the Route 59 operating hourly between Harlow and Chelmsford and the 5 operating hourly between Bishops Stortford and Saffron Walden and serving Stansted Airport.
You can also see the List of bus routes in Essex.
Rail.
The nearest railway stations to Hatfield Heath are:

</doc>
<doc id="20829018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829018" title="John Le Fleming">
John Le Fleming

John Le Fleming (23 October 1865 - 7 October 1942) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket for Kent and represented England at rugby union. He also went by the name Jack Le Fleming.
Le Fleming was capped just once for England, in the 1887 Home Nations Championship game against Wales. 
A right-handed batsman, Le Fleming played with Kent from 1889 to 1899 and his brother Lawrence also played for the county. He scored his only first-class century in the County Championship against Sussex in 1892, finishing with 134.

</doc>
<doc id="20829020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829020" title="St. Michael's Church, Mumbai">
St. Michael's Church, Mumbai

St. Michael's Church is one of the oldest Catholic churches as well as one of oldest existing Portuguese buildings in Mumbai. The church is situated in Mahim, located at the intersection of L.J. Road and Mahim Causeway. Due to its location, it is also informally known as Mahim Church. The church is famous for its Novenas on Wednesdays, which is visited by thousands.
The church, originally built in 1534, is rebuilt a number of times, the present structure dating to 1973. The church also served a refuge to popular icon of the Virgin Mary from Our Lady of the Mount chapel, Bandra from 1739 to 1761. In 1853, the Church witnessed a showdown between vicars Apostolic and the Portuguese padroado order for the control of the Church. In recent history, on 27 June, 2008, thousands of devotees visited the Church to see a reported "bleeding" Jesus Christ's portrait, which was termed as a "miracle" by devotees. Though on further investigation, the red spots on the picture showed no traces of blood.
Novena.
Not only Christians, but also adherents of other faiths congregate to pay their respects to the Virgin Mary and attend mass every Wednesday. Devotees believe that visiting the Church on nine consecutive Wednesdays (Novena) will grant their wishes. They offer floral garlands according to the Hindu customs and repeat prayers before the image. Some of them offer wax figures of what they desire, for example, a wax house. According to Father Hugh Fonseca, around 40-50,000 devotees visit the church every week.
The weekly Novena services were started in 1948, when a priest Fr. Edward Placidus Fernandes from Mumbai noticed a similar ritual celebrating "Our Lady of Perpetual Succour" at Belfast, Northern Ireland, during his visit to Europe. Fr. Fernandes brought with him a picture touched to the original Our Lady of Perpetual Succour picture at Rome. On the 8th of September, 1948 - the Birthday of Mary, concurrent with a Wednesday that year, Fr. Fernandes as the vicar held the first Novena services. Initially, only two services were held every Wednesday, but today from 8:30 am to 10:30 pm, the thirteen services are held in various languages: English, Konkani, Marathi, Tamil and Hindi.
History.
The original St. Michael's Church is believed to have been built in 1534 by António do Porto, a church builder of the Franciscan Order. Back then, the Church also served as Franciscan convent and was based on the bank of river Mandave. It is described to be a "large and beautiful church ... with large veranda before the portal ..." Since then, St. Michael's was frequently rebuilt, retaining nothing but just original plan.
When the Marathas conquered Salsette in 1739, Our Lady of the Mount chapel in Bandra was destroyed by the Portuguese at the instance of the British so that its location remained secret to the Marathas. In this time, St. Michael's Church was the refuge place for the image of the "Blessed Virgin" from the chapel. The image remained in St. Michael's till 1761, when it was moved to its present structure in Bandra.
In 1853, St. Michael's Church witnessed a struggle between Bishop Anastasius Hartmann and the "padroado" order. St. Michael's was in control of the vicars apostolic for nearly 60 years. In 1853, a discontented group decided that the control be handed over to the padroado party. To prevent this, Hartmann as the vicars's leader, went to the church and declared that "he would rather die a martyr than surrender the church to the schismatics". Hartmann and his followers stayed in the church with enough food and water for 15 days. Hartmann's opponents had laid "siege" to the church in this period, blocking all entrances. On the 15th day, civil authorities intervened and insisted that the church be reopened. Following this, Hartmann lost control of the church, passing it to "padroado" order.
In his 1917 book, Sheppard remarks that St. Michael's was situated on the Portuguese Church Street and is one of the four "only known Portuguese buildings; and of these no distinguishing original feature survives, as they were much rebuilt". The present structure of St. Michaels was rebuilt in 1973.
Reported "Bleeding" Christ picture.
On 27 June, 2008, thousands of devotees visited St. Michael's to see the picture of Jesus called "the Divine Mercy". The picture showed some red spots which were believed to be blood near the heart of Jesus. The spots were noticed on the day at 8.30 pm on the occasion of the feast of Our Lady of Perpetual Help and were termed as a "miracle" by devotees. Not only Chiristians, but also Hindus and Muslims from Maharashtra and the neighbouring states of Goa, Karnataka and Gujarat, visited the Church to catch a glimpse of the picture. The queue to St. Michael's extended more than a kilometre.
Parish Priest Father Raphael and Father Doneth D'Souza from the St. Michael's church as well as Archbishop cardinal Oswald Gracias declined the miracle claim. Fr. D'Souza explained "It's not a blood stain and it's also not a miracle. Every image of Divine Mercy has a red halo around the heart and in this case, the red colour has run because of the moisture in the air. It will look like a blood stain, but it's not." 
The image was removed and sent to a scientific analysis on the orders of Oswald Gracias. The result of that study was released in the September archdiocesan weekly and it said that the tests “established that there are no traces of blood in the red rays emanating from the Heart of Jesus in this image of Divine Mercy". Monsoon humidity and changes in the air quality were the suspected causes, Oswald Gracias did not explain the exact reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20829028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829028" title="Oboes in popular music">
Oboes in popular music

The oboe and its alto version, the so-called "English horn," are instruments generally associated with art music, but they have been used sporadically in popular music recordings, generally by (often uncredited) studio musicians on recordings of specific songs. 
In the late 1960s and 1970s, several bands emerged that featured oboists as members, including The Moody Blues (Ray Thomas), Henry Cow (Lindsay Cooper), New York Rock & Roll Ensemble (Martin Fulterman and Michael Kamen), Roxy Music (Andy Mackay), Electric Light Orchestra (Roy Wood), Wizzard (Roy Wood), and Japan (Mick Karn). The oboists in these bands generally used the oboe as a secondary instrument, not playing it on every song. Japan and Roxy Music, however, did use the oboe quite frequently. However, Iva Davies, the frontman of the Australian rock band Icehouse (formerly "Flowers) studied oboe at the Sydney Conservatorium and played both oboe and cor anglais in many of the band's songs.
Since the 1990s, the oboe has been used in rock most notably by Sigur Rós (played by Kjartan Sveinsson), as well as by indie rock musician Sufjan Stevens (who also plays cor anglais and often overdubs both instruments on his albums). Jarlaath, the vocalist of the French gothic metal band Penumbra, plays the oboe in a number of the band's songs, as does Robbie J. de Klerk, the vocalist of the Dutch melodic doom/death metal band Another Messiah. In America, a band called Hoboe defines itself as a rock band showcasing amplified oboe, fronted by oboist Zen Ben.[http://www.hoboe.com]. The band Liminal Phase uses amplified oboe, played by Lisa Hirst Carnes along with bassoon, harmonium, cello, keys, guitar, drums & noise to create an electronic chamber sound.
Below is a historical sampling of songs and albums in which the oboe (ob) or English horn (Eh) is featured: 

</doc>
<doc id="20829032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829032" title="Voyage au pays des arbres">
Voyage au pays des arbres

Voyage au pays des arbres is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio. A little boy is bored and dreams of traveling deep into the forest, where he meets a profound old oak and gets invited to a party by some young trees

</doc>
<doc id="20829034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829034" title="Who Stole the Kishka?">
Who Stole the Kishka?

Who Stole the Kishka?, originally spelled "Who Stole the Keeshka?" is a traditional polka tune, written by Walter Dana (music), and by Walter Solek (lyrics), and recorded and performed by various bands. One popular version was familiar to American radio audiences from a 1963 recording by Grammy award-winning polka artist Frankie Yankovic.
According to an obituary for Walt Solek who wrote and recorded the song, "Keeshka always gets the crowd going at a Polkaholics show as it has since it was recorded in the 1950s with English lyrics!"
The song ends with the pleading refrain "but please bring back my kishka".

</doc>
<doc id="20829062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829062" title="Canaan (anime)">
Canaan (anime)

Canaan is a 13-episode anime television series, conceptualized by Type-Moon co-founders Kinoko Nasu and Takashi Takeuchi, based on the scenario that they created for the Nintendo Wii visual novel "", which is noted for being one of the few games to have been awarded a perfect score by games publication "Famitsu". The series spawned manga and light novel adaptations.
A sequel to the "428: Fūsa Sareta Shibuya de" game, it centers on three women and how they are connected together to an upcoming anti-terrorism summit in Shanghai, China. One of them is Canaan, a Middle Eastern assassin and mercenary. Another is Alphard, Canaan's rival and also a skilled assassin and mercenary while heading a terrorist organization called Snake. The final girl is Maria Ōsawa, a victim of an attempted biological terrorist attack in the streets of Shibuya two years ago. Their encounters lead to armed interventions between Canaan and Alphard with a deep and tragic history in common.
Plot.
Two years after the events of "428: Fūsa Sareta Shibuya de", Maria Ōsawa and Minoru Minorikawa are dispatched as reporters to Shanghai in order to cover the upcoming Shanghai NBCR International Anti-Terrorist Conference. Prior to their current assignment, both Maria and Minoru were survivors of the Shibuya bio-terrorism incident, where Maria was kidnapped by terrorists and was infected by the Ua virus but was cured by her scientist father using an experimental anti-Ua virus vaccine. On her first day in Shanghai, Maria is targeted by masked assassins but saved by a Middle Eastern girl named Canaan, whom she befriended in the Middle East prior to the events of "428: Fūsa Sareta Shibuya de" and her Shanghai trip.
Their presence in the city is being overshadowed by a mysterious event being planned by Alphard, Canaan's rival. Unknown to the two, Alphard is preparing a big plot related to the anti-terrorist summit after being rescued by Cummings and Liang Qi, a pair of mercenaries and Alphard's allies. Maria's life was placed in danger once more when Snake assassins were dispatched to harm her, placing Canaan at the forefront of it all in order to protect her friend. Minoru investigates a strange purple mark that he spotted from one of the assassins Canaan had killed recently, tying it back to the events in Shibuya.
Canaan and Alphard continue to violently confront one another before and after the terrorist attack on the anti-terrorist summit, the latter trying to make Canaan fight her with all of her strength. The reason for their rivalry was Siam, a mercenary and mentor to Canaan, who was gunned down by Alphard during a joint mission together in an attempt to forge her own path without being influenced by Siam as she also was raised by him with the name "Canaan" once before she discarded it for her current name. Canaan later goes on a journey with Mino, Maria and several others to Western China where a new Ua virus was first used to find out about its origin and track down Alphard.
After Maria and Minoru made their safe return to Japan from their journey in China, Maria opened a photo gallery and reflected on the friendship she and Canaan shared. One of the portraits she had for public display was named "Canaan". It consisted of pictures of Alphard, who was formerly known as Canaan, and the Canaan she knew back from her Middle East trip.
Development.
The series was known in its initial planning stages as "428 the animation" when it was first announced in "Newtype"'s October 2008 issue and by Sega at the 2008 Tokyo Games Show, where a trailer for the series was aired and announced as an adaptation of Type-Moon's original scenario for the game. The title was subsequently changed in December of the same year to "Canaan", with Sega also announcing that they would host a booth for the series in the 2008 Winter Comiket, where DVDs featuring specials and trailers for the show, packaged with a booklet featuring original character designs by Takashi Takeuchi and completed animation designs by animator Kanami Sekiguchi would be featured, along with CDs of the theme song, "Arousing Soul", performed by Faylan. A seventeen-second promo was subsequently streamed on the series' official website, featuring the dual DVD/CD release at Comiket. It was announced in 2009 that the show's 13 episodes would be compressed into one film. As of 2011, there is no word on the official release of the movie in Japan. 
Media.
Anime.
The series was animated by the animation studio P.A. Works, directed by Masahiro Ando, who previously directed the Bones movie "Sword of the Stranger", and features series composition by Mari Okada, who previously wrote "Vampire Knight" and "True Tears", and also features animation character designs by Kanami Sekiguchi and original music composed by Hikaru Nanase. Bee Train Digital contributed 2D graphic works for the ending theme. The opening theme is "Mind as Judgment" by Faylan and the ending theme is "My heaven" by Annabel.
Sentai Filmworks licensed the series in North America, and anime distributor Section23 Films released the series on October 26, 2010 on DVD and Blu-ray Disc. The Anime Network streamed the series on their website. In Germany, Austria and in German-speaking parts of Switzerland, "Canaan" is released by Universum Anime with four DVDs released. They are retailed with original Japanese and dubbed German audio with volume one having episode one, volume two having episodes two to five, volume three having episodes six to nine and volume four having episodes ten to thirteen. In Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, China and in Chinese-speaking communities in Malaysia and Singapore, the series is licensed for distribution by Mighty Media, which has released the series in a DVD Box Collection featuring all the episodes.
Printed media.
A manga adaptation, illustrated by Akira Ishida, was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's "Comp Ace" magazine between the August 2009 and March 2011 issues. Three "tankōbon" volumes were released between January 26, 2010 and February 26, 2010. Another manga titled , written by Chunsoft and illustrated by Jun Sasameyuki, was serialized in Bandai Visual's "Comic Gekkin" from March 1, 2010 to 2011. Two volumes were released between December 10, 2010 and May 10, 2011. Ichijinsha published an anthology titled on September 24, 2009
Two light novels were released by Kadokawa Shoten, the first on January 1, 2010 and the second on March 1, 2010. The "Canaan Official Fanbook" was released by publisher Ichijinsha on February 12, 2010. It contains character sketches of the various characters in "Canaan" with episode commentaries and interviews from the show's cast and crew.
Other.
Two volumes of "Canaan" radio DJ CDs, known officially as , were released on December 23, 2009 and February 24, 2010.
Several "Canaan" figures were released, concentrating on Canaan and Alphard. A poseable Figma Canaan figure was made by Miki Asai and released by Max Factory in November 2009. Three PVC-made figures were released by the Good Smile Company. The first PVC figure was a Nendoroid Canaan, sculpted by Reiichi Ito and released in December 2009. A regular Canaan figure soon followed, sculpted by Kunihito Iwamoto and released in January 2010. A regular Alphard figure, also sculpted by Iwamoto, was released in March 2010. Both of the figures are made on 1/8 scale.
Reception.
"Canaan"s DVD volume one was on the top 30 Japanese Animation DVD Ranking from October 19–25, 2009. In the Japan Animation Blu-ray Disc Ranking, DVD volume one limited edition was third on the top ten list from October 19–25, 2009, followed by DVD volume two limited edition at eighth place in the top ten. The limited edition release of Blu-ray volume six was ranked third on the top ten Japan Animation Blu-ray Disc Ranking from March 15–21, 2010.
At the fourth annual Seiyu Awards, Miyuki Sawashiro was announced to be the Best Leading Actress for her role as Canaan. "Canaan" was awarded at the 13th Japan Media Arts Festival Awards as part of Jury Recommended Works in Long Animation.

</doc>
<doc id="20829067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829067" title="Take a Letter Maria">
Take a Letter Maria

"Take a Letter, Maria" is a song written and recorded by R. B. Greaves, an American soul singer. The song has a Latin music flavor, complete with a mariachi-style horn section, featuring trumpets. It tells of a man who has learned of his wife's infidelity the night before, and dictates a letter of separation to Maria, his secretary. The song was on WLS from the first week of October 1969 and reached #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States in 1969 and is certified gold by the RIAA for singles sales of one million copies.
The song was recorded at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio on August 19, 1969 using the house studio musicians. These include Roger Hawkins, drums, Barry Beckett, electric piano, Eddie Hinton and Jimmy Johnson, guitars, David Hood, bass. and Mel Lastie, trumpet. 
In 1994, the song was featured in the soundtrack of The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert.
Cover versions.
"Take a Letter, Maria" has had two charted cover versions by country music singers. Anthony Armstrong Jones released a cover in 1970 from his album of the same name, reaching number 8 on the country charts with it. In 1999, Doug Stone released the song from his album "Make Up in Love", reaching number 45 on the country single charts.
The New Riders of the Purple Sage included a cover of the song on their 1975 album Oh, What a Mighty Time and as of 2012 were still performing the cover at live shows.
The alt-country supergroup The Pleasure Barons included a high-energy cover of the song on their Live in Las Vegas CD, with vocals by Country Dick Montana of the Beat Farmers.
Gary Puckett also included a cover of it on his Greatest Hits CD-1002 published by DELUXE in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20829073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829073" title="List of football clubs in Greece by major honours won">
List of football clubs in Greece by major honours won

This is a list of the major honours won by football clubs in Greece. It lists every Greek association football club to have won any of the major domestic trophies, the Greek League, the Greek Cup, the Greek Super Cup and the Greek League Cup, since Greek clubs have not won any major official European competition yet.

</doc>
<doc id="20829076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829076" title="Villa Aurore">
Villa Aurore

Villa Aurore is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
Publication history.
Nouvelle Revue Française.
Nouvelle Revue Française,350, mars: 30–50.1982

</doc>
<doc id="20829081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829081" title="Deutzia gracilis">
Deutzia gracilis

Deutzia gracilis (slender deutzia) is a plant in the hydrangea family, Hydrangeaceae.
Description.
"Deutzia gracilis" is a shrub with opposite, simple leaves, and slender, arching stems. The flowers are white, borne in spring and summer. Commonly known as a slender deutzial, it is native to Japan and blooms in April to May. 

</doc>
<doc id="20829084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829084" title="SV Grödig">
SV Grödig

Sportverein Grödig is an Austrian association football club from Grödig. The team currently competes in the Austrian Bundesliga, the highest league in Austrian football.
Current squad.
"As of 25 January, 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="20829093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829093" title="Éanna Ryan">
Éanna Ryan

Éanna Ryan (born 1963 in Killimordaly, County Galway) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Killimordaly and with the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s. Ryan won back-to-back All-Ireland winners' medals with Galway in 1987 and 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20829113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829113" title="Oliver Emert">
Oliver Emert

Oliver Emert (9 December 1902 – 13 August 1975) was an American set decorator. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "To Kill a Mockingbird".

</doc>
<doc id="20829157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829157" title="C2H5N3O2">
C2H5N3O2

C2H5N3O2 may refer to:
Compounds sharing the molecular formula:

</doc>
<doc id="20829182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829182" title="1,3-Bis(diphenylphosphino)propane">
1,3-Bis(diphenylphosphino)propane

1,3-Bis(diphenylphosphino)propane (dppp) is a diphosphine often found as a ligand in coordination chemistry. 
The diphosphine can be prepared by the reaction of lithium diphenylphosphide and 1,3-dichloropropane.
The diphosphine is a precursor to the complex dichloro(1,3-bis(diphenylphosphino)propane)nickel, which is prepared by combining equimolar portions of the ligand and nickel(II) chloride hexahydrate. This nickel complex serves as a catalyst for the Kumada coupling reaction. Dppp is also used as a ligand for palladium(II) catalysts to co-polymerize carbon monoxide and ethylene to give polyketones.

</doc>
<doc id="20829185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829185" title="Kelso High Campus">
Kelso High Campus

Kelso High Campus (KHC) or as it was once known, Kelso High School, is a secondary school in Bathurst founded in 1976.
Along with Bathurst High Campus it makes up the Denison College of Secondary Education.
History.
Kelso High opened for the first time on 27 January 1976 in Waterworks Lane, Gormans Hill, Bathurst. It commenced with a teaching staff of 16, an ancillary staff of 8 and a student enrolment of 236 divided almost equally between Years 7 and 8. The school moved to its present site in 1978 and remains open to this day despite a fire that totally destroyed the school in August 2005. The school was housed in demountable buildings while a new school was being built. The new buildings were finished by the end of 2007, three months ahead of schedule. Students started the 2008 school year in the new facilities.
Denison College of Secondary Education.
In 2006 the fire which destroyed Kelso High led to the formation of Denison College. The college was created to share curriculum, facilities and staff between Kelso and Bathurst High in order to enhance student choice.

</doc>
<doc id="20829195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829195" title="C3H8N2">
C3H8N2

The molecular formula C3H8N may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829196" title="Ollie Kilkenny">
Ollie Kilkenny

Ollie Kilkenny (born 1962 in Kiltormer, County Galway) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Kiltormer and with the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s. Kilkenny won back-to-back All-Ireland winners' medals with Galway in 1987 and 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20829203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829203" title="Lorenzo Williams (American football)">
Lorenzo Williams (American football)

Lorenzo Williams (October 23, 1984 in Midwest City, Oklahoma) is an American football Defensive Tackle who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Missouri.
Williams has been a member of the Baltimore Ravens, Montreal Alouettes and Carolina Panthers.
College career.
As a redshirt freshman, Williams played in eleven games, making 21 tackles and 1 sack, with his best game coming against Kansas when he made 6 tackles. He also had 3 tackles against Troy, Oklahoma State and Baylor. After the season he was named to the First team Freshman All-Big 12.
Williams, as a sophomore he started in Missouri's twelve games. In his first year as a defensive tackle, Williams recorded 35 tackles, 5½ sacks and 9½ tackles for losses.
In his junior year, Williams, recorded 53 tackles, 10½ tackles for losses and 6 sacks. He also recovered 3 fumbles and forced 2 others.
As a senior, Williams was voted one of four team captains by his team members. Williams recorded 34 tackles, 12 1/2 tackles for a loss and 7 1/2 sacks. He also had 3 forced fumbles, 3 recovered fumbles, 4 blocked kicks, 2 sacks were for safeties and 1 touchdown. He finished #4 in sacks in University of Missouri football history (behind Brian Smith, Justin Smith (49ers) and Aldon Smith (49ers) He was also #1 in the Big 12 in career sacks (20) in 2007. Now currently #2 behind Ndamukong Suh. He was also named First Team All-Big 12
Professional career.
Baltimore Ravens.
Williams was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Baltimore Ravens on April 29, 2008. He was released during the Ravens final cuts on August 30, 2008.
Montreal Alouettes.
On September 20, 2008, Williams was signed to the practice squad of the Montreal Alouettes.
Carolina Panthers.
Williams was signed to the practice squad of the Carolina Panthers on December 23, 2008. When his contract expired after the 2008 season he was re-signed to a future contract on January 14, 2009. He was waived on August 31.
Galactic Fun Zone.
After his football career, Williams choose to become a small business owner. He opened Galactic Fun Zone, a college project, in August 2010. Galactic Fun Zone is a family entertainment center that includes Laser Tag Arcade and 8 lane Bowling Alley. He was awarded as the SBA Small Business of the Year for Innovation and Entrepreneurship in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20829208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829208" title="C4H5NS">
C4H5NS

The molecular formula C4H5NS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829211" title="C4H6N2O2">
C4H6N2O2

The molecular formula C4H6N2O2 (molar mass: 114.10 g/mol) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829213" title="Haugan, Montana">
Haugan, Montana

Haugan (also Waugan) is an unincorporated community in Mineral County, Montana, United States. Haugan is situated east of the Idaho border and west of Missoula on Interstate 90 at the Haugan Exit #16.
Haugan was named for H. G. Haugan, Land Commissioner of the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway. Haugan was established and maintained to serve as a pusher station for the Milwaukee Road railroad trains ascending the Bitterroot Range of the Rocky Mountains.
Haugan was one of several area towns to be destroyed during the Great Fire of 1910. Haugan had a post office for approximately seventy years in the twentieth century. Opened on March 25, 1911, the post office closed on August 31, 1944, only to reopen four years later. This second post office operated from June 16, 1948 to July 22, 1983.
Haugan is surrounded by the Lolo National Forest and is the site of the Savenac Nursery Historic District. The nearby Haugan/Randolph Creek Loop Snowmobile Trail offers cross-country skiing, snowmobiling and other winter sport. Also nearby is the summit of Haugan Mountain.
The community is most commonly known for its Silver Dollars tourist area. Signs telling drivers the distance are seen on Interstate 90 around Western Montana, Northern Idaho, and Eastern Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20829218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829218" title="Peter IV Geraigiry">
Peter IV Geraigiry

Peter IV Barakat Géraigiry (or "Jaraijiry", 1841 – 1902) was patriarch of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church from 1898 until 1902.
Life.
Born in Zahlé, Lebanon on August 6, 1841, Géraigiry was ordained priest on March 16, 1862 with a special permission due to his young age. He soon set up an elementary school in Zahle and became a teacher in the patriarcal college of Beirut. From 1874 to 1878 he studied theology in France. Back in Lebanon he became director of the schools of his diocese. In 1882 Géraigiry was appointed delegate of the Patriarch and thus he traveled to Rome, Paris, Istanbul.
On February 21, 1886 patriarch Gregory II Youssef consecrated bishop Géraigiry and appointed him responsible of the newly created diocese of Paneas, where he set up twenty-three Christian schools.
After the lengthy and eventful reign of Gregory II Youssef, on February 24, 1898 Géraigiry was appointed patriarch of the Melkites following his election by the Melkite synod of bishops. Although his election was considered null by the Roman Congregation of Propaganda Fide, Pope Leo XIII confirmed it shortly later. The four years of his reign were marked by crisis. Some discontent arose from appointments of bishops taken without consulting the synod, and from his attempt to move the Patriarchal See from Damascus to Beirut. Also his relations with the Congregation of Propaganda Fide were often tense, mainly because Rome wanted him to summon a synod to define in details the powers and the autonomy of the patriarch and of all the Melkite clergy, while Géraigiry hesitated and took time. The synod never met under his reign.
Peter IV Géraigiry died in Beirut on April 24, 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="20829220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829220" title="C4H7N">
C4H7N

The molecular formula C4H7N may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829227" title="Léon Barsacq">
Léon Barsacq

Léon Barsacq (18 October 1906 – 23 December 1969) was a Russian production designer, art director and set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Longest Day". He was the brother of French theatre director André Barsacq.

</doc>
<doc id="20829239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829239" title="C4H10S">
C4H10S

The molecular formula C4H10S may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829242" title="Helhest">
Helhest

In Danish folklore, a helhest (Danish "Hel horse") is a three-legged horse associated with Hel. Various Danish phrases are recorded that refer to the horse. The Helhest is associated with death and illness, and it is mentioned in folklore as having been spotted in various locations in Denmark.
Folklore.
The horse figures into a number of Danish phrases as recent as the 19th century, such as ""han går som en helhest"" ("he walks like a hel-horse") for a male who "blunders in noisily". The helhest is sometimes described as going "around the churchyard on his three legs, he fetches Death", and from Schleswig, a phrase is recorded that, in time of plague, "die (corrected by Grimm from "der") Hel rides about on a three-legged horse, destroying men". 19th century scholar Benjamin Thorpe connects the Danish phrase "he gave death a pack of oats" when an individual survives a near-fatal disease to notions of the Helhest, considering the oats either an offering or a bribe.
According to folklore, the Aarhus Cathedral yard at times features the Hel-horse. A tale recorded in the 19th century details that, looking through his window at the cathedral one evening, a man yelled "What horse is outside?" A man sitting beside him said "It is perhaps the Hel-horse." "Then I will see it!" exclaimed the man, and upon looking out the window he grew deathly pale, but would not detail afterward what he had seen. Soon thereafter he grew sick and died. At the Roskilde Cathedral, people in former times would spit on a narrow stone where a Helhest was said to be buried.
Legend dictates that "in every churchyard in former days, before any human body was buried in it, a living horse was interred. This horse re-appears and is known by the name of 'Hel-horse.'" 19th century scholar Jacob Grimm theorizes that, prior to Christianization, the helhest was originally the steed of the goddess Hel.

</doc>
<doc id="20829248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829248" title="C5H4N4S">
C5H4N4S

The molecular formula C5H4N4S (molar mass : 152.18 g/mol) may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20829253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829253" title="Jim Egan">
Jim Egan

James K. "Jim" Egan (1858 – September 26, 1884), nickanamed "Troy Terrier", was an American Major League Baseball player from New Haven, Connecticut who played one season as a pitcher and center fielder for the Troy Trojans of the National League in . He played in a total of 30 games that season, 18 as an outfielder, and 12 as a pitcher.
Egan died in his hometown at the age of 26 of brain fever.

</doc>
<doc id="20829256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829256" title="C5H10N2O2S">
C5H10N2O2S

The molecular formula C5H10N2O2S may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829258" title="Ted Hill">
Ted Hill

Ted Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829263" title="C6H7NO">
C6H7NO

The molecular formula C6H7NO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829264" title="FAI Junior Cup">
FAI Junior Cup

The FAI Junior Cup is a football competition organised by the Football Association of Ireland. It is regarded as one of the biggest competitions at the junior level in European football.
More than 600 clubs from all parts of Ireland challenge for this historic trophy. The competition is played on a knock-out basis and is considered to be difficult.
A feature of the competition in more recent years has been the rise in influence of teams representing Connacht and the West of Ireland generally. Improving facilities and more attention to coaching has paid rich dividends at all levels of football, men's and women's.
The competition is sponsored by Umbro and is therefore known for sponsorship reasons as the FAI Umbro Junior Cup.
In 2013 the final will be played in the Aviva Stadium prior to the Republic of Ireland's friendly with Georgia on 2 June, to mark the 90th anniversary of the formation of the FAI Junior Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20829285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829285" title="Gabriel Béchir">
Gabriel Béchir

Gabriel Béchir (October 24, 1927 – December 18, 2001) was a set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Longest Day".

</doc>
<doc id="20829289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829289" title="C6H8N2">
C6H8N2

The molecular formula C6H8N2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829294" title="C6H9NO6">
C6H9NO6

The molecular formula C6H9NO6 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829298" title="C6H9N3O3">
C6H9N3O3

The molecular formula C6H9N3O3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829300" title="C6H10N2O2">
C6H10N2O2

The molecular formula C6H10N2O2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829306" title="Pat Malone (hurler)">
Pat Malone (hurler)

Pat Malone (born 1965 in Oranmore, County Galway) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Oranmore-Maree and with the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s. Malone won back-to-back All-Ireland winners' medals with Galway in 1987 and 1988. His daughter is now following in his footstepps with back to back finals and playing for the county team. Statistics show that 98% of people believe that Ms. Kelley Malone will lead galway to the next all Ireland camogie final.

</doc>
<doc id="20829311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829311" title="C6H11NO2">
C6H11NO2

The molecular formula C6H11NO2 (molar mass: 129.16 g/mol) 
may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829318" title="C6H11NO3S">
C6H11NO3S

The molecular formula C6H11NO3S may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829325" title="C6H12N2">
C6H12N2

The molecular formula C6H12N2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829328" title="Bridgeport Lamp Chimney Company Bowstring Concrete Arch Bridge">
Bridgeport Lamp Chimney Company Bowstring Concrete Arch Bridge

The Bridgeport Lamp Chimney Company Bowstring Concrete Arch Bridge is located between Mechanic Street and Baltimore and Ohio Railroad tracks in Bridgeport, West Virginia. The bridge was constructed in 1924, designed by Frank McEnteer. This elegant bowstring reinforced concrete arch bridge represents a traditional bridge type which was readily adapted to what was essentially a new construction material: reinforced concrete. Unlike a rail or road bridge, this bridge can be considered an unusual pedestrian bridge in that it was built by the Bridgeport Lamp Chimney Company in 1924 to provide access from the glass plant to a warehouse on the other side of Simpson Creek. The bridge was designed to carry hand carts with glass products across the river to the warehouse. The bridge remains the only evidence of the original works, and its successor, Master Glass Company. Thus the bridge stands in splendid isolation from any other structure.
Structure details.
The bridge is long by in width. The height of the center line transom is above the deck. Although hidden from view, a notable feature is the proprietary reinforcement used throughout the structure. The principal reinforcing bars are either of the patented Havemeyer reinforcement produced by the Concrete Steel Company of New York, or a similar bar produced by Cambria Iron Works of Johnston, Pennsylvania. It was an era of intense competition among reinforcing bar manufacturers with each individual deformed bar pattern carefully protected by patents. Smooth bars of approximately diameter were employed for stirrups throughout the bridge structure.
Historical significance.
The reinforced concrete bowstring arch erected in 1924 by Frank Duff McEnteer and his Concrete Steel Bridge Company is an elegant expression of the bridge builders art executed by one of the pioneers in the use of reinforced concrete for both bridges and buildings. The bridge is a poignant reminder of the early glass industry that flourished in the Clarksburg area and indeed in the state as a whole. The glass industry found a favorable business climate based on cheap natural gas and abundant quartzite for producing products ranging from utilitarian bottles to the finest cut glass. Little remains of this once flourishing industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20829337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829337" title="C6H13NO2">
C6H13NO2

The molecular formula C6H13NO2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829341" title="C6H14N2O2">
C6H14N2O2

The molecular formula C6H14N2O2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829343" title="Snowzilla">
Snowzilla

Snowzilla is a giant snowman which has been erected each pre-Christmas season since 2005 in the front yard of private resident Billy Powers' home in Anchorage, Alaska, USA.
History.
The first Snowzilla was built in 2005. It rose to 16 feet (4.9 m), and featured a corncob pipe, a carrot nose, and two eyes made out of beer bottles. After drawing widespread attention, the snowman returned the following year, built to a height of 22 feet (6.7 m). In 2008 the accumulated snow rose to an estimated 25 feet (7.6 m) height.
Controversy.
One neighbor in the block complained of heavy traffic and cited safety concerns about a very large snowman on the front lawn of a residential neighborhood, as a result of which city officials issued a cease and desist order in December 2008, preventing Snowzilla from being completed (it was about 50% completed when the order was issued and the accumulated snow removed). However, a few days later it "mysteriously" re-appeared on Powers' lawn, although he denied making it.
A strong public outcry soon arose over the apparent municipal interference with an inoffensive holiday tradition, and a website ("Snowzilla.org") appeared on 23 December 2008. On Christmas morning, a "squad" of small sign-carrying snowmen appeared in front of Anchorage city hall, but the city quickly demolished the "protestors". In 2009 a new mayor was sitting in City Hall, and the family said that it expected to be able to erect the giant snowman without interference. Writing about the January 2011 version, an editor for "Alaska" magazine described Snowzilla as "a symbol of Alaska civil disobedience enacted, appropriately enough, in snow".

</doc>
<doc id="20829349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829349" title="Vöcklabrucker SC">
Vöcklabrucker SC

Vöcklabrucker SC is an Austrian association football club from Vöcklabruck.
History.
After the dissolution of the 1. FC Vöcklabruck and the relegation from the First Division to the regional league. The city has on Hausruck founed a new club, the Vöcklabrucker SC start in the 2nd Klasse Mitte/West. Class mid-west.
Current squad.
www.vbsc.at

</doc>
<doc id="20829353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829353" title="C6H15N">
C6H15N

The molecular formula C6H15N may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829361" title="William Francis Cotton">
William Francis Cotton

William Francis Cotton (died 1917) was an Irish Nationalist politician. He sat for South Dublin (UK Parliament constituency) in the United Kingdom House of Commons.
He won the seat at the December 1910 general election, narrowly defeating the Unionist incumbent, and held it until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20829364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829364" title="C6H15O4P">
C6H15O4P

The molecular formula C6H15O4P may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829421" title="Kasuga ryūjin">
Kasuga ryūjin

Kasuga Ryūjin (春日龍神), or "The Kasuga Dragon God," is a Japanese Noh play often attributed to Komparu Zenchiku, son-in-law of Zeami Motokiyo. The play features the historical figure Myōe Shōnin (1173 – 1232), abbot of the Buddhist temple Kōzan-ji, and famous for his detailed dream diary. Myōe sought for many years to visit China and India, and to witness the places where the historical Buddha preached; in episodes recorded in his dream diary and other sources, Myōe is said to have been visited, both in dreams and via oracles, by the Dragon God of Kasuga Shrine, who persuaded him to remain in Japan. The play is inspired by and based upon these sources, and relates one such meeting of Myōe with the Dragon God.
Plot.
The play opens with Myōe and his companions traveling to Kasuga Shrine to say formal farewells to the "kami" of the shrine, before they leave for their journey to China and India. There, they meet a priest, an old man, who welcomes them into the shrine grounds, saying that Myōe is favored by the "kami" of the shrine like a first-born son, and that of course he should be most welcome. Learning of Myōe's intentions to journey abroad, however, he argues that the "kami" shouldn't like to see him go, as his presence at the shrine is so treasured.
The priest goes on to explain that, were the Buddha still living, one would do well to hear him preach in person. But, he says, the ages have turned, and the sacred places of India and China are now represented in Japan. He equates important Buddhist sites such as Vulture Peak to sites in Japan, such as Mount Mikasa, and encourages Myōe to visit these sacred sites instead. He offers that if Myōe will desist with his plan, he will reveal to the monk, upon Mount Mikasa, the five regions of India, the Buddha's birth, the Buddha's enlightenment, his preaching, and his passing.
Convinced, Myōe gives up his intentions to travel to the continent, and asks the old man his name. The priest identifies himself as Tokifū Hideyuki, a name drawn from those of the founders of the Kasuga Shrine, Nakatomi no Tokifū and Nakatomi no Hideyuki, at which he vanishes.
Between the two acts of the play, a "kyōgen" actor portraying a minor "kami" in the service of the shrine comes forth and retells the story of the first act.
In the second act, the Dragon God of Kasuga (the "kasuga ryūjin" of the play's title) appears, and dances, while speaking to Myōe, and confirming that he has in fact given up his intentions to journey to the continent.

</doc>
<doc id="20829423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829423" title="Candidula gigaxii">
Candidula gigaxii

Candidula gigaxii is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of Western European countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20829429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829429" title="Haugan Mountain">
Haugan Mountain

Haugan Mountain is a summit in Mineral County, Montana at . It is located just south of Interstate 90 and from the community of Haugan, Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="20829451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829451" title="Jean-Michel Boucheron">
Jean-Michel Boucheron

Jean-Michel Boucheron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829476" title="Alien Raiders">
Alien Raiders

Alien Raiders is a 2008 American science fiction horror film, starring Carlos Bernard, Rockmond Dunbar and Mathew St. Patrick. The film is Ben Rock's first feature film as a director. The film was produced by Daniel Myrick, John Shiban, and Tony Krantz, and was released by Warner Home Video and Raw Feed in September 2008. 
Plot.
Just as the local grocery store is about to close, a group of six armed, masked people enter the building. They take the staff and remaining customers hostage and immediately shoot down one of the employees. One of the masked men named Spooky is then told to check whether "he" is among the hostages. When he identifies a woman as one of "them", she tries to escape but is shot down. Meanwhile, a police officer, who was also inside the store, manages to kill one of the masked men. He then calls for back-up and shoots Spooky, who hasn't managed to check all hostages yet. The cop is then killed too.
As the police arrive, the group argues whether or not to leave, but their leader, a man named Ritter, tells them that they need to finish their job. They release the hostages Spooky already managed to clear and move the rest to the back of the store. As they inspect one of the corpses, it becomes clear that the person was infected with an organism that breeds inside the person. With Spooky dead, the group resorts to a different method for checking whether the rest of the people are infected or not. One by one, the hostages are taken to another room and have one of their fingers cut off, which Sterling, the doctor of the group, uses to verify if they are infected or not.
Outside the store a policeman named Seth, whose stepdaughter Whitney works as a cashier at the store, takes charge of the police operation. They discover that Ritter used to work as a rocket scientist and that the group hunts people that are infected with an alien parasite that came to Earth inside a meteorite, which the cops don't believe. Trying to negotiate with Ritter, they come to the agreement that Ritter will release one of the hostages if the police bring them a woman named Charlotte, who used to be part of the group and possesses the same ability as Spooky did.
The group inside discovers another woman is infected and kill her. They are then attacked by the revived body of the cop, who manages to kill two of the captors and three of the hostages. Ritter then explains to the remaining hostages what they were after: The parasites are divided in two groups, several females and one king. Without the king, the parasites would eventually go extinct. They knew that one of the persons inside the store was the host of the king, which is why they took the whole store hostage. 
Seth and Charlotte then come inside. With Charlotte's help, the group lures the infected cop into a trap, while Seth leads his stepdaughter and the store clerk named Benny, who volunteered to have his finger cut off to spare Whitney the ordeal, outside. Ritter manages to cut the living parasite out of the cop, but is subsequently gunned down by the police who try to kill it.
Just as Sterling is arrested by Seth, Charlotte realizes that the killed parasite was not the king. Inside a police car, Benny overhears Seth calling the other cops, telling them that Benny must be the king. Benny realizes that it must actually be Whitney, since she was the only one who is still alive and wasn't checked by the captors. As he aims a gun at her, her eyes and veins change to a darker color and the screen fades to black, while Benny is heard screaming.
Production.
The film used Inglewood, California as a location. Working titles for the film were "Inhuman" and "Supermarket".

</doc>
<doc id="20829479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829479" title="Christopher Wicking">
Christopher Wicking

Christopher Wicking (born 10 January 1943 in London, England; died of a heart attack in Toulouse, France, 13 October 2008) was a screenwriter often in the horror and fantasy genres, notably for the British arm of American International Pictures and with Hammer Film Productions, for whom he was the last 'resident script editor'.
Background.
Wicking was educated at Coopers' Company's School. While studying at St Martin's School of Art, London, he determined to break into the film industry.
Movies.
He began as a film booking clerk for Anglo-Amalgamated Film Distributors and, while working as an assistant film editor on documentaries in London, he began writing profiles of directors for the influential French movie magazine "Cahiers du cinéma". He was a lifelong fan of westerns and wrote movie feature articles and interviews about the genre for various British magazines including the "Monthly Film Bulletin" and "Time Out". He also continued to write for French magazines including "Cahiers du cinéma", "Positif" and "Midi Minuit Fantastique".
His first credit as a screenwriter was on the 1969 movie "The Oblong Box", initially with Michael Reeves and, after Reeves' death, for director Gordon Hessler. Although Wicking was only credited for "additional dialogue", Hessler later verbally credited him as writing the entire filmed script.
Television.
Wicking also wrote episodes for British TV series "The Professionals (1979–1982), Jemima Shore Investigates" and the TV dramas "The Way to Dusty Death" (1995), "On Dangerous Ground" (1996). and "Powers" (2004).
Later years.
He taught screenwriting at various UK institutions including the Royal College of Art, the Arvon Foundation, the National Film and Television School, Leeds Metropolitan University and King Alfred's College, Winchester; and, in Ireland, at University College Dublin, the Dublin Institute of Technology and the Irish Film Institute's Education Department. It was said that he had a fondness for "termite art" - less "precious" work that valued personal vision and idiosyncrasy.
Works.
Television Episodes.
"The Madness of Mickey Hamilton" (1979); "The Gun" (1980); "Discovered in a Graveyard" (1982) 

</doc>
<doc id="20829510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829510" title="Jean-Michel Boucheron (Charente politician)">
Jean-Michel Boucheron (Charente politician)

Jean-Michel Boucheron (born December 15, 1946 in Angoulême, Charente) is a French politician, formerly a member of the National Assembly of France (1978-1988 mayor of Angoulême and briefly Secretary of State for Local Authorities. He represented a portion of the Charente department in the Assembly, and is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20829521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829521" title="Mehndi (drama)">
Mehndi (drama)

Mehndi is a 2003 Pakistani television drama serial which revolves around the life of four young women, all with their own set of marital problems.
Plot.
A concerned mother and father (played respectively by Jahanara Hai and Abid Ali) have four young daughters, Malaika (Amna Hussain), Sajjal (Ayesha Khan), Alishba (Aamina Haq) and Laiba (Fiza Ali). The beginning of the drama sees all four getting married, to their respective husbands, on the same day. The rest of the serial showcases their marital lives, the problems they face and the difficulties they must conquer.
Even though theirs is a love marriage, Laiba and her husband, Aahad (Kamran Jillani), have yet to reach the level of understanding that a stable marriage requires. Fights are their general custom from day one, and both must make efforts to cut down their troubles, and live a happy, married life. adding to their troubles are Aaahad's insensitive older siter. Laiba finds herself pregnant, though miscarries soon after, when she falls because of an argumwnt with her sister-in-law. When it becomes apparent that they may never conceive, the couple contimplates adoption.
the eldest daughter Malaika's husband Taha (Adnan Siddiqui) on the other hand, is financially unstable and wants his father-in-law's help to establish himself. he originally worked in the same hospital as Sajjal's husband Shahzeb, but quit as the wedding drew near, as he was insecure about the prospect of being at a lower post after marriage. While he originally, had no intention of asking for his in-laws help, he is spurred on by his visiting brother's wife. Problems spring up for Malaika as his demands grow, and the young woman finds herself trying to balance old home and new home, and a reeling life and world. And in the midst of all this, she is devastated by the revelation that she is adopted, and is actually the child of brother-in-law Rameez's father's deceased cousin. Feeling confused and betrayed, she turns her back from her family, and this puts a further strain on her marriage.
Sister Alishba's problems are altogether even worse: While all three of her sisters have chosen their partners themselves, her marriage is an arranged one. We find that her husband, Rameez (played by heart-throb Aijaz Aslam) was in love with another girl, Ramsha, but was forced by his parents (played by Qazi Wajid and Ayesha Khan) to marry Alishba. Frustration rocks this couple, with Rameez wanting time and again to return to Ramsha, who is bent upon forcing him to divorce Alishba. Alishba, meanwhile, desperately tries to save a marriage that could fail any second, and send her dreams crashing to the ground.
Sajjal's love marriage with cousin Shahzaib (Humayun Saeed) seems to come almost as a relief, as the couple is a mature, highly loving one, with both partners ready to see each other through thick and thin, & Sajjal soon finds herself pregnant. But tragedy strikes, turning their lives topsy-turvy as it is discovered Shahzaib has cancer.
Things wrap up quite nicely in the end, though not without some shocking and touching moments of surprise.
Laiba and Ahad succeed in adopting despite initial protests of Ahad's mother.
Malaika comes to terms with her own adoption, Taha mends realizes his mistakes, and the two make amends with each other, and try to salvage their relationship.
Rameez realizes that he can't in good faith divorce Alishba, and the two resolve to move forward in life.
Sajjal and Shahzaib cherish each other as only two true lovers can, but Sajjal's world is shattered when her husband's deadly disease takes his life. She will, in time, learn to live again, treasuring and holding near and dear the sweet memories of their times together, as she awaits the birth of her child.
Soundtrack.
Mehndi original song title is sung by Jawad Ahmad.

</doc>
<doc id="20829551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829551" title="Autonomist Party">
Autonomist Party

The Autonomist Party (; , Aутономашка Странка) was a Dalmatianist political party in the Dalmatian political scene, that existed for around 70 years of the 19th century and until World War I. Its goal was to maintain the autonomy of the Kingdom of Dalmatia within the Austro-Hungarian Empire, as opposed to the unification with the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia. The Autonomist Party has been accused of secretly having been a pro-Italian movement due to their defense of the rights of ethnic Italians in Dalmatia. The Autonomist Party did not claim to be an Italian movement, and indicated that it sympathized with a sense of hetereogeneity amongst Dalmatians in opposition to ethnic nationalism. In the 1861 elections, the Autonomists won twenty-seven seats in Dalmatia, while Dalmatia's Croatian nationalist movement, the National Party, won only fourteen seats.
History.
Traditionally linked to the idea of a Dalmatian nation advocated by Niccolò Tommaseo in the first half of the century and regarded as a meeting of the Latin world with the Slavic world, initially the party also attracted the sympathies of some of the Slavic Dalmatians, while maintaining an undisputed open to the Italian cultural world.
The Dalmatian branch of the People's Party (, ), which supported the reunification of Dalmatia with the remainder of Croatia, viewed the Autonomists as supportive of an Italian annexation of Dalmatia, which was indeed the ambition of the Italian state.
The Autonomist Party received the vote of the Dalmatian Italians and some bilingual Slavs and controlled most Dalmatian coastal cities: this party had a majority in the Parliament of Dalmatia in the mid-19th century. However, in 1870 democratic alterations to the electoral laws allowed the majority Croatian population of Dalmatia to influence the elections for the first time. The democratic reforms allowed for a greater part of the general population to vote (but even areas where non-Slav population was the majority were affected) and so the Autonomist Party no longer had a majority: by the outbreak of World War I, only the city of Zara (now called Zadar) remained in Autonomist hands.
A similar but independent political development occurred in Fiume, where Michele Maylender, claiming greater autonomy from the centralizing Hungarian executive of Dezső Bánffy, founded the (Fiume) Autonomist Party in 1896. Although the reference with Dalmatia was never made explicit among Fiume autonomists (who widely read Tommaseo and Bajamonti) the goals of the Party were very similar to that in Dalmatia as it opposed the inclusion of the city to Croatia.
As in Zadar the party remained in power up to 1914, and both cities, although claimed by the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes at the Paris Peace Conference, were finally assigned to Italy: Zara by the Treaty of Rapallo and Fiume with the Treaty of Rome, which gave Fiume to Italy and the adjacent port of Sušak to Yugoslavia.
Antonio Bajamonti, the most prominent Autonomist in the history of the party, once remarked:
Count Francesco Borelli Dalmatian deputy, argued for the autonomy of the Kingdom of Dalmatia, claiming that it had no connection whatsoever with Croatia. Though he admitted that the majority of the population was Slavic in language, mentality and outlook, he pointed out that Dalmatia's "higher" culture was Italian.
At the beginning of the 20th century the Autonomist Party, having lost his majority in nearly all Dalmatia, started to be dominated by a group of Dalmatian Italians from Zara, led by Luigi Ziliotto and Giovanni Bugatto, who supported Italian irredentism in Dalmatia: the party was suppressed in 1915 when Italy declared war on Austria during World War I.
Autonomist Party today.
Autonomist party is founded again in 2011, but there are problems with its recognition by Croatian government.

</doc>
<doc id="20829558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829558" title="Richard Henry Dana, Sr.">
Richard Henry Dana, Sr.

Richard Henry Dana, Sr. (November 15, 1787 – February 2, 1879) was an American poet, critic and lawyer. His son, Richard Henry Dana, Jr., also became a lawyer and author.
Biography.
Richard Henry Dana was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts on November 15, 1787, the son of Federalist judge Francis Dana. He graduated from Harvard College and became a lawyer. He married Ruth Charlotte Smith and they had four children including Richard Henry Dana, Jr.
Dana was also a literary critic. Between 1817 and 1827, he was the first American to write major critiques of Romanticism, though his views were unconventional then. In a review of the poetry of Washington Allston, he noted his belief that poetry was the highest form of art, though it should be simple and must avoid didacticism. Some of his criticisms were controversial. Dana accused Harvard of smothering genius, and that the minds of poets were more insightful than the general community. Dana also criticized the Transcendentalism movement. He wrote, "Emerson & the other Spiritualists, or Supernaturalists, or whatever they are called, or may be pleased to call themselves... madness in their "hearts"". Dana was a member of the Anthology Club; he and others in the club founded the "North American Review". in 1817 as an outlet for his criticism, though his opposition with standard conventions lost him his editorial control of it. By 1850, his opinions were widely followed. As he wrote at the time, "Much that was once held to be presumptuous novelty... little better than commonplace".
As a writer of fiction, Dana was an early practitioner of Gothic literature, particularly with his novel "Paul Felton" (1822), a tale of madness and murder. The novel has also been called a pioneering work of psychological realism alongside works by William Gilmore Simms. Nevertheless, Dana had difficulty supporting his family through his writing, which earned him only $400 over 30 years. In 1849, he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Honorary Academician.
He lived on Chestnut Street in Boston's Beacon Hill neighborhood, ca.1840s-1870s.
Dana died on February 2, 1879, and was buried in the family plot at the Old Burying Ground next to the First Parish in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20829594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829594" title="Gianluca Petrella">
Gianluca Petrella

Gianluca Petrella is an Italian jazz trombonist. He is internationally considered one of the best young jazz trombonists. In 2001 he won Italy’s Django d’Or Award as well as Musica Jazz’s annual critics poll as Best Young Talent. In 2006 and 2007 he was featured in "Down Beat" magazine, winning their award for "Best Emerging Artist" in the category for Best Trombonist.
He started his career with Roberto Ottaviano in 1993. He has worked with many international musicians including Joey Calderazzo, Jimmy Owens, Greg Osby, Carla Bley, Pat Metheny, Marc Ducret, Manu Dibango, Nicola Conte, Bobby Previte and Enrico Rava. His group Indigo 4, with Paolino Dalla Porta, Francesco Bearzatti and Fabio Accardi, has recorded the albums "Indigo 4" and "Kaleido". The recordings were released on Blue Note and were well accepted by critics. While noted influences include Thelonious Monk, Duke Ellington, and Sun Ra, Petrella also uses loops and sound effects.
Discography.
With Enrico Rava

</doc>
<doc id="20829628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829628" title="William M. Hartmann">
William M. Hartmann

William M. Hartmann is a noted physicist, psychoacoustician, author, and former president of the Acoustical Society of America. His major contributions in psychoacoustics are in pitch perception, binaural hearing, and sound localization. Working with junior colleagues, he discovered several major pitch effects: the binaural edge pitch, the binaural coherence edge pitch, the pitch shifts of mistuned harmonics, and the harmonic unmasking effect. His textbook, "Signals, Sound and Sensation," is widely used in courses on psychoacoustics. He is currently a professor of physics at Michigan State University.
Hartmann was born in Elgin, Illinois,USA on 28 July 1939. He studied electrical engineering and physics at Iowa State University in Ames, IA, (BSEE 1961). Supported by a Rhodes Scholarship (Iowa and Lincoln, 1961) he studied theoretical physics with Sir Roger Elliott at Oxford University in England (D.Phil. – condensed matter theory 1965). He continued research in condensed matter theory as a post-doctoral scholar at Argonne National Laboratory in Argonne Illinois (1965–1968).
In 1968 Dr. Hartmann joined the Department of Physics (now the Department of Physics and Astronomy) at Michigan State University in East Lansing where he is still employed as a professor of physics. His work in condensed matter theory primarily involved lattice vibrations (phonons) in defective crystals, where he was the first to show how to include short-range order among defects in the vibrational theory of alloys. Later, he studied the electron–phonon interaction in metals where he made the first calculation of the latent heats of melting metals.
In 1974 he began teaching an undergraduate course on musical acoustics which inspired his interest in human hearing. In 1976 he reinvented himself as a psychoacoustician, and he has continued to work in psychoacoustics, musical acoustics, and signal processing since that time. He has been an adjunct professor in the MSU Department of Psychology since 1979.
In 1981–82 Dr. Hartmann was a visiting scientist at the Institute for Research on Acoustics and Music (IRCAM) in Paris. He subsequently served at IRCAM as acting director of acoustics (1982–1983) and as consultant (1983–1987). He was an associate editor of Music Perception from 1988–1997, and he is currently the editor-in-chief of the Springer series Modern Acoustics and Signal Processing. 
Dr. Hartmann's published work in psychoacoustics deals with pitch perception, signal detection, modulation detection and localization of sound. His pitch perception research is characterized by an unusual emphasis on tonotopically local effects such as pitch shifts, presumably originating in the auditory periphery. His sound localization research has emphasized signal confusions caused by room reflections and the strategies used by listeners to cope with them.
He has written one textbook, "Signals, Sound, and Sensation" (published by Springer-Verlag – AIP Press, 1997) and he was co-editor of the Springer Handbook of Acoustics (2007). He is the author of over 75 peer-reviewed journal articles. His patented (USPTO# 6,925,426)
protocol for high-fidelity sound recording with uniquely realistic spatial characteristics became a New York Times science feature by James Glanz, November 16, 1999 "Recorded music gets dose of reality". 
In 2001 Dr. Hartmann received the Distinguished Faculty Award from Michigan State University and the Interdisciplinary (Helmholtz–Rayleigh) ASA Silver Medal from the Acoustical Society of America.
Dr. Hartmann has been a fellow of the Acoustical Society of America since 1983. He was chairman of the Technical Committee on Musical Acoustics and a member of the Society's Executive Council. He gave the Society Tutorial at the spring meeting in 1996 entitled, "Pitch, Periodicity and the Brain." He served as vice president of the Society (1998–1999) and as president (2001–2002). As president, he worked to enhance the Society's connections with allied organizations such as the Institute for Noise Control Engineering, and to expand the Society's international presence.

</doc>
<doc id="20829650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829650" title="Władysław Daniłowski">
Władysław Daniłowski

Władysław Daniłowski (also known by his pseudonyms Władysław Dan and Walter Dana, April 26, 1902 - March 4, 2000) was a Polish and American pianist, composer and singer. A pioneer of jazz and tango in Poland, in the United States he is best known as a promoter of polka music. He wrote the score for the first Polish sound film.
Born April 26, 1902 in Warsaw, then in the Russian-held Congress Poland, to a renown Polish writer and revolutionary Gustaw Daniłowski. In 1919 he joined the Polish Army and served with distinction during the Polish-Bolshevist War. Following demobilisation he started studies at the Warsaw Conservatory. He studied piano under tutelage of Henryk Melcer-Szczawiński and theory of music in the class of Piotr Rytel. In 1926 he also graduated from the law faculty of the University of Warsaw. 
In late 1920s Daniłowski spent two years working for the Polish embassy in Paris, where he fell in love with jazz and tango, two styles of music gaining increasing popularity in Europe at that time. Upon his return to Poland he started composing for the "Qui Pro Quo" cabaret. Numerous songs written for the star of the cabaret, Hanka Ordonówna, gained him much fame in Warsaw and then in the entire country. Also in 1928 he founded a "Chór Dana" ("Dan's Choir"), modelled after "The Revelers". In 1929 he also formed an "Argentinian Choir V. Dana" which helped popularise tango in Poland, to the extent that already by the start of 1930s it started to be considered a part of Warsaw's folklore. 
His music gained him much fame in Poland of 1930s and he became one of the most popular composers of the time. His songs were sung by many of the most notable vocalists of the epoch, including Adam Aston, Mieczysław Fogg, Zofia Terné and Mira Zimińska-Sygietyńska, to name but a few. In 1930 he also wrote the score for the first Polish sound film, the "Moralność Pani Dulskiej". He later wrote scores for numerous other films, including "Dziesięciu z Pawiaka" (1931), "Dvanáct křesel" (1933), "Wacuś" (1935) and "Dodek na froncie" (1936). The lyrics for his songs were written by some of the most renown Polish authors of the time, including Julian Tuwim, Marian Hemar, Konrad Tom and Jerzy Jurandot. Until 1939 he was also the head of the Popular Music Department of the Polish Radio, at the same time he continued a successful diplomatic career for the Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
Following the outbreak of World War II Daniłowski moved to Italy and then in 1940 to the United States. There he re-activated his Dana Choir under a new name ("Dana Ensemble") and adopted a new pseudonym - Walter Dana. He worked as a speaker for numerous Polish-language radio stations and signed contracts with Harmonia and RCA Victor record companies. In the 1950s he also founded his own label, the Dana Record. In 1958 he moved to Miami Beach. He died March 4, 2000 and was buried in the Southern Memorial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20829679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829679" title="Gil Blanco">
Gil Blanco

Gilbert Henry Blanco (born December 15, 1945) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher. Blanco was signed by the New York Yankees in 1964. He pitched for the Yankees in and the Kansas City Athletics in . In 28 Major League games, nine as a starting pitcher, had a career record of 3–5, an ERA of 4.45, with 35 strikeouts and 48 bases on balls in 58⅔ innings pitched.

</doc>
<doc id="20829683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829683" title="Noncentrality parameter">
Noncentrality parameter

Noncentrality parameters are parameters of families of probability distributions which are related to other "central" families of distributions. Whereas the central distribution describes how a test statistic is distributed when the difference tested is null, noncentral distributions describe the distribution of a test statistic when the null is false. This leads to their use in statistics, especially calculating statistical power.
If the noncentrality parameter of a distribution is zero, the distribution is identical to a distribution in the central family. For example, the Student's t-distribution is the central family of distributions for the Noncentral t-distribution family.
Noncentrality parameters are used in the following distributions:
In general, noncentrality parameters occur in distributions that are transformations of a normal distribution. The "central" versions are derived from normal distributions that have a mean of zero; the noncentral versions generalize to arbitrary means. For example, the standard (central) chi-squared distribution is the distribution of a sum of squared independent standard normal distributions, i.e. normal distributions with mean 0, variance 1. The noncentral chi-squared distribution generalizes this to normal distributions with arbitrary mean and variance.
Each of these distributions has a single noncentrality parameter. However, there are extended versions of these distributions which have two noncentrality parameters: the doubly noncentral beta distribution, the doubly noncentral F distribution and the doubly noncentral t distribution. These types of distributions occur for distributions that are defined as the quotient of two independent distributions. When both source distributions are central (either with a zero mean or a zero noncentrality parameter, depending on the type of distribution), the result is a central distribution. When one is noncentral, a (singly) noncentral distribution results, while if both are noncentral, the result is a doubly noncentral distribution. As an example, a t-distribution is defined (ignoring constant values) as the quotient of a normal distribution and the square root of an independent chi-squared distribution. Extending this definition to encompass a normal distribution with arbitrary mean produces a noncentral t-distribution, while further extending it to allow a noncentral chi-squared distribution in the denominator while produces a doubly noncentral t-distribution.
Note also that there are some "noncentral distributions" that are not usually formulated in terms of a "noncentrality parameter": see noncentral hypergeometric distributions, for example.
The noncentrality parameter of the "t"-distribution may be negative or positive while the noncentral parameters of the other three distributions must be greater than zero.

</doc>
<doc id="20829711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829711" title="Lysidine (chemical)">
Lysidine (chemical)

Lysidine is an imidazoline derivative. This compound can be an intermediate in the synthesis of metronidazole; it may be prepared by reacting ethylenediamine with acetic acid to give the diamide, followed by treatment with lime. Raney nickel dehydrogenates it to 2-methylimidazole.

</doc>
<doc id="20829722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829722" title="List of Ponzi schemes">
List of Ponzi schemes

This is a list of Ponzi schemes, fraudulent investment operations that pay returns to separate investors from their own money or money paid by subsequent investors, rather than from any actual profit earned.
Other notable schemes.
Other notable (but involving smaller amounts of money) Ponzi schemes include:

</doc>
<doc id="20829731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829731" title="Minuscule 42">
Minuscule 42

Minuscule 42 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α107 (Von Soden), known as "Codex Maedicaeus" is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. 
It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Acts, Catholic epistles, Paul, Rev, on 303 parchment leaves (), with some lacunae (Acts 2:2-34; 2 Pt 1:2; 1 John 5:11-21; Rev 18:3-13). The text is written in one column per page, 22-23 lines per page.
It contains lists of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each book, numbers of the ("chapters") at the margin, but no τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages, lectionary equipment at the margin (for liturgical use), and numbers of stichoi. According to F. H. A. Scrivener it is carelessly written.
According to the subscription at the end of the Epistle to the Romans, the Letter was written προς Ρωμαιους εγραφη απο Κορινθου δια Φοιβης της διακονου; the same subscription have manuscripts: 90, 216, 339, 462, 466*, 642;
Text.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not assigned in any Category.
Its text has some resemblance with minuscule 51 and the Complutensian Polyglot.
According to Scrivener codex "exhibits many readings of the same class as codices 1, 13, 33, but its authority has the less weigh".
History.
The codex was used by Ludolph Kuster in edition of Mill's "Novum Testamentum" in 1710. Mill ascribed it as "exemplar Regium Maedicaeum", and remarked its resemblance to the Codex Angelicus. Nicholas Westermann collated its text. It was quoted by Denis Amelote in his translation of the New Testament.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1891.
It is currently housed at the Stadtarchiv Frankfurt (Oder) (Gr. 24) at Frankfurt (Oder).

</doc>
<doc id="20829814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829814" title="St John the Baptist Church, Cardiff">
St John the Baptist Church, Cardiff

St John the Baptist Church is a Grade I listed parish church in Cardiff, Wales, the only church dating to pre-Medieval times in Cardiff city centre.
History.
The church was built in 1180 as a chapel of ease for the larger St Mary's Church, itself founded by Benedictine monks from Tewkesbury Abbey. Originally constructed of blue Lias, a Jurassic stone with layers of fossilised shells, it was sourced from Aberthaw. The walls were then originally dressed with an Oolitic freestone sourced from Dundry.
St John's was sacked during a rebellion of Owain Glyndwr in 1404. The church was rebuilt in the second half of the 15th Century and given a perpendicular tower with a peal of ten bells. Today it still has a crown of openwork battlements, reminiscent of churches in the West Country of England, and is dated c.1490 when the similar Jasper Tower of Llandaff Cathedral was also built.
After the foundations of St Mary's were destroyed by the Bristol Channel flood of 1607, the two churches were worked as a dual-location parish until all main services were moved to St John in 1620.
In 1843, John Crichton-Stuart, 2nd Marquess of Bute paid for the construction of the Church of St. Mary the Virgin and St. Stephen the Martyr in Bute Street as a permanent replacement for St Mary's. This allowed the reconstruction of St John, with extensions to the church made in 1886-1897 using carboniferous limestone quarried from Culverhouse Cross. The churchyard wall was also rebuilt, using original Lias mixed with red sandstone in the walls, topped with coping stones of Devon sandstones from the Forest of Dean.
In 1952 St John's became a Grade I listed building, of exceptional architectural and historical interest.

</doc>
<doc id="20829829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829829" title="Justin Boller">
Justin Boller

Justin Boller (born December 6, 1983), also known as Sky, is an American Grammy nominated record producer, singer and GMA Dove Award-winning songwriter.
Music career.
Justin Boller formed the group Ordained Praise in 2004 with his college friend Noe Chapparo. The group was signed to a Christian independent record label, Sereniti Records. In 2005, Justin was introduced to an Orlando management company, Street Dwellaz LLC, who were managing rap group Smilez and Southstar. He then began to work as an upcoming artist under Street Dwellaz at an Orlando studio, formerly known as Trans Continental Studios, now known as KDS Music Group. During that time, Justin was introduced to Vada Nobles and started as an intern for his record label. In 2006, Justin co-produced the song "Forgive Me" with Group 1 Crew and Andy Anderson. Group 1 Crew signed to Fervent Records and Warner Bros. Records. 
In 2008, "Forgive Me" appeared on the TV show "One Tree Hill". "Forgive Me" appeared at #1 on iTunes for Christian downloads in 2008. In April 2010, Boller and Teddy Blass produced the Orlando Magic Playoff Theme Song "Its Our Time" and started a production team called The Wav.
In May 2010, there was the promo song "Breakdown", for hit E! series "Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami". In October 2010, Group 1 Crew's song "Outta Space Love Album" debuted at #1 on the iTunes Christian Gospel and #33 Mainstream iTunes, and charted Billboard #96. In October 2010, Lecrae "Rehab" charted Billboard #17, debuted at #3 Mainstream iTunes and #2 Hip Hop Albums iTunes. It sold 30,000 units in the first week. In February 2012, Json's album "Growing Pains" debuted at #5 on iTunes Rap/Hip Hop Charts.
Awards and nominations.
At the 39th annual GMA Dove Awards in 2008, Group 1 Crew won the Dove Award for "Rap/Hip Hop Album of the Year" for their self-titled album "Group 1 Crew". Also in 2008, Group 1 Crew was nominated for the Dove Award for "New Artist of the Year"
Other awards:
Produced/written songs.
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007

</doc>
<doc id="20829845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829845" title="Alipore Sadar subdivision">
Alipore Sadar subdivision

Alipore Sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the South 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of three municipalities (Budge Budge, Pujali and Maheshtala) and five community development blocks: Bishnupur–I, Bishnupur–II, Budge Budge–I, Budge Budge–II and Thakurpukur Maheshtala. The five blocks contain ten census towns and 45 gram panchayats. Apart from these, a large parts of Calcutta Municipal Corporation fall in this Apipore sadar subdivision. The subdivision has its headquarters at Alipore.
Area.
Apart from the municipalities of Budge Budge, Pujali and Maheshtala, the subdivision contains ten census towns and rural areas of 45 gram panchayats under five community development blocks: Bishnupur–I, Bishnupur–II, Budge Budge–I, Budge Budge–II and Thakurpukur Maheshtala. The ten census towns are: Bishnupur, Kanyanagar, Amtala, Chak Enayetnagar, Balarampur, Uttar Raypur, Birlapur, Chak Kashipur, Bowali and Chata Kalikapur.
Blocks.
Bishnupur–I block.
Rural area under Bishnupur–I block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Amgachhia, Dakshin Gauripur Chakdhir, Kulerdari, Raskhali, Andhar Manik, Panakua, Bhandaria Kastekumari, Julpia, Paschim Bishnupur, Keoradanga and Purba Bishnupur. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Bishnupur and Kanyanagar. Bishnupur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bishnupur.
Bishnupur–II block.
Rural area under Bishnupur–II block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Bakhrahat, Kanganberia, Patharberia Jaychandipur, Chak Enayetnagar, Khagramuri, Chandi, Maukhali, Ramkrishnapur Borhanpur, Gobindapur Kalicharanpur, Nahajari and Panchanan. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Amtala and Chak Enayetnagar. Bishnupur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bakhrahat.
Budge Budge–I block.
Rural area under Budge Budge–I block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Buta, Mayapur, Rajibpur, Chingripota, Nischintapur and Uttar Raipur. Urban area under this block consists of three census towns: Balarampur, Uttar Raypur and Birlapur. Budge Budge police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Purba Nishchintapur.
Budge Budge–II block.
Rural area under Budge Budge–II block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Burul, Gaja Poyali, Naskarpur, Satgachhia, Chakmanik, Kamrabad, North Baoyali, South Baoyali, Dongaria Raipur, Kasipur Alampur and Rania. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Chak Kashipur and Bowali. Nadakhali police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Dongaria.
Thakurpukur Maheshtala block.
Rural area under Thakurpukur Maheshtala block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Asuti–I, Joka–I, Asuti–II, Joka–II, Chatta and Raspunja. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Chata Kalikapur. Thakurpukur, Maheshtala and Bishnupur police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Biran Ray Road (East).
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the area under Bishnupur–II block along with seven gram panchayats under the Budge Budge–II block, viz. Burul, Chakmanik, Gaja Poyali, Kamrabad, Naskarpur, Rania and Satgachhia, will form the Satgachhia assembly constituency of West Bengal. The other four gram panchayats under the Bishnupur–II block, the Budge Budge municipality, the Pujali municipality and the area under the Budge Budge–I block will together form the Budge Budge assembly constituency. The gram panchayats of Asuti–I, Asuti–II, Chatta and Raspunja under the Thakurpukur Maheshtala block and the area under the Bishnupur–I block will together form the Bishnupur assembly constituency. Wards 66,67, 91, 92, 107 and 108 of Kolkata municipal corporation will together form the Kasba assembly constituency. Wards 96, 99, 101–106, 109 and 110 of Kolkata municipal corporation will form the Jadavpur assembly constituency. Wards 94, 95, 97, 98, 100, 111–114 of Kolkata municipal corporation will form the Tollygunj assembly constituency. Wards 118, 119, 125–132 of Kolkata municipal corporation will form the Behala Paschim assembly constituency. The Behala Purba assembly constituency will cover the area under wards 115–117 and 120–124 of the Kolkata municipal corporation, and the gram panchayats of Joka–I and Joka–II under the Thakurpukur Maheshtala block. Wards 8, 11–35 of the Maheshtala municipality will form the Maheshtala assembly constituency. Wards 1–7, 9, 10 of the Maheshtala municipality and wards 136–141 of the Kolkata municipal corporation will together form the Metiaburuz assembly constituency. The Bishnupur constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. The constituencies of Satgachhia, Bishnupur, Maheshtala, Budge Budge and Metiaburuz will be assembly segments of the Diamond Harbour (Lok Sabha constituency). The constituencies of Jadavpur and Tollyganj will be segments of the Jadavpur (Lok Sabha constituency). The constituencies of Kasba, Behala Paschim and Behala Purba will be assembly segments of the Kolkata Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20829846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829846" title="Candidula intersecta">
Candidula intersecta

Candidula intersecta is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
This snail can be a pest species in agricultural settings.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur within its native range in a number of Central and Western European countries and islands including:
It also lives as an introduced species in:

</doc>
<doc id="20829852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829852" title="One Wish">
One Wish

One Wish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20829858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829858" title="Norton International">
Norton International

The Norton International or Cammy Norton is a Norton Motors Ltd overhead cam (OHC) motorcycle between 1931 and 1957.
More than a "TT replica" sports roadster, the OHC Model 30, was 500 cc and the OHC Model 40 was 350 cc. During the 1930s it could be ordered from the Norton factory with all manner of racing parts fitted. Such factory bikes won many Isle of Man TT races during the 1930s, many of them 1-2-3 results.
Norton factory riders on Inters, including Jimmie Guthrie, Jimmy Simpson, Stanley Woods were household names of the era. Production of the Model 30 and 40 International ended temporarily on the outbreak of World War II.
Production of the Inter resumed for 1947, and continued until 1957. Although the engine continued almost from first to last unchanged, the famed featherbed frame was adopted for the 1953 models. By the 1950s though, the model was outdated and outclassed by the new twins and shared only the featherbed frame with its postwar Manx racing cousins, and only sold in small numbers. In the final years the Inter was not even mentioned in the catalog and was available only to special order.
Development.
The name "International" was first used by Norton both for its newly designed race bikes and also for the "TT replica" sports roadster in 1932. Overseen by Joe Craig, Arthur Carroll had designed an overhead-camshaft engine for the works racers and although it retained the bore and stroke of the Norton CS1 the Model 30 International was all new. The racing heritage led to quickly detachable wheels and "hairpin" type valve springs that could be changed rapidly when racing. In 1933, the forks and gearbox were redesigned and in 1935, the Sturmey-Archer gearbox was replaced, as Sturmey-Archer had stopped making gearboxes, so Norton bought the rights to the design and commissioned Burman to produce them. These gearboxes proved so good they remained unchanged for the next 30 years, although the external appearance was altered several times, and the gearchange mechanism fully enclosed and thus lubricated.
In 1936, the engine was upgraded with an alloy head and barrel with a bronze liner, available as an option. In 1938 suspension was upgraded to "plunger" type, also available as an option.
Production of the Model 30 and 40 ended on the outbreak of World War II. After the war, production of the International Model 30 (500 cc) and Model 40 (350 cc) restarted with an iron head and barrel, as fitted to the pre-war CS1 and CJ Nortons. The suspension was upgraded to "Norton Roadholder" telescopic forks instead of girders and "Clubmans" versions were also produced without silencers and lights for racing use. Close ratios gearboxes were supplied as standard from 1947, and the alloy engine made a comeback in 1953 with a new version of the Featherbed frame. Volume production of the International ended in 1955, although small numbers were built to special order for two or three years after.
World record.
In 1935 works Norton team rider Jimmie Guthrie set a number of world speed records on a Norton International at the concrete bowl track in Montlhery, France. As well as setting a new one-hour world record at a speed of , he also broke the , , and records.
George Formby's Norton International.
A Norton International owned by comedian George Formby sold for £30,582 at an auction on 3 December 2007. The 1947 Norton International was one of several motorcycles owned by Formby, who starred in the film "No Limits", a spoof of the 1935 Isle of Man TT race. The International was presented to Formby during a visit to Norton’s Bracebridge Street factory in July 1947.
Featherbed Norton Internationals in the 1950s.
For 1953, the by-now outdated and heavy plunger frames on the Internationals were upgraded with Nortons new race proven featherbed frame. The engine stayed essentially the same, although the lightweight alloy head and cylinder were fitted as standard (previously a no-cost option), and the gearbox was the laydown version (same gears in a revised housing).
Although Nortons advertising slogan of the time was 
"Built in the light of experience. 
Norton. 
The Worlds Best Roadholder" 
the new featherbed Inter was well behind the specification of the racing Norton Manx – double overhead cams and 8-inch twin leading shoe front brake. 
Also, the BSA Gold Star was proving formidable opposition in the Clubman Racing scene, so popular in the 1950s. So sales of the 1950s Norton International were somewhat muted, and by the mid-1950s it had disappeared from the catalogue, available only to special order. 
A final facelift for the 1957 and 1958 models was a cosmetic update to the full width alloy hub wheels, chrome plated tank sidepanels, new type Lucas headlamp and tubular exhaust. Only a dozen or less of these final models are reputed to have been produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20829862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829862" title="Susanne Hart">
Susanne Hart

Susanne Hart (born 1927 in Austria, died 2010 in South Africa), also known under the short form Sue Hart or as Susanne Harthoorn, was a South African veterinarian and environmentalist.
Biography.
Born in Austria, Susanna Wiedrich spent most of her childhood in England. After her graduation from the Royal Veterinary College in London in 1950 she initially worked at the Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. In the 1950s she moved to Port Elizabeth in South Africa where she soon married a South African named Solomon. The marriage ended in divorce after a few years and Sue Hart had to raise two children on her own. Sue Hart's second husband was veterinarian Toni Harthoorn whom she had known since college. He was notable for the development of the M-99 (etorphine hydrochloride) capture drug and its accompanying gun, the capture gun, for darting big game animals. He was known by the Swahili name Daktari (Swahili: doctor).
In 1964, Sue and her husband moved to Kenya where they met George Adamson. Adamson became Sue Hart's mentor and she learned all about handling wild animals from him. Sue Hart and Toni Harthoorn built up a wildlife orphanage which became noteworthy for its pioneering operations on cheetahs and lions, including the eye surgery on George Adamson's lion, Ugas. After Hungarian-born American television producer Ivan Tors became aware of this project he was so impressed by the work of the Harthoorns that he used it as inspiration for the television film "Clarence, the Cross-Eyed Lion" and the series "Daktari".
In 1967, Susanne Hart was one of the readers in the BBC children's television series "Jackanory". In the mid 1970s she returned to South Africa. In 1985, Hart founded and championed the non-profit organisation Ecolink which supports children who lost their parents due to AIDS.
Dr Sue Hart died on 6 January 2010, after a stroke. Her funeral was held at Ecolink.

</doc>
<doc id="20829863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829863" title="Sir Philip Muntz, 1st Baronet">
Sir Philip Muntz, 1st Baronet

Sir Philip Albert Muntz, 1st Baronet (5 January 1839 – 21 December 1908) was an English businessman and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1884 to 1906.
Muntz was the son of George Frederic Muntz of Umberslade Hall, Warwickshire and his wife Eliza Price. He was a J.P. for Warwickshire. In 1881 he built Dunsmore House, a three storey Grade II listed country house near Rugby.
In 1884, Muntz was elected as a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Warwickshire North but the constituency was abolished under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885. He was elected as MP for Tamworth at the 1885 general election, and held the seat until his death in 1908.
He was created baronet on 7 August 1902.
Muntz married his cousin Rosalie Muntz, daughter of Philip Henry Muntz in 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="20829876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829876" title="Triangle (chart pattern)">
Triangle (chart pattern)

Triangles are commonly found in the price charts of financially traded assets (stocks, bonds, futures, etc.). The pattern derives its name from the fact that it is characterized by a contraction in price range and converging trendlines, thus giving it a triangular shape.
Triangle Patterns can be broken down into three categories: the ascending triangle, the descending triangle, and the symmetrical triangle. While the shape of the triangle is significant, of more importance is the direction that the market moves when it breaks out of the triangle. Lastly, while triangles can sometimes be reversal patterns—meaning a reversal of the prior trend—they are normally seen as continuation patterns (meaning a continuation of the prior trend).
The ascending triangle.
The ascending triangle is formed when the market makes higher lows and the same level highs. These patterns are normally seen in an uptrend and viewed as a continuation pattern as buying demand gain more and more control, running up to the top resistance line of the pattern. While you normally will see this pattern form in an uptrend, if you do see it in a downtrend it should be paid attention to as it can act as a powerful reversal signal.
The chart below offers an example of an ascending triangle.
The descending triangle.
The descending triangle is formed when the market makes lower highs and the same level lows. These patterns are normally seen in a downtrend and viewed as a continuation pattern as the bears gain more and more control running down to the bottom support line of the pattern. While you normally will see this pattern form in a downtrend, if you do see it in an uptrend it should be paid attention to as it can act as a powerful reversal signal.
The image below illustrates.
The symmetrical triangle.
The symmetrical triangle is formed when the market makes lower highs and higher lows and is commonly associated with directionless markets as the contraction of the market range indicates that neither the bulls nor the bears are in control. If this pattern forms in an uptrend then it is considered a continuation pattern if the market breaks out to the upside and a reversal pattern if the market breaks to the downside. Similarly if the pattern forms in a downtrend it is considered a continuation pattern if the market breaks out to the downside and a reversal pattern if the market breaks to the upside.
The image below illustrates.

</doc>
<doc id="20829879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829879" title="Velleia montana">
Velleia montana

Velleia montana is a perennial herbaceous plant that is native to New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania in Australia, growing mainly in woodland and subalpine grassland, and at higher altitudes south from Boonoo Boonoo. It has oblanceolate to obovate leaves that are long and wide. The yellow flowers have a corolla. It blooms from November to February.

</doc>
<doc id="20829891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829891" title="Monsters, Inc. Scream Team">
Monsters, Inc. Scream Team

Monsters, Inc. Scream Team (Monsters, Inc. Scare Island in Europe and Monsters Inc. Monster Academy in Japan) is a platform game published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation. It is a prequel to Pixar's 2001 film "Monsters, Inc." but set after the events of "Monsters University" (which was released 12 years after the first film), Screenshots and the first information of the game were released in August 2001, and the game was released in the United States in 2001 and in the PAL region in 2002. In 2011, the game was made available on the PlayStation Store for digital download, priced at $5.99 US dollars.
Plot.
Mike and Sulley try to get a job at Monsters, Inc., and they go to Scare Island in order to train to become top scarers.
Gameplay.
This 12-level game begins after completion of an orientation program hosted by Roz, who shows the monsters the basics of their training. The levels are divided among three training grounds located on Scare Island. With names hinting at the nature of their design, the Urban Training Grounds, Desert Training Grounds and Arctic Training Grounds contain four areas to be explored. Each region ranges in scenery from a city park to a frozen lake, and players can choose to play as either Sulley or Mike, with each monster having different moves and scare abilities.
The objective of the game is to successfully scare all the robot children (known as "Nerves") on the island and graduate from monster training with top honors. This is accomplished by collecting bronze, silver and gold medals that are awarded throughout the game. The bronze medal can be obtained by scaring five Nerves on a level; the silver medal can be obtained by finding and collecting 10 "Monsters, Inc." Tokens scattered on a level; and the gold medal can be obtained by scaring all the 8 Nerves of a level. Obtaining the bronze medal in each sub-level of one training ground unlocks a hidden item that may help the player reach previously unreachable areas. By each level the player beats, he unlocks a clip of the "Monsters, Inc." film.
Items used include Extra Try Tokens (that gives extra lives to the player), Monsters, Inc. Tokens (that earn silver medals for every ten collected) and Primordial Ooze, which is the substance that gives the monsters their scare power. The random Bag O' Calories increases health, while mailboxes provide tips and information vital to the player's success. Nerves and items may be hidden, but can be discovered by searching in and around boxes and other objects.
Voice cast.
None of the characters of "Scream Team" are voiced by their original voice actors, with the exception of Henry Waternoose, Randall and Ms. Flint.

</doc>
<doc id="20829907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829907" title="Labuništa">
Labuništa

Labuništa (, or "Llabunisht") is a village in the southwestern region of the Republic of Macedonia, located in Struga Municipality.
Geography.
The village of Labuništa is located at above sea level on the Eastern side of the Jablanica mountain range. The village is located around from Struga, the closest town. The nearest villages to Labuništa include Podgorci (), Boroec (), Vevčani () and Oktisi (). The village is located close to the Black Drim river and the Globočica lake.
Demographics.
Demographic History.
According to Vasil Kanchov's study of Macedonia in 1900, ""Macedonia, Ethnography and Statistics"", (), counted the village as having 660 Bulgarian Christian and 800 Muslim (Torbeš) inhabitants. 
Dimitar Mišev's 1905 study of the Bulgarian Exarchate, "Macedonia and its Christian population" (), counted 128 exarchists in and 512 patriarchists in the village. According to 1961 data by anthropologist Joel Halpern the village's population was composed of 2,345 Macedonian Muslims and 380 Christian Macedonians.
The population of the village in past censuses:
Demographics today.
According to the 2002 national census, 5,936 people live in the village. According to the 2002 census, in Labuništa lived:
Regarding the mother tongue of the population, the following results were given:

</doc>
<doc id="20829941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829941" title="Rijeka Open">
Rijeka Open

The Rijeka Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually in Rijeka, Croatia, since 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20829951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20829951" title="Skin (Hayder novel)">
Skin (Hayder novel)

Skin (2009) is a novel by British writer Mo Hayder, this novel is the fourth to feature her series character Jack Caffery.

</doc>
<doc id="20830044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830044" title="The Redeemer (novel)">
The Redeemer (novel)

The Redeemer is a novel by popular Norwegian crime-writer Jo Nesbø, it is an entry in his popular and critically acclaimed Harry Hole series.
Plot.
"The Redeemer" begins by describing an incident which took place a number of years in the past, in 1991, at a youth camp run by the Norwegian Salvation Army. A young, 14-year old girl – the daughter of a senior official in the Salvation Army – is raped in a public toilet on the site. Due to the Salvation Army's strict hierarchical setup, and also because revelation of the rape will severely damage the Salvation Army's reputation, she does not tell anyone about the ordeal. The name of the assailant is not given; the chapter includes mention of several young men who would play major roles in the later plot, and it could have been any of them. 
Another aspect of the past, scattered in numerous flashbacks throughout the book, are vivid reminiscences of the 1991 Battle of Vukovar during the Breakup of Yugoslavia, and of the atrocities committed in its aftermath by the victorious Serb militias. Similar to the flashbacks to the Second World War in "The Redbreast", these are integral to the book's plot - having formed the character of a young Vukovar Croat fighter who received the nickname "Little Redeemer", who would later become a professional hitman, carrying out contract killings in various European cities. 
The action moves to the present day (2003), and the Croat assassin – calling himself Stankic – arrives in Oslo and kills a Salvation Army officer during a Christmas street concert. The hitman has a facial anomaly known as hyperelasticity, wherein his facial muscles can be manipulated voluntarily to stop people from recognizing him. As such, despite the murder happening in a public place the Norwegian police get little useful information regarding the murderer. The reader already does know who pulled the trigger – however, the identity of the customer who paid for the killing and this customer's motives remain unknown, and are at the center of the mystery which must be unravelled. 
Meanwhile, the senior Police Inspector from the Oslo Police, Bjarne Møller, retires. As a parting gesture, he gives his three main officers, Jack Halvorsen (called Halvorsen by his colleagues), Beate Lønn – Halvorsen's girlfriend – and Harry Hole gifts. Harry's is a wristwatch which grows to annoy Harry due to the incessant ticking of the second-hand. At one point, he even throws it out of the window of his apartment, though later recovers it from the packed snow. Møller is replaced by Gunnar Hagen.
Harry, Halvorsen and Beatte are assigned to the murder of the Salvation Army officer – a man called Robert Karlsen. When a murder attempt is made on Robert's brother, Jon Karlsen it is believed that the Karlsen family is being attacked.
Harry's former girlfriend, Rakel, has now left him and is with another man, Matthias Lund-Helgesen (who is to become a major character in the next Harry Hole novel, "The Snowman") and Harry meets up – and eventually begins a relationship – with Martine, the young woman who (unbeknownst to Harry) was raped at the start of the novel.
Harry finds clues that lead him to Croatia and he makes contact with the hitman's minder who is revealed to be the Stankic's mother. He makes a deal with her to save her son's life, but upon returning to Norway discovers that a man wearing Stankic's clothes has been shot and killed by an armed police marksman. The dead man's face is all but obliterated and identification is near-impossible.
There is a clue, however, in the dead man's DNA, after Halvorsen is fatally wounded outside Jon Karlsen's flat. The blood of the dead man does not match that of Stankic, whose blood was found at the scene of the attack on Halvorsen. Harry continues to follow Stankic, but now knows that Stankic was contracted to kill Jon Karlsen by Jon Karlsen himself. Jon switched places with his brother (the two looked very similar so Stankic did not notice the difference) in order for that murder of his brother could not be blamed on him. When in Croatia, setting up the hit, Jon had posed as Robert.
Jon is also swindling the Salvation Army out of 5,000,000 krone for an apartment block. On the night of an indoor Christmas concert in a concert hall, Jon Karlsen stands up his girlfriend, Thea, claiming that his father – in Thailand – is ill and that he is going to fly out to him. Stankic and - later - Harry Hole both get the details from Thea that Jon is about to flee the country.
Stankic catches up with Jon Karlsen in a toilet block some distance from the main airport terminal. Harry also catches up with the two of them there, and gets Jon Karlsen to give a full confession, stating that anything said with a gun (Stankic's) to his head is inadmissible in court. Jon tells everything, believing that he will be set free, but Harry instead tells Stankic that Jon's bag contains the 5,000,000 krone and walks away. Behind him a single shot is heard. In effect, Harry has become Accessory Before the Act to murder.
Part of the confession includes that it was Jon Karlsen, not Stankic, who fatally wounded Halvorsen. Harry also knows that it was Jon who raped Martine some years earlier, and that he has been raping young girls regularly ever since. Jon is seen to have been an unreliable narrator, as numerous episodes told from his point of view in earlier parts of the book gave the impression of his being an honest, well-meaning person.
Owing to the high valuation that an antique dealer puts on the watch given to him by Bjarne Møller, Harry also realises that his former boss was involved in the same group of corrupt police officers as his former nemesis, Tom Waaler. Harry goes to Bergen to speak with Møller but – after Møller describes that he was trying to do what was best for the Force, Harry elects not to arrest him.
English translation.
As with previous Harry Hole novels by Jo Nesbø, the book - called Frelseren in Norwegian - was translated into English by Don Bartlett.

</doc>
<doc id="20830051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830051" title="Jardin botanique de Bordeaux">
Jardin botanique de Bordeaux

The Jardin botanique de Bordeaux (0.5 hectares) is a municipal botanical garden located at Place Bardineau, Bordeaux, Gironde, Aquitaine, France; it is open daily without charge. This historic garden has been recently supplemented by the Jardin botanique de la Bastide, located across the river.
Although the garden's origins extend back to 1629 AD, with the creation of Bordeaux's first medicinal garden, today's botanical garden dates to 1858. It currently contains more than 3000 plant species, both those indigenous to Aquitaine and exotic plants from North America, China and Japan. It is organized as a systematic collection. The garden's seed collection contains 2,000 taxa, and its herbarium contains about 85,000 specimens. 

</doc>
<doc id="20830055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830055" title="Hwayobi">
Hwayobi

Park Hwayobi (February 11, 1982), more commonly known as Hwayobi, is a female South Korean R&B singer.
Profile.
Hwayobi is regarded South Korea’s “Queen of R&B,” renowned for her beautiful, soulful voice and powerful performances. Not just a singer, but a lyricist and composer, she makes many of her own songs. Hwayobi’s talent earned her awards for Best Female R&B artist and Best Female Ballad Singer from the Korean Entertainment Art Awards in 2005 and 2006. Having been in the industry since her debut in 2000, she has over ten albums, some in Japanese. Her appearance on the variety show We Got Married in 2008 helped boost her popularity among the Korean public, and she has most recently been featured on Immortal Song.
Variety Shows.
Between 14 September 2008 and January 18, 2009 Hwayobi appeared on the show We Got Married "우리 결혼했어요!" together with Hwanhee.
In 2013, Hwayobi appeared on Master Chef Korea Celebrity. 

</doc>
<doc id="20830069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830069" title="Association for the Scientific Study of Anomalous Phenomena">
Association for the Scientific Study of Anomalous Phenomena

The Association for the Scientific Study of Anomalous Phenomena (ASSAP) is a UK-based education and research charity, dedicated to scientifically investigate alleged paranormal and anomalous phenomena, with a view to approaching the subject in its entirety rather than looking into the psychology of individual phenomenon. The charity also incorporates various smaller groups, providing support during investigations. Paranormal Awakening and the Midlands Ghost Research Society belong to this category. They also hold training days for would-be investigators and provide research grants.
The charity also has sub-committees such as the Circles Research Program, who investigate crop circles. On average they hold 1,000 investigations a year.
ASSAP's refusal to accept populist explanations for ghosts and its focus on recording of experience rather than phenomena has garnered cautious praise from skeptics. The first part of their investigative process, which is used to detect obvious fraud, is kept a secret from the public.
History.
The ASSAP was founded on 10 June 1981 by Council members of the Society for Psychical Research who were modernisers; its current president is Lionel Fanthorpe. The previous president was Michael Bentine who had a long term interest in the subject of the paranormal.
Founding members included well-known authors Hilary Evans and Jenny Randles as well as Fortean Times editor Bob Rickard, Dr Vernon Harrison and Dr Hugh Pincott (previously secretary and treasurer of the Society for Psychical Research) 
Current Activities.
Though the charity still analysis ghostly photographs, in 2011 it ceased to study smartphone pictures, as apps became available for the specific purpose of faking ghostly figures. The charity asked members to send before and after pictures using the applications to help weed out fakes.
In 2013 the organisation staged a one-day "Summit on the Future of Ufology", stating that a possible crisis in the world of UFO researchers, as well as recent sightings, required examination. They held a similar conference in 2012 at the University of Worcester. They had earlier hosted the "Paranormal Olympics" at the University of London.
They currently hold up to 1,600 books on the paranormal which are available for members. Since 2006 the charity launched Project Albion, creating a database with the goal of recording every fortean event in the country.
Affiliate organizations.
Coventry Paranormal Investigators.
The Coventry Paranormal Investigators (or Midlands Ghost Research Society) is a paranormal investigation group founded in 2002 by Martin and Amanda Higginson. The group is affiliated with the Association for the Scientific Study of Anomalous Phenomena.
Martin said he was inspired to start the group after seeing his grandmother's ghost when he was eight years old. They group serves the entire UK with the Higginson's frequently travelling to investigate paranormal claims. The group has conducted over 22 investigations. They have captured numerous 'ghostly' phenomenon including orbs and magnetic fluctuations. Their most famous investigation was of St. Mary's Great Hall.
The group's aim is to prove the existence of ghosts and to this end they carry out investigations using an array of scientific equipment; from infra-red cameras to electromagnetic frequency metres. They also perform vigils to look out for ghosts. The vigils are limited to twenty investigators at one time.
The Ghost Research Society has taken part in numerous charity drives including one for Children in Need and another where they raised £1,500 for cerebral palsy research. For all of their charity drives they perform 'lock-ins', where the group is sponsored to lock themselves in a 'haunted' building overnight.

</doc>
<doc id="20830085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830085" title="Coaltown of Wemyss">
Coaltown of Wemyss

The Coaltown of Wemyss () is the closest village to Wemyss Castle, Fife, Scotland. ""The Coaltown"" has a primary school, some small shops, the Earl David Hotel, named after David Wemyss, 2nd Earl of Wemyss and cottages originally built for mineworkers. Close to the village are now-unworked deep coal mine workings. There is a gateway leading towards Wemyss Castle. Wemyss Castle is not open to the public but Wemyss Castle Gardens are open 1 April to 31 July.

</doc>
<doc id="20830113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830113" title="Brent Tyler">
Brent Tyler

Brent Tyler is a lawyer in Quebec, Canada, known for his frequent court challenges to "Bill 101", Quebec's Charter of the French Language temporarily disbarred in November 2011 for not completing the continuing education requirements.
Career.
In 2008, he challenged Quebec's Bill 104, which amended the Charter of the French Language to remove private school education in English as one of the ways that children became eligible for public school education in English, in front of the Supreme Court of Canada. In 2009, The Supreme Court ruled Bill 104 unconstitutional and gave the government of Quebec one year to put in place new rules. The Supreme Court did not grant Tyler the $100,000 in lawyer fees that he was seeking. 
In 2005, he lost a case in the Supreme Court where he tried to get parts of Bill 101 dealing with restrictions on eligibility for English public schools declared unconstitutional. He was also involved in a 2003 case he called the "Lion and the Walrus" case, where he tried to get part of the French Language Charter that regulated the use of languages other than French on commercial signs declared unconstitutional. He won the case in provincial court but lost the appeals in front of Superior Court and the Quebec Court of Appeal. The Supreme Court decided not to hear the case, to which Tyler responded that the Supreme Court "screwed up big time". He applied to the United Nations to review the case. The United Nations also rejected hearing the case, stating that Tyler did not use all the arguments that he could have used when the case was in Canadian courts.
Tyler was an unsuccessful candidate for the Equality Party in the 1994 Quebec provincial election in the riding of Westmount–Saint-Louis. He came fourth with 727 votes (2.17%), compared to the winner, Jacques Chagnon, who received 26,478 votes (79.2%). (The Equality Party had won the Westmount-Saint-Louis riding in the previous election.)
From 2001 to 2004, he was president of the pro-English language lobby group, Alliance Quebec His term as president was marked by infighting and questioning of the organization's continued relevance. During his term as president, Alliance Quebec membership dropped by 50% to 1554 members, its lowest-ever number. Also during his term, grants and donations to Alliance Quebec dropped from nearly $950,000 per year to less than $500,000. He resigned before his term was finished. The year after he resigned, the group ran out of money and closed down.
Interviewers have characterized Brent Tyler as having a "brazen, ramrod persona" and he has been criticized for his "hair-trigger temper". He was found guilty of a 1995 assault of a pedestrian who touched his car. The judge found that Tyler got out of his car, knocked the man over and kicked him in the head. He was given a conditional discharge pending a $500 donation to charity. Tyler's argument of self-defence was rejected, the judge saying that "revenge and not self-defense more aptly described what ensued". Despite losing his appeal, Tyler never admitted doing anything wrong and challenged his victim to sue him in civil court.
Tyler states that his law practice has suffered due to his political activities, including his outspoken support for issues such as the partition of Quebec and his controversial Bill 101 cases. Some of his fees for his Bill 101 cases have been paid for by fund-raising events and donations by groups opposed to Bill 101, including: the National Citizens Coalition (then headed by current Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper), National Post editor Diane Francis, the lobby group headed by Howard Galganov and the Montreal weekly newspaper, "The Suburban".

</doc>
<doc id="20830120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830120" title="Peston">
Peston

Peston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20830121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830121" title="2008 Campeonato Brasileiro Sub-20">
2008 Campeonato Brasileiro Sub-20

The Campeonato Brasileiro Sub 20 2008 "(Under-20 Brazilian Championship)" was the 3rd edition of the annual tournament organized by FGF, the Rio Grande do Sul State Football Federation. Only players with 20 years-old or less are allowed to play. The competition was contested by all teams on the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A 2008, except from Vasco and São Paulo, which were replaced by Corinthians and Juventude. It began on December 8 and the final match was played on December 21, 2008.
The matches were played at four stadiums: Passo D'Areia and PUC Sport Stadium in Porto Alegre; Morada dos Quero-Queros in Alvorada; and Municipal Farroupilha in Alegrete.
After reaching the final for the second time in history, Grêmio won its first title. They have beaten city rivals Internacional in the semifinal match and then, in the final match, they came back from a 0-1 score against Sport to win the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20830148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830148" title="Wilfried Richter">
Wilfried Richter

Wilfried Richter (9 May 1916 — 18 April 1981) was an Obersturmbannführer in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Wilfried Richter was awarded the Knight's Cross while in command of a Sturmgeschütz (Assault Gun, StuG) Battery, 3rd SS Sturmgeschütz Battalion, 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf" on the 21 April 1942.
He later went on to command the II.Battalion, 95th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment, 38th SS Division "Nibelungen"

</doc>
<doc id="20830150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830150" title="The Writing Camp">
The Writing Camp

The Writing Camp is an American songwriter collective, founded by Evan "Kidd" Bogart and David "DQ" Quiñones. Since its formation in 2007, the team has been responsible for a series of successful released in pop, R&B and dance music, including 2008's "Right Here (Departed)" by Brandy and Beyoncé Knowles's "Halo."
History.
Eventually a trio, the collective was formed in October 2007 following a writing camp throw by Bogart & Quiñones in J.R. Rotem's studio at Chalice, adding Erika Nuri to the collective shortly thereafter. A fourth member originally added, Victoria Horn, a British songwriter, left the formation soon-after joining amicably due to creative and business differences about the overall goals of the The Camp. The remaining original trio has since formed The Writing Camp LLC, housing a music publishing company, music production house and music supervision company for television, film & commercials. TWC Music Publishing has signed three songwriters Greg Ogan, Shari Short & Eric Bellinger, through their joint-venture with Sony ATV Music Publishing.
The 2011 Bravo series "Platinum Hit" was an elimination competition series featuring undiscovered singer-songwriters where talented newcomers battle through a series of innovative songwriting challenges to find out who's ready for the top of the pop charts. In each episode, the winning song will be revealed in a performance by a special guest star, some of the hottest singers today. True Entertainment (“The Real Housewives of Atlanta”) developed the reality series for Bravo with Steven Weinstock, Glenda Hersh, Tim Bogart, Evan Bogart, David Quinones and Erika Nuri serving as executive producers. The Writing Camp is also a producer.
Discography.
Songs Written by The Writing Camp.
3LW - "Love Don't Cost a Thing - Soundtrack"
Adam Lambert - "For Your Entertainment"
Ashley Tisdale - "Headstrong"
B2K - "Pandemonium!"
Babyface - "Face2Face"
Beyoncé - "I Am... Sasha Fierce"
Big Time Rush - "BTR"
Blake Lewis - "A.D.D. (Audio Day Dream)"
Brandy - "Human"
Britney Spears - "Blackout"
Calvin Richardson - "Bringing Down the House - Soundtrack"
The Cheetah Girls - "TCG"
Chingy - "Powerballin"'
Chipmunk - "Transition"
The D.E.Y. - "The DEY Has Come EP"
Demi Lovato - "Here We Go Again"
Donna Summer - "Crayons"
Enrique Iglesias - "Euphoria"
Fantasia - "Fantasia"
Governor - "Son of Pain"
Greyson Chance - "Hold On 'til the Night"
Heidi Montag - TBD
Hilary Duff - "Best of Hilary Duff"
J. Holiday - "Back of My Lac
Jada (band) - "TBD"
Jason Derülo - "Jason Derülo"
Jennifer Lopez - "Brave"
Jennifer Lopez - "Love?"
Jesse McCartney - "Departure"
Jessi Malay - TBD
Jessica Simpson - VH1's "The Price of Beauty"
Justice Crew - TBD
K-Ci & JoJo - "X"
Keke Palmer - "So Uncool"
Keyshia Cole - "A Different Me"
Kristinia Debarge - "Exposed"
LaLa - "American Mija"
Leona Lewis - "Echo"
Livvi Franc - "TBD"
Lucy Walsh - "Lost in the Lights"
M. Pokora - "MP3"
Melissa Schuman - "Love Don't Cost A Thing - Soundtrack"
NLT - Not Like Them
No Angels - "Welcome to the Dance"
Paris Hilton - "Paris"
Pussycat Dolls - TBD
Rigo Luna - "TBD"
Rihanna - "A Girl Like Me"
Sarah Connor - "Sexy as Hell"
Sean Kingston - "Sean Kingston"
Tony Rich - "Words"
Varsity Fanclub - "TBD"
Xscape - "Off The Hook"

</doc>
<doc id="20830158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830158" title="Jardin botanique de la Bastide">
Jardin botanique de la Bastide

The Jardin botanique de la Bastide (4 hectares) is a municipal botanical garden located along the right bank of the Garonne along the Allée Jean Giono in Bordeaux, Gironde, Aquitaine, France; it is open daily without charge. This new garden is an offshoot of the older Jardin botanique de Bordeaux, located across the river.
The garden opened in 2003 and is organized into six sections, including an arboretum, fields of grain, an alley of vines, and a water garden (1,250 m²). It also contains greenhouses, as well as eleven landscapes representing the environments of Aquitaine, including dune, cliff, wet grassland, moorland, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20830163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830163" title="Rumble (slamball team)">
Rumble (slamball team)

The Rumble is one of six teams currently competing in SlamBall.
History.
The Los Angeles Rumble were one of two original Slamball teams, along with the Chicago Mob, formed in 2001. In their first season,they beat the Diablos (now the Hombres) 46-41 and won the first ever championship. The next season they made the playoffs again but lost to the Slashers, after which the league went on hiatus until 2008. When they returned, they finished with a 9-3 record and went to the championship to play the Slashers, whom they lost to, 48-46. The Rumble are the only team to have been in the playoffs every season.

</doc>
<doc id="20830167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830167" title="The Beltanes">
The Beltanes

The Beltanes were a Glasgow, Scotland-based band, active from around 1987 to 1992. They were regular performers on the Glasgow live music scene, but also travelling and playing in various locations in Scotland, from Greenock to Aberdeen. They wrote all of their own material, adding some classic covers for their live performances. They also made a number of studio recordings, and a promotional video.
Recordings.
The two significant recording sessions were held at CaVa Studios in Glasgow and The Warehouse in Coatbridge. The Warehouse recordings were produced by Ted Blakeway, who now runs The Foundry Music Lab with Graeme Duffin (Guitarist with Wet Wet Wet) and Sandy Jones. Seven songs in total were recorded, but as the band were never signed to a record label the songs were never released. However, some of the tracks were given airplay on Glasgow-based radio stations. The promotional video, made by film students known to the band, was shot in numerous locations in and around Glasgow including the Winter Gardens at The People's Palace.
Record label interest and competitions.
The four songs from The Warehouse session were used to attract record label interest, which included discussions with Alan McGee at Creation Records, and were also used as the band's entry into a competition for unsigned bands run by Evening Times, where the prize on offer was a management deal with London based Artist Connection. The band won the competition but the proposed management deal was refused by the band following protracted negotiations. Attempts to attach punitive contract terms similar to those eventually overturned against Silvertone Records and Zomba Music by The Stone Roses with the support of Geffen Records, left the band unwilling to sign.
Live performances.
The Beltanes live performances notably included headlining several times at King Tut's Wah Wah Hut, and also supporting Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie at Glasgow's Barrowland Ballroom and Ayr Pavilion during their 1991 'Hammer and Tongs' tour, shortly before the departure of Shirley Manson to front Garbage.
The band, although unsigned, bucked the trend of billing at Glasgow's premier club venue, King Tut's, by headlining in King Tut's first ever music and comedy combo, airing for the first time some of Glasgow's leading comedy talent from Glasgow's Blackfriars Comic Club as support. In addition, this groundbreaking formula took place in the same week as another unsigned band were lucky enough to be picked up. That band, Oasis, were required by King Tut's Management to share billing, unlike the Beltanes, indicating the esteem in which the venue held them.
The comedy connection continued with other successful collaborations, notably at Glasgow University Union with the band supporting a Glasgow Comic Club gig in return, featuring comic talents such as Fred MacAulay, Greg Hemphill, John Paul Leach and John Gillick in addition to another band featuring Carol Smillie on vocals.
Breaking in other new Glasgow venues, including Glasgow's Nice'n'Sleazy, the band continued their musical development, narrowly escaping arrest along with their regular crew from Hyper PA when Strathclyde Police swept in to raid an impromptu rave in the disused printworks in Glasgow's Herbert Street. Organised largely by unknown street associates of the then Editor of M8 Magazine, the source of the police tip off was never discovered and the band escaped in a hire van as the police swept in and cordoned off the building.
Influences.
The Beltanes music drew on many influences, from the classic Blues of artists like Robert Johnson, through Jimi Hendrix, The Rolling Stones and Cream, to the Manchester music scene also known as Madchester from which bands such as The Stone Roses and The Happy Mondays emerged.
Press coverage.
In addition to the press coverage in The Evening Times generated by the competition win, the band received press coverage notably in M8 Magazine, who referred to them as 'an icon for the 90's'.
Band members.
Two of the band members, Marc (drums) and Mark (guitars, vocals, flute), had originally been brought together musically whilst at school, where one of their early projects was performing in a band with other local bands to raise significant charity funds for the Live Aid appeal, under the name of "She Said".
As their music matured and developed, they were joined by Mark's brother Paul (guitars, vocals), along with friends Michael (guitars, accordion) and Ian (bass guitar), to form the original line-up as The Beltanes. Ian left in 1991 and was replaced by Nigel.
The band never officially split up, but they have not played together since 1992. Marc is now a business consultant, Mark is now studying to be a lawyer, Paul is now a doctor, Michael is now a teacher, Ian is now a clinical research associate, and Nigel is now a lecturer. All of them still live in Glasgow with the exception of Ian, who lives in West Lothian and Nigel, who lives in New Zealand.
Their contribution to Glasgow's rich musical culture of the time is not to be underestimated, developing and popularising many talents and music venues which continue to make a valuable contribution today.

</doc>
<doc id="20830175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830175" title="Mamaia Challenger">
Mamaia Challenger

The Mamaia Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It was part of the ATP Challenger Tour. It was held annually in Constanţa, Romania, since 2006 until 2009. The tournament was discontinued in 2010 due to financial reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20830184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830184" title="1985 Purdue Boilermakers football team">
1985 Purdue Boilermakers football team

The 1985 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented the Purdue University in the 1985 NCAA Division I-A football season. 
Season.
During the 1985 season, Jim Everett led the nation in total offense (3,589 yards), which was also a school record, since broken by Drew Brees. Everett finished sixth in balloting for the Heisman Trophy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20830196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830196" title="Supreme Court of Monaco">
Supreme Court of Monaco

The Monegasque Supreme Court is one of the highest courts of law in the city-state of Monaco for judicial appeals as well as ensuring the constitution of Monaco is upheld. It consists of five chief members and two assistant judges, appointed by the Prince of Monaco at the recommendation of the National Council of Monaco and other government bodies. The Supreme Court was established in 1962 following the new constitution to guarantee fundamental liberties.
The members of the Supreme Court must be forty years old at least. In practice, they are French jurists, either professors of public law or members of the French Court of Cassation or Council of State.

</doc>
<doc id="20830202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830202" title="The Width of Waters">
The Width of Waters

The Width of Waters is a novel by the American writer Alfred Kern. 
The story is set in 1953 in Buchanan, Pennsylvania (a fictionalized Meadville, north of Pittsburgh). The town is celebrating its sesquicentennial and Jack Gaitz, a young public relations man, is in charge of the festivities, all in the shadow of the Korean War as well as that of the Wolfe family, owners of the textile mill that is Buchanan's sole industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20830203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830203" title="Great deltoidal icositetrahedron">
Great deltoidal icositetrahedron

In geometry, the great deltoidal icositetrahedron is the dual of the nonconvex great rhombicuboctahedron.

</doc>
<doc id="20830205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830205" title="Jamaican Wood Rail">
Jamaican Wood Rail

The Jamaican Wood Rail, also called the Jamaican Uniform Rail was a subspecies of the Uniform Rail found on Jamaica. It went extinct circa 1881.
Appearance.
The Jamaican Wood Rail was a reddish-brown bird some 10 inches in length.
Ecology.
Although capable of flight, the Wood Rail was primarily a terrestrial bird, preferring to run to escape predators. It was originally widespread on the island, inhabiting swamps, jungle undergrowth and streambeds, to fairly high altitudes.
Extinction.
The Jamaican Wood Rail was driven to extinction by the introduction of rats, cats and mongooses to Jamaica. The last specimens of the bird were collected in 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="20830221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830221" title="OutRun Online Arcade">
OutRun Online Arcade

OutRun Online Arcade is a racing video game and the most recent release in the "OutRun" series. It was developed by Sumo Digital and published by Sega. The game was released on April 15, 2009 on Xbox Live Arcade. It was also released exclusively in Europe for the PlayStation 3 on April 16, 2009 via the PlayStation Network. Gameplay involves players racing their choice of Ferrari through a selection of fifteen stages in the shortest time possible.
The game was fairly well received by critics, with aggregate scores averaging 78% for both platforms at GameRankings. Reviewers generally felt that the game was a faithful adaptation of the "OutRun 2" series of games. The upgraded high definition graphics were also lauded. Critics felt that the game was worth the price, however, some felt that the amount of available content was lacking considering the cars and stages available in the series' other titles. On October 13, 2010, Sega announced that "OutRun Online" was taken down from the PlayStation Network and it was removed from Xbox Live Arcade in December 2011 due to the expiration of their contract with Ferrari.
Gameplay.
In "OutRun Online Arcade", the player navigates a car from a rear third-person perspective to race through a selection of fifteen stages. At the end of each stage, the player is presented with a fork in the road that allows the player to choose one of two stages. The left route presents an easier stage, while the right provides a greater challenge. The game times the player's performance, and passing through checkpoints award the player with extra time. Once the timer reaches zero or the player completes the race, the game ends.
"OutRun Online Arcade" features four modes of play: OutRun, Time Attack, Continuous Race, and Heart Attack. In OutRun mode, the player drives through five of fifteen stages, selecting them en route. The Continuous mode is similar to OutRun mode, but instead the player must drive through all fifteen stages. As in previous games in the series, there is a time limit that is extended upon passing checkpoints. Time Attack mode has the player race a ghost car over a pre-selected set of stages while timed. Time checks are presented to the player at various points on each stage.
Heart Attack mode is an expansion on OutRun mode. In addition to attempting to complete certain stages, a passenger riding in the player's vehicle will frequently request certain stunts and actions. These requests can include passing cars, drifting around bends, driving through marked lanes, knocking over cones, and avoiding crashes into objects for as long as possible. If successful, the player receives hearts from the passenger. Crashing into the scenery results in the player losing hearts. At the end of each section and stage, the player is graded based on the number of hearts received. Should the player reach a goal with a satisfying grade, a romantic ending is displayed.
Players can also compete in multiplayer races with up to six players. The hosting player can adjust options for the race, including the ability to toggle vehicle collisions, give a speed boost to allow slower players to catch up, and set the vehicle performance to normal or tuned. Online leaderboards are also present in the game, divided by game mode, vehicle performance setting, and driving stage.
Development.
Partially based on "", the game contains the fifteen courses from "OutRun 2 SP" and ten officially licensed Ferraris. "OutRun Online Arcade" also supports online head-to-head play for six players, as well as high definition graphics. To promote the game, Sega Europe held a contest in which the winner of a race would receive a trip to Maranello, Italy, where Ferraris are manufactured. The game was released on for the Xbox 360 on April 15, 2009, and was part of Microsoft's Days Of Arcade promotion. The PlayStation 3 release followed on April 16, 2009, exclusive to the European region.
The release was prior to Microsoft's raising of the maximum size of Xbox Live Arcade titles to 2 gigabytes, which would happen later that fall. Because of this, developer Sumo Digital had only 350 megabytes in which to fit the game. In order to fit the game into the size restrictions, several elements of "OutRun 2006: Coast 2 Coast" were removed from the game, including the fifteen original "OutRun 2" stages, several cars, and the player's choice of a passenger. Reviewers speculated that the developer would release additional content, bringing some of the lost content back as downloadable content. However, to date no downloadable content has been released. The game was removed from the PlayStation Network in October 2010, with the Xbox Live Arcade version being scheduled for removal in December 2011. Sega explained that the removal of the title was due to "the expiry of the contract with Ferrari."
Reception.
"OutRun Online Arcade" was fairly well received by critics. Aggregate sites GameRankings and Metacritic report scores of 78.97% and 79/100 for the Xbox 360, respectively. GameRankings reports a score of 78.64% for the PlayStation 3 version. Individual scores were mostly positive, with only two scores below the 70% range across both platforms. The game was first in sales on Xbox Live Arcade for the two weeks following its release, dropping to seventh during the third week.
Reviewers' overall impressions of the game were positive. "Games Master UK" called it a "timeless classic" with a "reasonable download price". "GamePro" noted the game's high replay value and reasonable price. IGN favorably compared the game to the original 1986 "Out Run", adding that it was a great option if "you're looking to waste a few hours drifting." Reviewers were mostly in accord in praising "OutRun Online Arcade"s arcade-style gameplay. They generally appreciated the HD resolutions and the other graphical improvements made to the "OutRun 2" engine. Game Revolution called "OutRun Online Arcade" "one of the better-looking 3D games on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network," citing graphical improvements to the cars in addition to the new lens flare and light bloom features.
Some reviewers complained of faulty multiplayer components. Videogamer.com felt the online portion was lacking considering the inclusion of the word online in the game's title. 1UP.com noted that though the game was worth the price, they would have preferred to pay a higher price to have additional content and a more stable online experience. Game Revolution also expressed disappointment in the fact that game modes and cars from "OutRun 2" and "OutRun 2006" were excluded from the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20830257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830257" title="Governor Joseph Johnson House">
Governor Joseph Johnson House

The Governor Joseph Johnson House, also known as Oakdale, is located on a half-acre lot that is bordered on the north by Johnson Avenue (named for the governor), on the west by Oakdale Avenue (named for the house), and on the south by Maple Street, in the town of Bridgeport, West Virginia. The house was constructed in 1818 for then Assemblyman Joseph Johnson. The structure is significant because it was the home of the only governor of Virginia from the Trans-Alleghany region and one of antebellum Western, now West Virginia's most significant public figures. 
Architecture.
Oakdale was originally a two-story frame residence. It was remodeled in about 1840 in the form of an Italianate architecture residence. Still two stories, it is basically a rectangular wood residence, with clapboard siding. There is a central corbelled chimney dating from 1818 period, as well as a middle-of-bay rear chimney that is part of the 1840 remodel. The home itself rests on a cut-stone foundation, in excellent condition; obviously the work of master stonemasons of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="20830286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830286" title="Party of Slovak Revival">
Party of Slovak Revival

Party of Slovak Revival (, SSO) was a political party founded in 1948 by pro-Communist members of the Slovak Democratic Party. It was accepted into the Czechoslovak National Front and got 17 seats in the Slovak parliament (Communists had 78 and the Freedom Party 4 seats). Jozef Mjartan, chairman of the SSO was the interim chairman of the Slovak parliament from 15 to 23 June 1958 and the party (as a satellite of the Communist party) had representatives in other government bodies during the Communist era. The Party of Slovak Revival broke with the Communist Party in 1989, but did not gain any importance in Slovak politics.

</doc>
<doc id="20830292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830292" title="DB Class ETA 150">
DB Class ETA 150

The accumulator cars of Class ETA 150 (Class 515 from 1968) were German railbuses used extensively by the Deutsche Bundesbahn (DB) over 40 years. The driving cars were very comfortable to travel in because they were quiet (despite the typical whine of its DC motors), rode well on the rails due to the weight of the batteries and were pollution-free (no smoke or fumes). They ran on both main and branch lines.
They were very popular with passengers. The vehicles were nicknamed "Akkublitz" ("Battery Lightning"), "Säurebomber" ("Battery Acid Bombers"), "Steckdosen-InterCity" ("Socket InterCitys"), "Taschenlampen-Express" ("Pocket Torch Express") or "Biene Maja" ("Maya the Bee" - due to its noise when under way).
History.
As a result of many years of favourable experience with this type of vehicle (the Prussian state railways had placed accumulator railcars in service as early as 1907 – these were later the Class ETA 178 in the Deutsche Reichsbahn) and evaluation of the results with the Class ETA 176 prototypes, the DB placed 232 Class ETA 150 power cars and 216 of their associated Class ESA 150 driving cars in service between 1953 and 1965.
The DB preferred to employ these two-coach sets on relatively level routes. They were rarely used on hilly lines due to the resultant high current consumption and hence limited range. In the main this only affected those vehicles stationed at Wanne-Eickel, and which were used in the Wuppertal area.
Its main areas of operation, apart from the Ruhrgebiet, were Schleswig-Holstein, eastern Lower Saxony, eastern Rhineland-Palatinate (in the "Westerwald" forest), south Hesse and south Baden. The last few railcars also worked in the area of the Rhine-Ruhr Transport Union ("Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Ruhr") or "VRR" until 1995.
Between 1978 and 1988 the railcars also worked from Aachen to Maastricht in the Netherlands.
In 1968, under the DB’s renumbering scheme, the power cars became Class 515, and the driving cars Class 815.
Compared with the Prussian "Wittfeld" accumulator cars, the ETA 150s had an uneven weight distribution − the batteries were located in the middle of the coach body instead of over the bogies, so that in their last few years in service they tended to sag in the middle, which resulted in their nickname of "Hängebauchschweine" ("Pot-bellied pigs").
Variants.
Passenger compartments.
The first batch had a high proportion of 1st class seating; this was changed for the second batch, the number of 1st class seats being reduced to just eight. All ETAs had a luggage compartment. The original 2+3 seat layout was changed in the later batches to a 2+2 configuration. 
Livery variations.
The twin-car sets were delivered in a wine-red livery. From 1975 some were repainted to beige and ocean-blue. Shortly before their retirement a few vehicles were painted in the DB’s paint scheme at that time - white and peppermint green - and ran in this livery on the "Nokia Railway" (today the "Glückauf Railway") from Bochum Hbf to Gelsenkirchen Hbf.
Preserved.
Two power cars were sold to the Regentalbahn (private railway), who converted them to diesel cars and designated them as Class VT 515-U.
Only a few vehicles could be preserved by museum railways because their maintenance is extremely difficult now that the maintenance of batteries at Limburg has ceased and the vehicles are required to go to charging stations. The maintenance and operation of normal railbuses is considerably easier. Number 515 556 is operational, but until it undergoes a general inspection it can only be used on the (museum) site of the locomotive depot.
The following have been preserved:

</doc>
<doc id="20830302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830302" title="Striosubulina">
Striosubulina

Striosubulina is a genus of small, tropical, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae. 
Species.
The genus "Striosubulina" includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20830321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830321" title="Helga Lindner">
Helga Lindner

Helga Lindner (born 5 May 1951) is a German swimmer. Born in Chemnitz, East Germany, she competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
In 1968 she won a silver medal in the women's 200 meter butterfly. Dutch competitor Ada Kok won the gold by one-tenth of a second, then the smallest unit of time in the Olympic swimming contests. She also competed in the 100 m butterfly and, as part of a team of four which included Uta Schmuck, the women's 4×100 m medley relay. The East German team came in fifth.
She participated in the 1970 European Aquatics Championships in Barcelona. She and three other swimmers (as a team) from East Germany won a gold medal in the women's 4×100 m medley relay. She personally won a gold medal in the women's 200 m butterfly. She also won a silver medal in the women's 100 m butterfly. 
She later competed for East Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics, but did not win any medals. She was part of the 200 m butterfly event.

</doc>
<doc id="20830324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830324" title="BRD Timișoara Challenger">
BRD Timișoara Challenger

The BRD Timișoara Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Timișoara, Romania since 2004. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor clay courts. For the last three years the tournament was not held due to financial reasons. In early 2012 it was announced that BRD – Groupe Société Générale will sponsor the tournament and thus will rename it to BRD Timișoara Challenger.

</doc>
<doc id="20830328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830328" title="Naomi Chiaki">
Naomi Chiaki

, is a Japanese singer and actress who worked from the late 1960s to the early 1990s.
Chiaki made her debut as a singer in 1969, and released her breakthrough single "Yottsu no Onegai" in the following year. "Kassai", a song which has been commonly considered her signature song was released in 1972 and gained success, and finally won the 14th Japan Record Award. "Kassai" sold over one million copies by February 1973, and was awarded a gold disc.
After marrying a former actor Eiji Go in 1978, Chiaki continued her career intermittently until circa 1992. However, she has disappeared from the Japanese entertainment scene for over 16 years, after her spouse died of lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20830336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830336" title="Chicago Opera House">
Chicago Opera House

The Chicago Opera House, (constructed in 1884–5) was a theater complex in Chicago, Illinois, USA, designed by the architectural firm of Cobb and Frost. The Chicago Opera House building took the cue provided by the Metropolitan Opera of New York as a mixed-used building: it housed both a theater and unrelated offices, used to subsidize the cost of the theater building. The theater itself was located in the middle of the complex and office structures flanked each side. The entire complex was known as the "Chicago Opera House Block," and was located at the Southwest corner of W. Washington Ave. and N. Clark St. 
The Chicago Opera House was opened to the public on August 18, 1885. The first performance in the new theater was of "Hamlet" starring Thomas W. Keene.
The theater suffered a fire in December 1888, which mainly damaged portions of the roof. However, the roof was repaired, and most of the exterior of the building remained undamaged. During its existence, the Chicago Opera House was the site of the premiere of several successful musicals such as "Sinbad" and "The Arabian Nights".
The last performance at the building was the stage play ""The Escape"" by Paul Armstrong (later made into a film, now lost, by D.W. Griffith in 1914). Demolition on The Chicago Opera House began May 5, 1913. The site is currently occupied by the Burnham Center (formerly known as the Conway Building), completed in 1915.
Construction.
The idea for the Chicago Opera House came from Scottish-born newspaperman and financier David Henderson. Henderson "planned the scheme and the stock— 550,000— was subscribed in six weeks. Thus Chicago had the first fireproof, steel constructed, electric lighted theatre in the country." The construction of the Chicago Opera House was one of the earliest examples of general contracting, run by George A. Fuller. Upon completion, the masonry-clad building was 10 stories and 140 feet tall.

</doc>
<doc id="20830343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830343" title="Dominion Bus Lines">
Dominion Bus Lines

Dominion Bus Lines is a bus transportation company in the Philippines. It operates a 24/7 service for passengers and freight (known as "waybill") between Metro Manila and northwest Luzon (the Ilocos corridor).
History.
The company was founded from its precursor,"Times Transit Transportation Co.," by Santiago Rondaris who inherited the earlier company from his parents Timoteo and Estelita Rondaris (hence, the name "TIMES"). Times was founded in the 1960s. The Rondarises also once operated the Shooting Star Freight Service alongside Times to answer the freight-moving needs of Ilocos Sur.
Times Transit mostly operated International Harvester Loadstar and some S-Series buses (and two Loadstar wreckers) with white, green and red livery with an illuminated logo on the roof, a few buses with a green and white paint scheme, with Superior Coach bodies built under license by Manila Motor Works. It was also known for its then-unique express buses, based on an International-Harvester bus platform and with Superior Coach bodies built under license by Manila Motor Works. They later supplanted their fleet with new air-conditioned buses, including some Hino buses with the then-new "Grandtheater" configuration—making them one of four bus companies operating in the North to field them (St. Joseph, Dagupan Bus, and Victory Liner being the other three), retaining the livery of the buses they supplanted. It had terminals along its route, from Laoag City in Ilocos Norte to Manila, and to Bangued, Abra and Baguio City; its terminal at the southern end of Quezon Avenue in its northern headquarters in Vigan is particularly well known for its unique style and its flashy sign, which was the first and, because of its unique design, only of its kind in the city.
A labor dispute between management and its employees union finally brought the company down in the 1990s. About a year later, MENCORP bought some of the company's assets (including its new air-conditioned Hino, Mitsubishi Fuso and Mercedes-Benz buses—including their Hino "Grandtheater" buses) and formed Dominion Bus Lines. As a result its route to Baguio was terminated, while all other routes by Times Transit were maintained. Its main terminal in Vigan is already half the size of its original dimensions, as part of the terminal is now leased to business establishments like a gasoline station and a private school; and, starting May 20, 2013, to Viron Transit.
Times' terminal, refueling stop, employees dormitory, and mini-garage in Bantay, Ilocos Sur, which is along the National Highway, formerly housed one of the most modern garages in the province. It now ceased operations and is currently occupied by food establishments (after its gasoline station ceased operations ten or so years after the company shut down). It still looks much like it was in its heyday, only without the gasoline pumps that served the buses. It is located across the street from where GMW Transit parks its buses in Vigan City.
HM Transport Inc. is a sister company of Dominion Bus Lines.
Recent Updates.
Currently, Dominion Bus Lines utilizes Mercedes Benz, Mitsubishi Fuso, and Hino buses - some of which are repowered with a new engine, mostly by Cummins Power Engine (former assets of Times), with a supplanting of King Long buses.
The principal provincial terminals are at Laoag City (Ilocos Norte), Vigan City (Ilocos Sur), Bangued (Abra), and San Fernando (La Union).
Recently, Dominion Bus Lines acquired Higer, Yutong and Daewoo Units (also to replace the five old buses won by the Times Employees' Union in a court case). They also began fielding "VIP Class" buses, with champagne-gold-colored livery with white lettering.

</doc>
<doc id="20830347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830347" title="Before Their Eyes (album)">
Before Their Eyes (album)

Before Their Eyes is the first studio album by Before Their Eyes, released in 2007, under the label Rise Records. The cover design is an original artwork by Derek Hess.
Track listing.
All tracks by Nick Moore

</doc>
<doc id="20830356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830356" title="The Alnwick Garden">
The Alnwick Garden

The Alnwick Garden is a complex of formal gardens adjacent to Alnwick Castle in the town of Alnwick, Northumberland, England. The gardens have a long history under the Dukes of Northumberland, but fell into disrepair; they have only been revived over the past ten years, and now feature many different themes and influences, built around a central water cascade. The final phase of development is still to come, which will include more gardens and an adventure play area.
History.
The first garden was laid down in 1750 by the 1st Duke of Northumberland, who employed Capability Brown, the celebrated gardener, to landscape the parkland adjoining Alnwick Castle.
The 3rd Duke was a plant collector, and led a century of development at Alnwick - he brought seeds from over the world, and pineapples were raised in hothouses. In the middle of the 19th century, the 4th Duke created an Italianate garden featuring a large conservatory, and at the end of the century, the gardens were at their grandest, with yew topiary, avenues of limes and acres of flowers.
During World War II’s Dig For Victory campaign, the garden was turned over and provided food, and soon afterwards the austerity of the 20th century saw the garden fall into disrepair. It was closed as a working garden in 1950.
Current developments.
Redevelopment of the garden was instigated by Jane Percy, Duchess of Northumberland, in 1997, and is being created by Belgian landscape designers Jacques and Peter Wirtz. It is the most ambitious new garden created in the United Kingdom since the Second World War, with a reported total development cost of £42 million. 
The first phase of development, opened in October 2001, involved the creation of the cascade and initial planting of the gardens. In 2004 a large 6,000 sq ft (560 m2) 'tree house' complex, including a cafe, was opened. It is one of the largest treehouses in the world. 
In February 2005, a poison garden, growing plants such as cannabis and opium poppy, was added. May 2006 saw the opening of a pavilion and visitor centre, designed by Sir Michael Hopkins and Buro Happold, which can hold up to 1,000 people. The pavilion and visitor centre feature a barrel-vaulted gridshell roof.
The garden now belongs to a charitable trust, which is separate from Northumberland Estates, although the Duke of Northumberland donated the 42-acre (17 ha) site and contributed £9 million towards the development costs.

</doc>
<doc id="20830361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830361" title="HMS Thetis (1846)">
HMS Thetis (1846)

HMS "Thetis" was a 36-gun fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy. After nearly a decade of service with the British, she was transferred to Prussia in exchange for two steam gunboats. She served with the Prussian Navy, the Norddeutsche Bundesmarine and the Kaiserliche Marine as a training ship until being stricken in 1871. "Thetis" was subsequently converted into a coal hulk and broken up in 1894–95.
Description and British career.
"Thetis" was a three-masted, ship-rigged frigate that had a sail area of . Her maximum speed was . The ship was considered to be a very good sea boat and very manoeuvrable, although she did suffer from severe pitching. "Thetis" had a crew of 330 officers and enlisted men in British service, but her crew numbered 35 officers and 345 enlisted men in Prussian service.
Measured at the gundeck, "Thetis" had a length of , a beam of and a depth of hold of . She was 1533 tons burthen in size and displaced . Forward, the ship had a draught of and aft.
In British service, "Thetis" was armed with eighteen 32-pounder (56 cwt) smoothbore and four 68-pounder (65 cwt) smoothbore shell guns on the upper deck. The ship was also fitted with ten 32-pounder guns on her quarterdeck and four more on her forecastle. All of these guns were of the lighter 25 cwt model. The Prussians rearmed her with thirty-eight Swedish 68-pounder guns, although two of these were later removed.
"Thetis" was designed by Read, Chatfield and Creuze and she was the only ship of her class, which was approved on 16 March 1843. With the approval of the final order "Thetis" was laid down at Devonport Dockyard on 2 December 1844. She was launched on 21 August 1846 and duly commissioned for service on 30 December 1846, having cost £40,605, this rising to £51,926 to have her fitted for sea. From 3 July 1850 to February 1854, her captain was Augustus Leopold Kuper. He commissioned her at Plymouth and sailed her to the south-east coast of America and then the Pacific. Kuper Island, one of the Gulf Islands in the Strait of Georgia, off the east coast of Vancouver Island, is named for him after he surveyed the area from 1851–53. A nearby island is named Thetis Island and several other localities on Vancouver Island are named after the ship, including Thetis Lake, Thetis Cove, Thetis Crescent and Thetis Lane.
German career.
After nine years of service she was disarmed and given to the Prussian Government in exchange for two steam gunboats on 12 January 1855. She was used by the Prussians as a training ship for cabin boys and naval cadets. By 1867, the ship was serving as an artillery training ship. Numbered among her cadets at this time was the future grand admiral Alfred von Tirpitz; also serving aboard her during this time were Lieutenant Commanders Eduard von Knorr and Max von der Goltz, both future admirals. After serving in the successive navies of the emerging German state, "Thetis" was stricken from the navy list on 28 November 1871. Her internal equipment was removed and she served as a coal hulk at Kiel, eventually being broken up there in 1894–95.

</doc>
<doc id="20830368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830368" title="John Parke (disambiguation)">
John Parke (disambiguation)

John Parke is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20830372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830372" title="Sifa">
Sifa

Sifa or the deadman's control system is a safety device in a train intended to bring the train automatically to a stop if the driver becomes incapacitated.
Description.
Sifa is German for "Sicherheitsfahrschaltung" or "safety driving switch", usually a pedal and/or large press button, which monitors the alertness of the driver. The driver has to repeatedly press a button after a fixed interval; if he fails to do so, the train will carry out an emergency-stop. It complements the external train safety systems: PZB, LZB and ETCS.
In Europe the "Zeit-Zeit-Sifa" (time-time Sifa) is common. In this system, the engine driver holds a pedal or button down for 30 seconds and must then briefly release the pressure. Thus the system can confirm that the driver is still able to react. If the driver does not react after 30 seconds, the system warns the driver, at first optically, then for a few seconds acoustically. After a further short period of time without any reaction the train is automatically stopped. The "Zeit-Weg-Sifa" (time-distance Sifa) system takes account of the distance travelled, as well as time, since the last activation.
In electric trains such as those working on U- and S-Bahn lines the Sifa has for a long time been combined with the driving switch. This is where the concept of the dead man's switch first arose. If the button was released (due to the driver falling asleep) the train was automatically stopped.
In order to test the function of the Sifa the driver must carry out a SiFa test run before the train is used in order to check that the train is automatically braked.
After serious accidents as a result of drivers falling asleep, where the pedal was still regularly activated, the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany introduced a special type of Sifa ("Sifa86") into service. Here the driver has to acknowledge, by pressing a button, an optical signal at a time and distance interval randomly generated by the system.
Norms.
The regulations for Sifa systems in Germany are contained in German Industrial Norms (DIN) VDE 0119-207-5.

</doc>
<doc id="20830378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830378" title="Ivan Snegiryov">
Ivan Snegiryov

Ivan Mikhailovich Snegirev (; 1793, Moscow—1868, Saint Petersburg) was one of the first Russian ethnographers. He published detailed descriptions of almost every church and monastery in Moscow.
The son of a university professor, Snegiryov graduated from Moscow University in 1814 and since 1818 taught Latin language there. He was active as a censor throughout Nicholas I's reign, censoring such works as "Eugene Onegin" and "Dead Souls".
He shared the ideals of Official Nationality and belonged to a circle of antiquaries dominated by Nikolai Rumyantsev. He was one of the first to collect Russian proverbs and describe folk rituals and observances. His ground-breaking work on Russian lubok was printed in 1844.
Snegirev's lengthy description of Moscow (1865–73) was feted by Fyodor Buslayev as the best guidebook to the city. He supervised restoration of the Kremlin buildings and the Romanov Boyar House. His journals were published in 2 volumes in 1904–05.
Publications.
Ivan Snegirev authored several books on Russian proverbs, idioms, way of life, rituals and holidays:

</doc>
<doc id="20830392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830392" title="Walter Galbraith">
Walter Galbraith

Walter Galbraith (26 May 1918 – 1995) was a Scottish association football player and manager. He played as a defender for Queen's Park, Clyde, New Brighton and Grimsby Town. He then managed Accrington Stanley, Bradford Park Avenue, New Brighton, Tranmere Rovers, Hibernian, Stockport County and Berwick Rangers.
Like most players of his generation, Galbraith's league career was delayed by the Second World War, which meant that league football in both England and Scotland was not held from 1939 until the start of the 1946–47 season. Galbraith played for Clyde for two seasons before moving to Merseyside club New Brighton, for who he made over 100 league appearances in three seasons. He then moved to Grimsby Town, where he stayed for two seasons.
Galbraith was then appointed as player-manager of Accrington Stanley in 1953, making 21 league appearances in the 1953–1954 season before ending his playing career. As manager, Galbraith took Accrington to their highest ever finishing position in the Football League, as they narrowly missed out on promotion to Division Two. He once selected a team of eleven Scots for Accrington in a Football League match, and fans joked that players wouldn't be selected unless they were Scottish. Galbraith resigned in August 1958 after the club's directors advised him that they would be cutting his budget for players.
Galbraith had stints as manager of Bradford Park Avenue and New Brighton. This was followed by a short, unsuccessful stint as Tranmere Rovers manager in 1961. The club was relegated to Division Four and were eliminated from the FA Cup by non-league opposition. Galbraith left Tranmere near the end of the year, when Hibs were seeking to replace Hugh Shaw, who had resigned in November. Bobby Brown and Jock Stein were the preferred choices of the Hibs board, but Brown did not want the job and Dunfermline refused to allow Stein to move. Galbraith was the next choice for Hibs, who had signed Gerry Baker from Manchester City while the club did not have a manager.
Hibs just avoided relegation in both seasons that Galbraith managed the club, but he introduced Pat Stanton into the team and signed players such as Neil Martin, Pat Quinn, John Parke and Willie Hamilton. Galbraith resigned from his position after the club had secured their Division One status near the end of the 1963–64 season, without acrimony or lining up another club. Galbraith was unsuccessful as Hibs manager, but the relative success of his successors (Jock Stein and Bob Shankly) was due to the players mentioned above. In fact, Stein only signed one player (John McNamee) before the start of the 1964–65 season, as he was able to make a good team out of the good players Galbraith had introduced.
After leaving Hibs, Galbraith had brief spells in charge of Stockport County and Berwick Rangers. He died in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20830412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830412" title="Enrique Maciel">
Enrique Maciel

Enrique Maciel (July 13, 1897 - January 24, 1962) was a versatile and sensitive composer, lyricist, and harmonium, piano, bandoneon and guitar performer. The latter is the instrument that identified him permanently in the memory of tango listeners. 
Life and work.
Born to an Afro Argentine family (most likely a descendant of western African peoples) in Buenos Aires, in 1897, Maciel received his early musical instruction in a local parochial school, and his first public performance was in 1915. His first tango, "Presentación," remains unpublished. He joined small groups acting in houses and dance halls, touring the provinces. Among his peers, he was closest to bandoneonist Ángel Danesi. 
In 1920, in Bragado, he met the poet Enrique Maroni and immediately released their collaboration with the tango "La tipa," leading to recording three years later by Rosita Quiroga. A year later, Maciel became a contractual guitarist with RCA-Victor, where he accompanied the Chilean duo Glos-Balmaceda. There, he met José María Aguilar, with whom he made recordings in a guitar duo, accompanied by fellow RCA artists. Maciel's skill as a pianist earned him the tripling of an otherwise modest salary. His first new tango under this arrangement was "Grief" - performed by Osvaldo Fresedo and Rosita Quiroga (on harmonium). 
In 1925, the pianist Carlos Geroni Flores presented Ignacio Corsini to Maciel, who was incorporated into his popular group as a guitarist and pianist. Corsini's performances alongside Maciel continued until 1943, and their companions included José Aguilar on guitar and Rosendo Weight; Aguilar left the set in 1928 and joined Armando Pagés.
The group became popular on Argentine radio, particularly on "Radio Buenos Aires". They gradually fell out of favor with listeners, however, and the group disbanded during the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20830424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830424" title="Adriana Nechita">
Adriana Nechita

Adriana-Nicoleta Nechita (born 14 November 1983 in Băilești) is a Romanian handballer who plays for HCM Baia Mare and the Romanian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20830430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830430" title="Children Are the Victims of Adult Vices">
Children Are the Victims of Adult Vices

Children Are the Victims of Adult Vices is a group of sculptures created by Russian artist Mihail Chemiakin. The sculptures are located in a park in Bolotnaya Square, Balchug, 2000 feet south of the Moscow Kremlin behind the British Ambassador's residence. Chemiakin said that, "sculpture ... was conceived and carried out by me as a symbol and a call to fight for the salvation of present and future generations."
The sculptures are of thirteen bronze figures, which depict adult vices, such as alcoholism, drug addiction, and prostitution, that affect children. The figures are perceptibly closing in on two unaware playmates, a girl and a boy, with the centrepiece figure being 'Indifference'. The sculpture was commissioned by then-Mayor Yuri Luzhkov and sponsored by the state-owned oil company Rosneft. It was unveiled in 2001 amid some controversy. Some Muscovites worried that the graphic imagery would frighten children.

</doc>
<doc id="20830466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830466" title="Lysidine (nucleoside)">
Lysidine (nucleoside)

Lysidine is an uncommon nucleoside, rarely seen outside of tRNA. It is a derivative of cytidine in which the carbonyl is replaced by the amino acid lysine. The third position in the anti-codon of the Isoleucine-specific tRNA, is typically changed from a cytidine which would pair with guanosine to a lysidine which will base pair with adenosine. Uridine could not be used at this position even though it is a conventional partner for adenosine since it will also "wobble base pair" with guanosine. So lysidine allows better translation fidelity.

</doc>
<doc id="20830470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830470" title="The Dawn of My Death">
The Dawn of My Death

The Dawn of My Death is the second studio album by Before Their Eyes, released in 2008 under the label Rise Records. It is the first album to feature Landon Tewers on screams and rhythm guitar. He is now the lead vocalist for The Plot In You.
Track listing.
All tracks by Nick Moore

</doc>
<doc id="20830472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830472" title="Lysidine">
Lysidine

Lysidine may refer to either of two unrelated chemical compounds:

</doc>
<doc id="20830495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830495" title="Wilhelm Dietrich">
Wilhelm Dietrich

Wilhelm Dietrich (7 November 1911 – 12 March 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) and Major of Polizei in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Wilhelm Dietrich was the commander of the I.Battalion, 1st SS Polizei Schutzen Regiment, 4th SS Polizei Panzergrenadier Division on 15 October 1942, when serving on the Eastern Front.
Prior to winning the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross he had been awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in June 1940, 1st class in January 1941 and the German Cross in Gold in September 1942.
He was killed in action on March 12, 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20830499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830499" title="ERA Technical Specifications for Interoperability">
ERA Technical Specifications for Interoperability

The ERA Technical Specification for Interoperability (TSI) are specifications drafted by the European Railway Agency and adopted in a Decision by the European Commission, to ensure the interoperability of the trans-European rail system. The interoperability issues apply to the lines within the Trans-European Rail network.
TSIs are related to 
and are in force since 1 December 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20830510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830510" title="Shirley Cheechoo">
Shirley Cheechoo

Shirley Cheechoo ( born in Eastmain Quebec, in 1952) is an award winning Cree actress, writer, producer, director, and visual artist, probably best known for her solo-voice or monodrama play "Path With No Moccasins", as well as her work with De-Ba-Jeh-Mu-Jig theatre group. Her first break came in 1985 when she was cast on the CBC's first nations TV series Spirit Bay, and later, in 1997, she found a role on the CBC's TV series The Rez.
The De-ba-jeh-mu-jig years.
Shirley founded De-ba-jeh-mu-jig theatre, which developed out of the children's theatre. After starting the theatre company, partner Blake Debassige, a visual artist, served on the board of directors and as president of the board during the early years of De-Ba-Jeh-Mu-Jig theatre group.
During her time at Debaj, Shirley fulfilled the role of artistic director, president of the board of directors, as well as fulfilling much of the administrative roles, actor, and playwright.
Shirley is the first First Nations woman to "write, produce, direct, and act in a feature length film from Canada".
Plays, films and other artistic works.
Shirley first gained national attention with "Path With No Moccasins". Her directorial debut was with a short film called "Silent Tears", which won several film festival awards for Best Short Film and was "screened at the 1998Sundance Film Festival.".
Her first feature film was "Backroads", a journey into the harsh contemporary life of Cree women. The movie was financed and executive-produced by Offline Entertainment Group.
Shirley realized that she could "ease a pain or raise an issue with her film work" and so dedicated herself to creating film by enrolling in writing classes, director's labs, acting workshops and film schools
Much of her art is based on biographical elements. "Path With No Moccasins" gave Shirley the opportunity to "speak about her life and the struggle to retain her identity, and Cree heritage". "Silent Tears" chronicles the events of a "harsh winter trip with her parents to a northern trap line when she was eight years old".
In order to promote Aboriginal artists, Shirley and Blake Debassige co-own Kasheese Studios art gallery. She is also the president of Spoken Song film production company and founded the Weengushk Film Institute on Manitoulin Island that will train, develop and guide independent filmmakers.
Her artwork is inspired by Woodlands School, which is a concept given birth by Norval Morrisseau. Her art has been exhibited around the world, and her commissions include:
Cultural work.
She is a mentor to many in the Native arts community and one of Canada's most well-known and respected artists. She visits other communities and schools and holds workshops. On the topic of visiting schools to host acting and playwrighting workshops, Shirley has said
the kids that come into the theatre, into the drama workshops, are the kids that I pick. I feel that they need some kind of self-esteem, and drama does it. Anything in the arts gives these kids a lot of self-esteem ... the arts are really important for children and they're not taught in the schools
Shirley is concerned with Indigenous people's complacency with "small advancements and the slight changes that appear when it comes to equality and respect" and believes that "We must continue to fight in the most positive way to try and find a level playing field for Indigenous people to work, live, and create in the main".

</doc>
<doc id="20830518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830518" title="Ipsos Bucharest Challenger">
Ipsos Bucharest Challenger

The Ipsos Bucharest Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Bucharest, Romania since 2007. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20830522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830522" title="Soramimi">
Soramimi

An example would be the Moldovan band O-Zone's song "Dragostea din tei" (マイヤヒー "maiyahī", named from the words in the opening of the song), known on the web as the Numa Numa song. The refrain of the original song (in Romanian) is:
A "soramimi" version, from the Japanese flash animation "Maiyahi", translates these words as:
Examples.
Japanese.
Japanese comedian Tamori has had a long-running "Soramimi Hour" segment on his TV program "Tamori Club", where he and his co-host watch mini-skits based on "soramimi kashi" submitted by the audience.
English ("Buffalax").
Mike Sutton, a mondegreen director on YouTube with the username "Buffalax", has uploaded several non-English music videos edited to include subtitles of the written English approximation of the video's original language's sound. "Benny Lava", Sutton's subtitling of the video for Prabhu Deva Sundaram's song, "Kalluri Vaanil" from the Tamil movie, "Pennin Manathai Thottu", received considerable praise. Both the terms "Buffalaxed" and "Benny Lava" are now synonymous with mondegreens, "words or phrases misheard in ways that yield new meanings."
Buffalax's account was closed in early 2011 for copyright violation complaints, and the videos (including those that were not copyright violations) were all deleted.
The Dutch song "Opblaaskrokodil" by Ome Henk has been turned into an animutation called "The French Erotic Film", where the word "Opblaaskrokodil" becomes "Old blue Scot called Dil".
Russian.
The Palestinian patriotic song "Blādi, blādi" ("Motherland, Motherland") was intentionally "misheard" into Russian (as "blyadi, blyadi" = "whores, whores") and uploaded to YouTube with Russian subtitles. The resulting video became an instant hit on Russian-language websites and blogs with more than 2 million views, and a number of phrases from the Russian version (especially "No money, long bumblebee") became instant catchphrases. Below is the example of the chorus:
In another instance, a Russian-language cover of Tic Tic Tac, a popular soca/disco hit by Carrapicho, phonetically rendered the first phrase of the chorus, "Bate forte o tambor" (Portuguese for "beat the drum hard"), as "Мальчик хочет в Тамбов" (Malchik Hochet v Tambov = "A boy wants to go to Tambov").
In the 1976 Boney M hit Daddy Cool, the chorus "What about it Daddy Cool?" was heard by many Russians as "Varvara zharit kur" (Варвара жарит кур) = "Barbara is frying chicken"
German ("Agathe Bauer").
In German popular culture, Mondegreens are often called 'Agathe Bauer Songs'. This comes from the Snap! song The Power, the refrain of which ("I've got the power") sounds like the German name Agathe Bauer. German radio station RTL 104.6 runs a segment where listeners call in with their own Agathe Bauer songs, which are played on-air. Another German term for soramimi is "Verhörer".
Dutch ("Mama Appelsap").
In Dutch, the act of finding misheard lyrics in songs is sometimes referred to as "Mama Appelsap" (literally "momma applejuice"). The name "Mama Appelsap" refers to the song "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" by Michael Jackson. The chant "Mama-se mama-sa ma-ma-coo-sa" (Jackson's imitation of Soul Makossa by Manu Dibango) can appear by Dutch speakers as if it sounds like "Mama say mama sa mama appelsap". The item became a running joke on national radio station 3FM, when DJ Timur Perlin hosted a program titled "Mama Appelsap", whereby listeners suggest various Dutch phrases and sentences purported to have been heard in songs.
Danish ("Undersættelse").
In Danish, where the verb "translation" is "oversættelse" (literally "over-setting"), such a lyrical mistake is called an under-setting "(Undersættelse)". Danish artist Benny Vigan Madsen has made a number of illustrated soramimi clips of national anthems, most popular among which the Red Army Choir's version of the USSR anthem, where the final line "Nas k torzhestvu kommunizma vedyot" ("It leads us to the triumph of Communism") becomes "Pasta med sprut. Nå, kunne vi sparke en røv?" ("Pasta with booze. So could we kick an ass?")
Hebrew ("Timlulim").
In Hebrew, the act of finding misheard lyrics in songs is known as "Timlul" (lit.: "Transcript"). Soramimi clips in Israel were almost exclusively the work of amateurs publishing their work on the internet, and were popular mainly during the mid-2000s, with the most transcripted musical act being Era. For instance, in one such transcript of the song "Hymne", the opening line "In tu pate del cat" becomes "Timtum Al Emet Ratz" ("Stupidity for real runs"); "I manitores solitudi me" becomes "Ima, Likro Le Soli-Dolittle?" ("Mom, should I go call Soli-Dolittle?", with Soli ostensibly being a relative of Dr. Dolittle); and the repeated "Senzo" is misheard as "Samsung", which led to the piece being dubbed "The Samsung Cantata" (הקנטטה של סמסונג). Another soramimi flash clip of an Era piece was based on "Ameno", where "Dorime" became "Dori Met" (דורי מת, Dori is dead).
Though the Era transcripts were the majority, there were a few others that became well-known. These included a transcript of "Dragostea Din Tei" that interpreted the song's repeated "Maya"s as a reference to Maya Buskila (with accompanying visuals), and a transcript of "Adiemus" where "a-ya doo a-ye" became "Hayagur Ra'ev" ("The Yagur is Hungry"; "Yagur" is not actually a word, but phonetic and linguistic cues heavily suggest that it is supposed to be some kind of bird).
Other examples.
A number of internet videos exploit soramimi for Carmina Burana, juxtaposing the music with images appropriate to the supposed lyrics, for example showing four cans of tuna for "O Fortuna" Soramimi transcription is also commonly used in animutations for comic effect.
In Mandarin Chinese, there is a joke based on Michael Jackson's "Beat It" which goes:
In Romania, the children's song "Pula Pula" ("Jump Jump"), by Brazilian gospel singer Aline Barros became a sensation, getting airplay on major radio stations and spawning several YouTube parody videos with Romanian soramimi lyrics, as "pula" means "penis" in Romanian and it is heavily repeated in the chorus.
In Poland, "Decade of Therion", a 1999 song of death metal band Behemoth, became a popular Internet meme when given soramimi lyrics. The English phrase "We transgress the context of commonplaceness" has been interpreted in Polish as "Łyżwiarz wie, że kotek odkopał prezent" ('The ice-skater knows that the pussycat has dug up the present').
In Serbo-Croatian, the title (and refrain) of Queen's song "Another One Bites the Dust" is often deliberately misinterpreted as "a Radovan baca daske", meaning "and Radovan (a male name) is throwing the planks". Similarly, The Police song "Message in a Bottle" is interpreted as "mesečina, bato" ('moonlight, o brother').
In Brazil there loads of soramimi involving Indian film music, mainly with Prabhu Deva acting, including Kalluri Vaanil from Benny Lava fame (known on Brazil as ""Vai Rivaldo"", referring the famous soccer player, captain of 2002 Brazil national football team on Japan and Korea). Also a very popular one is with Tunak Tunak Tun, called on Brazil "Tônico com Guaraná" (Pick-me-up with Soda)
The chorus of the Las Ketchup song "Aserejé" is an Andalusian Spanish phonetic rendering of the English-language song "Rapper's Delight" by The Sugarhill Gang.
In 80s Hungary, the chorus of the Opus song Live is Life (La ba dab dab dab life) was often misheard for "Levelet kaptam, Life" (literally meaning "I have received a letter, Life).

</doc>
<doc id="20830558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830558" title="Joe Walsh (catcher)">
Joe Walsh (catcher)

Joseph Francis (Joe) Walsh (October 14, 1886 – January 6, 1967), nicknamed "Tweet", was a Major League Baseball catcher. Walsh played for the New York Highlanders in and . In 5 career games, he had four hits in 13 at-bats, with 2 RBIs. He batted and threw right-handed.
Walsh was born in Minersville, Pennsylvania, and died in Buffalo, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20830565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830565" title="The Legend of Master So">
The Legend of Master So

The Legend of Master So (蘇乞兒) is a TVB television series, premiered on 27 September 1982. Theme song "Forgets With All One's Heart the Sentiment" (忘盡心中情) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Johnny Yip.

</doc>
<doc id="20830566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830566" title="Soldier of Fortune (1982 TV series)">
Soldier of Fortune (1982 TV series)

Soldier of Fortune (香城浪子) is a TVB television series, premiered on 27 September 1982. Theme song "Heart Debt" (心債) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Anita Mui.

</doc>
<doc id="20830585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830585" title="Split-single">
Split-single

The split-single ("Doppelkolbenmotor" to its German and Austrian manufacturers), is a variant on the two-stroke engine with two cylinders sharing a single combustion chamber. 
Principle of operation.
The split-single system sends the intake fuel-air mixture up one bore to the combustion chamber, sweeping the exhaust gases down the other bore and out of the exposed exhaust port. 
The rationale of the split-single two-stroke is that, compared to a standard two-stroke single, it can give better exhaust scavenging while minimising the loss of unburnt fresh fuel/air charge through the exhaust port. As a consequence, a split-single engine can deliver better economy, and may run better at small throttle openings.
A disadvantage of the split-single is that, for only a marginal improvement over a standard two-stroke single, the "Twingle" has a heavier and costlier engine. Since a manufacturer could produce a standard twin-cylinder two-stroke at an equivalent cost to a Twingle, it was perhaps inevitable that the latter should become extinct.
There have been "single" (i.e. twin-bore) and "twin" (i.e. four-bore) models. Unusually for a motorcycle engine, some Twingles have the carburettor mounted on the front of the engine, beneath the exhaust.
History.
In the 60-year history of this arrangement there were two important variants, earlier versions have a single, Y-shaped or V-shaped connecting rod and these look much like a regular single-cylinder two-stroke engine with a single exhaust, a single carburettor in the usual place behind the cylinders and a single sparkplug. Racing versions of this design can be mistaken for a regular twin-cylinder, since they had two exhausts or two carburettors but these are actually connected to a single bore in an engine with a single combustion chamber. Some models, including those in mass-production, used two spark-plugs igniting one combustion chamber.
After World War II, more sophisticated internal mechanisms improved mechanical reliability and led to the carburetor being placed in front of the barrel, tucked under and to the side of the exhaust. This is the arrangement which was used on the Puch 250 SGS and sold in the United States by Sears from the 1950s through the early 1970s under their own Allstate brand, with the engine being referred to in Sears literature as the Twingle.
Garelli invented 1912.
The first split-single engine was patented in 1912 by Italian engineer Adalberto Garelli. His company, Garelli Motorcycles, produced a 346 cc version for use in motorcycles for road use and for racing. Production continued until 1926, by which time Garelli was increasingly concentrating on the military market. Garelli motorcycles remained in business until the late 1990s, but they did not further develop or produce these engines.
Trojan invented 1913.
The Trojan two-stroke, as used from 1913 in the Trojan car in the UK, was independently invented but would now be described as a split-single. Photos of a 1927 "twin" model at the London Science Museum show the internals. The "fore-and-aft" layout of the cylinders means that the V-shaped connecting rod has to flex slightly with each revolution. Unlike the German/Austrian motorcycle engines, this engine was water-cooled.
Puch 1923-1970.
After WWI ended, Austrian industry struggled to recover. Italian engineer Giovanni Marcellino arrived at the main factory of Puch in Graz to wind up operations. Instead of liquidating the factory, he settled in the town and, in 1923, designed and began production of a new split-single with asymmetric port timing, taking inspiration from industrial opposed-piston engines. As arranged on a typical motorcycle, Marcellino's design had the pistons one behind the other, unlike Garelli's pistons, which were side-by-side. The new system allowed better cylinder filling and a longer power stroke. To avoid flexing of the connecting rod, the small-end bearing of the cooler intake piston was arranged to slide slightly fore-and-aft in the piston. In 1931 Puch won the German Grand Prix with a supercharged split-single, though in subsequent years they were overshadowed by the split-singles of DKW.
After WWII, Puch split-single production and racing were restarted in 1949 with an improved system of one connecting rod hinged on the back of the other. These engines typically use the forward piston to control both intake and exhaust ports, with the interesting result that the carburettor is at the front of the engine, under and to the side of the exhaust. The rear piston controls the transfer port from the crankshaft to the cylinder. Increasingly, these models were fitted with an oil mixing pump, fed from a reservoir incorporated in the petrol tank. Some also have a twin-spark plug ignition system firing an almost figure-eight shaped combustion chamber. Sears marketed considerable numbers of the Puch SGS split-single fitted with both these innovations as the "Allstate 250" or "Twingle" in the US. The improvements tamed, if not virtually eliminated, the previous problem of two-stroke plug fouling. A total of 38,584 Puch 250 SGS motorcycles were produced between 1953 and 1970. Puch gave up racing in the 1950s, and split-single production ended around 1970, but the machines themselves remain well-regarded and collectable.
DKW 1931-1939.
In 1931 split-single engines produced by Ing Zoller were used in motorcycle racing and helped DKW dominate smaller motorcycle racing classes between the wars.
TWN 1946-1957.
The German TWN motorcycle company (originally part of Triumph Motorcycles in the UK) experimented with split-singles in 1939 and started producing two models when production resumed in 1946. They used a Y-shaped connecting rod, so the pistons are "side-by-side", making the engine little different visually from a regular two-stroke, with the carburettor in the usual place behind the inlet cylinder bore.
The BDG125 125 cc was made from 1946 to 1957, the BDG250 250 cc from 1946 to 1957, the Cornet 200 cc from 1954 to 1957 (12v electrics and no kickstart), the Boss 350 cc from 1953 to 1957 and the Contessa scooter 200 cc from 1954 to 1957. The bulbous shape of the exhaust of the Cornet and Boss is a two-stroke TWN feature, not linked to the split-single-engine. All TWN motorcycle production ceased in 1957.
Comparisons.
Regulation implications.
For modern vehicle taxation purposes the split-single suffers no penalty and offers no advantage, as only the swept volume is considered, not the number of cylinders or spark plugs. This remains true even if the two pistons are not the same size and have different strokes (mechanically possible, if rarely used). This simple calculation was not always the case (see Tax horsepower, as used in the UK and some European countries in the 1920s and 1930s).
Lubrication.
Lubrication weaknesses of the early "side-by-side" versions with the carburettor in the "normal" place behind the cylinder, were substantially the same as with all other two-strokes running on the same "petro-oil" mixture. However, they were greatly eased in the later ones, since the cool, lubricated mixture is delivered straight onto the hot (exhaust side) of the hotter, exhaust piston from the carburettor at the front of the engine under the exhaust.
Pollution.
Pollution from the original 1920s and 1930s total-loss lubrication versions was similar to other forms of two-stroke - however, the post-war split-singles from Puch (marketed in the US by Sears, Roebuck and Co.) were amongst the first to be fitted with pumped oil injection, making them substantially cleaner.

</doc>
<doc id="20830593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830593" title="2006 Cheltenham &amp; Gloucester Trophy">
2006 Cheltenham &amp; Gloucester Trophy

The 2006 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy was an English county cricket tournament, held between 23 April and 26 August 2006. The tournament was won by Sussex, who defeated Lancashire in the final at Lord's Cricket Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20830595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830595" title="Relative abundance distribution">
Relative abundance distribution

In the field of ecology, the relative abundance distribution (RAD) or species abundance distribution describes the relationship between the number of species observed in a field study as a function of their observed abundance. The graphs obtained in this manner are typically fitted to a Zipf–Mandelbrot law, the exponent of which serves as an index of biodiversity in the ecosystem under study.

</doc>
<doc id="20830598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830598" title="98th (Prince of Wales's) Regiment of Foot">
98th (Prince of Wales's) Regiment of Foot

The 98th (Prince of Wales) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army. It was originally raised in 1824 as the 98th Regiment of Foot, before assuming the title of the 98th (Prince of Wales) Regiment of Foot in 1876. Later, in 1881, following the Childers Reforms of the British Army, the regiment was amalgamated with the 64th Regiment of Foot to become the Prince of Wales's (North Staffordshire) Regiment. As the 64th Foot was senior to the 98th, the 98th became the 2nd Battalion in the new regiment. Throughout the course of the regiment's existence it served mostly overseas in South Africa, China and India.
History.
The 98th Foot was raised in Chichester in 1824 by Lieutenant Colonel Mildmay Fane. It was the sixth regiment to be numbered the 98th Foot. The first Colonel of the regiment was Major General Henry Conran. The first set of colours were presented by the Duchess of Richmond at a ceremony at Chichester on 6 October 1824.
In December 1824 the new regiment was posted to South Africa where for all bar two years of its 13-year tour it was based in Cape Town, the other two years being in Grahamstown. During the entire tour no active service was seen. Returning to England in 1837 the regiment was based for two years in Newcastle upon Tyne where it was frequently called out to support the civil powers during the Chartist unrests. At this point command of the regiment was taken over by its most famous commanding officer, Sir Colin Campbell who commanded the reigment for 12 years between 1835 and 1847.
In 1841 the regiment moved to Ireland but very shortly afterwards was sent to China during the 1st China or Opium War. Arriving in Hong Kong in 1842 it formed part of the 1st Brigade, commanded by Major General Lord Saltoun, along with the 26th Foot, the Bengal Volunteer Battalion and the grenadier and light companies of the 41st Madras Native Infantry. The brigade advanced on Chinkiang and after an ineffective pursuit of retreating Chinese forces took part in the final advance on Nanking. During this war very few battle casualties were taken but over 50 died from cholera with another 200+ unfit for duty. As a result of its participation in the Opium War, the regiment was awarded its first battle honour "The DRAGON superscribed CHINA". A move to Hong Kong followed where the appalling death rate from disease continued with over 500 dying and sick.
The next move was to India in 1846. Initially the regiment was based in Calcutta (Kolkata) and Dinapore, however, in 1848 it moved to the Punjab where, although not directly engaged in the Second Anglo-Sikh War, a second battle honour — PUNJAUB — was awarded. From here the regiment was one of the first British units to serve on the North West Frontier and spent 1849–1851 in and around the Kohat Pass area. By 1851 the regiment had been abroad for a total of nine years and in that time it had suffered over 1,100 deaths, mostly from sickness, with almost 200 invalided home. The last three years of the posting were spent in Calcutta before the regiment returned to England in 1854.
Following three years on home service the regiment returned to India and the North West Frontier. As a result it saw no service in the Indian Mutiny. Instead it was employed as part of the Sittana Field Force sent to deal with the so-called Hindustani Fanatics.
The regiment returned home in 1867 and then in 1870 moved to Ireland for three years. During this time it dealt with minor disturbance including a mutiny by the Tipperary Light Infantry Militia. The Cardwell Reforms were introduced during this period and it was then that the regiment was linked with the 64th (2nd Staffordshire) Foot for the first time.
The next posting was to the West Indies from 1873 to 1880 followed by a move to Malta. It was in Malta following the presentation of what transpired to be the last set of regimental colours by HRH The Prince of Wales that the regiment became the 98th (Prince of Wales's) Regiment of Foot on 27 October 1876.
War broke out in Afghanistan in 1879 and in 1880 in response the regiment moved once more to India being based initially at Karachi. It was here that in 1881 the eventual conclusion of the Childers Reforms took effect and the regiment amalgamated with the 64th Foot to become the Prince of Wales's (North Staffordshire) Regiment. As the junior regiment the 98th Foot became the 2nd Battalion of the new regiment.
In its short life of 57 years, no less than 43 were spent on overseas postings.
Battle honours.
The 98th Foot was granted the following battle honours:
Amalgamation.
On 1 July 1881, the 64th and 98th Regiments of Foot were combined with militia and rifle volunteer units in Northern Staffordshire to form The Prince of Wales's (North Staffordshire) Regiment. The regiment was renamed The North Staffordshire (The Prince of Wales's) Regiment in 1920. In 1959 the North Staffordshire and South Staffordshire Regiments amalgamated to form The Staffordshire Regiment (The Prince of Wales's). In September 2007 The Staffordshire Regiment amalgamated with the 22nd (Cheshire) Regiment and The Worcestershire and Sherwood Foresters Regiment to form The Mercian Regiment, in which the Staffords became the 3rd (Staffordshire) Battalion.
The Dragon device is still carried on the colours and drums of the Mercian Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="20830606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830606" title="The Fake EP">
The Fake EP

The Fake EP is the debut release from Christian recording artist Joy Whitlock. It was released on Ardent Records on November 11, 2005. The album received positive reviews. The EP contains 5 original songs written by Whitlock ("Colors" by Whitlock and Drew Thomas) shortly after her conversion, dealing heavily with themes of redemption and the difficult struggles of being a Christian.

</doc>
<doc id="20830607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830607" title="List of ships of the Royal Yugoslav Navy">
List of ships of the Royal Yugoslav Navy

This is a list of ships of the Royal Yugoslav Navy:
River Fleet Ships.
River monitors.
Ex-Austro-Hungarian Navy river gunboats/monitors

</doc>
<doc id="20830608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830608" title="Libyan Second Division 2008–09 – Group A">
Libyan Second Division 2008–09 – Group A

Results.
2 Match awarded 2-0 to Abi al Ashar after Sikat al Hadid failed to show for the match.

</doc>
<doc id="20830617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830617" title="Balcurvie">
Balcurvie

Balcurvie is a Scottish rural hamlet located between Leven and Windygates in the Levenmouth area of Fife.

</doc>
<doc id="20830645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830645" title="Baruipur subdivision">
Baruipur subdivision

Baruipur subdivision is a subdivision of the South 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of three municipalities (Baruipur, Rajpur Sonarpur and Jaynagar Mazilpur) and seven community development blocks: Baruipur, Bhangar–I, Bhangar–II, Jaynagar–I, Jaynagar–II, Kultali and Sonarpur. The seven blocks contain two census towns and 80 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Baruipur. 
Area.
Apart from the municipalities of Baruipur, Rajpur Sonarpur and Jaynagar Mazilpur, the subdivision contains two census towns and rural areas of 80 gram panchayats under seven community development blocks: Baruipur, Bhangar–I, Bhangar–II, Jaynagar–I, Jaynagar–II, Kultali and Sonarpur. The two census towns are: Bhangar Raghunathpur and Uttar Durgapur.
Blocks.
Baruipur block.
Rural area under Baruipur block consists of 18 gram panchayats, viz. Begumpur, Dhapdhapi–II, Mallickpur, Shankarpur–II, Belegachhi, Hardhah, Nabagram, Shikharbali–I, Brindakhali, Hariharpur, Ramnagar–I, Shikharbali–II, Champahati, Kalyanpur, Ramnagar–II, Dhapdhapi–I, Madarhat and Shankarpur–I. There is no urban area under this block. Baruipur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Piyali Town.
Bhangar–I block.
Rural area under Bhangar–I block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Bodra, Durgapur, Pranganj, Chandaneswar–I, Jagulgachhi, Shanksahar, Chandaneswar–II, Narayanpur and Tarda. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Bhangar Raghunathpur. Bhangar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Gobindapur.
Bhangar–II block.
Rural area under Bhangar–II block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Bamanhata, Bhagawanpur, Chaltaberia, Shanpukur, Benttata–I, Bhogali–I, Polerhat–I, Benttata–II, Bhogali–II, Polerhat–II. There is no urban area under this block. Bhangar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bhangar. 
Jaynagar–I block.
Rural area under Jaynagar–I block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Baharu Kshetra, Dhosa Chandaneswar, Khakurdaha, Uttar Durgapur, Bamangachhi, Narayanitala, Chaltaberia, Harinarayanpur, Rajapur Korabeg, Dakshin Barasat, Jangalia and Sripur. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Uttar Durgapur. Jaynagar and Kultali police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Baru.
Jaynagar–II block.
Rural area under Jaynagar–II block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Baishata, Futigoda, Mayahauri, Sahajadapur, Beledurganagar, Gardoani, Mayda, Chuprijhara, Manirtat and Nalgora. There is no urban area under this block. Jaynagar and Kultali police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ramkrishna Ashram. mollar chak .
Kultali block.
Rural area under Kultali block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Deulbari Debipur, Jalaberia–I, Maipith Baikunthapur, Gopalganj, Jalaberia–II, Gurguria Bhubaneswari, Kundakhali Godabar, Meriganj–I and Meriganj–II. There is no urban area under this block. Kultali police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Jamtalahat.
Sonarpur block.
Rural area under Sonarpur block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Banhooghly–I, Kalikapur–II, Kheyadaha–II, Pratapnagar, Banhooghly–II, Kamrabad, Langalberia, Sonarpur–II, Kalikapur–I, Kheyadaha–I and Poleghat. There is no urban area under this block. Sonarpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rajpur.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the area under Kultali block along with four gram panchayats under the Jaynagar–II block, viz. Baishata, Chuprijhara, Manirtat and Nalgora, will form the Kultali assembly constituency of West Bengal. The other six gram panchayats under the Jaynagar–II block, the Jaynagar Mazilpur municipality and six gram panchayats under the Jaynagar–I block, viz. Baharu Kshetra, Dakshin Barasat, Harinarayanpur, Rajapur Korabeg, Sripur and Uttar Durgapur, will together form the Jaynagar assembly constituency. The other six gram panchayats under the Jaynagar–I block and nine gram panchayats under the Baruipur block, viz. Begumpur, Belegachhi, Brindakhali, Champahati, Hardhah, Nabagram, Ramnagar–I, Ramnagar–II and South Garia, will together form the Baruipur Purba assembly constituency. The other ten gram panchayats under the Baruipur block along with the Baruipur municipality will form the Baruipur Paschim assembly constituency. Wards 8–24 of the Rajpur Sonarpur municipality and six gram panchayats under Sonarpur block, viz. Kalikapur–I, Kalikapur–II, Langalberia, Poleghat, Pratapnagar and Sonarpur–II, will together form the Sonarpur Dakshin assembly constituency. The other six gram panchayats under Sonarpur block, along with wards 1–7 and 25–33 of Rajpur Sonarpur municipality will form the Sonarpur Uttar assembly constituency. The Bhangar–II block and three gram panchayats under the Bhangar–I block, viz. Jagulgachhi, Narayanpur and Pranganj, will together define the extent of the Bhangar assembly constituency. The other six gram panchayats under the Bhangar–I block will be part of the Canning Purba assembly constituency. The constituencies of Kultali, Jaynagar and Baruipur Purba will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. The constituencies of Kultali, Canning Purba and Jaynagar will be assembly segments of the Jaynagar (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates. The constituencies of Baruipur Purba, Baruipur Paschim, Sonarpur Uttar, Sonarpur Dakshin and Bhangar will be assembly segments of the Jadavpur (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20830648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830648" title="BKD, LLP">
BKD, LLP

BKD, LLP, formerly Baird, Kurtz & Dobson, is an accounting and advisory firm in the United States, providing consulting, tax, assurance, and accounting outsourcing solutions to business, government entities, not-for-profit organizations, and individuals.
BKD is headquartered in Springfield, Missouri, has 34 offices in 15 states, primarily focused in the central United States. In 2010, BKD reported revenues of $391 million and over 1,800 personnel, including almost 250 partners.
Early history.
After the disbandment of the Montgomery Firm in 1922, three men — William Baird, Wade Kurtz, and Claire Dobson — decide to start their own firm with offices in Kansas City and Joplin, Missouri. On January 2, 1923, the men opened their business with only $1,700 in the bank.
With Joplin being a booming mining town in the 1920s, a great amount of business was created for Baird, Kurtz, and Dobson. It was said Dobson would take the downtown Joplin trolley out to the mining company offices, which were directly in the mine shafts, and conduct audits with a cot, card table and a direct current light bulb flickering over his head.
In the late 1920s the firm looked to expand to St. Louis and Chicago, but the 1929 stock market crash and the following Great Depression curtailed all growth. Instead, the firm focused on its reputation and expertise — Baird in tax and the grain industry, Dobson and Kurtz in mining.

</doc>
<doc id="20830655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830655" title="SS Drakensburg Castle">
SS Drakensburg Castle

The Empire Allenby was a 9,904 ton cargo liner which was built in 1944. She was renamed Drakenburg Castle in 1946, and scrapped in 1959.
History.
"Empire Allenby" was built by J L Thompson & Sons Ltd, Sunderland as yard number 633. She was launched on 18 October 1944 and completed in June 1945. "Empire Allenby" was built for the Ministry of War Transport and operated under the management of Furness, Withy & Co Ltd, who traded as Prince Line Ltd.
In 1946, "Empire Allenby" was sold to the Union Castle Mail Steamship Co Ltd, who traded as the Union-Castle Line. She was renamed "Drakensburg Castle". On 22 July 1947, she was transferred to the South African registry. Although "Drakensburg Castle" was a fast ship compared to others in the Union-Castle Line fleet, she was expensive to operate and not suitable for use as a tramp. She was sold for scrap to the Hong Kong Salvage & Towage Co and arrived for scrapping in Hong Kong on 5 August 1959. "Drakensburg Castle" was scrapped in September 1959.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Allenby" had the UK Official Number 180157 and used the Code Letters GJTM.

</doc>
<doc id="20830686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830686" title="Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (1982 TV series)">
Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (1982 TV series)

Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils is a 1982 Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel "Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils". The 50 episodes long series is divided into two parts, with their Chinese titles as 天龍八部之六脈神劍 ("Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils: Six Meridians Divine Sword") and 天龍八部之虛竹傳奇 ("Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils: The Legend of Hui-juk") respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20830692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830692" title="Harry Hill (disambiguation)">
Harry Hill (disambiguation)

Harry Hill is an English comedian.
Harry Hill may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20830695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830695" title="Libyan Second Division 2008–09 – Group B">
Libyan Second Division 2008–09 – Group B

1(Al Shabab al Wahdawi withdrew from the competition at the mid-season break, and therefore had all matches cancelled)
Results.
2 Faaluja withdrew from match and therefore Nojoom al Baazah were awarded a 2-0 win.

</doc>
<doc id="20830706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830706" title="Arabesque (rapper)">
Arabesque (rapper)

Arabesque, also known as Besque (born Stephen Kawalit, September 17, 1981, in Toronto, Canada), is a Juno nominated hip hop artist from Toronto. He studied graphic communications management at Ryerson University. He has signed record deals in the US, Canada, the UK and Japan.
Career.
At the age of 16, Arabesque started his career in the music industry as a freelance contributor to various urban publications, interviewing the likes of Flava Flav and A-Trak, and writing featured hip-hop editorials. In 2000, shortly after he and his cousin formed a group, Babylon Point, their demo received acclaim from "Vice" magazine, sparking interest among underground purists and tape junkies. However, Babylon Point split up shortly afterwards. Besque joined a Toronto based political soul collective, Revolution Records, on their 45" vinyl release "Sounds of Revolution" headed by the DJ and producer Complex.
In mid-2002, Besque released his first solo single to commercial radio with much success. "Choked Up", an ode dedicated to the tragic loss of his high school girlfriend was produced by Sy Wyld and featured vocals by the BBE Music singer Slakah the Beatchild. The single started a number of charting 12” singles. Besque then accepted clothing line sponsorships from the New York company One Serious Threat and, later, from the Los Angeles-based clothing line, Scifen.
Arabesque’s budding success caught the attention of the British label, Sin Nombre. He signed with the Nottingham based label for his first full length release, "The Frenzy of Renown", in early 2005, the album being distributed by Universal Records. The executive producer was Anonymous Twist from Toronto. Arabesque’s first video, for the album "Bellyache" (directed by Cazhj) received rotation on Much Music’s Rap City, shortly after shooting a video for the single "Stardust" (directed by Marc Andre Debruyne).
In February 2007, "The Frenzy of Renown" was nominated for a Juno Award in Canada. The awards ceremony was hosted by Nelly Furtado. Tracks from the album including "Mamma Dig Me", "Bellyache" and "Stardust"” entered the charts that year.
In June 2006, Arabesque toured the Middle East with the Grammy reggae singer Sean Paul. Later in the year, he toured with Aceyalone from Los Angeles. Besque has opened for Raekwon, Little Brother, Zion I, Dilated Peoples and Method Man in shows and festivals.
In November 2007, Arabesque joined Rah Digga, on his EP "Hang Your Heroes", a melodic album that strikes a good balance between gritty vocals and beats that range from jazzy to soulful to those meant to rock the disco. A single from the EP, "Nature’s Phone", entered the urban/dance charts and was played on BBC 1Xtra. The video was recorded by the SXSW Film Festival winner Drew Lightfoot, with Melanie Durrant and Slakah the Beatchild. "Hang Your Heroes" included the songs "Pablo Picasso" (produced by Chunksahoy) and "Marlboro Man". An animation/live action video was made by David Fradkin for "Anna Conda".
During September 2008, Yokohama-Cities Yanase Records signed Arabesque. The Japanese label released his "Last Life in the Universe".

</doc>
<doc id="20830707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830707" title="Aston Manor Academy">
Aston Manor Academy

Aston Manor Academy is a secondary school with academy status located in the Aston area of Birmingham, England. It is a mixed comprehensive and as at February 2013 has 864 students aged 11-18, including 113 in the sixth form. In June 2011 the Ray Linforth Centre was opened, a new £300,000 dedicated sixth form building named after the chair of governors.
Previously known as Aston Manor School, conversion to Academy status was completed on 1st July 2011.
Due in part to the fact that it is situated in Aston, it has children from a wide variety of ethnic groups. As of February 2013 the highest proportion of children at the school are of Bangladeshi origin at 33%, with Pakistani at 18%, Black Somali at 13%, Black Caribbean at 11%, Black African at 6% and White British at 3%. A very high proportion do not speak English as their first language. Reflecting the cultural diversity within the school, the school has its own steel band.
In addition to having Technology College status the Academy has gained a range of awards and accreditations, including Applied Learning, School Achievement, Healthy Schools and International School awards. In May 2011, the Academy gained the Naace Information and Communications Technology (ICT) Mark.
References.
3. http://www.astonmanor.bham.sch.uk/

</doc>
<doc id="20830724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830724" title="Kentucky Association">
Kentucky Association

The Kentucky Association (also known as the Kentucky Racing Association) was formed on July 23, 1826 to promote the breeding and racing of Thoroughbred horses in the Bluegrass region of Kentucky. The "oldest turf organization in America", it was founded by a group of prominent locals, who included planter and politician Henry Clay, Jesse Bledsoe, Dr. Elisha Warfield, and Thomas F. Marshall. Between 1828 and 1834, the Association acquired 65 acres of land in an area of the city of Lexington, Kentucky that today is the east end of 5th Street at Race Street. On the property, the Association built a one-mile dirt racetrack with grandstand and stables to host Thoroughbred flat racing events.
After more than six decades of success, financial problems led to the track being sold in 1890 to a group of investors. The economic depression following the Panic of 1893 was a serious blow, and financial difficulties plagued the new owners. Given the low economy, they had difficulty attracting horses for important events such as the 1896 Ashland Oaks, which the "New York Times" described as a farce after it drew only two entries. Facing imminent foreclosure, on March 18, 1897 the track was put up for sale. The status of the track remained in limbo for four years until Charles Green of St. Louis, Missouri, who had been a Trustee for the stockholders, purchased the track in 1901 for $1 plus other considerations.
In April 1906 a fire broke out at the track, which quickly spread to the surrounding private residences. Eighteen area homes were destroyed.
The Phoenix Stakes, now the oldest stakes race in the United States, was first run in 1831 as the Phoenix Hotel Handicap at the Kentucky Association track. Other important races inaugurated there and still run today, include the Ashland Stakes, named for Henry Clay's Ashland estate; the Breeders' Futurity Stakes (1910), the Blue Grass Stakes (1911), and the Ben Ali Stakes (1917).
Some of the notable events that took place at the Kentucky Association Racetrack include:
Past presidents of the racetrack include John C. Breckenridge and General Leslie Combs.
During 1918-1919, the Kentucky Jockey Club was created to take over the four racetracks in the state, consisting of the Kentucky Association, Churchill Downs, Latonia Race Track, and the Douglas Park Racetrack.
The Kentucky Association racetrack closed in the spring of 1933 and its facilities were torn down in 1935. On April 17, 1933, articles of incorporation were filed for the Keeneland Association; their new racecourse opened in 1935, located about six miles outside of Lexington. Today city roads Versailles and Man O' War Boulevard intersect at one corner. The Kentucky Association racetrack's historic gates were replicated at the Keeneland Race Course.
The historical records for the Kentucky Association (1828 to c.1935) are maintained at the University of Kentucky library's Special Collections & Digital Programs Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20830743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830743" title="Drumeldrie">
Drumeldrie

Drumeldrie is a hamlet in the East Neuk area of Fife, Scotland.
It is to the east of Upper Largo and is on the A917 road.
Scots Gazette - http://www.scottish-places.info/towns/towndetails4934.html

</doc>
<doc id="20830806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830806" title="Evgeny Novikov">
Evgeny Novikov

Evgeny Novikov (born 19 September 1990 in Moscow) is a Russian rally driver currently competing for the M-Sport Ford World Rally Team in the World Rally Championship.
Career.
Novikov won the Russian Rally Cup in 2006 and finished runner-up in both Estonian and Russian national championships in 2007. The 2007 season also saw him debut in the World Rally Championship at the season-ending 2007 Wales Rally GB.
In the 2008 season, Novikov contested a full six-event Production World Rally Championship programme as the series' youngest driver. He retired in four rallies and collected his only PWRC points at the Rally Japan, where he impressively led the category until suspension problems on the last stage dropped him narrowly behind Juho Hänninen. He still managed to stay 2.9 seconds ahead of Toshi Arai and with the eight points for the second place, he placed 13th in the championship standings.
For the 2009 season, Novikov was signed by the debuting Citroën Junior Team, Citroën Total's satellite team. With Sébastien Ogier and Conrad Rautenbach as his teammates, he will drive the Citroën C4 WRC in at least eight of the twelve rallies. He scored his first WRC points with a fifth place at the Rally d'Italia Sardegna, and his first stage win in the following event, the Acropolis Rally in Greece. He became both the first Russian and the youngest-ever driver to top the time sheets in the series.
After one year off from competition, Novikov returned to the World Rally Championship partway through in the 2011 season, making his first appearance at the Rally Mexico in a Stobart M-Sport-prepared Ford. He competed in eight of the thirteen rallies, scoring twelve points over the course of the season to finish the year seventeenth overall.
In 2012, Novikov joined M-Sport full-time. He scored his first podium at the 2012 Rally de Portugal, finishing third overall. He was promoted to second place when Citroën driver Mikko Hirvonen was excluded from the results.
For the 2013 season, Novikov joined the Qatar M-Sport WRT alongside Mads Østberg. 
He did very well at the beginning of the 2013 Acropolis Rally by winning the first 2 stages, and created a 40-second gap down to Jari-Matti Latvala after stage 3. Unfortunately a puncture dropped him down to 8th and ruled him out for his maiden win. 
Novikov failed to secure a drive for the 2014 season, but might compete in selected events. 

</doc>
<doc id="20830820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830820" title="Ozothamnus expansifolius">
Ozothamnus expansifolius

Ozothamnus expansifolius is a species of "Ozothamnus". It is a small pine-like plant, it has flowers that are white or reddish-brown, and the fruit achene grows on it. The plant's habitat is on mountain slopes and heaths at altitudes of 900-1200m. It can tolerate snowfalls and it can adapt to semi-shaded or sunny places. It is a hybrid of "O. ledifolius" and "O. hookeri". The common name of the plant is Crowded-leaf everlasting.

</doc>
<doc id="20830828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830828" title="National Society of Mural Painters">
National Society of Mural Painters

The National Society of Mural Painters is an American artists' organization founded in 1895, originally known as The Mural Painters. The charter of the society is to advance the techniques and standards for the design and execution of mural art for the enrichment of architecture in the United States. 
The NSMP was founded in an era of Beaux-Arts architecture in America, which featured the integration of public architecture with murals, sculpture, mosaics, and other artwork, all coordinated and themed to assert the identity of the building. Parallel organizations associated with the same principles of integrated public art include the National Sculpture Society, which originally included a large percentage of architectural sculptors, and the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design, founded in 1916 as the teaching wing of the Society of Beaux-Arts Architects. 
Still in existence after more than a hundred years, the society presents exhibitions and organizes competitions. The NSMP is a member of the Fine Arts Federation of New York. 
Past presidents of the Society include:

</doc>
<doc id="20830851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830851" title="Karl von Eberstein">
Karl von Eberstein

Friedrich Karl Freiherr von Eberstein (14 January 1894 in Halle – 10 February 1979 in Tegernsee) was a member of the German nobility, early member of the Nazi Party, the SA, and the SS (introducing Reinhard Heydrich to Heinrich Himmler in July 1931). Further, he rose to become a Reichstag delegate, an HSSPF and SS-Oberabschnitt Führer (chief of the Munich Police in World War II), and was a witness at the Nuremberg Trials.
Early life and career.
Eberstein was born on 14 January 1894 in Halle on the Saale, of the Dillenburger branch of the von Eberstein family. His father was an army major. Karl was at cadet schools until 1912. Early on in World War I, Karl served in the German Army with Field Artillery Regiment 17 in August 1914. He was also a balloon observer, and later a battery commander in Artillery Regiment 16. He was awarded the Iron Cross Second Class and the Iron Cross First Class. After World War I, Eberstein fought as a member of the Freikorps in Middle Germany and/or Upper Silesia, and also with the Halle "Protection Police". After that, he went into banking.
Eberstein joined the (NSDAP) Nazi Party in 1922, but quit after the Beer Hall Putsch in November 1923. He then re-joined the Party in 1925 with number: 15067. He was an early member of the SS (membership number: 1386) and on the staff of Heinrich Himmler. According to Jonathan Petropolous, Eberstein was part of Himmler's strategy to attract members of the nobility and aristocracy to the SS. Eberstein obtained the officer rank SS-Sturmführer on 1 April 1929. He also joined the SA in July 1930 but left it later.
Eberstein eventually reached the high rank of SS-Obergruppenfuhrer, held two HSSPF posts, and was the Führer of SS-Oberabschnitt Mitte (and Elbe when Mitte was absorbed), and then later Führer of SS-Oberabschnitt Süd for over 10 years.
Heydrich and Himmler.
Eberstein played a part in the first meeting of two of the major leaders of both the SS and later the Holocaust: Reinhard Heydrich and Heinrich Himmler. Eberstein and Heydrich's families were both from Halle on the Saale. His mother was Heydrich's godmother. He was also a friend of Lina Heydrich, Reinhard Heydrich's wife. Acting on the advice of Karl von Eberstein, Himmler agreed to interview Heydrich. When Himmler cancelled Heydrich's interview in Munich due to alleged illness, Lina ignored the message, and sent Heydrich on a Munich bound train. Karl met Heydrich at the station and drove him to meet Himmler. Himmler received Heydrich and hired him as the chief of the new SS 'Ic Service' or Intelligence Service (which would later become known as the Sicherheitsdienst (SD).
Role during Kristallnacht.
Eberstein was the police president of Munich during Kristallnacht. On 10 November 1938, at 1:20 a.m., Heydrich sent out a telegram to various police organizations giving orders for police behavior during the riots. At 2:10 Eberstein sent a telegram to the State Police HQ of Augsburg, Nurnburg, Wurzburg, and Neustadt a.d. Weinstrasse, the Regierungsprasident, and the Gauleiter, with the subject line "Anti-Jewish Measures". It relayed orders "from the Berlin HQ of the State Police", saying that "Anti-Jewish demonstrations" would occur, with synagogues and Jewish communal centers as targets, and that the demonstrations were not to be interfered with, except to prevent looting and excesses. The Ordnungspolizei or Orpo (uniform order police) would "...do nothing to hinder the demonstrations", but the criminal police and state police would wear plain-clothes. The SS troops could help, but the state police was supposed to maintain control. It went on to state that between 20 and 30,000 Jews would be arrested in Germany. It concluded: "...Every effort will be made to arrest immediately as many Jews as the jails will hold, primarily healthy male and well-to-do adults of not too advanced age". A document from Beutel (probably Lothar Beutel) , HQ of State Police Munich, six minutes later, stated that "officers of the state and criminal police" would accompany the demonstrators in plain-clothes, allow them to destroy Jewish shops and homes, but to prevent looting, after which the Ordnungspolizei would secure the destroyed buildings.
David Irving contends that Eberstein was a witness to Hitler's anger on that night, and that his testimony at Nuremberg helped prove that Hitler did not approve of Kristallnacht. This claim was refuted at the Irving v. Lipstadt trial, when Irving sued Lipstadt for calling him a Holocaust Denier. Evans, in defense of Lipstadt, claimed that it made no sense for Eberstein to send his telegram of 2:10 a.m. if he had earlier that night listened to Hitler tirade angrily against the pogrom. The judge at the trial agreed that Irving "seriously misrepresents the available contemporaneous evidence".
Stalag VII A Moosburg and the Gestapo.
In late 1941, and early 1942, Eberstein was involved in a case involving Soviet Prisoners of War (POWs) at Stalag VII A, Moosburg, and the conflict between certain military officers and the SS over the murder of the POWs.
The Gestapo was having problems with certain military officers, especially Major Meinel, who were not cooperating. Meinel was the army officer in charge of POWs for Munich and its surrounding areas. The Gestapo had been "screening" Soviet POWs in Stalag VII A Moosburg, and then shipping the "screened out" people to Dachau where they were murdered. Meinel discovered the murders were going on, and refused to follow orders to send several hundred of the remaining "screened out" Soviets to Dachau. He also complained to his superiors in the military about what was happening. "Screened out" people included anyone who was Jewish, any officers, believers in communism, incurably sick people, etc., but the Gestapo told Meinel their methods of screening were not his business.
Eberstein became involved. In the book Nazi Conspiracy and Aggression, several telex / telegrams between the various offices involved have been translated and reproduced. These telegrams state that von Eberstein telephoned the RSHA or Reichssicherheitshauptamt (Reich Main Security Office) and told them that it was "intolerable" for Meinel to stay in his position, and it would cause problems with the relationship between the military and the SS. He told the RSHA to ask the military's German High Command (OKW) to have Meinel transferred to another position. After a few meetings, this is what concurred. The OKW decreed that the POWs that Meinel had temporarily saved would be surrendered to the Gestapo and then sent to Buchenwald. Meinel was later sent to Lithuania.
Authority over Dachau concentration camp.
On 12 March 1938, Eberstein was appointed Higher SS and Police Leader (HSSPF) for military district VII in Munich. In addition, on 17 December 1942 he was appointed HSSPF for the military district XIII in Nuremberg. Dachau concentration camp fell under Eberstein's authority as HSSPF.
Dismissal from posts.
Karl von Eberstein was dismissed from all posts on 20 April 1945 for "defeatism", by Gauleiter Paul Giesler, on orders from Martin Bormann.
Nuremberg testimony.
Eberstein was a witness at the Nuremberg Trials. He was interviewed by Horst Pelckmann, counsel for the SS, and Major F Elwyn Jones, junior counsel for the United Kingdom. In his testimony, Eberstein gave organizational and historical information about the SS, the SA, their relationship with the German nobility, the Nazi Party, the SD (Security Service) and the Gestapo (Secret State Police). Eberstein also claimed that the SS was not in the view of his peers, a criminal organization, it was not created for purposes of violence, did not participate in the invasion of Austria, that he knew nothing of SS participation in the invasions of France, Belgium, Russia, Poland, etc. Also that "my men" in the Allgemeine-SS (general SS) did not mention atrocities when home from "front leave".
As for his personal place in the chain of command, Eberstein stated that as a Police President, he had control over 1700 men, in the Schutzpolizei (Protection Police), Ordnungspolizei (Order Police), and Kriminalpolizei (Criminal Police). He claimed the "chiefs of police had nothing to do with the political police or the security service" (meaning the Gestapo, and the SD). It is unclear from this translation if he mentioned the Sicherheitspolizei (Security Police) or SiPo.
Eberstein also discussed his perspective on the Night of the Long Knives and Kristallnacht. In the latter, he claimed that he ordered his police to protect Jewish businesses, claiming, "We in the SS considered this action downright indecent", and blamed the events on a speech by Joseph Goebbels. However, given the telegrams Eberstein sent on that night, his claims cannot be seen as carrying any weight. He also briefly discussed the treatment of downed enemy pilots, per the Geneva Convention and Hague Rules on Land Warfare.
Denied involvement in Dachau concentration camp and the HSSPF.
The Dachau Concentration Camp complex was only a few kilometers from Munich. The question arose in the trial as to Eberstein's knowledge of the camp, authority over it, and participation in its activities. Eberstein denied everything. He claimed that the Allgemeine-SS did not establish concentration camps, instead claiming that the State established them. Also, he claimed that the Higher SS and Police Leaders (HSSPF), and the leaders of the Allgemeine-SS had nothing to do with concentration camps. He claimed the camps were under an independent chain of command, blaming the RSHA, the Economic and Administrative Main Office of the SS (SS-WVHA), and its Amt D, Inspectorate of Concentration Camps.
Eberstein also claimed to have given tours of Dachau concentration camp, on orders from Himmler, from 1936 onward. These tours included some Americans. Eberstein stated there was no reason to inspect the camps, and he had no right to do so; they appeared to be run and during the war inmates looked "well fed". In Spring of 1944, Eberstein claimed he became aware of abhorrent medical experiments involving Sigmund Rascher and had Rascher arrested; he complained to Himmler as to the matter. Eberstein stated that Rascher was kept under arrest until 1945, but that he had no power over Rascher.
Eberstein also stated that he had no authority over the camp commander, and didn't know about the numerous executions inside the camp. Eberstein claimed he had nothing to do with Adolf Eichmann and never saw him and that the SS troops in Dachau were separate from the rest of the SS and "we met them only occasionally". He did admit that some members of the Allgemeine-SS became concentration camp guards.
""In the fall of 1944 Himmler transferred to the Higher SS and Police Leaders the responsibility for safeguarding prisoner-of-war camps against mass escapes and against attempts from the outside to liberate prisoners. For this purpose, the Higher SS and Police Leaders were made senior commanders of the prisoners of war in their defense areas. According to international regulations regarding prisoners of war, police could not be used to guard prisoners of war, so the Higher SS and Police Leaders were taken over into the Waffen-SS and appointed generals of the Waffen-SS."" - Eberstein's 1946 Nuremberg explanation for how he came to be in the Waffen-SS and to have some authority over POWs.
Eberstein claimed he had a dispute with Gauleiter Paul Giesler, after Giesler ordered him to kill prisoners should the Americans approach, and he refused. He stated the general SS mostly ceased to exist by the start of the war, and that the Gauleiters; and "Reich Defense Commissioners", under Martin Bormann, were to blame. He claimed to have no knowledge as to the Einsatzgruppen, Einsatzkommandos, and Auschwitz. Eberstein stated he was in Munich during the entire war, thought foreign newspaper reports of atrocities were "enemy propaganda", and said it was impossible to "penetrate into the secret sphere of these extermination camps". He claimed the mass deaths in the camps on Typhus and allied bombing of medicine factories.
Denazification.
The Denazification of Germany included the classification of ex-Nazis into one of 5 categories. On 15 November 1948, Eberstein was classified by a German Denazification court as a (class III) Nazi and ordered to forfeit of 30% of his wealth. No additional jail time was ordered, because he was given credit for the three and half-years internment under the Allies. After some additional legal procedures, Eberstein was temporarily placed into a more serious category of former Nazi (class II). However, on 19 February 1953, he was finally classified in the less-serious category IV of Mitläufer, which can be roughly translated as "follower and sympathizer". Other criminal investigations of Eberstein were without consequences, including preliminary investigations in 1950 and 1961 by prosecuting authorities in Munich of charges that Eberstein had ordered or participated in the murders of prisoners of war.
Bibliography.
Books.
English
German

</doc>
<doc id="20830855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830855" title="Jack Lyons">
Jack Lyons

Jack Lyons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20830858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830858" title="Ferrand">
Ferrand

Ferrand may refer to:
Cities:
Churches:
Airports:
Arenas:
As a name:

</doc>
<doc id="20830868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830868" title="Diamond Harbour subdivision">
Diamond Harbour subdivision

Diamond Harbour subdivision is a subdivision of the South 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Diamond Harbour municipality and nine community development blocks: Diamond Harbour–I, Diamond Harbour–II, Falta, Kulpi, Magrahat–I, Magrahat–II, Mandirbazar, Mathurapur–I and Mathurapur–II. The nine blocks contain two census towns and 99 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Diamond Harbour. 
Area.
Apart from the Diamond Harbour municipality, the subdivision contains two census towns and rural areas of 99 gram panchayats under nine community development blocks: Diamond Harbour–I, Diamond Harbour–II, Falta, Kulpi, Magrahat–I, Magrahat–II, Mandirbazar, Mathurapur–I and Mathurapur–II. The two census towns are: Uttar Kalas and Bilandapur.
Blocks.
Diamond Harbour–I block.
Rural area under Diamond Harbour–I block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Basuldanga, Derak, Mashat, Bolsiddhi Kalinagar, Harindanga, Netra, Kanpur Dhanaberia and Parulia. There is no urban area under this block. Diamond Harbour police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Diamond Harbour.
Diamond Harbour–II block.
Rural area under Diamond Harbour–II block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Bhadura Haridas, Khordo, Patra, Kalatalahat, Mathur, Sarisa, Kamarpol and Nurpur. There is no urban area under this block. Diamond Harbour police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sarisa.
Falta block.
Rural area under Falta block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Banganagar–I, Chaluari, Gopalpur, Noyapukuria, Banganagar–II, Debipur, Harindanga–I, Belsingha–I, Falta, Harindanga–II, Belsingha–II, Fatepur and Mallikpur. There is no urban area under this block. Falta police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chaberia.
Kulpi block.
Rural area under Kulpi block consists of 14 anchal panchayats, viz. Baburmahal, Gajipur, Keoratala, Ramkrishnapur, Belpukur, Iswaripur, Kulpi, Ramnagar–Gazipur, Chandipur, Kamarchak, Rajarampur, Dhola, Karanjali and Ramkishore. There is no urban area under this block. Kulpi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Paschim Gopalnagar.
Magrahat–I block.
Rural area under Magrahat–I block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Yearpur, Lakshmikantapur, Shrichanda, Uttarkusum, Ektara, Rangilabad, Sirakol, Hariharpur, Kalikapota, Sherpur and Usthi. There is no urban area under this block. Usthi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Usthi.
Magrahat–II block.
Rural area under Magrahat–II block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Amratala, Dihikalas, Magrahat Paschim, Nainan, Dhamua Dakshnin, Gokarni, Magrahat Purba, Urelchandpur, Dhamua Uttar, Hotor Morjada, Mohanpur, Dhanpota, Jugdia and Multi. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Uttar Kalas and Bilandapur. Usthi and Mandirbazar police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Magrahat.
Mandirbazar block.
Rural area under Mandirbazar block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Anchna, Nisapur, Ghateswar, Krishnapur, South Bishnupur, Dhanurhat, Jagadishpur, Chandpur, Gabberia and Kecharkur. There is no urban area under this block. Mandirbazar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mandirbazar.
Mathurapur–I block.
Rural area under Mathurapur–I block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Abad Bhagawanpur, Krishnachandrapur, Mathurapur Purba, Uttar Lakshminarayanpur, Dakshin Laksminarayanpur, Lalpur, Nalua, Mathurapur Paschim, Shankarpur and Debipur. There is no urban area under this block. Mathurapur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mathurapur.
Mathurapur–II block.
Rural area under Mathurapur–II block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Dighirpar–Bakultala, Kankandighi, Kumrapara, Radhakantapur, Gilarchhat, Kasinagar, Nagendrapur, Raidighi, Kautala, Khari and Nandakumarpur. There is no urban area under this block. Raidighi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Baribhangabad.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the area under Kulpi block will constitute the Kulpi assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Mathurapur–II block and six gram panchayats under the Mathurapur–I block, viz. Abad Bhagawanpur, Debipur, Krishnachandrapur, Lalpur, Shankarpur and Nalua, will together form the Raidighi assembly constituency. The other four gram panchayats under the Mathurapur–I block and the area under the Mandirbazar block will together form the Mandirbazar assembly constituency. The area under the Magrahat–II block will form the Magrahat Purba assembly constituency. The Magrahat Paschim assembly constituency will be form by the area covered by the Magrahat–I block and the Netra gram panchayats under the Diamond Harbour–I block. The other seven gram panchayats under this block, the Diamond Harbour municipality and six gram panchayats under the Diamond Harbour–II block, viz. Khordo, Patra, Mathur, Sarisa, Kamarpol and Nurpur, will together form the Diamond Harbour assembly constituency. The other two gram panchayats under the Diamond Harbour–II block, viz. Bhadura Haridas and Kalatalahat, and the Falta block will define the extent of the Falta assembly constituency. The constituencies of Mandirbazar and Magrahat Purba will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. Magrahat Purba constituency will be an assembly segment of the Jaynagar (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates. The constituencies of Kulpi, Raidighi, Mandirbazar and Magrahat Paschim will be assembly segments of the Mathurapur (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates. Diamond Harbour and Falta constituencies will assembly segments of the Diamond Harbour (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20830875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830875" title="Equality Utah">
Equality Utah

Equality Utah is an American non-profit 501(c)(3) organization which is Utah's largest LGBT rights group based in Salt Lake City, Utah. The organization is a member of the Equality Federation.
History.
It was founded in 2001 as Unity Utah and took its present name in 2004.
In 2008, Equality Utah's Common Ground Initiative brought the group national attention. During the campaigns for and against California's 2008 Proposition 8, leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) made statements that the LDS Church "does not object to rights for same-sex couples regarding hospitalization and medical care, fair housing and employment rights, or probate rights." In response, on November 10, 2008, Equality Utah proposed a number of bills to the Utah State Legislature affording Utah citizens those rights and asked the LDS Church to "stand by" those statements. On December 23, 2008, Human Rights Campaign representatives delivered twenty-seven-thousand letters asking the LDS Church to support those bills; the LDS Church declined to comment on the matter.

</doc>
<doc id="20830892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830892" title="Ecker (surname)">
Ecker (surname)

Ecker is a surname. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20830895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830895" title="Heaven's Corner">
Heaven's Corner

Heaven's Corner is a non-profit, USDA-licensed and certified zoo and animal sanctuary located in West Alexandria, Ohio.
The sanctuary was opened in 1990 to serve as a home for abandoned exotic animals. In 1999, it opened to the public, in an attempt to help pay for the costs. The zoo is open to the public during the summer and fall, and appointments and educational tours are also available. In 2008, the zoo finished building a new river otter exhibit, and had both a bear habitat and a large cat habitat under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="20830896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830896" title="Mark Grew">
Mark Grew

Mark Stuart Grew (born 15 February 1958) is an English former football goalkeeper, now assistant manager to Micky Adams at Port Vale. On three occasions he has also served as the club's caretaker-manager, most recently from March to May in 2011.
His career started in 1976 with West Bromwich Albion, where he spent seven seasons as a back-up keeper before moving on to Leicester City. After just a year with the "Foxes" he moved on to Ipswich Town. In 1986 he signed for Port Vale, where he became the first choice goalkeeper. He spent six years at Vale Park, making almost 200 league appearances, twice winning the club's Player of the Year award and playing in the 1989 Third Division play-off victory. He transferred to Cardiff City in 1992, and won the Third Division title with the club in 1992–93, and also picked up two Welsh Cup winners medals. His final club was Hednesford Town, who he signed for in 1994, and left in 1995. Over the years he also enjoyed short loan spells with Wigan Athletic, Oldham Athletic, Fulham, and Blackburn Rovers.
He remained in the game after retirement as a player, spending eight years as a coach at Port Vale before his sacking in 2002. He quickly returned to his coaching position at the club though, and remains a key member of the backroom staff. He has had three separate spells as caretaker-manager at the club.
Playing career.
Grew grew up in Bilston, where he attended the goalkeeping academy ran by legendary Wolverhampton Wanderers goalkeeper Bert Williams after accepting that he "was probably too fat and lazy to play outfield". He turned professional at First Division club West Bromwich Albion in the 1976–77 season, having just starred in the 1976 FA Youth Cup final, which ended in a 5–0 aggregate victory over Wolverhampton Wanderers. During the 1978–79 campaigned he was loaned out to Fourth Division newcomers Wigan Athletic, where he played four league games in the absence of John Brown. He returned to The Hawthorns, and played 33 league games for the "Baggies" as he faced competition from Tony Godden, before he joined Leicester City, also of the First Division, for a £25,000 fee. He played five top-flight games for the "Foxes" in 1983–84, and also played five Second Division games on loan at Oldham Athletic, before he moved to First Division club Ipswich Town on a £60,000 transfer in March 1984. He spent two seasons with the "Tractor Boys", but played just six league games. He also played four Second Division games on loan at Fulham in 1985, and returned to West Brom on loan in 1986 to play one game.
In June 1986, he joined Third Division Port Vale; aged 28 years old, he was looking for first team football. His debut for the club came in a 2–2 draw against Middlesbrough at Victoria Park, who were at the time close to folding. After he sustained an injury in the game, he suffered from damaged knee ligaments for much of the 1986–87 season. However Alex Williams retired from back injury in September 1987. As Grew took the #1 jersey he never looked back and played fifty games in 1987–88.
Grew was then voted the club's Player of the Year for his performances over his 49 games in 1988–89. He played both legs of Vale's play-off Final victory over Bristol Rovers, conceding just the one goal. He played 51 games in 1989–90, as Vale retained their Second Division status.
However he losing his place to Trevor Wood in August 1990, and had a successful loan spell with league rivals Blackburn Rovers in October 1990, playing thirteen league games. He won his first team spot back at Vale in February 1991, and played fourteen games for the "Valiants" in 1990–91. He became the club's Player of the Year once more in 1992 for his ever-presence in the 53 game 1991–92 season. However he left on a free transfer for Cardiff City in May 1992.
He was between the posts for Cardiff City when they beat Manchester City 1–0 in the FA Cup Fourth Round on 29 January 1994. He became an "instant hero" with the Cardiff supporters after saving a penalty from Keith Curle. He joined non-League side Hednesford Town in 1994 after leaving Cardiff and made one appearance during the 1994–95 season.
Style of play.
He was a shot-stopping goalkeeper, who mostly remained on his line and relied on his defenders to deal with crosses.
Managerial and coaching career.
Grew was appointed the Port Vale youth coach in December 1994 and stayed with the club for the next eight years. He was appointed assistant manager under Brian Horton in 1999, until he was sacked in December 2002 by the club's administrators. In March 2003 he was appointed as assistant manager at Stafford Rangers, until he returned to Port Vale in a coaching capacity for the youth-team, after the club was taken over by Valiant 2001. Following a capitulation to Leyton Orient at Brisbane Road on 20 October 2007, Grew gave a memorable post-match interview, saying that the team was "gutless... spineless... the worst bunch of players I have seen at Vale Park in 17 years". On 8 October 2008, Grew rejected the opportunity to become assistant to recently appointed Port Vale manager Dean Glover.
In December 2010, he was made joint caretaker manager at Vale, along with Geoff Horsfield, following the departure of Micky Adams. Vale were hammered 5–0 by Rotherham United in his first game in charge, but rallied to beat Burton Albion 2–1, before Jim Gannon was appointed manager. During Adams' reign Grew had doubled up as a first team coach, but when Gannon arrived at the club Grew chose to focus solely on his role as youth team coach. Following Gannon's swift departure in March 2011, Grew was elevated to the position of caretaker-manager for the third time in twelve years. Assisted by Horsfield, Marc Richards told the press that "it's absolutely brilliant that Grewy and Geoff are in charge again". After his first match back in charge ended in a 1–1 draw, Grew stated that if offered the job first time he would "seriously consider it". Defeat to bottom club Stockport County all but ended the club's promotion campaign, as well as Grew's hopes of a permanent appointment. He slammed both his players and the directors, claiming that "I was never in the picture to become the next manager".
Upon Adams' return as manager he reshuffled the club's coaching set-up, and in July 2011 Grew was made assistant manager.
Personal life.
Grew's daughter, Melissa (born 1992), is a model.

</doc>
<doc id="20830905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830905" title="Big Salmon River (Yukon)">
Big Salmon River (Yukon)

The Big Salmon River flows through the traditional territories of Teslin Tlingit, the Kaska Dena, and the Little Salmon Carmacks First Nations. This Big Salmon River is a tributary of the Yukon River The encampment of Big Salmon Village lies at the confluence of the Big Salmon and Yukon Rivers.
Geography and ecology.
Black Spruce is a dominant tree in the Big Salmon River watershed. This locale near the Seward Peninsula represents the near westernmost limit of the Black Spruce, "Picea mariana", one of the most widespread conifers in northern North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20830910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830910" title="God and a Girl">
God and a Girl

God and a Girl is the second release and debut full-length album by Christian artist/songwriter Joy Whitlock, released on Ardent Records. The album contains 14 tracks, 4 of which were on her "The Fake EP" released in 2005. The album title comes from the theme of Whitlock's conversations with God throughout each song. Some are written from her perspective to God, others from God to her. As on her EP, strings of struggle, pain, doubt, and redemption are woven throughout the album. "Holding on to Me" was released as the first single off the album, garnering some radio play on Christian stations in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="20830924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830924" title="Helwig">
Helwig

Helwig is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20830952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830952" title="Snake River (Yukon)">
Snake River (Yukon)

The Snake River is located in the Yukon Territory near the Northwest Territories border. It is the farthest east river in the Peel watershed, a major tributary of the Mackenzie River.
The Snake is 300 km (186 mi) in length. The headwaters of the river are located in the Werneke Mountains. 
First Nations.
The Snake River flows through traditional territories of the Tetlit Gwitchin and the Na-cho Ny’a’k Dun First Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="20830954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830954" title="Ballon d'Or 2006">
Ballon d'Or 2006

The 2006 Ballon d'Or, given to the best football player in Europe as judged by a panel of sports journalists from UEFA member countries, was awarded to Fabio Cannavaro on 28 November 2006.
Cannavaro was the fifth Italian national to win the award after Omar Sívori (1961), Gianni Rivera (1969), Paolo Rossi (1982), and Roberto Baggio (1993). He was also the fifth Real Madrid player to win the trophy after Alfredo di Stéfano (1957, 1959), Raymond Kopa (1958), Ronaldo (1997, 2002) and Luís Figo (2000).
Rankings.
Additionally, 24 players were nominated but received no votes: Michael Ballack (Bayern Munich, Chelsea), Tim Cahill (Everton), Joe Cole (Chelsea), Grégory Coupet (Lyon), Cris (Lyon), Mahamadou Diarra (Real Madrid), Michael Essien (Chelsea), Cesc Fàbregas (Arsenal), William Gallas (Chelsea, Arsenal), Steven Gerrard (Liverpool), Ludovic Giuly (Barcelona), Fabio Grosso (Palermo, Internazionale), Claude Makélélé (Chelsea), Florent Malouda (Lyon), Édison Méndez (LDU Quito, PSV), Juan Román Riquelme (Villarreal), Arjen Robben (Chelsea), Wayne Rooney (Manchester United), Willy Sagnol (Bayern Munich), Bastian Schweinsteiger (Bayern Munich), Andriy Shevchenko (Milan, Chelsea), Lilian Thuram (Juventus, Barcelona), Tiago (Lyon), and Fernando Torres (Atlético Madrid).

</doc>
<doc id="20830968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830968" title="Kakdwip subdivision">
Kakdwip subdivision

Kakdwip subdivision is a subdivision of the South 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of four community development blocks: Kakdwip, Namkhana, Patharpratima and Sagar. The four blocks contain 42 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Kakdwip. 
Area.
The subdivision contains rural areas of 42 gram panchayats under four community development blocks: Kakdwip, Namkhana, Patharpratima and Sagar. There is no urban area under these four blocks.
Blocks.
Kakdwip block.
Rural area under Kakdwip block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Bapuji, Rabindra, Sri Sri Ramkrishna, Swami Bibekananda, Madhusudanpur, Ramgopalpur, Srinagar, Netaji, Rishi Bankimchandra, Suryanagar and Pratapadityanagar. Kakdwip police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Pakurberia.
Namkhana block.
Rural area under Namkhana block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Budhakhali, Haripur, Namkhana, Shibrampur, Frezarganj, Mausini and Narayanpur. Namkhana and Kakdwip police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Namkhana.
Patharpratima block.
Rural area under Patharpratima block consists of 15 gram panchayats, viz. Achintyanagar, Dakshin Raipur, Gopalnagar, Ramganga, Banashyamnagar, Digambarpur, Herambagopalpur, Sridharnagar, Brajaballavpur, Durbachati, Laksmijanardanpur, Srinarayanpur Purnachandrapur, Dakshin Gangadharpur, G Plot and Patharpratima. Patharpratima police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ramganga.
Sagar block.
Rural area under Sagar block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Dhablat, Dhaspara Sumatinagar–II, Ghoramara, Ramkarchar, Dhaspara Sumatinagar–I, Muriganga–I, Rudranagar, Gangasagar and Muriganga–II. Sagar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rudranagar.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the area under the Patharpratima block forms the Patharpratima assembly constituency. The Kakdwip block, along with two gram panchayats under the Namkhana block, viz. Budhakhali and Narayanpur, will form the Kakdwip assembly constituency. The other five gram panchayats under the Namkhana block along with the area covered by the Sagar block will form the Sagar assembly constituency. All the three constituencies will be assembly segments of the Mathurapur (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="20830976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20830976" title="Scott Hoffman">
Scott Hoffman

Scott Hoffman (born October 10, 1961 in Fort Myers, Florida) is an American rock drummer. He is best known for his years playing with Southern rock band 38 Special, from 1992 - 1997.
Hoffman graduated from Berklee College of Music in 1983 with a Bachelor's of Music Degree in Audio Recording.
Hoffman's professional career began in high school as a percussionist with the Miami Beach Symphony Orchestra. Over the years, Hoffman's career has spanned musical genres as he has played for 38 Special, O-Town, Down Time, Chris Hicks Band (Marshall Tucker Band & The Outlaws), Brian Howe (Bad Company), Johnny No Name aka A. J. McLean (Backstreet Boys), and Mindy Abair. Additionally, Hoffman has played drums with James Taylor (subbing for Steve Gadd) and Jerry Douglas (subbing for Doug Belote).
Since 2003, Scott has been the drum tech for Steve Gadd (James Taylor and Paul Simon).

</doc>
<doc id="20831007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831007" title="P-3 radar">
P-3 radar

The "Pegmantit 3" or P-3 (also referred to by the NATO reporting name "Dumbo" in the west) was an early VHF radar developed and operated by the former Soviet Union.
Development.
The "Pegmantit 3" which is abbreviated to P-3 was one of the first 2D early warning and ground control radars to be developed by the former Soviet Union. The development of the radar was initiated in 1943 as a replacement for the previous RUS stations used during the second world war and by the end of 1947 the radar was completed and in operational service. The P-3 was the first radar to be developed by the SKB Design Bureau, a division of State Plant No.197 named after V.I.Lenin, the predecessor of the current Nizhniy Novgorod Research Institute of Radio Engineering (NNIIRT). The radar had to be able to detect an aircraft to a range of no less than 130 kilometers, cover 360 degrees in azimuth and 4-18 degrees in elevation. A response time of no more than 25 seconds was stipulated and the radar had to be accurate to within 650 meters in range and within 700 meters in altitude, as well as operate in the VHF band. SKB managed to meet these performance requirements with the P-3 radar and this was confirmed during testing in 1945 before entry into service with the PVO.
Description.
The P-3 was produced in two variants the P-3A (fixed) and the P-3M (mobile) with a transmitter and receiver mounted on separate trucks. Both variants operate in a similar fashion using two mast mounted antennas (transmitter and receiver) composed of Yagi antennas mounted one above the other in the case of the receiver, the radar also used an A-scope display. Azimuth was scanned mechanically by the receiver antenna with elevation determined using a Goniometer, the phase difference between the upper and lower Yagi antenna was used to calculate the elevation angle which could then be used to determine the height of the target once the range was known. The P-3 had a maximum power output of up to 100 kW and a pulse duration of 10-15 microseconds.
Operators.
The P-3 was operated by the Soviet Union from 1947 but has long since become obsolete and retired from service, replaced by more advanced models entering into service after the P-3 such as the P-8 radar.

</doc>
<doc id="20831014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831014" title="Arabic Numeral Series">
Arabic Numeral Series

The Arabic Numeral Series, sometimes referred to as the Arabics, is a series of 19 short 16mm films completed by the American experimental filmmaker Stan Brakhage in 1981 and 1982. The "Arabic Numeral Series" gets its name from the fact that none of the films included in it have titles, instead opening with an arabic numeral. Brakhage produced another cycle, the "Roman Numeral Series", whose films all have Roman numerals instead of titles, around the same time. All of the "Arabics" are silent and are intended to be projected at 18 frames per second.
Writing in a 1997 introduction to a screening of the complete cycle, film critic Fred Camper referred to the "Arabics" as being the "richest" of the filmmaker's 1980s cycles, explaining: "With some exceptions, the "Arabics" take the idea of the void as their ground. That is, the light we do see almost always seems to be set against darkness, or occasionally against white, these momentary flickers that materialize tenuously out of emptiness. But the darkness is not 'night,' or even simply some more abstract absence of light, but a more profound vacuum: it represents a world stripped of all the coordinates of the known, an unmeasurable absence. [...] These lushly sensual, pleasurable-to-view films are also terrifying: their unpredictability, continually enacting new dramas of surprise, alternatively swamps the viewer in light and leaves him adrift in darkness. "

</doc>
<doc id="20831018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831018" title="Typhoon Nabi">
Typhoon Nabi

Typhoon Nabi (international designation: 0514, JTWC designation: 14W, PAGASA name: Jolina) was the third super typhoon of the 2005 typhoon season in the northwestern Pacific. The storm had winds up to at peak intensity, and caused over 143 injuries and 21 confirmed deaths in Japan. Damage totaled about 535 million (2005 USD).
Meteorological History.
During late August, an area of convection persisted about 560 nautical miles (1,035 km) east of Guam. Satellite imagery indicated a large area of showers and thunderstorms with developing outflow and a low-level circulation had formed beneath the convection. At 0000 UTC on August 29 the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) classified the low as a tropical depression while located about 475 nmi (885 km) east-southeast of Saipan. The depression was within an area of moderate vertical wind shear which hindered outflow to the north. Roughly six hours later, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) classified the system as Tropical Depression 14W. Almost two days later, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Nabi, by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC), a name meaning butterfly. Nabi strengthened further to become a typhoon the next day, and it passed by the islands of Guam and Saipan on August 31.
Guam experienced gale-force wind speeds, and up to of rain. In addition, Saipan experienced wind gusts up to . Steadily strengthening, Nabi reached Category 5 intensity on September 1, after passing near the Marianas Islands, where President Bush issued a major disaster declaration. Federal funding was also available for the islands of Rota, Tinian, and Saipan, but only on a cost sharing basis. As the storm began turning to the north, it entered the Philippine area of responsibility on September 3, where it earned the name "Jolina". Weakening slightly, typhoon Nabi (Jolina) passed to the east of Okinawa, Japan, and on September 6, it made landfall on the Kagoshima Prefecture of Japan, as a Category 2 storm. It weakened to a Category 1 system shortly after landfall, and dissipated shortly thereafter, while located between Russia and Alaska. In Japan, 21 deaths were caused by the storm.
Two days after the dissipation of the system, five people were reported missing in South Korea, and fifty were reported in Japan. In addition, Japan also reported 143 injured people. The storm completely destroyed approximately 10,000 homes, and 31 of 47 prefectures reported damage. Slightly under 100 roads were damaged, and nearly 170 mudslides occurred. The heaviest damage from the storm took place in Miyazaki prefecture on the island of Kyushu. No deaths were reported in the Marianas islands, where the storm passed under Category 5 strength.
Preparations.
In Guam, officials cancelled several flights in and out of the island, and delayed numerous others in preparation of Typhoon Nabi. Additionally, several schools were used for shelter from the system as it passed by the island. In Kyushu, officials evacuated over a quarter of a million people in fear of Typhoon Nabi affecting Japan. Means of transportation came to a halt for tens of thousands of people, where ferries and trains were shut down in preparation of the storm. In addition, at least 723 flights to and from the island were cancelled because of the storm.
Japan's second-largest refinery, Idemitsu Kosan, chose to stop shipments to other refineries across the area, and Japan's largest refinery, Nippon Oil, stopped all sea shipments. The Cosmo Oil Company, Japan's fourth largest refinery, stopped all shipments to Yokkaichi and Sakaide refineries. Nearly a thousand and half soldiers were dispatched to Tokyo in order to help coastal areas prepare for Typhoon Nabi (Jolina)'s arrival, and to clean up after the storm. On September 4, four days before the dissipation of the storm, officials in the Miyazaki Prefecture issued a flood warning for expected heavy rains in the area.
Lastly, 76 domestic and international flights were cancelled, in South Korea.
Impact.
Throughout its lifespan, Typhoon Nabi (Jolina) was responsible for the deaths of 39 people and $535 million (2005 USD; $602 million 2011 USD) in damage.
Mariana Islands and Guam.
On August 31, Typhoon Nabi passed about 30 nmi (55 km; 35 mi) north-northeast of Saipan. Rainfall from the storm peaked at 173.2 mm (6.82 in) over a 24 hour period. Winds on the island were recorded at 51 kts (95 km/h; 59 mph) with a gust up to 65 kts (120 km/h; 75 mph). Two homes were completely destroyed, 26 were deemed uninhabitable, and 77 other sustained minor damages. About 70–80% of the crops on the island were also destroyed. Damages to vegetation resulted in 544 tonnes (600 tons) of debris. The entire island was left without power, some without water, after the storm. On Tinian, three homes were destroyed and six others were damaged. Only minor flooding and scattered power outages were reported on Rota. In Guam, the Untalan Middle School experienced minor flooding which led to an evacuation in the school. Roads were flooded for several hours and scattered power outages were reported. Damages from the four islands was estimated at $2.5 million (2005 USD). One fatality occurred on September 3 when a tourist drowned after being overcome by rip currents produced behind Nabi.
Japan.
Ahead of the storm, high waves and gusty winds led to one drowning when a woman was knocked off a ferry in Takamatsu, Kagawa. A landslide in Miyazaki destroyed five homes, killing three people. Torrential rains, falling at rates 228.6 mm (9 in) per hour or more, caused flooding and landslides throughout the country. A man who was listed as missing was found dead in a flooded rice field. In Tarumi, a landslide buried a home in mud, killing two people.
The record setting rains from Nabi caused significant slope failures and large accumulations of driftwood. The amount of sediment displaced by the rains was estimated at 4,456 m3/km2, over four times the yearly average. A total of 630 m3 (2,066 ft3) of driftwood was recorded.
Continued evacuations took place after the storm made landfall to protect residents from flood waters and landslides. The first evacuation order during the storm took place in the Arita district. In Miyazaki City, 21,483 households were evacuated following reports of significant overflow on the nearby river. Another 10,000 residences were evacuated in Nobeoka following similar reports.
About 237,725 residences were reported to have lost power during the storm.
South Korea.
Heavy rains amounting up to 622.5 mm (24.5 in) led to six fatalities and caused $115.4 million (2005 USD) in damages.
Aftermath.
Nearly a month after the dissipation of Typhoon Nabi (Jolina), President George Bush declared a major disaster declaration for the northern Marianas islands, in the wake of the system.
Retirement.
Due to the effects of the storm in Japan, the name "Nabi" was retired, and replaced with the name "Doksuri".

</doc>
<doc id="20831019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831019" title="The AccoLade (band)">
The AccoLade (band)

The AccoLade is the first all-girl alternative rock band from Saudi Arabia. The band consists of four college students of King Abdulaziz University. The band’s name comes from Edmund Leighton's painting "The Accolade" of a princess knighting a warrior.
The band's first single, "Pinocchio", has become an underground hit with quarter of a million downloads from the group's page on MySpace.
Controversy.
American pop culture magazine, Venus Zine, featured The AccoLade in its “25 under 25” list for 2009 for bringing “progressiveness and greater promise” to Saudi Arabia.[http://www.venuszine.com/articles/art_and_culture/culture/5754/What_glass_ceiling]

</doc>
<doc id="20831029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831029" title="Rodić">
Rodić

Rodić is the name of:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20831034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831034" title="Negros Occidental Private Schools Sports Cultural Educational Association">
Negros Occidental Private Schools Sports Cultural Educational Association

The Negros Occidental Private Schools Sports Cultural Educational Association (NOPSSCEA, often read "Nop-say-yah" ) is a voluntary association of private institutions that organizes athletic, cultural and educational programs of many schools, colleges and universities in the Philippine province of Negros Occidental. Its headquarters is located in Panaad Park in the provincial capital Bacolod City. 
The Association's founding schools include Colegio San Agustin-Bacolod, University of St. La Salle, University of Negros Occidental - Recoletos, West Negros University, St. John's Institute and Riverside College. At present NOPSSCEA has 54 member-school in the province.

</doc>
<doc id="20831046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831046" title="Canning subdivision">
Canning subdivision

Canning subdivision is a subdivision of the South 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of four community development blocks: Basanti, Canning–I, Canning–II and Gosaba. The four blocks contain 46 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Canning.
Area.
The subdivision contains rural areas of 46 gram panchayats under four community development blocks: Basanti, Canning I, Canning II and Gosaba. There is no urban area under these four blocks.
Blocks.
Basanti block.
Rural area under Basanti block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Amjhara, Chunakhali, Kanthalberia, Uttar Mokamberia, Basanti, Foolmalancha, Maszidbati, Bharatgarh, Jharkhali, Nafarganj, Charabidya, Jyotishpur and Ramchandrakhali. Basanti police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sonakhali.
Canning–I block.
Rural area under Canning–I block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Bansra, Gopalpur, Matla–I, Taldi, Daria, Hatpukuria, Matla–II, Dighirpar, Itkhola and Nikarighata. Canning police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Canning Town.
Canning–II block.
Rural area under Canning–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Atharobanki, Kalikatala, Sarengabad, Deuli–I, Matherdighi, Tambuldaha–I, Deuli–II, Narayanpur and Tambuldaha–II. Canning police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Canning Town.
Gosaba block.
Rural area under Gosaba block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Amtali, Chhota Mollakhali, Lahiripur, Rangabelia, Bali–I, Gosaba, Pathankhali, Satjelia, Bali–II, Kachukhali, Radhanagar–Taranagar, Shambhunagar, Bipradaspur and Kumirmari. Gosaba police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Gosaba.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the Gosaba block and two gram panchayats under the Basanti block, viz. Chunakhali and Maszidbati, will together form the Gosaba assembly constituency. All the other gram panchayats under the Basanti block, along with Atharobanki gram panchayat under the Canning–II block will together form the Basanti assembly constituency. The area under the Canning–I block and the Narayanpur gram panchayat under the Canning–II block will together form the Canning Paschim assembly constituency. All the other seven gram panchayats under the Canning–II block will be part of the area covered by the Canning Purba assembly constituency. The constituencies of Gosaba, Basanti and Canning Paschim will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. All the four constituencies will be assembly segments of the Jaynagar (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="20831047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831047" title="Swing! (film)">
Swing! (film)

Swing! is a 1938 American race film directed, produced and written by Oscar Micheaux.
Plot.
Mandy Jenkins (Cora Green), an African American cook for a wealthy white family in Birmingham, Alabama, discovers her husband Cornell is having an affair with Eloise Jackson (Hazel Diaz). When she confronts her husband and Eloise at a nightclub, a violent fight ensues. Eloise leaves Birmingham and relocates to the Harlem section of New York City, where she gets a job as a cabaret vocalist under the false name of Cora Smith. She is followed to Harlem by her husband, Lem, who becomes mixed up in the local crime scene. Mandy also arrives in New York, having left Cornell. She gets a job as the wardrobe mistress at the cabaret where Eloise is performing. When Eloise breaks her leg during a drunken fall, Mandy is recruited as the last-minute substitute and becomes a musical star as the revue is transferred to Broadway. Cornell, who is now destitute, reunites with Mandy and agrees never to cheat on her again.
Production.
Green performs the Yiddish tune "Bei Mir Bistu Shein" for her star-making musical sequence.
Actress Dorothy Van Engle, who had a supporting role as an assistant producer, is credited for inventing a key scene in "Swing!", where her character and Mandy are sewing together. Van Engle, who was also a seamstress, created her own clothing for the film.
Elvera Sanchez Davis, the mother of entertainer Sammy Davis, Jr., had a small role in "Swing!" as a tap dancer.
"Swing!", which is a public domain title, has been frequently shown in film festivals and retrospective series celebrating the creative output of Oscar Micheaux, a pioneering African American filmmaker, and it has also been broadcast on U.S. television in programming devoted to the history of African American cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="20831066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831066" title="Ivan Rafael Rodić">
Ivan Rafael Rodić

Ivan Rafael Rodić (also , ) (June 15, 1870 - May 10, 1954), was a Croatian Franciscan priest who served as the first Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Belgrade-Smederevo between 1924 and 1936.
Rodić was born in the village of Nurkovac, at the time in the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia. As a Franciscan, he graduated from the Vienna University of Theology and started teaching theology in Baja, Hungary in 1893, where he remained until 1898.
He became the Abbot of the Franciscan monastery in Vienna, and the provincial minister of several monasteries in Croatia. Between 1881 and 1884, he was the provincial of the Province of St. John of Capistrano that included Slavonia, Syrmia and much of southern Hungary. In 1884, Rodić in his capacity as provincial declined the request of Ivan Antunović to help start a newspaper for the Bunjevci Croats in Bačka, fearing opposition from higher authorities, but supported his cause - using their native language and relaying them news from Croatia. Antunović did nevertheless manage to start the newspaper, "Neven", and eventually in 1909 Rodić contributed several articles to it.
He later served as the visitor general of the Order, travelling to numerous monasteries in Europe and America.
On February 10, 1923 Rodić became the apostolic administrator of the newly created Diocese of Banat and moved to Veliki Bečkerek (today Zrenjanin, Serbia). The following year, on October 29, 1924 he was named the archbishop of Belgrade-Smederevo.
On November 28, 1936, he was replaced as an archbishop of Belgrade and instead became the titular archbishop of Philippopolis in Thracia. He died in Požega.

</doc>
<doc id="20831083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831083" title="Gülüstü Kadın Efendi">
Gülüstü Kadın Efendi

Gülüstü Kadın Efendi () or Gülistan Münire Kadınefendi "(or Gülistü)" ( 1831–1861) was a Circassian wife (1854) of Ottoman Sultan Abdülmecid I.
Biography.
She was of Circassian ancestry. She had a daughter, Mediha Sultan (born 30 July 1856), and a son Mehmed VI (born 14 January / 2 February 1861 - died 15 May / 16 May 1926), who became the thirty-sixth and last Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, reigning from 1918 to 1922. She died just three months after giving birth to her son.
Burial place.
Her burial place is located at the Gülüstü Münire Sultan "Türbe" in front of the mihrab of Fatih Camii in Fatih, Istanbul.
Since Mehmed VI became sultan long after Gülüstü's death, she was never a Valide Sultan.

</doc>
