<doc id="20803357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803357" title="Parks and Recreation">
Parks and Recreation

Parks and Recreation is an American comedy television series on the NBC television network, starring Amy Poehler as Leslie Knope, a perky, mid-level bureaucrat in the parks department of Pawnee, a fictional town in Indiana. Conceived by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur, the series debuted on April 9, 2009 and is currently airing its sixth season, which began on September 26, 2013. The show was renewed for a seventh season by NBC on January 19, 2014. It uses a single-camera, mockumentary filming style, with the implication being that a documentary crew is filming everyone. The ensemble and supporting cast features Amy Poehler, Rashida Jones, Aziz Ansari, Nick Offerman, Aubrey Plaza, Paul Schneider, Chris Pratt, Adam Scott, Rob Lowe, Jim O'Heir, and Retta.
The writers researched local California politics for the show, and consulted with urban planners and elected officials. Poehler's character of Leslie Knope underwent minor changes after the first season in response to audience feedback that she seemed unintelligent and "ditzy". The writing staff tried to incorporate current events into their episodes, such as a government shutdown in Pawnee inspired by the real-life global financial crisis. Several guest stars have been featured in the show, and these characters often appear in multiple episodes.
"Parks and Recreation" received generally mixed reviews during its first season. However, after a reapproach to its format and tone, its second and subsequent seasons received much higher critical acclaim. "Parks and Recreation" has received several awards and nominations, including a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Comedy Series, four Emmy nominations for Poehler's performance, and a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy. In "Time"s 2012 year-end lists issue, "Parks and Recreation" was named the number one television series. In 2013, after receiving four consecutive nominations in the category, Parks and Recreation won the Television Critics Association Award for Outstanding Achievement in Comedy. "Parks and Recreation" has regularly been a part of NBC's "Comedy Night Done Right" programming during their Thursday night prime-time block.
Synopsis.
Season 1.
"Parks and Recreation" focuses on Leslie Knope (Amy Poehler), the deputy director of the Parks and Recreation Department in the fictional Indiana town of Pawnee. Local nurse Ann Perkins (Rashida Jones) demands that a construction pit in the abandoned lot beside her house be filled in after her boyfriend, Andy Dwyer (Chris Pratt), fell in and broke his legs. Leslie vows to turn the pit into a park, despite resistance from the parks director Ron Swanson (Nick Offerman), an anti-government libertarian. City planner Mark Brendanawicz (Paul Schneider) – for whom Leslie harbors romantic feelings – pragmatically insists the project is unrealistic due to government red tape, but nevertheless secretly convinces Ron to approve the project. Leslie and her staff, including Tom Haverford (Aziz Ansari) and the uninterested summer intern April Ludgate (Aubrey Plaza), try encouraging community interest in the pit project, but meet resistance. Later, Ann becomes furious to learn Andy has faked the severity of his injuries so Ann would pamper him. Meanwhile, a drunken and lonely Mark takes Leslie to the pit and kisses her, but she rejects his advances, not wishing to move forward while Mark is drunk. An embarrassed Mark accidentally falls into the pit and injures himself.
Season 2.
Ann breaks up with Andy and begins dating Mark, with Leslie's approval. It is revealed that Tom's marriage to the attractive surgeon Wendy (Jama Williamson) is actually a green card marriage which, to his disappointment, eventually ends in divorce. The pit is eventually filled in, after which Ron is visited by his horrible ex-wife Tammy (Megan Mullally), a librarian who unsuccessfully tries seducing him into turning the filled-in lot into a library branch. April becomes attracted to Andy, but he remains fixated on Ann. Just as Mark plans to propose to Ann, she reveals she no longer has feelings for him. They break up, and Mark leaves his city hall career for a private sector job. Meanwhile, a crippling budget deficit leads state auditors Chris Traeger (Rob Lowe) and Ben Wyatt (Adam Scott) to temporarily shut down the Pawnee government, much to Leslie's horror and Ron's delight. Meanwhile, Andy develops feelings for April, but she fears he is still hung up on Ann. Ann later kisses Andy due to conflicting emotions from her break-up with Mark, prompting April to angrily reject Andy. The season ends with Tom's shocked discovery that Ron is now dating his ex-wife, Wendy.
Season 3.
Leslie decides to bring back the defunct Pawnee harvest festival, the success or failure of which will determine the financial future of the department. After weeks of planning, the festival becomes a tremendous success through Leslie's efforts. Ann and Chris briefly date, but they break up after he returns to his old job in Indianapolis. Later, Chris returns to become Pawnee's acting city manager, and Ben also takes a job in Pawnee. Jealous over Ron dating Wendy, Tom briefly dates Tammy to get even, but the two eventually reconcile. Andy wins April back and they start dating. Only a few weeks later, they marry in a surprise ceremony. Leslie and Ben begin dating, but keep it secret due to Chris's policy against workplace romances. Leslie is approached about possibly running for elected office, a lifelong dream of hers, but when asked about potential scandals in her life she neglects to mention her relationship with Ben. Tom quits his city hall job to form an entertainment company with his friend, Jean-Ralphio (Ben Schwartz). The season ends with a horrified Ron learning that his first ex-wife, also named Tammy, has come to see him.
Season 4.
With Ben's encouragement, Leslie decides to run for city council, and the two end their relationship. Leslie hires Andy as her assistant. Patricia Clarkson appears as Ron's first ex-wife, "Tammy One", who uses her power as an IRS employee to trick Ron into thinking he's being audited and temporarily takes complete control over his life. Tom and Jean-Ralphio's company, Entertainment 720, quickly blows through massive amounts of promotional funding while performing little actual work; the company goes out of business and Tom returns to his old job. After struggling to move on both personally and professionally, Ben and Leslie get back together, and Ben sacrifices his job to save Leslie from losing hers. The scandal leads her political advisors to abandon Leslie's campaign, and the Parks Department volunteers to become her new campaign staff. Ben agrees to be Leslie's campaign manager. Leslie's ex-boyfriend Dave (Louis C.K.) reappears and unsuccessfully attempts to win Leslie back. Leslie's campaign faces myriad setbacks against her main opponent, Bobby Newport (Paul Rudd), and his famous campaign manager Jennifer Barkley (Kathryn Hahn). Ann and Tom begin an extremely rocky romantic relationship. April takes on more responsibility and is eventually given Leslie's old job. In the season finale, Jennifer offers Ben a job in Washington, which he reluctantly accepts, and after the race is initially called for Newport, Leslie wins the position in a recount.
Season 5.
On May 11, 2012 "Parks and Recreation" was picked up for a full 22-episode fifth season which premiered on Thursday, September 20, 2012. This season follows Leslie as she embarks on her term as a city council member. Leslie and Ben get engaged and are married in a surprising gala ceremony, April becomes the Deputy Director of the Animal Control and Jerry retires. In the season finale, it was announced that April is going to school to be a veterinarian and Ron is expecting his first child with Diane.
Season 6.
On May 9, 2013, NBC renewed "Parks and Recreation" for a sixth season. The season debuted on September 26, 2013 with an hour-long episode set in London. It was announced in July 2013, that Rob Lowe and Rashida Jones would leave the show around the middle of the season. The season begins where Diane announces she's pregnant. Ron proposes to her, she accepts, and they get married. It is also revealed that Ann is pregnant with Chris' child. Andy takes a job in London. The neighboring town of Eagleton goes into bankruptcy and is absorbed by Pawnee after Leslie sees no other way to save the town. Leslie loses the recall vote, and Tom sells Rent-A-Swag in a cash settlement. Ben is fired from Sweet-Um's and comes back to work at the local accounting firm, but quits promptly (again) after Chris tells him that he has been voted in as the next City Manager. April buys Ron's cabin in the woods. It is later revealed that Chris and Ann are having a boy. Leslie starts breaking ground on Pawnee Commons. Ann and Chris leave town for Michigan. Beginning with "Anniversaries," Jim O'Heir and Retta get a spot in the opening theme, in replace of Rashida Jones and Rob Lowe.
Season 7.
On January 19, 2014, NBC announced that "Parks and Recreation" was renewed for a seventh season.
Production.
Crew.
Deedle-Dee Productions and Universal Media Studios produced "Parks and Recreation" starting with the first season, and the production companies Fremulon and 3 Arts Entertainment also became involved with the show starting with the second season. The series was created by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur, who served as executive producers along with Howard Klein. Klein previously worked with Daniels and Schur on "The Office", a half-hour NBC comedy Daniels adapted from the British comedy of the same name, created by Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant. Schur served as the showrunner of "Parks and Recreation", while Amy Poehler and Morgan Sackett worked as producers. Dean Holland, an editor on "The Office", also worked as an editor on "Parks and Recreation". Mike Scully, a former executive producer and showrunner for "The Simpsons", joined "Parks and Recreation" as a consulting producer starting in the middle of the first season. Allison Jones, who worked as a casting director for "The Office", served in the same capacity at the start of "Parks and Recreation", along with Nancy Perkins, for whom the character Ann Perkins was named. Dorian Frankel became the casting director starting with the second season. Alan Yang, Harris Wittels and Katie Dippold, all of whom were "Parks and Recreation" screenwriters, also worked as executive story editors.
The pilot episode was written by Daniels and Schur, and directed by Daniels. Daniels also directed the second season episode "Hunting Trip", while Schur made his directorial debut with the first season finale "Rock Show", and wrote or directed several other episodes including "Sister City", "The Master Plan" and "Time Capsule". Poehler wrote two episodes: the second season episode "Telethon" and the third season's "The Fight". Holland also directed several episodes throughout the series, including "The Master Plan". Norm Hiscock, a consulting producer on the show, wrote a number of episodes including the first season finale "Rock Show" and second season premiere "Pawnee Zoo". Other regular screenwriters included Katie Dippold, Daniel J. Goor, Aisha Muharrar, Emily Spivey, Harris Wittels and Alan Yang. Frequent "Parks and Recreation" directors include Randall Einhorn, Troy Miller, and Jason Woliner, with several others guest-directing one or two episodes such as Jeffrey Blitz, Paul Feig, Tucker Gates, Seth Gordon, Nicole Holofcener, Beth McCarthy-Miller, Michael McCullers, and Charles McDougall.
Cast.
The principal cast starting in season one included:
Two new cast members joined the show starting with the penultimate second season episode, "The Master Plan":
Several actors have made recurring guest appearances throughout the show, including Pamela Reed as Leslie's mother and fellow politician Marlene Griggs-Knope, Ben Schwartz as Tom's fast-talking friend Jean-Ralphio, Jama Williamson as Tom's ex-wife Wendy, Mo Collins as morning talk show host Joan Callamezzo, Jay Jackson as television broadcaster Perd Hapley, Alison Becker as newspaper reporter Shauna Malwae-Tweep, Darlene Hunt as conservative activist Marcia Langman, and Andy Forrest as Andy's frequent shoeshine customer Kyle. Megan Mullally, the real-life wife of Nick Offerman, portrayed Ron's ex-wife Tammy in the second season's "Ron and Tammy", a role she reprised in later episodes.
Mullally's performance was well received, which made the "Parks and Recreation" producers feel more comfortable about using celebrity guest actors in later episodes. Other such celebrity guests included Carl Reiner, Fred Armisen, Jason Schwartzman, Will Arnett, Kristen Bell, H. Jon Benjamin, Matt Besser, Chris Bosh, Louis C.K., Sam Elliot, Will Forte, Michael Gross, Nick Kroll, John Larroquette, Natalie Morales, Parker Posey, Andy Samberg, Roy Hibbert, Detlef Schrempf, Justin Theroux, and Henry Winkler.
The show has also featured many real-life political figures including Vice President Joe Biden, Senator Barbara Boxer, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Senator John McCain, and Senator Olympia Snowe. Daniels co-created "Parks and Recreation" with Michael Schur, who had been a writer on "The Office". The two spent months considering ideas for the new series and debating whether to make it a stand-alone show rather than a spin-off. According to Daniels, they eventually abandoned the original spin-off plan because they "couldn't find the right fit". They considered a series about a local government official trying to rebuild a political career following a humiliating public spectacle. They eventually abandoned the idea, though it did end up being incorporated into the backstory for Ben Wyatt late in the second season. After Amy Poehler agreed to play the lead, they decided the show would revolve around an optimistic bureaucrat in small-town government.
The idea was partly inspired by the portrayal of local politics on the HBO drama series "The Wire", as well as the renewed interest in and optimism about politics stemming from the 2008 United States presidential election. The staff was also drawn to the idea of building a show around a female relationship, namely Leslie Knope and Ann Perkins. Reports that Daniels and Schur were developing a show together led to press speculation that it would, in fact, be a spin-off of "The Office". The producers insisted their new series would be entirely independent. Nevertheless, their concept for it shared several elements with "The Office", particularly the mockumentary approach and the encouragement of improvisation among the cast, even though the episodes were scripted. The series was scheduled as a mid-season replacement, and was rushed into production to meet the premiere date of April 9, 2009. Before the title "Parks and Recreation" was chosen, the name "Public Service" was considered, but ultimately rejected because network officials did not want to be accused of mocking the idea.
Writing.
The writers spent time researching local California politics and attending Los Angeles City Council meetings. Schur said they observed that many community hearings were attended only by those opposed, often angrily, to the proposals under consideration. This fact became a major component of town hall scenes, and was the basis for the "Canvassing" episode. The writers consulted with real-life government officials such as urban planners and elected officials. Scott Albright, a California city planner, provided direct feedback for the Mark Brendanawicz character, and the inspiration for Ron Swanson's anti-government convictions came from a real-life encounter Schur had in Burbank with a Libertarian government official who admitted, "I don't really believe in the mission of my job." The concept of turning a construction pit into a park was seen as a device to bring all the characters together working toward a common goal. The writers originally envisioned the pit becoming a park only in the series finale, although those plans were later changed and the pit was filled in during the second season. While researching whether such a project could realistically last several months or longer, Schur spoke to urban planners in Claremont, California who said it was entirely plausible because they had recently broken ground on a park that had been in various planning stages for 18 years.
Daniels and Schur wrote the script for the pilot episode in mid-2008. The original script portrayed Leslie and Mark as slightly less likable than they appeared in the final draft, and they were changed to be more appealing in response to feedback the episode received from focus groups and press tour screenings. For example, while an early draft of the pilot script had Mark saying he didn't care about Leslie or the pit but would support her plan because he liked Ann Perkins and wanted an excuse to spend more time with her, the finished pilot had Mark backing Leslie because he admired her passion and drive. Schur said the writing staff strove to avoid the type of cynical humor prevalent in most television comedies at the time, and wanted the characters to have genuine appreciation for each other. Schur said of this, "I've never liked mean-spirited comedy. The characters on our show make fun of each other, but not in a biting, angry way. And there's no shortage of conflict in the world of government." The first season episodes were written and developed relatively quickly after each other, and Schur said the staff was treating the entire six-episode season as if it was one television pilot. Daniels felt due to pre-expectations from viewers familiar with "The Office", the first season episodes were "just about trying to tell people what we "weren't"", and that the writers had a better understanding of the characters by season two and could better write to their strengths.
During the first season, the writing staff received audience feedback that Leslie Knope seemed unintelligent and "ditzy". Schur said the writers did not intend for Leslie to be stupid, but rather an overeager woman who "takes her job too seriously, so a particular effort was made to present that character as more intelligent and capable at her job starting in the second season. The staff also decided to move on from the construction pit story arc, having the pit filled in the second season episode "Kaboom". Although it was originally conceived that the pit would only become a park in the series finale, Schur said the plotline was accelerated because early episodes were too focused on the pit and had led viewers to believe the entire show was about filling it in, which was not the writers' intention. Also starting with the second season, the writers made an effort to be more topical and incorporate current events into their scripts. For example, the episode "Pawnee Zoo" included social commentary about same-sex marriage. "The Stakeout" included a parody of the controversial arrest of Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates, and a sex scandal involving a Pawnee councilman in "Practice Date" mirrored the real-life 2009 scandal of South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford.
Starting in the middle of the second season, the writing staff began to draw inspiration from the premise of "The Contender" (2000). Schur explained that "The Contender" was about a female politician trying to succeed amid intense scrutiny in a political arena dominated by men, which is similar to challenges Leslie Knope occasionally encounters. The financial difficulties Pawnee experiences during the late second season and third season episodes were reflective of the financial crisis facing the nation and much of the world when the episodes were produced. The introduction of Chris Traeger and Ben Wyatt as state auditors visiting Pawnee, and the subsequent government shutdown, were inspired by news reports at the time of a number of states considering a shut down of schools, parks and other services due to the global recession. The third season included a seven-episode story arc about the characters organizing a harvest festival, and staking the financial future of their department on its success. The festival served as a device to unite the characters, much like the construction pit had earlier in the show. Schur said this was done because the first six episodes were written and filmed early, and the writing staff felt that having one concise storyline to tie them together kept the writers focused and, in Schur's words, helped "organize our tired, end-of-the-year brains". For the romance arc between Leslie and Ben in seasons three and four, "The Remains of the Day" was used as an inspiration, as a story about two people who are forced not to convey their romantic feelings for each other due to a repressive social system, which Schur compared to modern-day government.
Filming.
Like "The Office", "Parks and Recreation" is filmed with a single-camera setup in a cinéma vérité style simulating the look of an actual documentary, with no studio audience or laugh track. Within the context of the show, the characters are being filmed by a documentary crew, the members of which are never seen or heard from on-screen. The actors occasionally look at and directly address the cameras, and in some scenes directly engage the cameras in one-on-one interviews with the documentary crew members. Although the episodes are scripted, improvisation is permitted and encouraged among the cast, and dialogue or performances that are made up by the actors during filming often make the final cut of the episodes. Schur said he believes the mockumentary style is particularly fitting for a show about city government because "it's a device for showing the ways people act and behave differently when they're in public and private the difference between what goes on behind closed doors and what people present to the public is a huge issue". The "Parks and Recreation" producers approach each episode as if they are filming a real documentary. They typically shoot enough for a 35- or 40-minute episode, then cut it down to 22 minutes, using the best material. Due to the improvisational acting and hand-held camerawork, a great deal of extra footage is shot that must be discarded for the final cut; for example, the original cut of the 22-minute pilot was 48 minutes long. The producers film about nine pages of the script each day, a large amount by U.S. television standards.
Despite the similarities in the mockumentary style with "The Office", Daniels and Schur sought to establish a slightly different tone in the camerawork of the pilot episode. The one-on-one interviews, for example, sometimes feature two separate camera angles on the same person; the footage is intercut to create the final version of the scene. This technique was inspired by "The Five Obstructions", a 2003 experimental documentary directed by Lars von Trier and Jørgen Leth, which Daniels watched at the suggestion of actor Paul Schneider. Another distinction from "The Office" is that, while almost all footage from that show is filmed in a workplace setting, the documentary crew on "Parks and Recreation" regularly follows the characters into more intimate, non-work settings, such as on dates or at their homes. "Parks and Recreation" also makes frequent use of the jump cut technique. For instance, one scene in the pilot episode repeatedly jump cuts between brief clips in which Leslie seeks permission from Ron to pursue the pit project. Early in the season, editor Dean Holland developed a technique that would be used throughout the series. During a scene in "The Reporter" in which Leslie reacts to quotes read to her by the journalist, Poehler improvised a number of jokes, many of which were ultimately going to be cut from the episode. Holland thought they were all funny, so he created a brief montage intercutting several of the lines.
Principal photography began on February 18, 2009, less than two months before the show premiered. The show faced early production delays because Poehler was pregnant when she signed on, and filming had to be postponed until she gave birth. The show was filmed in Southern California. The exterior of the Pawnee government building, and several of the hallway scenes, were shot at Pasadena City Hall. The parks and recreation department interiors, as well as the Town Hall courtyard, were filmed on a large studio set sound stage. The set's windows were outfitted with water systems to simulate falling rain, and the windowsills included fake pigeons. The set also includes four hallways that make up the hospital setting where Ann Perkins works as a nurse. The construction pit featured throughout the first and second seasons was dug by the episode's producers at an undeveloped property in Van Nuys, a district of Los Angeles. The producers went door-to-door in the neighborhood, seeking residents' permission for the dig. The pit was guarded 24 hours a day. Scenes set in playgrounds and elsewhere outdoors were filmed on location in Los Angeles. Most scenes set in locations outside the usual "Parks and Recreation" settings are also filmed in Los Angeles-area locations. For example, public forum scenes in the pilot episode were filmed in one of the city's middle schools, and a town meeting scene in the episode "Eagleton" was shot at the Toluca Lake Sports Center in the Toluca Lake district of Los Angeles. Other Eagleton scenes were also shot at the Huntington Library and Botanical Gardens, located in San Marino. Elaborate festival setting and corn maze sets featured in "Harvest Festival" was filmed at a real-life festival setting at Los Angeles Pierce College, a community college in Woodland Hills, California. Schur said an aerial shot of the harvest festival at the end of the episode was the most expensive shot in the entire series.
Toward the end of production on the second season, Poehler became pregnant again and the producers of the show were forced to go into production on season three early and film an additional six episodes to accommodate not only Poehler's pregnancy, but also a projected September 2010 air date. After the episodes were already filmed, NBC opted not to put the show on the fall schedule and instead delayed the premiere of the third season until the beginning of 2011. This allowed for the network to run its new comedy, "Outsourced", in two-hour comedy schedule block rather than "Parks and Recreation". The schedule change meant that all sixteen episodes from the third season were filmed before any of them were shown; the rest of the episodes, starting with the seventh, were filmed in the fall of 2010. NBC chief executive officer Jeff Gaspin said this move was not a reflection on "Parks and Recreation", and suggested the extended hiatus would not only have no negative effect on the show, but could actually build anticipation for its return. The move proved frustrating for the cast and crew of "Parks and Recreation", although Poehler also pointed out it gave them additional time to go back and re-edit episodes or shoot and add new material.
Music.
The producers hired BMI as music consultants in order to find them a theme song. With less than three weeks until the show aired, BMI sent out a mass email to a slew of composers, giving them just five days to submit an entry. According to the terms of the submission request, the only compensated composer would be the winner, who would receive $7,500 in exchange for release of all rights to NBC. The winning entry was written by Gaby Moreno and Vincent Jones. Michael Schur said this theme song was chosen because producers wanted something that would immediately make the viewer associate the music with the series and the characters. He said of Moreno's and Jones' song: "It does a really good job of explaining what the town is like. (The) credits do a really good job of establishing it's just sort of a normal, every-day town in the middle of the country." Due to its realistic mockumentary-style cinematography technique, "Parks and Recreation" does not use composed background music. Several songs were written for the show to be performed by Andy Dwyer's character and his band within the show, "Mouse Rat". Chris Pratt, who plays Andy, sings and plays guitar in the band himself, while the drums are played by Mark Rivers, the guitar is played by Andrew Burlinson, and the bass guitar is played by Alan Yang, a screenwriter with the show.
Pratt and the other band members played live during filming of the episode, rather than pre-recorded and dubbed later. One song featured in "Rock Show" called "The Pit" is Andy's experience falling into a construction pit and breaking his legs. A ballad about Ann Perkins featured in the episode "Boys' Club", called "Ann", was written by Pratt himself. The lyrics to a song featured in "The Master Plan" about April Ludgate, called "November", were written by Michael Schur. In the episode "Woman of the Year", Andy claims every song he writes includes either the lyrics, "Spread your wings and fly" or "You deserve to be a champion." As a result of that joke, every "Mouse Rat" song featured in the series since then has included one of those two lyrics. In the episode "Telethon", Andy plays the song "Sex Hair", about how one can tell whether someone had sex because their hair is matted. In "Li'l Sebastian", Andy performs a tribute song called "5,000 Candles in the Wind", where he tries to write a song 5,000 times better than Elton John's "Candle in the Wind".
Reception.
Broadcast.
"Parks and Recreation" was broadcast in the 8:30 pm timeslot Thursdays on NBC in the United States during its first two seasons, as part of the network's Comedy Night Done Right line-up. It was moved to a 9:30 pm timeslot during its third season, where it premiered as a mid-season replacement. In the fall of 2011, the show returned to its original 8:30 pm timeslot for the fourth season. In Canada, "Parks and Recreation" is simsubbed in most areas on City. In the Philippines, it airs on Jack TV every Friday at 9:30 pm, Wednesday at 2:30 am and 10:00 am. In Australia, the series will air on Channel Seven's digital channel, 7mate, on Mondays at 10:00 pm, after having aired Season 1 and five episodes of Season 2 on Seven at a late timeslot of 11:00 pm. In South Africa, the show airs on Pay-TV operator MNET. In India, it airs on Zee Cafe. In the Republic of Ireland, it airs on RTÉ Two. In the UK, the show began airing on BBC Four in 2013. The first two seasons have already aired, with season 3 set to air in 2014.
In March 2011, Universal Media Studios announced their intentions to sell the syndication rights of "Parks and Recreation". Comedy Central, Spike and FX were all described as possible contenders to buy the syndication rights.
Syndicated episodes are thus far planned to air on multiple cable networks including NBCUniversal owned Esquire Network (after relaunching from Style) and WGN America. The pilot episode also served as the first official broadcast of FX sister network, FXX when it launched on September 2, 2013, followed by an all-day marathon, marking the first time the NBC comedy appeared off network.
Reviews.
The first season of "Parks and Recreation" started to receive criticism before the premiere episode aired. According to a March 18, 2009, report that was leaked to writer Nikki Finke, focus groups responded poorly to a rough-cut version of the pilot. Many focus group members felt the show was a "carbon copy" of "The Office". Some found it predictable, slow paced and lacking in character development; others said the show lacked strong male characters, particularly a "datable" lead. Schur insisted the pilot had been completely re-edited at least four times since the focus groups described in the report were held. Nevertheless, the early feedback left many critics and industry observers skeptical about the show's chances of success. After it aired, the first season received generally mixed reviews, and currently holds a Metacritic score of 59 out of 100. Many critics said the series was too similar to "The Office", and several commentators said Leslie Knope too closely resembled Michael Scott, the dimwitted protagonist of "The Office". Some critics said the show's characters and overall tone were too mean-spirited in the early episodes, and although reviewers praised various cast members in individual episodes, some said the supporting characters in general needed to be more fully developed and provided with better material. However, the season finale "Rock Show" received far better reviews, with several commentators declaring that "Parks and Recreation" had finally found the right tone both generally and for the Leslie Knope character in particular.
Season two was better received, and currently holds a Metacritic score of 72 out 100, indicating "Generally Positive" reviews. Several publications declaring it among the best shows of 2009 including the "Los Angeles Times", the "Chicago Tribune", "Time", "Entertainment Weekly", "GQ", "New York" magazine, "The Star-Ledger", the "San Francisco Chronicle", the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", "Paste" magazine, IGN, and TV Squad. Several reviewers called the second season one of the most impressive comebacks in television history. Some reviewers said the supporting cast was now working with better material and that Amy Poehler's character had improved and become less over-the-top and more human than in the first season. Others praised the decision to drop subplots from season one that risked becoming stale, like Leslie's long-standing crush on Mark, as well as the decision to fill in the pit during the second season, which some commentators said freed the show up for more stories and better scripts. The critical acclaim continued into the third season, and currently holds a Metacritic score of 83 out of 100, indicating "Universal Acclaim". "Time" magazine writer James Poniewozik called it "a fabulous season – the best thing on TV in 2011 so far", and which TV Squad writer Maureen Ryan, who previously criticized the series, called one of the ten best shows of 2011. "Parks and Recreation" was featured on the February 11, 2011 cover of "Entertainment Weekly", where it was called "the smartest comedy on TV" and which included the article "The 101 Reasons We Love "Parks and Recreation"". In "Time" magazine's 2012 year-end top 10 lists, "Parks and Recreation" was named the top TV series.
Amy Poehler said the first season struggled in part due to extremely high expectations from comparisons to "The Office". After the first season ended, she said: "I think it was something we had to work through in the beginning, and I'm kind of hoping we're on the other side of that and people will start to judge the show on its own, for what it is and realize it's just a completely different world in a similar style." Likewise, Schur said he believed much of the early criticism stemmed from the fact that audiences were not yet familiar with the characters, and he thought viewers who revisited the episodes would enjoy them more with a better understanding of the characters. Poehler received wide praise for her performance from the beginning of the series; several reviewers, even those who did not enjoy the show, said her talent, timing and likability helped elevate the series above some of its flaws. Nick Offerman received particularly strong praise for his minimalist and understated performance as Ron Swanson, who many considered the show's breakout character. By the end of the second season, the character had taken on a cult status; Jonah Weiner of "Slate" magazine declared Swanson ""Parks and Recreation"'s secret weapon". Reviewers also consistently praised the performances by supporting actors Aziz Ansari as Tom Haverford, and Chris Pratt as Andy Dwyer.
Ratings.
"Parks and Recreation" has struggled in the Nielsen ratings throughout its entire run on NBC. The series premiere was seen in 6.77 million households, which media outlets described as a strong opening, comparable to the average Nielsen ratings for "30 Rock", another Thursday-night show on NBC. However, viewership declined almost every week over the rest of the season, culminating in a season low of 4.25 million households for the final episode. "Parks and Recreation" ended the first season with an overall average rating of 5.97 million household viewers, ranking 94th in a list of 193 network shows for the 2008–09 television season. "The Office" experienced similarly poor ratings during its first season and later became a success. However, the low viewership presented a greater challenge for "Parks and Recreation" because NBC now trailed CBS, ABC and Fox in the ratings, and the move of comedian Jay Leno from "The Tonight Show" to a variety show in NBC's 10:00 pm weeknight slot left less room on the network's primetime schedule. At the end of the season, members of the cast and crew were stressed because they did not know whether the show would be renewed.
Although "Parks and Recreation" achieved critical success during the second season, the show continued to suffer in the ratings. By December 2009, the average episode viewership was 5.3 million households, which was lower than the average ratings other Thursday-night NBC comedy shows like "Community"s 6.5 million households, "30 Rock"s 7.3 million and "The Office"s 10.1 million. For the overall second season, "Parks and Recreation" had an overall average viewership of 4.6 million households, making it the 108th ranked network series for the 2009–10 season. The poor ratings continued into the third season, which ended with an overall average rating of 5.1 million households, the 116th ranked network series of the 2010–11 television season. Michael Schur partially attributed the continually low viewership to a decline in ratings for NBC in general, as well as changing viewer trends due to a large number of available channels.
Despite the generally low ratings, "Parks and Recreation" was renewed for a sixth season on May 9, 2013. NBC has a financial incentive to continue the series, as it owns the distribution rights via its NBCUniversal Television Distribution company. The sixth season will put the series over the 100 episodes milestone, making it more viable for syndication.
Awards.
In 2010, Amy Poehler was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her work in the second season. Also that year, "Parks and Recreation" was nominated for the Television Critics Association Award for Outstanding Achievement in Comedy and Individual Achievement in Comedy for Nick Offerman for his work in the second season. The second season premiere episode, "Pawnee Zoo", won the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Individual Episode (in a Series without a Regular LGBT Character). Also in 2010, "Parks and Recreation" received two nominations from "Entertainment Weekly"'s EWwy Awards: Best Comedy Series and Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for Offerman.
In 2011, "Parks and Recreation" was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series and Amy Poehler received her second Emmy nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series. In June 2011, "Parks and Recreation" was nominated for three awards for the inaugural Critics' Choice Television Awards: Best Comedy Series, Best Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for Poehler, and Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for Nick Offerman. Also that month, "Parks and Recreation" was nominated for four TCA Awards: Program of the Year, Outstanding Achievement in Comedy, and Individual Achievement in Comedy for Offerman and Poehler. Offerman hosted the TCA Awards ceremony that year.
DVD and streaming video.
The first season of "Parks and Recreation" was released on DVD in region 1 on September 8, 2009. The DVD included all six episodes, as well as an "Extended Producer's Cut" of the season finale, "Rock Show". The disc also included cast and crew commentary tracks for each episode, as well as about 30 minutes of deleted scenes. The second season was released in a four-disc set in region 1 on November 30, 2010. They included extended episodes for "The Master Plan" and "Freddy Spaghetti", as well as two-and-a-half hours of deleted scenes, a third season preview and additional video clips. Audio commentaries were recorded for the episodes "Sister City", "Ron and Tammy", "Hunting Trip", "Woman of the Year", "The Master Plan" and "Freddy Spaghetti". "Parks and Recreation" can be viewed on the streaming video service Hulu, as well as the "Instant Watch" streaming feature of Netflix and Amazon Prime. Individual episodes can also be purchased on the Apple Inc. digital media iTunes Store and viewed on an NBC mobile browser on the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad.

</doc>
<doc id="20803390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803390" title="Srednje Brdo">
Srednje Brdo

Srednje Brdo is a settlement north of Hotavlje in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Loge and Toplice ().

</doc>
<doc id="20803465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803465" title="David John Gunn">
David John Gunn

David John (Davy/Davey) Gunn (1887-1955) was a farmer and bushman who ran cattle in the Hollyford Valley, Fiordland and in South Westland, New Zealand. Gunn cut a number of well used tracks and erected huts in the more remote parts of his run. Gunn came to public attention in 1936 with a speedy journey to bring assistance to the injured passengers of a cargo plane he had seen crash into the sea. He covered the 90 kilometre, four day journey in just 20 hours, a feat which earned him King George IV's Coronation Medal the following year.
In 1936, he began guiding tramping parties down his Hollyford Track, which he would continue to do for the rest of his life, dying on Christmas Day 1955 while fording the Hollyford River.

</doc>
<doc id="20803466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803466" title="Harry Osman">
Harry Osman

Harry James Osman (29 January 1911 – 17 December 1998) was an English footballer who played as an outside left for Southampton (the "Saints") for two seasons in the 1930s and went on to become manager of Winchester City where he "discovered" future England international Terry Paine.
Playing career.
Osman was born in the village of Bentworth near Alton, Hampshire but moved as a child to Okeford Fitzpaine in Dorset. As a teenager, he played football for Okeford United, before joining Poole Town, playing in the Western League, in 1930. 
In December 1935, he joined Plymouth Argyle of the Football League Second Division, where he remained until the summer of 1937. Despite making only five appearances for Plymouth, he had caught the eye of Tom Parker when he was manager of Norwich City. On joining Southampton in 1937, Parker signed Osman from Plymouth, as well as several youngsters from his previous club.
Osman moved back to Hampshire on a free transfer, making his debut for Southampton (in the Football League Second Division) on 28 August 1937, the first day of the 1937–38 season. Osman made an immediate impact, scoring in a 3–4 defeat by Parker's old club. His next goal came on 18 September (against West Ham United) before starting a run of form in October which saw him score eight goals in four games, including a hat-trick in a 3–6 defeat at Luton Town. On Christmas Day 1937, the Saints played a home league match against Swansea Town in which Osman scored to bring the result level at 1–1; this was the last goal scored at The Dell on a Christmas Day. Although Christmas Day fixtures continued on–and–off until 1959, all the Saints' subsequent Christmas Day matches were away from home.
Osman's form continued and he only missed two matches at the end of the season, when he was the Saints' top–scorer with 22 goals (a club record for an outside–left). His form had attracted the attention of bigger clubs, but a reported bid of £7,000 from Birmingham City failed to materialise. The following season, Osman continued to play well in an unsettled Southampton side that struggled to maintain any form. Unable to find the exciting form of the previous season, Osman managed only nine goals (from 30 appearances) before he was sold to Second Division rivals Millwall in March 1939 for a fee of £2,000, a move that came as a shock to the Southampton fans, although, in hindsight, this turned out to be a very good piece of business.
His career at Millwall was interrupted by the Second World War. He returned to The Dell as a guest player in War Leagues in 1939–40, before joining the Tank Corps where he was wounded while serving in Italy. After the war, he returned to Millwall making 23 appearances (with three goals) in 1946–47 before transferring to Bristol City in October 1947.
At the end of the 1947–48 season he dropped down to lower league football with spells at Dartford and Canterbury City (where he was appointed player-manager) before returning to Hampshire with Winchester City in 1952.
Managerial career.
He made a few appearances as a player for Winchester City before taking over as manager in 1953, while also running the Wykeham Arms pub in the city.
In 1955, Osman played a 15-year old Terry Paine in Winchester City's Hampshire League side. Paine's potential was obvious even at this age and Osman alerted his former Southampton team–mate, now Southampton's manager Ted Bates to Paine’s potential. Bates had Paine watched and in August 1956, beat Arsenal to his signature.
After retiring from football management in October 1957, Osman emigrated to Palm Beach, Florida where he died on 17 December 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20803502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803502" title="Josephine Spencer">
Josephine Spencer

Josephine Spencer (April 30, 1861 - October 28, 1928) published over 100 poems and over 75 short stories, primarily in regional and religious publications of Utah. Beginning in the 1890s, "Spencer was hired as the "Deseret News" society and literary editor, a job she held for decades." Spencer never married. She was active in civic organizations such as Daughters of the Utah Pioneers. She moved to California at the end of her life, probably working for the "Pasadena Star". The bulk of Spencer's work is typical of the Home Literature style of LDS literature, characterized by didacticism and stringent morality. At the end of her life, however, she published "Little Mother," a reworking of her 1910 story "To Keep" and "with one stunning rewrite, Spencer broke out of Home Literature's safety and wrestled with sensitive questions about mohtering, family relationships, gender roles, and ultimately, faith in God." She died five months after its publication.
The sole collection of her work to-date, "The Senator from Utah and Other Tales of the Wasatch", was published in 1895 in Salt Lake City by George Q. Cannon & Sons.

</doc>
<doc id="20803507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803507" title="State media">
State media

State media or state-owned media is media for mass communication which is ultimately controlled and/or funded by the state. These news outlets may be the sole media outlet or may exist in competition with privately controlled media.
Overview.
The term state media is often used in contrast to private or independent media, which has no direct control from any political party. Its content is usually more prescriptive, telling the audience what to think, particularly as it is under no pressure to attract high ratings or generate advertising revenue. In more controlled regions, the state may censor content which it deems illegal, immoral or unfavourable to the government and likewise regulate any programming related to the media; therefore, it is not independent of the governing party. In this type of environment, journalists may be required to be members or affiliated with the ruling party, such as in the former Soviet Union or North Korea. Within countries that have high levels of government interference in the media, it may use the state press for propaganda purposes:
Additionally, the state-controlled media may only report on legislation after it has already become law to stifle any debate. The media legimitises its presence by emphasising "national unity" against domestic or foreign "aggressors". In more open and competitive contexts, the state may control or fund its own outlet and is in competition with opposition-controlled and/or independent media. The state media usually have less government control in more open societies and can provide more balanced coverage than media outside of state control.
State media outlets usually enjoy increased funding and subsides compared to private media counterparts, but this can create inefficiency in the state media. However in the People's Republic of China, where state control of the media is high, levels of funding have been reduced for state outlets, which have forced the Party media to sidestep official restrictions on content or publish "soft" editions, such as weekend editions, to generate income.
Theories of state ownership.
Two contrasting theories of state control of the media exist; the public interest or Pigouvian theory states that government ownership is beneficial, whereas the public choice theory suggests that state control undermines economic and political freedoms.
Public interest theory.
The public interest theory, also referred to as the Pigouvian theory states that government ownership of media is desirable. Three reasons are offered as to why. The first reason is that the dissemination of information is a public good, and to withhold it would be costly, even if it is not paid for. Secondly, the cost of the provision and dissemination of information is high, however once costs are incurred, marginal costs for providing the information are low and are therefore subject to increasing returns. Finally, state media ownership can be less biased, more complete and accurate if consumers are ignorant and in addition to private media which would serve the governing classes. However, Pigouvian economists, who advocate regulation and nationalisation, are supportive of free and private media.
Public choice theory.
The public choice theory asserts that state-owned media would manipulate and distort information in favour of the ruling party and entrench its rule while preventing the public from making informed decisions, therefore undermining democratic institutions. This would prevent private and independent media, which provide alternate voices allowing individuals to choose politicians, goods, services etc. without fear from functioning. Additionally, this would inhibit competition among media firms which ensures consumers usually acquire unbiased, accurate information. Moreover, this competition is part of a checks-and-balances system of a democracy, known as the Fourth Estate, along with the judiciary, executive and legislative.
Determinants of state control.
Both theories have implications regarding the determinants and consequences of ownership of the media. The public interest theory suggests that more benign governments should higher levels of control of the media which would in turn increase press freedom as well as economic and political freedoms. Conversely, the public choice theory affirms that the opposite is true - "public spirited", benevolent governments should have less control which would increase these freedoms.
Generally, state ownership of the media is found in poor, autocratic non-democratic countries with highly interventionist governments that have some interest in controlling the flow of information. Countries with "weak" governments do not possess the political will to break up state media monopolies. Media control is also usually consistent with state ownership in the economy. 
The press in most of Europe (with the exception of Belarus) is mostly private and free of state control and ownership, along with North and South America. The press in the United States, Canada and Australia has always been the responsibility of the private commercial sector since its inception. Levels of state ownership are higher in some African countries, the Middle East and some Asian countries (with the exception of Japan, India, Indonesia, Mongolia, Nepal, the Philippines, South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand where large areas of private press exist.) Full state monopolies exist in Burma (under the military rule) and North Korea.
Consequences of state ownership.
Press freedom.
"Worse outcomes" are associated with higher levels of state ownership of the media, which would reject Pigouvian theory. The news media are more independent and fewer journalists are arrested, detained or harassed in countries with less state control. Harassment, imprisonment and higher levels of internet censorship occur in countries with high levels of state ownership such as Belarus, Burma, Ethiopia, China, Iran, Syria, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. However, this is not always true: journalists in countries that possess media free from state control such as Turkey, Nigeria and Kenya are still subject to harassment and threats. Some democracies do jail journalists, such as Russia and South Korea, whilst some "near democracies", such as Zambia, do not. In a similar vein, the public broadcaster in the United Kingdom, the BBC, although funded by the public license fee and government, holds that it is independent from state control. Countries with a total state monopoly in the media like North Korea and Laos experience a "Castro effect", where state control is powerful enough that no journalistic harassment is required in order to restrict press freedom.
Civil and political rights.
The public interest theory claims state ownership of the press enhances civil and political rights; whilst under the public choice theory, it curtails them by suppressing public oversight of the government and facilitating political corruption. High to absolute government control of the media is primarily associated with lower levels of political and civil rights, higher levels of corruption, quality of regulation, security of property and media bias. Independent media sees higher oversight by the media of the government (for example, increased reporting of corruption in Mexico, Ghana and Kenya after restrictions were lifted in the 1990s, whilst government-controlled media defended officials.)
Economic freedom.
More independent media may benefit the public economically compared to state media. The media would supply more accurate information to improve the markets, which are particularly sensitive to information, allowing insight into corporate abuse of power and pricing of securities, leading to better performance and regulation. Additionally, the public are better informed as to limiting whether the government is able to hurt them economically. In contrast, higher levels of ownership of state media would show the opposite - weaker property security and lower quality of regulation. It is also common for countries with strict control of newspapers to have fewer firms listed per capita on their markets and less developed banking systems. These findings support the public choice theory, which suggests higher levels of state ownership of the press would be detrimental to economic and financial development.

</doc>
<doc id="20803547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803547" title="Jean-Jacques Ekindi">
Jean-Jacques Ekindi

Jean-Jacques Ekindi (born January 1945) is a Cameroonian politician. He has been the National President of the Progressive Movement ("Mouvement Progressiste", MP), an opposition political party, since its foundation in 1991, and he was a Deputy in the National Assembly of Cameroon from 2007 to 2013.
As a student activist and a CPDM leader.
Ekindi was born in Douala. Early in his political career, he was a member of the Union of the Peoples of Cameroon (UPC). He was politically active while studying in France, and he was arrested for political reasons in 1970 when he returned to Cameroon for a visit. After nearly two years in prison, he was released and resumed his studies in France. When the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement (CPDM) was created as the governing party in 1985, replacing the Cameroon National Union (CNU), Ekindi joined the party, encouraged by President Paul Biya's promises of reform.
Ekindi was elected as the President of the Wouri Section of the CPDM in 1986. His election was considered part of an effort by President Biya to reconcile factions in the party by allowing politicians such as Ekindi, who had been considered disloyal in the past, to take prominent leadership roles as Section Presidents. In 1990, at the beginning of the period of multiparty political reform, he was considered to be among the leading progressive figures within the CPDM. In early 1991, Ekindi was re-elected as President of the Wouri Section, defeating Albert Dzongang. However, he left the CPDM in May 1991. Ekindi was considered the most important CPDM member to defect to the opposition at that time.
As an opposition leader in the early 1990s.
In opposition, Ekindi founded a new party, the MP; he has been the MP's National President since it was founded on 23 August 1991. He participated in a rally held by the National Coordination of Opposition Parties and Associations (NCOPA) in Douala on 23–24 September 1991, and on that occasion he was arrested and treated so badly that he required hospitalization. 30 to 60 people were arrested when they protested in Douala against Ekindi's arrest. Ekindi was in custody for less than 24 hours and was released without charge at the request of foreign consuls.
Ekindi was the MP candidate in the October 1992 presidential election. During the campaign, Cameroon Radio Television (CRTV) refused to air a segment produced by the Ekindi campaign on 2 October, judging that the segment included "'vociferous attacks' against the CPDM and 'insulting and defamatory words against Paul Biya'". The National Communication Board reviewed this decision and decided to allow the segment to be aired on 7 October. Further messages from the Ekindi campaign on 9 October and 10 October were not allowed to be aired, however; according to the government, this was because Ekindi was "not respecting legal provisions". According to the official results of the 1992 election, Ekindi received 0.79% of the vote (a total of 23,525 votes) and placed fifth. His best performance was in the Far North Province, where he won 9,903 votes.
When Biya garnered the nickname "Lion Man" ("l'homme lion") at the time of the 1992 presidential election, Ekindi in turn garnered the nickname "Lion Hunter" ("chasseur du lion") for his fierce opposition to Biya. Ekindi's stance on the issue of federalism varied at the time. He backed the idea on 4 February 1992 and urged Biya to not ignore the Anglophone problem, arguing that concerns about the possibility of Anglophone secession were baseless because the Anglophone parties were not seeking secession. However, he said in April 1992 that a unitary state was preferable because it would be less expensive than federalism.
Political activities since 2003.
In late 2003, Ekindi became the Chairman-in-Office of the Front of Alternative Forces, an opposition coalition. Ekindi was briefly detained in Douala along with other members of the Front in January 2004 as they were about to launch a petition related to the forthcoming presidential election; among other things, the petition called for the electoral register to be computerized and for electoral lists to be revised. He was again detained on 17 August 2004 at a march in Douala. In a September 2004 interview, Ekindi expressed his disapproval of the large number of political parties in Cameroon, arguing that it was not useful to have so many and that it made the political landscape crowded and chaotic. He said that many parties were created by individuals seeking only personal gain and that the government used agents to create new parties in order to disrupt the existing opposition. According to Ekindi, Cameroon would ideally have only three parties, one of them in power and the other two in opposition, and he proposed merger agreements to make that happen.
Again running as the MP's presidential candidate in the 11 October 2004 presidential election, Ekindi submitted a legal challenge to Biya's candidacy at the Supreme Court in September 2004, arguing that the constitution barred Biya from standing for re-election while also serving as the President of the CPDM. Ekindi then announced his withdrawal from the election on 10 October in favor of John Fru Ndi, the candidate of the main opposition party, the SDF. His name nevertheless remained on the ballot, and he placed 13th out of 16 candidates with 0.27% of the vote; he received his best score in the Far North Province, where he took 0.62% of the vote.
After the 2004 election, Ekindi filed two petitions at the Supreme Court seeking the annulment of the election. The first petition dealt with Ekindi's argument that Biya was not a valid candidate because was simultaneously President of the Republic and President of the CPDM, while the second focused on allegations of misconduct in the election itself. The Supreme Court rejected both of Ekindi's petitions, along with all ten of the other petitions filed by others seeking the election's annulment, on 22 October.
In an interview with "The Post" on 2 January 2007, Ekindi said that he planned to stand as a parliamentary and municipal candidate in Douala in the election held later that year. Also in that interview, he sharply criticized Biya's 2007 New Year address, arguing that it was inappropriate for Biya to criticize corruption and other problems when he, as President for the previous 24 years, was the person most responsible for the state of the nation. According to Ekindi, Biya's criticisms of the country's problems actually represented an admission of his own failure. Furthermore, in response to Biya's assertion that 2006 had been a good year, Ekindi said that this indicated that Biya was divorced from the stark reality experienced by the people.
In the 22 July 2007 parliamentary election, Ekindi was elected to the National Assembly as an MP candidate in the Wouri Centre constituency of Littoral Province, where the MP received 22.43% of the vote and one of the three available seats. Ekindi was the only member of his party to win a seat in the 2007 election. During the campaign, he complained that the MP received only six seconds of airtime on television per day, giving it a total of one minute and 24 seconds for the whole campaign. According to Ekindi, this represented discrimination against small parties and was illegal. He also headed the MP list for the concurrent municipal election in Douala 1 and won a seat as a municipal councillor there. At the time of the election, the alliance between the MP and the SDF collapsed because, according to Ekindi, the SDF decided to run candidates in Wouri Centre and ignored the alliance. The MP instead formed an alliance with the Cameroon Democratic Union (CDU). 
During the re-election of Bureau of the National Assembly on 14 March 2008, Ekindi objected when Emilia Lifaka, the Vice-President of the CPDM Parliamentary Group, presented a "consensus" list of candidates for the Bureau. Ekindi said that he had not been consulted about the list and that it was therefore not based on a consensus. Cavaye Yeguie Djibril, the President of the National Assembly, ignored Ekindi's objection.
After three broadcasting stations were temporarily shut down and broadcasting equipment was subsequently withheld from one of them, Ekindi alleged on 4 July 2008 that Minister of Communications Jean Pierre Biyiti bi Essam was "guilty of abuse of power". Ekindi participated in political consultations with Prime Minister Ephraïm Inoni regarding the appointment of the members of Elections Cameroon (ELECAM), the national electoral commission. After Biya appointed the members of ELECAM on 30 December 2008, Ekindi said on 3 January 2009 that the appointments went beyond mere manipulation, which he had come to expect, and reached the level of blatant deception. According to Ekindi, he had not expected Biya to go so far as to appoint leading CPDM members to ELECAM, as the members of ELECAM were supposed to be neutral, independent individuals. Furthermore, he said that the consultations held prior to the appointments were useless because the proposals made during those consultations were completely ignored.
The MP failed to win any seats in the September 2013 parliamentary election, and Ekindi therefore lost his seat in the National Assembly.
Personal life.
Ekindi's wife, Else Ekindi, died suddenly on 26 October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20803573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803573" title="Ron Saggers with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948">
Ron Saggers with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948

Ron Saggers was a member of Donald Bradman's famous Australian cricket team of 1948, which toured England and went undefeated in their 34 matches. This unprecedented feat by a Test side touring England earned them the sobriquet "The Invincibles".
The team's reserve wicket-keeper, Saggers played in only the Fourth of five Tests, due to an injury to first-choice gloveman Don Tallon. The match was Saggers's Test debut and he scored five in his only innings with the bat and took three catches. Despite being the second-choice gloveman, Saggers conceded byes at a lower rate than Tallon did during the English summer. During the Fourth Test, Saggers conceded only six byes as England amassed a match total of 861, the lowest percentage of byes conceded by Australia in a match during the tour. Despite this, Tallon remained the favoured gloveman, as Bradman deemed him to be faster and more athletic.
Bradman rotated the two glovemen during the tour, and Saggers played in 17 of the 31 first-class matches, taking 23 catches and 20 stumpings. Due to Australia's powerful batting line-up, Saggers had few opportunities with the bat, scoring 209 runs at an average of 23.22, including his only century at first-class level, 104 not out against Essex.
Background.
Saggers started the tour as the clear second-choice wicket-keeper, as Don Tallon had played in each of Australia's 11 Tests since the resumption of cricket after the Second World War, while Saggers was yet to make his Test debut. Saggers made his first-class debut shortly before the start of the war, and after the resumption, was regarded as the second in line for Test selection behind Tallon. However, as Australia did not make any substantial tours in the years immediately after the end of hostilities, there was no need to take a reserve gloveman on such trips. However, the trip to England meant more than six months aborad, so a back-up wicketkeeper was needed, and Saggers was selected for his first national squad.
Early tour.
Australia traditionally fielded its first-choice team in the tour opener, which was customarily against Worcestershire. Accordingly, Tallon was selected as the wicket-keeper for the match. Tallon scored six, made five dismissals and conceded 11 byes as Australia crushed the hosts by an innings and 17 runs.
Tallon was then rested and Saggers took his place for the next county match against Leicestershire. Saggers scored six, took a catch in each innings and conceded only six byes as Australia won by an innings. Saggers was then rested for the next two matches, against Yorkshire and Surrey. Australia scraped home by four wickets in the former and won by an innings in the latter. Tallon batted steadily with 10, 17 not out and 50 not out, but conceded 35 byes while taking two catches. Tallon was having difficulty with the bounce and movement of the ball in English conditions, and sustained a bruised right finger when he lost sight of a Ray Lindwall bouncer on a misty morning during the Surrey match. He was hit after placing his hand over his face for protection, and the ball ran away for four byes.
While Tallon nursed a bruised finger, Saggers played in three successive tour matches. Against Cambridge University, he made two stumpings and took one catch, and was not required to bat as Australia won by an innings. He then played in the match against Essex where Australia scored 721 runs on the first day to set a new world record for the most runs scored in a day of first-class cricket. Saggers made his highest first-class score, 104 not out—the only first-class century of his career—in a partnership of 166 runs in 65 minutes of batting with Sam Loxton. This made him the fourth century-maker for the innings after Bill Brown, Bradman and Loxton. Of Saggers's innings, former Test batsman Jack Fingleton said that "he reminded me at times of Alan Kippax in his artistry. He plays all the strokes." Saggers took one catch as Australia won by an innings and 451 runs, their largest winning margin of the season. 
He then faced Oxford University, scoring six runs and taking one catch in another innings victory. Saggers conceded six, eight and 14 byes respectively in the three matches. Up to this point, Saggers had conceded only 34 byes in his four tour matches, while Tallon had conceded 46 in three.N-
The next match was against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's. The MCC fielded seven players who went on to represent England in the Tests,N- and were basically a full-strength Test team, as were Australia, who fielded their first-choice team. It was a chance for players from both countries to gain a psychological advantage ahead of the Test matches, and Tallon was selected ahead of Saggers despite conceding byes at a higher rate in the opening tour matches. Saggers looked on as Tallon conceded 26 byes and Australia won by an innings.
There were four more county fixtures before the First Test, against Lancashire, Nottinghamshire, Hampshire and Sussex. Australia drew the first two before winning the latter pair by eight wickets and an innings and 325 runs respectively. Saggers played in all but the Nottinghamshire match. Against Lancashire, Saggers came in at 6/145 and held up his end, making an unbeaten 22 as Australia reached 204. He then completed a stumping and conceded 11 byes as the hosts replied with 182 before the rain-affected match ended in a draw. Saggers went without a dismissal and conceded 16 byes as Hampshire made 195 in their first innings. He came to the crease with Australia having scored 98 runs for the loss of seven wickets (7/98) and was last man out for 17, one of only four players to pass five, as Australia made 117 and conceded a first innings lead for the first time in the season. He then completed another stumping in the second innings and conceded four byes as Australia recovered to win by eight wickets. Saggers' final opportunity to stake a claim for Test selection was in the match against Sussex. He did not concede a bye and took a catch in the first innings. Saggers was not required to bat as Australia declared their innings closed at 5/549, and then made three more dismissals and conceded five byes as Australia won by an innings.
Test omission.
In Saggers' last three matches before the First Test, he conceded 36 byes and made six dismissals. In contrast, Tallon conceded 18 byes in his only match and scored 27. Despite averaging more byes per innings than Saggers during the warm-up matches,N- Tallon was retained in the Test team. He took four catches and conceded 17 byes as Australia won by eight wickets.
Between Tests, Australia played Northamptonshire and Yorkshire, and Tallon was rested for both matches. The first was won by an innings and the second was drawn. Saggers scored four against Northamptonshire and 22 against Yorkshire. After not making a dismissal against Northamptonshire, he took two catches and two stumpings in the latter match. He conceded 14 and 10 byes in the two matches respectively.
Tallon was retained for the Second Test at Lord's, where he scored 53, took three catches and conceded 16 byes as Australia won by 409 runs. A dive to stop a leg glance resulted in Tallon severely bruising the little finger on his left hand. Nursing his finger injury, Tallon was rested for both tour matches between the Tests, which were against Surrey and Gloucestershire. Australia won the matches by ten wickets and an innings respectively. In Tallon's place, Saggers scored 12, completed a catch and made four stumpings while conceding 18 byes against Surrey. In the match against Gloucestershire, Saggers was deprived of an opportunity to bat as Australia amassed 7/774, its highest score of the tour and its second highest ever in England. He took two catches, completed three stumpings and conceded 13 byes for the match.
Tallon was retained as the teams then played out a draw in the Third Test at Manchester. During the match, Tallon conceded 16 byes and dropped Denis Compton three times as the English batsman went from 50 to 145 not out. Tallon's little left finger swelled up after the Third Test and he exacerbated the injury during the next tour match against Middlesex, which Australia won by ten wickets.
Test debut.
As a result of Tallon's finger injury, Saggers made his Test debut in the Fourth Test, which started at Headingley on 22 July 1948. As England made 496 runs in their first innings, Saggers took catches to remove Denis Compton for 23, caught down the leg side, and Jim Laker for four. During the innings, Saggers was noted by Fingleton for maintaining a quiet presence behind the stumps, whereas Tallon was characteristically known for loudly appealing in concert with the bowler when he was playing. Fingleton felt that Saggers' failure to appeal dampened the morale of the bowlers, who were vocally supported by Tallon in the other four Tests. Australia conceded 496 runs but Saggers leaked only two byes.
Australia replied with 458, but Saggers was unable to make a substantial contribution, stumped by England's wicket-keeper Godfrey Evans off the bowling of Laker for only five runs. England's second innings reached 8/365, as Saggers took one catch to secure the wicket of Ken Cranston and conceded four byes. This left Australia needing a world record Test run chase of 404 for victory. However, an innings of 182 runs from Arthur Morris and 173 not out from Bradman meant that Saggers was not required to bat in the second innings; Australia defeated England by seven wickets, and set a world record for the highest successful Test run chase. Saggers's six byes out of England's match total of 861 runs was the lowest percentage of byes conceded by Australia in a match on the tour.N-
Saggers made six not out, completed two catches, a stumping and conceded 15 byes in the innings victory over Derbyshire, before being rested in the next match against Glamorgan. In his first match back from injury, Tallon took a catch and two stumpings, but conceded 19 byes in a rain-affected draw. Tallon's byes were 9.64% of the hosts' total, the highest percentage contribution made by byes to an innings on the tour.N- Saggers returned for the nine-wicket win over Warwickshire and struggled, making a duck. Although he took two catches and a stumping, he conceded 28 byes, 9.56% of Warwickshire's total runs, the second highest percentage contribution of byes to a match total against Australia.N- Saggers was then rested for Australia's second match and second draw against Lancashire as Tallon made three dismissals and conceded 23 byes. In the non-first-class match against Durham, Tallon played purely as a batsman, while Saggers kept wicket. Saggers came in at 8/226 and made 22 to help Australia reach 273. He then made two stumpings and conceded four byes as the hosts reached 5/73 when rain ended the match. With Tallon fit again for the Fifth Test, Saggers was omitted as Australia won by an innings and 149 runs to complete a 4–0 series victory.
Later tour matches.
Seven matches remained on Bradman's quest to complete an English tour without defeat. Tallon was rested for three consecutive matches against Kent, the Gentlemen of England, and Somerset, and Saggers kept wickets in all three fixtures; Australia won all three by an innings. Saggers made only eight as Australia scored 361 against Kent. He then conceded only two byes and took two catches and made two stumpings as the home side made 51 and 124. Saggers did not bat as Australia amassed 5/610 against the Gentlemen of England. He then took a catch and conceded 19 byes as Australia enforced the follow on and won. The match against Somerset was similar; Saggers did not bat in Australia's 5/560 declared, before making two stumpings and conceding eight byes. In total, he made seven dismissals and conceded 29 byes in the six innings of the three matches. Saggers was rested as Tallon returned for the following match against the South of England. Tallon took three catches and conceded 13 byes before the match was washed out when the hosts were dismissed for 298.
Australia's biggest challenge in the post-Test tour matches was against the Leveson-Gower's XI. During the last tour in 1938, this team was effectively a full-strength England outfit, but this time Bradman insisted that only six current Test players be allowed to represent the hosts. Bradman then fielded a first-choice team; the only difference from the Fifth Test team was Ian Johnson's inclusion at the expense of Doug Ring. Saggers was left out as the match ended in a draw after multiple rain delays.
The tour ended with two non-first-class matches against Scotland. In the first match, Tallon played as a batsman while Saggers kept wicket. Saggers scored only eight in Australia's 236 and then took two catches, three stumpings and conceded 13 byes in the innings victory. In the second match in Aberdeen, Saggers was rested as Australia completed another innings win.
Role.
The reserve wicket-keeper, Saggers played in 17 first-class matches and scored 209 runs at an average of 23.22, including a career high score of 104 not out against Essex, 23 catches and 20 stumpings, also career records for one season. This compared with the first-choice gloveman Tallon, who scored 283 runs at 25.72. In all his matches on tour, Tallon missed 249 byes as Australia conceded 5331 runs, a bye percentage of 4.67%. In contrast, Saggers conceded 221 byes from the 6190 runs scored against Australia when he was behind the stumps, a percentage of 3.57%.N- In his 1950 book "Farewell to cricket", Bradman said of Saggers, " had not quite the speed or agility of Tallon but could always be relied on for a solid performance. A most polished and unostentatious player."
During the tour, Saggers had few opportunities with the bat, generally batting between No. 8 and No. 10,N- because Australia's frontline bowlers included the likes of Ray Lindwall, Colin McCool, Ian Johnson and Doug Ring, who were all capable batsmen. Lindwall scored two Test centuries in his career, while McCool scored 18 first-class centuries, one in Tests. Johnson and Ring both scored more than 20 fifties at first-class level. As a result, many of the bowlers batted before he did. As Australia often won by an innings, and declared in the first innings on many occasions, Saggers only had 12 innings in his 17 first-class fixtures and was not out three times after his remaining partners had been dismissed.
Notes.
Statistical notes.
n-
This statement regarding byes in the early warm-up matches can be verified by summation of the scorecards, as listed here.
n-
This statement regarding the team composition can be verified by inspecting the records of the respective matches, as attached.
n-
This statement regarding byes in the warm-up matches can be verified by summation of the scorecards, as listed here.
n-
This statement can be verified by consulting all of the scorecards for the matches, as listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="20803592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803592" title="William Kendall (painter)">
William Kendall (painter)

William Sergeant Kendall (born 1869 in Spuyten Duyvil, New York, died 1938 in Hot Springs, Virginia), was an American painter, most famous for his evocative scenes of domestic life; his wife and three young daughters were frequent subjects in his early work.
Life.
His life seems inconsistent with his art as it was full of turmoil due to his romantic connection with his under-aged pupil, Christine Herter, whom he married following the dissolution of his first marriage in 1921.
Kendall began his training at the Brooklyn Art Guild and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts as a student of Thomas Eakins. He returned to New York City in 1886 to study at the Art Students League. He moved to Europe in 1888 for further study, including a period at the École des Beaux-Arts, and continued to paint, earning recognition at the Paris Salon in 1891. Like many American artists in France, Kendall spent his summers in Breton and frequently painted the local peasantry. In 1892 he returned to New York and established his studio. Kendall and his family eventually moved to Newport, Rhode Island, and then to New Haven, Connecticut, where he was a professor and head of the School of Fine Arts at Yale from 1913 to 1922. In 1901 he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member and became a full Academician in 19905. He left Yale in 1922 and relocated to rural Bath County, Virginia, where he continued to paint until his death. Kendall was the recipient of numerous prizes and awards for his work; he was a member of the National Institute of Arts and Letters, and of the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts from 1920 to 1921. His papers from 1900 to 1936 are housed at the Smithsonian Archives of American Art."
Although mainly a painter, Kendall also modeled and carved sculptures throughout his career. His work is in the colllection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
His home at Hot Springs, Garth Newel, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013. It is home to the Garth Newel Music Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20803602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803602" title="Shanghai French Concession">
Shanghai French Concession

The Shanghai French Concession (; ) was a foreign concession in Shanghai, China from 1849 until 1946, and it was progressively expanded in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The concession came to an end in practice in 1943 when the Vichy French government signed it over to the pro-Japanese puppet government in Nanking. The area covered by the former French Concession was, for much of the 20th century, the premier residential and retail districts of Shanghai, and was also the centre of Catholicism in Shanghai. Despite rampant re-development over the last few decades, the area retains a distinct character, and is a popular tourist destination.
History.
The French Concession was established on 6 April 1849, when the French Consul to Shanghai, Charles de Montigny, obtained a proclamation from the Governor ("Tao-tai"/"Daotai") of Shanghai, which conceded certain territory for a French settlement.
Its borders were expanded twice, in 1900 and 1914. During the 1920s, the French Concession was developed into the premier residential area of Shanghai. In 1943, during World War II, the government of Vichy France announced that it would give up its concessions in China. The French concessions of Tianjin, Hankou and Guangzhou were handed over to the Wang Jingwei Government on June 5, and the last, the Shanghai French Concession, was handed over to the Wang Jingwei Government on July 30. After the war, neither Vichy France nor Wang's Nationalist Government were universally recognised as legitimate, but the new post-war government of France acknowledged that it was a "fait accompli" in the Sino-French Accord of February 1946. This accord, signed by Chiang Kai-shek's ruling Kuomintang led to Chinese troops pulling out of the northern half of French Indochina in exchange for France relinquishing all its foreign concessions in China including Kouang-Tchéou-Wan.
In 1902, the French introduced London planes as a roadside tree on Avenue Joffre. Because this tree, now popular as a roadside tree throughout China, was first introduced in the French Concession in Shanghai, it is known in Chinese as the "French wutong".
The French Concession remained largely unchanged in the early decades of Communist rule in China. In the late 1980s and the early 1990s, however, largely unregulated re-development of the area has torn apart many neighbourhoods. For example, the London Planes that graced the former Avenue Joffre (now Huaihai Road) were removed in the 1990s, only to be later replaced after public outcry. The old French Club building and its gardens, which used to be a sports field in the early days, were gutted and became the base of the high-rise Okura Garden Hotel.
After the 2000s, the government enforced more stringent development and planning controls in this area.
Extent.
The French Concession covered the north-eastern part of today's Xuhui District and the western part of Huangpu District, occupying the centre, south, and west of urban Shanghai. A small strip extended eastward along the "rue du Consulat", now the East Jinling Road, to the "Quai de France", now East-2 Zhongshan Road, which runs along the Huangpu River to the south of the Bund.
To the south-east of the French Concession was the walled Chinese city. To the north was the British concession, later part of the Shanghai International Settlement. The British and French quarters were separated by several small ancient canals: in the east, this was "Yangjingbang", a creek flowing into the Huangpu River. These canals were later filled-in and became Avenue Edward VII in the east and Avenue Foch in the west, both now part of Yan'an Road.
Governance.
The chief French official in charge of the French Concession was the Consul-General of France in Shanghai. While the French initially participated in the Municipal Council of the Shanghai International Settlement, in 1862 a decision was made to exit the Municipal Council in order to preserve the French Concession's independence. From then on, a day-to-day governance was carried out by the Municipal Administrative Council ("conseil d’administration municipale").
Security in the Concession was maintained by the "garde municipale". Just as the British employed a large number of Indian police in the International Settlement, the French deployed a large number of personnel from its nearby colony of Annam. A militia, the "corps voluntaires", was first raised in the 1850s to protect the Concession during the Taiping Revolution.
Demography.
While the French Concession began as a settlement for the French, it soon attracted residents of various nationalities.
In the 1920s, with the expansion of the French Concession, British and American merchants who worked in the International Settlement often chose to build more spacious houses in the newer part of the French Concession. One legacy of this Anglophone presence is the American College on "Avenue Pétain" (now Hengshan Road), and the nearby Community Church.
Shanghai saw a large influx of Russian "émigrés" in the wake of the Russian Revolution. This raised the Russian population in the French Concession from 41 in 1915 to 7,000. This number further increased after the Japanese occupation of Manchuria to 8,260 by 1934. Two Russian Orthodox churches can still be seen in the former French Concession. The Russian community had a large presence on commercial streets such as "Avenue Joffre", and contributed to the development of the musical profession in Shanghai.
The Chinese population in the French Concession swelled during the Taiping Rebellion, reaching about 500,000 just before the start of the Second Sino-Japanese War. During World War II, Japanese forces initially occupied only the Chinese areas, leaving the foreign concessions alone. Residents of the Chinese areas moved into the French Concession in large numbers, reaching 825,342.

</doc>
<doc id="20803613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803613" title="NBTI">
NBTI

NBTI (with different capitalizations) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20803627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803627" title="JoAnna Lund">
JoAnna Lund

JoAnna Margaret Lund (September 4, 1944 – May 20, 2006) was the author of many books, including "Healthy Exchanges Cookbook", "HELP: Healthy Exchanges Lifetime Plan", and "Make a Joyful Table".
History.
Born in Lost Nation, Iowa to Jerome McAndrews and Agnes Carrington, she graduated from the University of Western Illinois. In 1990, her son James, daughter Becky, and her son-in-law Mat, were all called into active duty during Operation Desert Storm. Plus, her son Tommy was in the U.S. Army Reserves. She reacted to the stress of the situation by overeating and by her mid-40s weighed 300 pounds. She began to think about her own mortality—and how her weight problem had created a life-threatening situation. She realized that diets had never helped her, and that if she reclaimed her health she could reclaim her life. In order to do so, she devised a method of "exchanges" to enable herself to eat all the food she loved while exchanging the fats and sugars with healthier choices. As friends asked for more and more of her recipes, she created her first cookbook, "The Healthy Exchanges Cookbook".
Re-published by G.P. Putnam's Sons in 1993, it has since sold hundreds of thousands of copies. The cookbook proved to be only the beginning of Lund's career. The former self-proclaimed "diet queen" from DeWitt, Iowa authored several books and the founder of Healthy Exchanges, Inc., a company that publishes a monthly newsletter with a subscriber base of 15,000, motivational booklets and inspirational audio and video tapes. According to People Magazine, the company is a $1 million enterprise that employs 30 people.
After starting her business, Lund became a nationally known spokeswoman for healthier eating. She was elected to represent Iowa at President Clinton's White House Council on Small Business in 1995. During that same year, the Governor of Iowa appointed her to serve on the Iowa Rural Health & Primary Care Commission. She hosted a weekly radio show on WOC Radio in DeWitt and was featured in National publications such as "The New York Times", "People" and "Forbes". She has been interviewed on hundreds of regional television and radio shows, and is one of the top-selling cookbook authors on the television shopping channel, QVC. During one hour-long appearance on QVC, she sold almost 200,000 books. In January 1997, she launched her own cooking show on PBS-TV, "JoAnna Lund's HELP Yourself".
Lund was a member of the International Association of Culinary Professionals; Society for Nutrition Education; National Federation of Press Women; Association of Food Journalists; Mid-America Publishers Association; National Association of Independent Publishers; Publishers Marketing Association; and the International Association of Independent Publishers. She was a recipient of a Certificate of Nomination as Inc. Magazine's Entrepreneur of the Year from Iowa for 1993-95. She worked as a commercial insurance underwriter for 18 years before starting Healthy Exchanges.
Lund appeared on CNN and the Home Shopping Club and wrote numerous cookbooks. 
Lund sold the most books on QVC Shopping network, up to the time of her death in May 2006. When she died QVC even had a memorial flash screen remembering her the following weekend all day on the hour during the network broadcast.
Death.
JoAnna Lund died of breast cancer, IBC to be more specific, on May 20, 2006, aged 61. She had asked that Healthy Exchanges continue after her death through books and the newsletter.

</doc>
<doc id="20803638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803638" title="Bontino">
Bontino

Bontino is a fully electric compact car developed by Brixxon Elektromos Auto of Hungary and assembled in Austria.
The company plans to start production in February 2009 and as of December 2008 has received around 20,000 advance orders, mainly from Germany and Austria.
Weiz, a small town 65 kilometers from the Hungarian border, has agreed to pay up to 40 per cent of the rental costs and pay further incentives if the company uses Austrian labor. Negotiations to build the Bontino car in Szentgotthárd, Hungary, had failed. Almost all components of the car are produced by Hungarian firms including Carbon Composite Kft of Pécsely and Hirschler Glas Kft of Sopron.
The company plans to sell the Bontinos primarily in Austria, Germany and Spain for between €5,900 and €7,300. Brixxon also plans to build photovoltaic, solar-powered battery stations.

</doc>
<doc id="20803668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803668" title="Laotian Chinese American">
Laotian Chinese American

Laotian Chinese American or Chinese Laotian Americans are Americans of Chinese and Laotian descent – mostly Laotian Americans of Chinese ancestry. Many only speak Laotian, not Chinese languages. Still, many of them practice Chinese traditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20803680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803680" title="William Kendall (cricketer)">
William Kendall (cricketer)

William Salwey Kendall (born 18 December 1973 in Wimbledon) is a former English cricketer who played over 200 games (in first-class and List A matches combined) for Hampshire around the turn of the 21st century, having earlier appeared on a number of occasions for Oxford University.
Kendall's highest first-class score of 201 was achieved against Sussex in 1999 under somewhat unusual circumstances. Replying to Sussex's first innings of 375, Hampshire were bowled out for just 76 (Kendall 2) and asked to follow on. However, second time around Hampshire piled on the runs, eventually declaring at 570/6; Kendall's 201 had taken slightly more than eight hours. (The match itself finished drawn.)
Kendall was capped by Hampshire in 1999, and named Hampshire Cricket Society's Player of the Year in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20803681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803681" title="Stara Oselica">
Stara Oselica

Stara Oselica () is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to the Conversion of Saint Paul. It is a baroque building from the late 17th or early 18th century. Its belfry is older and was made taller at the time the current church was built. The main altar dates to the first half of the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20803689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803689" title="Colin McEnroe">
Colin McEnroe

Colin McEnroe is an American columnist and radio personality. He currently hosts The Colin McEnroe Show on Connecticut Public Radio, writes for The Hartford Courant, and hosts a blog, ToWit, on the Courant's website.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Colin McEnroe was born October 15, 1954 in Hartford, Connecticut. He graduated from Kingswood-Oxford School in West Hartford, Connecticut and then from Yale University. His father, Robert E. McEnroe was a playwright who had two shows produced on Broadway.
Career.
McEnroe started writing newspaper columns in the 1980s and was syndicated for a while. It was also in the 1980s that he started writing for magazines. 
In 1999, McEnroe wrote an often-cited essay for McSweeney's in which he claimed to be book critic Michiko Kakutani. The essay, "I Am Michiko Kakutani" is now included in an anthology of McSweeney's literary essays.
McEnroe has been a contributing editor at "Best Life" and "Men's Health" magazines and has been a heavy contributor to "Mirabella", "Mademoiselle" and "Verge". His writing has also appeared in "Forbes FYI", "Cosmopolitan", "McSweeney's", "Family Fun" and "Metropolitan Home". McEnroe is a weekly columnist for "The Hartford Courant"; he has been a reporter and columnist for "The Courant" for over 30 years. In addition, his columns have appeared in hundreds of newspapers across America and abroad; he occasionally contributes to the "New York Times" op-ed page. 
In 1994, McEnroe wrote a serialized novel in the pages of the "Hartford Courant".
In May 2003, his play "A Woman of a Certain Age," was produced at the Ivoryton Playhouse in CT. The musical was done in collaboration with former Courant colleagues, Steve Metcalf and Lary Bloom. 
In 2004, McEnroe's third book, "My Father's Footprints," published by Warner Books, won the Connecticut Book Award for best biography or memoir.
In 2006, McEnroe was heavily involved in coverage of the Senate race between Joe Lieberman and Ned Lamont, especially after an exchange between Lieberman and McEnroe on the air. McEnroe also covered the race for "Salon".
In Fall 2008 he resumed his teaching duties at Trinity College, Hartford, CT with a graduate course that tracks media coverage of the 2008 election. His blog, Wit, appears on the Courant’s website and offers a daily glimpse of his interests and opinions. 
McEnroe hosted a weekday afternoon drive talk show on WTIC, but was laid off by the station in a cost-cutting move in December 2008.
After McEnroe's show was cancelled, Vicevich's show was expanded an additional hour, only itself to be cancelled (and then reinstated)in Spring 2010. McEnroe started a weekly afternoon show on WNPR in 2009.
In 2009, McEnroe moderated the Connecticut Forum for a record-setting sixth time, this panel featuring Anthony Bourdain, Alice Waters and Duff Goldman. Since that time, he has moderated twice more. In 2013, under the auspices of the Mark Twain House, he interviewed Stephen King before an audience of more than 2500.
In the 2008-2009 season, McEnroe and Edward Cumming reformatted the Hartford Symphony Orchestra's Connections series. He has performed his own spoken word pieces twice with the orchestra under Carolyn Kuan.
McEnroe is noted for the broad range of topics he addresses and covers, both in his columns and on the air, and for a wry, sharp and quick wit and the air of levity and contemplation which he creates in his work, all of which have contributed to the loyal following he has developed. Politically, while generally associating himself with liberal and progressive viewpoints, he scrutinizes all policies, propositions and viewpoints - including his own - with a measured, continual skepticism.
In February 2011, McEnroe and his radio staff were featured on the cover of Hartford Magazine. In 2012, McEnroe's show was voted Best Radio Show by the Advocate Newspapers. 
In 2011, he became a contributor to Bicycling magazine where he writes regular columns about taking up the sport. 
Marriage and children.
McEnroe is divorced. He lives with his teen-age son whom he refers to on-air as "Mortimer."

</doc>
<doc id="20803708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803708" title="2009 PBA All-Star Weekend">
2009 PBA All-Star Weekend

The 2009 PBA All-Star Week is the annual all-star weekend of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA)'s 2008-09 PBA season. This year's all-star game will be totally different from the past All-Star games, as this year's event will have 3 all-star games in different cities, particularly: Victorias, Negros Occidental (April 22), Panabo, Davao del Norte (April 24), and Quezon City (April 26).
Wednesday events.
Mick Pennisi won the game's MVP honors.
Friday events.
Jared Dillinger won the game's MVP honors.
Sunday Skills Competition.
Held prior to the All-Star Game at the Araneta Coliseum on April 26.
Obstacle Challenge.
Time in seconds.
All-star game.
David Noel was named as the All-Star MVP.

</doc>
<doc id="20803710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803710" title="Studor, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Studor, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Studor is a small settlement in the hills northwest of Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20803724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803724" title="Kristian Stiles">
Kristian Stiles

Kristian B. Stiles (born 1976) is a political fundraising consultant most notable for her role as the former National Finance Director and consultant to former New York governor Ellot Spitzer, who resigned after involvement in a sex scandal on March 17, 2008.
In an investigative article on March 16, 2008, the "New York Times" reported that Charles E. Clayman, a criminal defense lawyer and a former federal prosecutor, had been retained by Stiles’s consulting firm, Stiles Partner, LLC, to represent her and her deputy, Alix James, in connection with the inquiry.
The New York Post reported on December 5, 2006, that Kristian Stiles was one of 49 Spitzer staffers receiving a total of $1.35 million in bonus money after his successful campaign for governor or New York. Stiles received $40,000.
Prior to working for governor Spitzer, Stiles worked for former Representative Richard A. Gephardt, of Missouri, as the New York Director for his 2004 Presidential bid.
Kristian currently serves as the National Advisor to Governor David Paterson.
Timeline of the Spitzer resignation scandal.
Eliot Spitzer was the very popular governor of the state of New York until he resigned March 12, 2008, in the midst of the Client 9 prostitution scandal.
The "New York Times" first reported on March 10, 2008 that Spitzer was "caught on a federal wiretap arranging to meet with a high-priced prostitute at a Washington hotel last month, according to a person briefed on the federal investigation. An affidavit in the federal investigation into a prostitution ring said that a wiretap recording captured a man identified as Client 9 on a telephone call confirming plans to have a woman travel from New York to Washington, where he had reserved a hotel room. The person briefed on the case identified Mr. Spitzer as Client 9."
Later on March 10, 2008, Spitzer gave a brief statement to the press: "Today I want to briefly address a private matter. I have acted in a way that violates my obligations to my family, and violates my—or any—sense of right and wrong. I apologize first and most importantly to my family. I apologize to the public, whom I promised better. I do not believe that politics in the long run is about individuals. It is about ideas, the public good and doing what’s best for the state of New York. I have disappointed and failed to live up to the standard I expected of myself. I must now dedicate some time to regain the trust of my family. I will report back to you in short order."
The "Toronto Star" reported, The Emperors Club VIP "rocked the political career of New York Governor Eliot Spitzer (aka Client 9) and tarnished his 'Mr. Clean' image, is a call-girl business that arranged sex between wealthy men and more than 50 prostitutes in New York, Washington, Los Angeles, Miami, London and Paris, according to U.S. federal prosecutors. The Brooklyn-based club's website, which went offline after its operators were busted, displays photographs of scantily clad women with their faces hidden. It also shows hourly rates depending on whether the prostitutes were rated from one diamond to seven diamonds. ... The website ranked the prostitutes on a scale of one to seven "diamonds." A three-diamond woman, for example, could command a fee of $1,000 per hour. A seven-diamond woman cost more than $3,000 an hour. ... The club motto was: 'Every client is an Emperor.'"Investigators Seek Records of Spitzer Campaign’s Payments to a Consultant", "New York Times", March 16, 2008.,</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20803735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803735" title="2008 RCSL season">
2008 RCSL season

The 2008 Rugby Canada Super League season is the eleventh season for the RCSL.
Standings.
Note: 4 points for a win, 2 points for a draw, 1 bonus point for a loss by 7 points or less, 1 bonus point for scoring 4 tries or more.
Championship Final.
The championship game took place on August 9, 2008 between the Calgary Mavericks and the Newfoundland Rock in St. John's, at Swilers Rugby Park. The game was won by the Newfoundland Rock by a score of 30-6.

</doc>
<doc id="20803742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803742" title="The Japan Covers">
The Japan Covers

Premium Collection: The Japan Covers, known as in Japan, is a cover album by Andrew W.K.. The album, consisting of covers of various J-pop songs, was released in Japan by Universal Music Group on November 26, 2008.
The songs were originally marketed as 30-second ringtones and repackaged in their complete versions as this 14-song album. Andrew W.K. is quoted as saying that this album is a "gift to the Japanese people, for all the incredible warmth and kindness they've given me over the years."

</doc>
<doc id="20803749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803749" title="Kevin Carlberg">
Kevin Carlberg

Kevin Carlberg (April 28, 1977 – August 29, 2009) was an American vocalist and acoustic guitarist. Carlberg is best known as the vocalist and acoustic guitarist of Pseudopod. He recently completed a solo CD with producer Dito Godwin.
Carlberg was diagnosed with brain cancer. He enrolled in an experimental immuno-therapy treatment at UCLA called the dendritic cell vaccine and after 5 years of remission, the tumor has not returned.
On September 5, 2008 Carlberg was featured on the one hour "Stand Up 2 Cancer" tele-cast and has been the subject of other notable news casts and articles.
On August 29, 2009, Carlberg died from brain cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20803769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803769" title="Huaqiang Road Station">
Huaqiang Road Station

Huaqiang Rd. Station (), formerly "Huaqianglu Station", is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of Shennan Zhonglu () at the junction of Huafu Road () and Huaqiang Road () in Futian District, Shenzhen, China. It is the third busiest station in the network in terms of system entries and exits at 49,500 passengers a day. It gives access to electronics and fashion shopping malls in Hua Qiang Bei () Business Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20803819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803819" title="Lane County Sheriff's Office (Oregon)">
Lane County Sheriff's Office (Oregon)

The Lane County Sheriff's Office is the law enforcement agency led by the elected Sheriff of Lane County, Oregon, U.S..
Fallen officers.
Since the establishment of the department, eight officers have died while in the line of duty. Six died between 1903 and 1975 from gunfire, one died from vehicular assault in 1958, and one died of a heart attack in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20803827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803827" title="Suša, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Suša, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Suša is a small settlement northeast of Hotavlje in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies below the southeast slope of Mount Blegoš, at the confluence of Karlovščica and Zarobarščica creeks, where they join to form Logarščica Creek.
Name.
Like similar toponyms (e.g., "Suha"), the name of the settlement is derived from the adjective "suh" 'dry', referring either to an intermittent stream and the settlement beside it, or to a notably dry area.
History.
During the Second World War, Suša was exposed to the last German offensive, from 19 March to 5 April 1945. On 25 March 1945 the Miklavčič farm (known as the Mlinar Farm, ) at Suša no. 2 was plundered and burned by German and Slovene Home Guard forces because Janez Miklavčič had supplied the Partisans with flour. The family and their six children were shot; they are commemorated by a memorial in Hotavlje.

</doc>
<doc id="20803829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803829" title="William Hutchison (Scottish politician)">
William Hutchison (Scottish politician)

William Hutchison ("c."1870 – 1 May 1924) was a Glasgow solicitor who served as a Unionist Member of Parliament for Glasgow Kelvingrove from 1922 until his death.
He had previously contested the Glasgow Bridgeton constituency as a Conservative.

</doc>
<doc id="20803832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803832" title="Herbert B. Schmidt">
Herbert B. Schmidt

Herbert B. Schmidt (born April 23, 1931 in East Prussia) is a German economist and public policy advisor best known for his work in privatization in the former East Germany and Eastern Europe. 
Schmidt is considered the author of the "German Method" of privatization, in which shares of a state-owned company are tendered to the private sector buyer offering the best bid considering a number of factors including price, numbers of jobs guaranteed, environmental remediation, and other concerns. Schmidt was the chief privatization advisor to Estonian Prime Minister Maart Laar, and is a former economics minister of the German Lander of Saxony. From 1998 to 2001 he was Commissioner of the Securities Commission of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In 1998 he was awarded the Order of the White Star of Estonia for his work with the German Treuhandanstalt in Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20803837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803837" title="William Hutchison">
William Hutchison

William Hutchison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20803840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803840" title="Tannkosh">
Tannkosh

Tannkosh is a large airshow and fly-in held annually in July at Tannheim, upper Swabia in Germany.
The event is the closest European equivalent to EAA AirVenture Oshkosh and, although smaller than the Oshkosh airshow, Tannkosh attracts hundreds of private aircraft from all over Europe.
Tannkosh derives its name from that of the more widely known airshow upon which it is modeled, Oshkosh, and Tannheim Flugplatz, the aerodrome near Tannheim, Germany, where the event is held.
The 2013 Tannkosh airshow took place from August 23 to 25, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20803924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803924" title="Cicciput">
Cicciput

Cicciput is a 2003 studio album by Italian rock band Elio e le Storie Tese.

</doc>
<doc id="20803958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803958" title="Laojie Station">
Laojie Station

Lao Jie Station (), is a station of Shenzhen Metro. It provides Cross-platform interchange with the Luobao & Longgang Lines. It is the busiest station in the network in terms of system entries and exits at 61,600 passengers a day. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of the junction of Shennan Fudao (), Jiefang Road () and Jianshe Road() in Luohu District, Shenzhen, China. It approaches Dongmen Business Area (), one of the oldest areas in Shenzhen established in Ming Dynasty. This leads it to be alternatively known as "Lao Jie" or "Old Street".

</doc>
<doc id="20803968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803968" title="Todraž">
Todraž

Todraž is a small settlement southeast of Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name Todraž was first attested in written sources as "Witodras" in 1291 and 1381 (and "Wittodrasy" in 1501). These transcriptions indicate that it is derived from "*Vitodraž", in turn based on the Slavic personal name "Vitodrag".
Uranium mine.
The headquarters of the Žirovski Vrh Uranium Mine are in the settlement. The mine was permanently closed in the 1990s. The site is being sanctioned and the company, now funded by the Slovene government, is in charge of the safe closure of the mine and of restoring the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="20804005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804005" title="Hans Stohwasser">
Hans Stohwasser

Hans August Stohwasser (4 May 1884 – 30 May 1967) was a "Vizeadmiral" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20804018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804018" title="Tomoyo Nonaka">
Tomoyo Nonaka

Television career.
Beginning in 1979, Ms. Nonaka was a newcaster and anchorwoman for NHK, the national TV station in Japan. Her main programs at NHK included "Weekly Abroad、Sports and News、Sunday Sports Special" and others. From 1993 to 1997, She was the anchorwoman for the popular business program "World Business Satellite" at TV Tokyo. In addition to activities as a journalist, she has been member for many Japanese government committees for Cabinet Office, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Education and Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
Furthermore, she has been adviser and a member of the board of directors for many large Japanese corporations such as Asahi Breweries, Sumitomo Corporation, NTT Docomo, Nikko Citigroup, and Unisys, Japan.
Sanyo Electric.
In 2002, She became an outside director of the board for Sanyo Electric. In 2005, She became chairperson and CEO for Sanyo Electric. Upon her taking chairperson position, she created the new corporation vision 'Think Gaia' and started to restructure many business divisions under the new vision for Sanyo to become a leading company to solve environmental problems with its technology. She created a three-year Evolution Plan aimed at reorganizing the business portfolio and improving the corporate financial structure and conditions.
In a short time, Sanyo introduced more than ten new Think Gaia (TG) products, and the following four “world-first” products:
1) Eneloop batteries: rechargeable batteries that can be recharged up to a thousand times.
2) Aqua: a washing machine and dryer that reduces water usage in a wash-cycle from 200 liters to
8 liters by purifying the used water and making air-washing possible through ozone technology.
3) Enegreen: an innovative way to reduce electricity consumption in air-conditioners, refrigerators, and food show-cases in stores and supermarkets. Enegreen absorbs as much CO2 as a forest with an area 130-times larger than the store.
4) Virus-Washer: an air-cleaner that eliminates up to 99 percent of airborne viruses, including avian influenza (bird flu) virus, using a technology that electrolyzes simple tap water.
Sanyo underwent drastic restructuring in the first two years and under the three-year Evolution Plan raised the bottom line from red to black, with an operating income of about 750 million dollars and a net profit of around 280 million for the fiscal year ending March 2008.
However, under her two year's chairpersonship, Ms. Nonaka constantly fought about how to run the company with board members sent by the main investors insisted that the corporate vision ”Think Gaia” was too “naive” and “feminine” to produce the desired profit.
It was apparent that the main investors' interest was to make a capital gains by selling their shares not to run manufacturing business.
The conflict with the main investors owing the majority of the board led to her resignation as Chairperson of Sanyo in March 2007.
'Think Gaia' vision was also created to shift Sanyo business portfolio in order to make Sanyo profitable by not only to focus on Sanyo's business strength (the most profitable business in the field of solar business and rechargeable batteries, eneloop and hi-brid automobile batteries, as well as the world best technological strength) but also to restructure business unmatched to the 'Think Gaia' vision and money losing business (primarily home electronics business).
Ms. Nonaka's vision and intention were never understood by many critics and more so by the main investors at that time.
In November 2008, Panasonic announced to buy Sanyo in order to acquire Sanyo's green business, solar and rechargeable batteries.
Current Social Activities.
"The Gaia Initiative", a not-for-profit organization was established in 2007 to call not only one corporation, Sanyo, but also wider stakeholders (corporations, citizen, government and NGO/NPO) for solving environmental problems in the world, GAIA.
In May 2008, NPO Gaia initiative of Nonaka agreed to collaborate with The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) in India with Dr.Rajendra Pachauri, chairman of IPCC and the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize winner.
She also work closely with Dr.Ervin Laszlo, the head of The Club of Budapest, and contributed her writing to his recent book 'Worldshif Notebook'.
Dr. Ervin Laszlo is a systems philosopher, integral theorist, and classical pianist. Twice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, he has authored more than 70 books.
She initiated Worldshift Network Japan and is leading the 'Worldshift' movement in Japan.
She graduated from Sophia University with a major in Journalism, and went on to study photo journalism at the University of Missouri, Columbia in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="20804029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804029" title="Theatre of Denmark">
Theatre of Denmark

The theatre of Denmark continues to thrive thanks to the many theatres in Copenhagen and across the country which put on a wide variety of Danish and foreign performances. The flagship Royal Danish Theatre presents drama, opera, ballet and music. Since the 18th century, Danish playwrights have been successful in attracting wide public interest.
History.
It was in the 18th century with the plays of Ludvig Holberg (1684–1754) that Danish theatre began to prosper. Holberg, sometimes known as the Danish Molière in view of his successful satirical comedies (1722), is considered to be the founder of the Danish theatre. Plays such as "Jean de France" and "Jeppe of the Hill" are still performed today.
Adam Oehlenschläger (1779–1850) introduced romanticism to the Danish theatre. Especially successful was his Earl Hakon the Mighty, premiered in 1808.
The Norwegian Henrik Ibsen (1828– 1906) also travelled to Copenhagen where he produced plays such as A Doll's House (1879). It deals with the hypocrisy of the bourgeoisie and a woman’s struggle to emancipate herself. For Ibsen and his contemporaries, drama was not a question of entertainment but an exercise in critical commentary on the lifestyle of the times. During this period, the Royal Theatre dominated the scene, but around 1850 other, to some extent more popular, theatres were established, starting with the Casino (1848) where Hans Christian Andersen produced his Ole Lukøie (1850). The Casino became popular for satirical revues in the 1870s.
In the 20th century, theatres were established in the large cities Århus, Odense and Aalborg as well as several in Copenhagen.
Kjeld Abell (1901–1961), the first Danish modernist playwright, wrote the successful The Melody That Got Lost in 1935 with productions in both Copenhagen and London. Kaj Munk (1898–1944), a Lutheran pastor, brought religion into his plays. "Ordet" (The Word) is often said to have been his best work. Carl Erik Soya (1896–1983) is remembered especially for his anti-Nazi plays such as "En Gæst" (A Guest) a satire aimed against the German occupation of Denmark and in 1943, "Min Farmors Hus" (made into the 1984 film Grandmother's House).
Leif Panduro (1923–1977) wrote a number of plays, some filmed or televised, criticising the middle class, the welfare state and the conflict between normal and abnormal, often questioning the views generally shared by the audience. His "I Adams verden" (1973) and "Louises hus" (1974) are among the best Scandinavian television dramas of the 1970s.
In recent years, there has been something of a revival in Danish theatre. Many new playwrights and producers have appeared. These include:
Danish musicals.
Encouraged by the success of the Danish version of Les Misérables, a number of Danish musicals have been written and performed in Copenhagen and elsewhere. Knud Christensen, commonly known as Sebastian, was particularly successful with Cyrano (1992), based on Rostand’s play and Klokkeren fra Notre Dame (The Hunchback of Notre Dame) (2001). Bent Fabricius-Bjerre's musical Matador with lyrics by Clemens Telling based on an earlier, highly successful television series was premiered at the new Copenhagen Opera in June 2007 to full houses.

</doc>
<doc id="20804040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804040" title="Fletcher (surname)">
Fletcher (surname)

Fletcher is a given name of English, Scottish, and Irish origin. The name is an occupational name for an arrowsmith or seller of arrows, derived from the Middle English, Old French "flech(i)er" (in turn from Old French "fleche" "arrow").The name may also have its origin in the Gaelic name "Mac-an-Leister", meaning "son of the arrow-maker." Early bearers of the name include Robert "le Flecher" in 1203 (in the "Assize Court Rolls of Staffordshire", during the reign of King John), William "Flecher’" also in 1203, and Peter "le flechier" in 1227. The name is often confused with "Flesher", as some Fleshers are Fletchers and "vice versa".

</doc>
<doc id="20804046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804046" title="Coupar">
Coupar

Coupar may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20804083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804083" title="Bonnybank">
Bonnybank

Bonnybank is a small village in the Levenmouth area of Fife, approximately 2 miles north of Leven and situated on the main road (A916) between Kennoway and Cupar. It boasts a popular Mexican restaurant, the Bonnybank Inn.
In recent years, constructions include two new housing developments, Law View and Swardie Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="20804092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804092" title="CINA">
CINA

CINA is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts multicultural programming at AM 1650 in Mississauga, Ontario.
Approved by the CRTC on April 23, 2007, the station is owned by Neeti Prakash Ray (OBCI) and began testing at 1650 kHz in late 2008.
CINA will focus most of its airtime on Indian and Pakistani audiences, airing a mixture of community-oriented talk programming with Bollywood and other South Asian music. Prakash was formerly the host of "Radio India", a popular local radio show which aired on CKTB in the 1990s, and the new station's format is based in large part on that program.
On March 14, 2011, CINA received CRTC approval to increase the day time transmitter power from 1,000 to 5,000 watts. The night-time power would remain at 680 watts and all other technical parameters would remain unchanged. 

</doc>
<doc id="20804100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804100" title="Passau–Freyung railway">
Passau–Freyung railway

The Waldkirchen–Haidmühle railway was a branch line in Bavaria, in southern Germany. It ran from Waldkirchen to Haidmühle in the Bohemian Forest and had a junction there to the line from Haidmühle to Wallern, run by the former United Bohemian Forest Branch Line company ("Vereinigte Böhmerwald-Lokalbahnen"). It branched at Waldkirchen from the Passau – Freyung branch line ("Ilztalbahn"). The line was finally closed in 1994.
History.
On 10 August 1904 the Bavarian state government authorised the construction of a 26.9 kilometre long branch from Waldkirchen to the Czech border beyond Haidmühle. It was not expected that the line itself would make a profit; it was built to form a junction with the Bohemian railway network. It was opened on 15 November 1910. As a result of the state treaty agreed with Austria on 22 November 1904 this branch line was given a junction with Bohemia at Haidmühle to the United Bohemian Forest Branch Line company to their branch line from Haidmühle to Schwarzes Kreuz (Czech: Černý Kříž) with junctions to Winterberg (Bohemia) (Vimperk), Prachatitz (Prachatice) and Krummau (Český Krumlov). The station building and goods shed at Haidmühle were used jointly by both railway companies and the customs authorities.
The route ran from Waldkirchen initially in an easterly direction to Neureichenau and then northeast towards the border station, gaining 346 m in height. In its early years and after the forced annexation of the Sudetenland through trains ran from Passau to Haidmühle, whilst the Freyung line was given at junction at Waldkirchen.
Plans from the Czech side to extend the route again to Haidmühle, in order to build a better connexion there to Bavarian bus services, were scrapped. However there are currently plans to reactivate the "Ilztalbahn", and reinstate a bus link between Waldkirchen and Nove Udoli.
Museum railway.
Between Nové Údolí (German: Neuthal) station and the end of the border bridge in Germany there is a railway museum, housed in three old goods wagons and which recounts the history of the line, as well as museum railway, the "Pošumavská jižní dráha" (PJD), which is described as the shortest international railway in the world. The line is 105 metres long and links Czech and German national territory. It can only be joined in the Czech Republic and the line is not joined to the Czech (ČD) national railway network. A journey down the line takes 24 seconds.
Traffic.
Due to the low axle load permitted on branch lines, special Bavarian "Lokalbahn" (branch line) locomotives ran on the line. In particular, for goods trains the Bavarian BB II (later DRG Class 98.7) Mallet locomotives from Bw Passau were used. From the early 1930s to the start of the Second World War four-wheeled diesel railbuses of DRG Class 135 and 137, together with their corresponding trailer cars, also ran to Freyung and Haidmühle. In addition the employment of Bavarian Pt 2/3 (later DRG Class 70.0) locomotives was reported.
After the line was refurbished and the track and ballast strengthened, DRG Class 64 locomotives took over the passenger services and DRG Class 81s the goods traffic. Later diesel engines were also used as were Uerdingen railbuses for passenger duties.
Closoure and Dismantling.
On the imposition of the Iron Curtain a section of the line on the Czech side of the border was remove and the importance of the Waldkirchen – Haidmühle line rapidly waned. Only shuttle services continued and all trains ran from Passau to Freyung. On 26 May 1963 passenger services to Haidmühle were withdrawn. Between Haidmühle and Jandelsbrunn goods traffic ceased on 31 December 1975 and between Jandelsbrunn and Waldkirchen on 1 October 1994. After the tracks were lifted the trackbed was used for the Adalbert Stifter cycle path.

</doc>
<doc id="20804138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804138" title="Indian Journal of Psychiatry">
Indian Journal of Psychiatry

The Indian Journal of Psychiatry is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access medical journal. It is published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Psychiatric Society. It covers research in all fields of psychiatry. Each year, the April issue is accompanied by a supplement that contains the abstracts of presentations at the annual national conference of the society held during the year.
History.
The journal was established in 1949 as the "Indian Journal of Neurology and Psychiatry" and obtained its present name in 1958. The current editor-in-chief is T. S. Sathyanarayana Rao (Jagadguru Sri Shivarathreeshwara University). The following have been its prior editors: 
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in PubMed, EBSCO databases, Expanded Academic ASAP, IndMed, and InfoTrac.

</doc>
<doc id="20804144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804144" title="One Drop (KAT-TUN song)">
One Drop (KAT-TUN song)

"One Drop" is a Japanese-language song, and the ninth single, by Japanese boy band, KAT-TUN, and their third from their fourth studio album, "". It was released on February 11, 2009 and is the group's ninth consecutive number one single on the Oricon daily and weekly charts.
The song is sung in Japanese, but includes a few phrases sung in English, of which the title comes from the phrase "Only lonely your tear drop oh ..." 
Single information.
The single was released in three editions and featured alternate jacket artwork. The limited edition came with a DVD featuring the music video and a featurette on the making of the video, the first press edition included a bonus track and the regular pressing came with the instrumental versions of the songs on the single."One Drop" is also the theme song for co-lead vocalist Kazuya Kamenashi's drama, "Kami no Shizuku", in which he plays the lead character whilst "D-T-S" was used as the insert song for the Lotte "Plus X" television commercials.
Chart performance.
In its first week of its release, the single topped the Oricon singles chart, reportedly selling 281,359 copies. KAT-TUN gained their ninth consecutive number one single on the Oricon Weekly Singles Chart since their debut with all their singles sold more than 200,000 copies and continued to hold the second most consecutive number one singles since debut with fellow Johnny's group, NEWS. 
By the end of the year, "One Drop" was reported by Oricon to sell 331,248 copies and was later certified Platinum by RIAJ denoting over 250,000 shipments.

</doc>
<doc id="20804150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804150" title="List of Croatian football transfers winter 2008–09">
List of Croatian football transfers winter 2008–09

This is a list of Croatian football transfers for the 2008-09 winter transfer window. Only moves featuring at least one Prva HNL club are listed. The winter transfer window officially opened on 1 January 2009, although transfers may have taken place prior to that date. The window closed at midnight on 31 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20804201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804201" title="Eberhard Wolfram">
Eberhard Wolfram

Eberhard Wolfram (24 July 1882 – 6 January 1947) was a "Vizeadmiral" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20804208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804208" title="Sebastian Komor">
Sebastian Komor

Sebastian R. Komor (born May 7, 1976) is a Polish-born, Norwegian-raised EBM/Industrial musician, best known for his collaborative work in Icon of Coil and Zombie Girl. A prolific artist, Komor has also released electronic music under a variety of solo projects and aliases since the late 1990s.
Bio.
Sebastian Komor was born in Zabrze, Poland, in 1976 and moved to Norway in 1981, where he would remain for over twenty years. He first acquired a keyboard in his late teens and released his first music demo in 1992. Throughout the mid- to late-90s Komor created music in Fredrikstad, where an EBM/industrial scene was flourishing under the influence of local bands such as Apoptygma Berzerk. Komor recorded and toured under various band names during that time, starting with Melt and continuing with Area51, Sector9 (which he also used as a remixer alias), and Moonitor. Fellow Fredrikstad musician Andy LaPlegua played keyboards for early Sector9 and Melt shows, and it was this collaboration that led to the formation of Icon of Coil in 1997, with the roles reversed - LaPlegua as primary creative member and Komor came in as a full member during the production of the first single "Shallow Nation". Icon of Coil released their debut single, "Shallow Nation", in 2000, at which point Komor became a full-fledged member of the band. Komor and LaPlegua went on to release three full-length albums as IoC: "Serenity is the Devil" (2000), "The Soul Is In The Software" (2002), and "Machines Are Us" (2004). Icon of Coil garnered a fair amount of popularity within the scene, having their albums distributed worldwide and playing a variety of large festivals. During this same time period, Komor and Richard Bjørklund formed the synthpop/EBM band Monofader and released the album "Frost" in 2004. Sebastian also did drum, sampling and synth programming on an EP titled "Fenris" for an industrial black metal band called Helheim (note: not the Norwegian black/Viking metal band Helheim).
In 2004, however, Komor relocated to Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, and activity within Icon of Coil and Monofader has been sparse since, with the geographical distance between Komor and his band mates being cited as a roadblock to completing significant amounts of additional music. Komor has stated that newer Monofader material exists, with a speculative title of "Everything Changes but the Sea", but that the project is not a priority right now.
In 2005 Komor started Zombie Girl with Renee Cooper. They released an EP in 2006 and a full album in 2007 through Alfa Matrix and Metropolis. Komor was also signed to electronic rock label FiXT in 2008 for his solo hard techno/trance/industrial project Squarehead. Two advance Squarehead singles featuring guest vocals were released in 2008 and 2009 with a full-length album, "Voltage Controlled Body Music", released in March 2010. Sebastian's long time work-in-progress Moonitor, which he describes as techno/tribal, has now also been signed to FiXT and released an album titled "To The Past From The Future In The Present". It appears that both Squarehead and Moonitor were one-off projects with no additional albums currently planned, as Komor has stated that he is now fully focused on another of his oldest projects, Melt. Komor has released production music geared towards film, television, and video game soundtracks through FiXT's sister company Position Music. Yet another active side project of Seb's is Komor Kommando, his dark techno/EBM/aggrotech club-oriented DJ alias. One EP has thus far been released on Alfa Matrix, with a full-length album imminent. Additional solo work has been released through Rasputin Records under his real name.
The aforementioned Melt, now rejuvenated after years of being kept on hold by commitments to Icon of Coil, was initially to see an EP called "Parasites" released in early 2009, but is still a work in progress, with Seb stating "I just dont want to hurry a release, this is a very personal album, and I just feel it needs to feel right and complete before its ready to be unleashed". Though the name has carried over from work done as early as 1994, all of the current songs being worked on are brand new.
Sebastian does production work as Xenomorph Productions. He produced the album Hearts For Bullets by Ayria in 2008. Komor mastered the Depeche Mode tribute album "Alfa Matrix Re:Covered" in 2009, which included two covers by Komor Kommando. That same year he also mastered fellow Canadian electro-industrial act iVardensphere's debut album "Scatterface". In February 2010 Komor released a collection of over 400 audio samples from his studio, some from his released projects and some unused. A second volume followed in June of that same year.
Komor is also a visual artist, and designs the artwork for his own releases.

</doc>
<doc id="20804215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804215" title="Guomao Station (Shenzhen)">
Guomao Station (Shenzhen)

Guomao Station (), is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of the junction of Renmin Nanlu () and Jiabin Road () in Luohu District, Shenzhen, China. Its name is from Guomao Building (International Trade Centre Building) (). It will be an interchange station between Line 1 and the future Line 8. Along with the adjacent Lao Jie station, Guomao station has an unusual layout with the two tracks situated above each other on two levels.

</doc>
<doc id="20804221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804221" title="NBT Newsletter">
NBT Newsletter

A monthly newsletter published by the National Book Trust of India. It contains information on activities conducted by the trust as well as new books released by them. It is a non profit trust based in New Delhi run by the Indian Government

</doc>
<doc id="20804226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804226" title="Dick Yin Wong">
Dick Yin Wong

Dick Yin Wong (September 13, 1920 - December 26, 1978) was an American lawyer and judge. He served as judge on the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii.
Wong was born in 1920 in Honolulu, Hawaii. He attended the University of Hawaii, where he received a B.A., 1942 and the M.A., 1944. He graduated from the Northwestern University School of Law with a J.D., 1950
Highlights of his career include:
Wong was nominated by Gerald Ford on March 17, 1975, to a seat vacated by Martin Pence on the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 24, 1975, and received his commission on April 25, 1975. His service terminated on December 26, 1978, due to death.

</doc>
<doc id="20804239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804239" title="Jukka Pääkkönen">
Jukka Pääkkönen

Jukka Pääkkönen is a Finnish film and television actor. He is also a composer.
Career.
Among other roles, he has appeared on the television series "Elf Toljander" and "Cow's Year".

</doc>
<doc id="20804262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804262" title="Trebija">
Trebija

Trebija (in older sources also "Terbija", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies on the left bank of the upper course of the Poljane Sora River.

</doc>
<doc id="20804272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804272" title="Kaya Yei">
Kaya Yei

"Kaya Yei" is a traditional term for a female porter or bearer from Ghana, and is a person who carries objects for others.
Historical meaning.
The term "Kaya Yei" (sing. Kaya Yoo) is broken down into two words, "Kaya", meaning load/luggage/goods in Hausa language, and "Yei", meaning women/females in Ga language, as the role is almost exclusively carried out by females in Ghana.
Traditional "Kaya" have historically, and continue in contemporary times, to be used as manual labour, exploited to transport goods to and from markets, particularly agricultural goods.
Current meaning.
"Kaya Yei" still toil away in markets in Ghana today, often in poor conditions and with minimal income. Occasionally, "Kaya" are brought into private homes to perform domestic tasks, and the income from private homes is at a slightly higher rate. The "Kaya" are often transient, and often without basic sanitation. Basic hygiene & nutrition conditions are also poor.
Loads are almost always carried in a large pan which is carried on the head of the "Kaya", often only with a moistened coil of cloth to act as a buffer between the pan and their head.
In larger cities such as Accra & Kumasi, "Kaya" are often migrants from remote regions who have come to the cities in search for better employment prospects.

</doc>
<doc id="20804298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804298" title="WTA Madrid Open (tennis)">
WTA Madrid Open (tennis)

The Madrid Open is a defunct tennis tournament on the WTA Tour, held between 1996 and 2003. It replaced the International Championships of Spain (held in Barcelona) during these years, before a new tournament was started in Barcelona in 2007. It was a Tier II event in 1996 but was lowered to Tier III from 1997 onwards until it finished in 2003.
Jana Novotná was the most successful player at the event, winning the singles title in 1996 and 1997. Monica Seles also reached the final on two separate occasions, winning the title once.

</doc>
<doc id="20804320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804320" title="Ilokano numbers">
Ilokano numbers

Ilokano has two number systems: one is native and the other is derived from Spanish. The systems are virtually used interchangeably. Yet, the situation can dictate which system is preferred.
Typically, Ilokanos use native numbers for one through 10, and Spanish numbers for amounts of 10 and higher. 
Specific time is told using the Spanish system and numbers for hours and minutes, for example, Alas dos ("2 o'clock").
For dates, cardinal Spanish numbers are the norm; for example, 12 (dose) ti Julio ("the twelfth of July").
As with other roots in the language, numbers can undergo various forms of agglutination.
Cardinal.
Cardinal numbers are those used in counting.
Numbers are connected to their nouns using the ligature a/nga.
Ordinal.
To form the ordinal number ("second, third, etc."), except for "first", maika- is prefixed to the cardinal form. Note the exceptional forms for "third", "fourth" and "sixth".
Aggregate.
With the group numbers ("pulo", "gasut", "ribo", "laksa" and "riwriw"), infixing <in> indicates division.
Aggregate numbers have already been introduced: sangapulo, sangaribo, etc. Each is prefixed with sanga-. To form other groups, other numbers, and units of length, time or capacity can be used with sanga-. The alternate form is sangka-.
Distributive.
Distributives are formed by prefixing sag- plus redupication of the first CV (light reduplication) of the cardinal form or the unit. Distributives express "so many each", "so many a piece". Note the irregular forms for "one each", "three each", "four each" and "six each".
When used with pami(n)-, sagpami(n)-, the result is a distributive multiplicative: "so many times each".
Indefinite.
Indefinite numbers are formed by prefixing sumag- and CV reduplication of the first syllable of the cardinal form. In addition, to the cardinal numbers, sumag- can be used with the interrogative mano "How much/many?".
Limitative.
Limitatives express no more, no less than what the root number or aggregate specifies. It is formed by reduplicating the CVC (heavy reduplication) of the first syllable of the cardinal number or root form.
sanga-/sangka- may be reduplicated, sangsanga-/sangsangka-, also to express limitation.
Multiplicative.
These adverbial numbers are formed by prefixing mami(n)- to the cardinal form. Note the forms for "once", "twice", "three times/thrice". Perfect form: nami(n)-.
The multiplicatives can be limited by maminpi-/mamipin- (Perf: naminpi-/namipin-).
The multiplicatives can be made ordinal with kapami(n)-. The resulting form is treated as a nominal and takes ergative agents.
Nakapamin- prefixed to numbers behaves as an adverb.
Fractional.
The denominator in fractions is prefixed by pagka-. Numbers such as sangapulo "ten", sangagasut "hundred", etc. drop the sanga- prefix before taking the prefix.
Divisional.
Divisional numbers are formed by prefixing agka- and denote into how many parts something is divided. The perfective is nagka-.

</doc>
<doc id="20804342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804342" title="David James (bishop)">
David James (bishop)

David Charles James (born 6 March 1945) is a retired Anglican bishop. He was formerly the Bishop of Bradford in the Church of England.
James was educated at Nottingham High School and the University of Exeter. After graduating with a BSc, he presumably gained his PhD before lecturing in chemistry at the University of Southampton.
Following his theological studies at St John's College, Nottingham, James was ordained in 1973 and began his ordained ministry with curacies at Highfield, Southampton and Goring-by-Sea. Following this he was Anglican chaplain at the University of East Anglia and then Vicar of East Ecclesfield before returning to his Highfield.
James became suffragan Bishop of Pontefract in 1998 and then became the diocesan Bishop of Bradford in 2002. He was one of the rebel bishops who signed a letter against Rowan Williams' decision not to block the appointment of Jeffrey John as Bishop of Reading in 2003. The other diocesan bishop signatories (referred to by their opponents, since there were nine, as the "Nazgûl") were: Michael Scott-Joynt (Bishop of Winchester), Michael Langrish (Exeter), Michael Nazir-Ali (Rochester), Peter Forster (Chester), James Jones (Liverpool), George Cassidy (Southwell & Nottingham), Graham Dow (Carlisle) and John Hind (Chichester). James retired on 14 July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20804348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804348" title="Vinharje">
Vinharje

Vinharje is a settlement in the hills south of Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20804350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804350" title="Robert Wexler (disambiguation)">
Robert Wexler (disambiguation)

Robert Wexler (born 1961) is an American political figure and Middle East peace advocate.
Robert Wexler may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20804359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804359" title="MV Empire Alderney">
MV Empire Alderney

Empire Alderney was a 288 ton coastal tanker which was built in 1943. She was renamed Mil 50 in 1946 and Max S in 1955. Her fate is unknown, last being registered in the Cayman Islands in 1980.
History.
"Empire Alderney" was built by J. Harker Ltd., Knottingley as yard number 166. She had a Crossley engine. "Empire Alderney" was launched on 11 December 1943 and completed in June 1944. She was built for the Ministry of War Transport and managed by T J Metcalf.
In 1946, "Empire Alderney" was sold to Norsk Tankanlaeg of Norway and renamed "Mil 50". She served with them for nine years and was sold to Partenrederei Max S, West Germany in 1955, being renamed "Max S". In 1958, she was sold to the Marina Mercante Nicaragüense, Nicaragua, passing to the Compagnia Maritima Mundia in 1959. "Max S" was last recorded as being registered to Trafford Holdings Ltd, Cayman Islands in 1980.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Alderney" had the UK Official Number 180114 from 1943 to 1946 and used the Code Letters MQNH until 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20804362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804362" title="German orthography reform of 1944">
German orthography reform of 1944

The planned German spelling reform of 1944 was a failed attempt to amend German orthography. Although one million copies of the new rules were printed by 1944 for school use, the reform was never introduced. Their preparation was initiated by the Reich Education Minister Bernhard Rust and they were drawn up by Otto Basler, Erich Gierach and Karl Reumuth.
Among the key changes were: 
On the orders of Hitler, the introduction of the new rules in schools, which had been planned for the start of the 1944-45 school year, was postponed as it was considered "not important for the war effort." Otto Basler produced a slightly revised version of the rulebook in 1948, but the innovations contained in it were not implemented.
Some of the proposed changes were included in the German spelling reform of 1996.
Some of Rust's proposed spellings could be found in the dictionary up to the 1980s, such as the spelling "Kautsch".

</doc>
<doc id="20804372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804372" title="Upstream (networking)">
Upstream (networking)

In computer networking, upstream refers to the direction in which data can be transferred from the client to the server (uploading). This differs greatly from downstream not only in theory and usage, but also in that upstream speeds are usually at a premium. Whereas downstream speed is important to the average home user for purposes of downloading content, uploads are used mainly for web server applications and similar processes where the "sending" of data is critical. Upstream speeds are also important to users of peer-to-peer software.
ADSL and cable modems are asymmetric, with the upstream data rate much lower than that of its downstream. Symmetric connections such as Symmetric Digital Subscriber Line (SDSL) and T1, however, offer identical upstream and downstream rates.
If a node A on the Internet is closer (fewer hops away) to the Internet backbone than a node B, then A is said to be upstream of B or conversely, B is downstream of A. Related to this is the idea of upstream providers. An upstream provider is usually a large ISP that provides Internet access to a local ISP. Hence, the word upstream also refers to the data connection between two ISPs.

</doc>
<doc id="20804373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804373" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1946–1948">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1946–1948

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 23 November 1946 election and the 21 August 1948 election. The Nationalist Party had dissolved and its members had joined the new Liberal Party by the time of the election.

</doc>
<doc id="20804417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804417" title="Volaka">
Volaka

Volaka is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Hotavlje in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Volaka" is believed to refer to early foreign-born residents of the settlement, related to the word "Vlach".
History.
Volaščica Creek, which runs through the settlement, was set as the original border of the Dominion of Freising in AD 973. Oral tradition states that in the 11th century a castle owned by Hemma of Gurk stood on Gradišče Hill above the settlement. In the 17th century, iron ore was dug in the area and carried across the hills to Potok and Železniki for processing. For a number of years a foundry operated in Volaka.

</doc>
<doc id="20804434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804434" title="Amal Kumar Sarkar">
Amal Kumar Sarkar

Justice Amal Kumar Sarkar () (born 29 June 1901, date of death unknown) was the eighth Chief Justice of India, from March 16, 1966 up to his retirement on June 29, 1966.
Education.
He studied at the prestigious Scottish Churches College, the Bangabasi College, and at the University Law College, all affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
Life.
He started his career by practising as an advocate in the Calcutta High Court at Kolkata. He became a judge at the Calcutta High Court on January 1949, and went on to practice till March 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20804469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804469" title="Tony Robinson (bishop)">
Tony Robinson (bishop)

Anthony William Robinson (known as Tony; born 25 April 1956) is the current Bishop of Pontefract. He was educated at Bedford Modern. After a period of study at "Salisbury and Wells Theological College" he was ordained in 1983. His career began with a curacy at St Paul’s Tottenham. He was then Rural Dean of North Leicester and finally (before his consecration to the episcopate on 6 December 2002) Archdeacon of Pontefract.
Bishop Tony is also the Patron of Street Angels - Christian Nightlife Initiatives, a post held since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20804475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804475" title="Sweetie Pie">
Sweetie Pie

Sweetie Pie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20804513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804513" title="Volča">
Volča

Volča (; in older sources also "Volče", ) is a village north of Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint George and dates to the early 16th century. Sixteenth-century frescos are preserved in the sanctuary. The three altars in the church are all gilded and date to the mid-17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20804516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804516" title="Johannes Murmellius">
Johannes Murmellius

Johannes Murmellius (c. 1480 – 2 October 1517) was a Dutch teacher and humanist, known for numerous textbooks, and his spreading of humanism, particularly in the Prince-Bishopric of Münster.
Life.
He was born in Roermond, and was a pupil of Alexander Hegius von Heek in Deventer. From 1496 to 1500 he was at the University of Cologne. Then with the support of Rudolph von Langen he was brought in as assistant head of the cathedral school at Münster. After friction with the head, he moved to another school there, reforming textbooks and promoting the teaching of Greek. Pupils travelled from distant parts of Europe to study with him.
He was then school rector in Alkmaar from 1513, where he insisted his pupils had a good reading knowledge of parts of the Bible. The marauding Arumer Zwarte Hoop sacked Alkmaar in late June 1517, leaving Murmellius destitute.
He moved on to Zwolle, briefly working under Gerardus Listrius, and then to a position at Deventer. He died suddenly in early October 1517, giving rise to an unsubstantiated rumour that Listrius had poisoned him.
Works.
Around 50 works of his are known, mostly written with pedagogical intent.
He published an edition of the "Consolation of Philosophy" of Boethius in 1511, followed in 1514 by a commentary.
His "Pappa Puerorum" (1515) was a very successful Latin primer, and his Latin "Lexicon" was influential as far away as Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20804532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804532" title="The Vals">
The Vals

The Vals are a rock band from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Led by songwriter Paul Doherty the band has had many line-up changes since their formation in 2005. Owen Duffy, Marty Malone, Ronnie Cartwright, Matt Rice, Jeremy Meaden, John Rossi and Pierre Boudin have all played in various line-ups throughout the band's history.
In 2009 they signed with Electrique Mud Records, a subsidiary of Unique Records based in Düsseldorf, Germany. With Electrique Mud they released the singles ‘Yesterday Today’, ‘With You’ and ‘Things Will Always Be the Same’. In October 2009 they released the album ‘Sticks and Stones’ which was distributed worldwide via ALIVE!
Artwork for the album was photographed and designed by Stefan Duerr.
The album was recorded in just 3 days in Villa Blacksheep studios in Duisburg and produced by Bernhard Ruprecht and assisted by Jürgen Dahmen who also played hammond organ on tracks 'Things will always be the same' and 'Sticks and Stones'.
The song 'Yesterday Today' was used in an episode of popular German soap opera Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten (English: Good Times, Bad Times). The number one show has peaked at 7 million viewers since its first airing in 1992. The Vals track appears in episode 4328.
To celebrate the release of their debut single 'Yesterday Today', the band played a special show in Belfast with Chris Helme of John Squire’s post-Stone Roses band The Seahorses.
The Vals also played a live session for BBC Radio One where they played singles 'Yesterday Today', 'With You', and album track 'Light Shine Down'.
Their second single 'With You' was nominated for 'Single of the Week' on BBC Radio 2's The Mark Radcliffe & Stuart Maconie Show
To coincide with the release of their debut album, the band played a European tour which took in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Ireland and the UK.
In 2010 they headlined the famous 100 Club in London just weeks before former Beatle Paul McCartney headlined his own show in order to save the then threatened building.
During the promotion of the 'Sticks and Stones' album the band shared the stage with Ocean Colour Scene (during both the 'Saturday' and 'Pure Acoustic' tours), Echo and the Bunnymen, Mumford and Sons, Hawkwind, Horslips, The Proclaimers, David Holmes, Bon Iver, The Soundtrack of Our Lives, Noah and the Whale, Jeff Beck, Peter Green of Fleetwood Mac and many more.
The Vals also played the Haldern Pop Festival, Burg Herzberg, Golzheim Fest, Château-d'Oex, Hard Working Class Heroes, Arthur's Day, Glasgowbury, Willowstone and many other high profile festivals throughout this period.
The Vals headlined the first episode of television show 'UTV Live at the Limelight' alongside Joe Echo (aka Ciaran Gribbins, now frontman of INXS)
They headlined the 'Magners Light Fall For Fashion' extravaganza which took place in the historical St George’s Market in Belfast's city centre, on Tuesday, September 30, 2008
In August 2010 The Vals played outside Belfast City Hall on a giant erected stage to celebrate the inauguration of the new Lord Mayor of the city.
The band also celebrated Belfast hosting the 2011 MTV Europe Music Awards by taking part in Belfast Music week where they were joined by Duke Special and James Walsh of Starsailor at the Limelight complex.
Yoko Ono contacted Paul Doherty after she learned of a festival he had organised in Belfast under the banner of 'Peace and Love'.
'Valfest' seen The Vals appear alongside Thin Lizzy founding member and guitarist Eric Bell and Henry McCullough. Yoko sent her message when the festival was organised in Belfast in 2008. An event which helped raise money for local charity.
The message from Yoko included:
“You will know, now that you are doing the Peace and Love Festival, you are connected to all of us, the family of peace of the world. Good for you.”
The message was signed off, “lots of love, Yoko”.
In 2011 The Vals teamed up with Henry McCullough (Wings & Paul McCartney) on the single ‘Look to the One'. McCullough provided backing vocals and lent his famous guitar sound to the track which gained much success. The video for the 'Look to the One' was produced by Mal Campbell at Causeway Studios.
'Look to the One' was voted 'Single of the Week' by radio station CityBeat which reaches a weekly audience of 144,000 listeners in Belfast, around 25% of the adult population
Another track from the same sessions, Emily O', was recorded alongside the Methodist College Belfast Choir but is yet to be released.During the promotional campaign of the single 'Look to the One' , the band performed an acoustic version of Emily O' for the Ralph McClean show on the BBC. This is was both filmed and broadcast on radio.
In 2012 The Vals announced the 'Autumn Acoustic Tour' with shows in Hamburg, Düsseldorf and finishing at the world famous Ulster Hall in Belfast.
In February 2013 the band took part in RTE's Other Voices Music Trail, an event which celebrated the City of Culture for that year, Derry.

</doc>
<doc id="20804533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804533" title="Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz International Prize for Water">
Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz International Prize for Water

The Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz International Prize for Water (PSIPW) is a Saudi Arabian scientific prize, established on 21 October 2002 by Prince Sultan Bin Abdulaziz Al Saud. The Prize has its headquarters at the Prince Sultan Research Center for Environment, Water and Desert (PSRCEWD) at King Saud University.
It is a bi-annual international scientific award that accepts nominations from all over the world. For its third round (2006-2008) the Prize received 198 nominations from 53 countries, with the Creativity Prize, worth more than a quarter of a million dollars, receiving 73 of those nominations.
Branches of the prize.
The Prize is an international award bestowed in six branches. One million Saudi Riyals (about $266,000) is allocated for the Creativity Branch, while half a million Saudi Riyals (about $133,000) is allocated for each of the other four Specialized Branches. The Prize is accompanied by a gold medallion, a trophy and a certificate.
The six branches of the prize are as follows:
During the first two rounds of the Prize (2002-2004) and (2004-2006) there were five specialized branch prizes, since "Water Resources Management" and "Water Resources Protection" were awarded separately. These two branch of the Prize were combined after the Second Award and the "Water Resources Management and Protection" Prize was awarded for the first time with the Third Award (2006-2008). The Creativity Prize was inaugurated for the Third Award (2006-2008).
The Creativity Prize.
The Creativity Prize is not restricted to specific topics. Instead, its criteria are defined by general guidelines. This allows the Creativity Prize to cover a broad range of water-related subjects.
The Creativity Prize is awarded to work that the Prize Committee deems to be a "breakthrough" in any water-related field. The work might be an invention, a research paper, a new technology, or a development project. It can relate to any branch of any water-related discipline. It might contribute to increasing available water resources, or to alleviating scarcity, or to minimizing pollution. It might make a material contribution to water conservation or to effective water management. The work should provide a solution which is useful to society, contribute to development and social upliftment, be practical, environmentally friendly, and cost-effective.
Specialized branch prizes.
The topic for each of the four specialized branches of the Prize will vary with each award. For example, in one round of the Prize, the Surface Water topic might be "Flood Control". In other rounds, the topic might be "Rainwater Harvesting", "Sedimentation Control", "Space Technology Applications" or some other topic related to surface water issues. The same applies to the other three specialized branches. However, the topic for the third specialized branch – alternative (non-traditional) water resources – will most frequently be related to desalination.
The topics for the current (4th) award are as follows:
Organization, nomination and selection.
Evaluation of nominated works.
Works are evaluated to determine their scientific value and originality, how they contribute to the field, and their usefulness to society, especially with reference to development and to solving problems on an international level.
The nominated works are evaluated by an international panel of scientists who serve on various specialized committees on one or more of the following three levels:
Award ceremonies.
The secretariat of the Prize typically announces the names of the winners in October, with the Prizes being awarded at a formal ceremony held in November in conjunction with an academic conference.
The ceremony for the First Award was held on Sunday, 5 December 2004 at King Saud University along with the 1st International Conference on Water Resources and Arid Environments. The ceremony for the Second Award took place on 26 November 2006 concurrently with the 2nd International Conference on Water Resources and Arid Environments.
The ceremony for the Third Award took place on Sunday, 16 November 2008 in conjunction with the 3rd International Conference on Water Resources and Arid Environments 2008 and 1st Arab Water Forum, which ran from 16 to 19 November. The ceremony was attended by Prince Willem-Alexander, Crown Prince of the Netherlands, Prince of Orange and Chairman of the Advisory Commission of United Nations Secretary General for Water and Sanitation Affairs.
Medals, trophies and certificates.
The base of the trophy is engraved in both English and Arabic with the name of the Prize and the winner, while the top of the trophy is made of crystal in the pattern of the PSIPW logo - concentric, tear-shaped semicircles surrounding a central image of the Earth.
Prize winners.
First Award (2002-2004).
The Prize Council announced the names of the winners on 31 October 2004 as follows:
Second Award (2004-2006).
The Prize Council announced the names of the winners on 31 October 2007 as follows:
Third Award (2006-2008).
The Prize Council announced the names of the winners as follows:
Other activities of the prize.
The Prize is a nonprofit organization that, along with bestowing a biannual award, is involved in various water-related activities. These include the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="20804544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804544" title="Zadobje">
Zadobje

Zadobje is a dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20804578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804578" title="The Duke of Paducah">
The Duke of Paducah

Benjamin Francis Ford (May 12, 1901 – June 20, 1986), known professionally as The Duke of Paducah, was an American country comedian, radio host and banjo player popular from the 1940s to the 1960s.
Ford was born in De Soto, Missouri, and was raised in Little Rock, Arkansas. He had only a third-grade education, so he joked that he came from the "university of hard knocks." He enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1918. During his Navy service he learned to play the banjo and earned his nickname Whitey Ford because of his blonde hair. After his discharge in 1922, he joined McGinty's Oklahoma Cowboy Band, a Dixieland jazz group, as a banjo player. The group later changed its name to Otto Gray and his Oklahoma Cowboys and appeared in a few Hollywood film shorts. In 1929, Ford made his debut on WLS-AM in Chicago, Illinois.
In the early 1930s, while working at KWK in St. Louis, Ford took the stage name The Duke of Paducah. In 1937, he founded the "Renfro Valley Barn Dance" with Red Foley and John Lair. More radio work followed when he became a regular on "Plantation Party", an NBC Radio show in Cincinnati and Chicago. From 1942–1959, Ford was a regular on the Grand Ole Opry where he became a member. He also hosted several popular radio shows broadcast nationally. In the mid-1950s, Ford toured with a troupe he called the Rock and Roll Revue. On several occasions, he shared a bill with Elvis Presley. In 1958, he began hosting a television show, "Country Junction", on WLAC-TV in Nashville which ran for a few years.
Ford ended his act with his tagline: "I'm goin' back to the wagon, boys, these shoes are killin' me." He was elected to the Country Music Hall of Fame in February 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20804602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804602" title="Liga Georgina de Villegas">
Liga Georgina de Villegas

Liga Georgina de Villegas is the top basketball league in San Pedro Sula, Honduras. Even though based in San Pedro Sula, it is referred to as the metropolitan league because it includes teams from La Lima, El Progreso and La Ceiba. It is considered the top league in the north and one of the most elite in the country.
It is actually comprised both by a male and a female league. The male league is divided into two divisions with a promotion and relegation system every year.
2008 season.
The current champions.
Division I – Vida
Division II- El Progreso
Female- Sunset
Teams in the 2008 season.
Division I
Vida
Arle
Profit Lima
SET
Emeco
Reenfrío
Division II
Phoenix
Mercaplán
Fol Dorados
Europlast
EIS 1
Progreso
Arlef Júnior
Onda Sport
EIS 2
Women's"
Susent
Monolit
Inmude
Imapro
EIS

</doc>
<doc id="20804644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804644" title="WTA Nagoya">
WTA Nagoya

This is a defunct tennis tournament on the WTA Tour that was held just once, in 1995. It was held in Nagoya, Japan from September 11 to September 17 and was a Tier IV event. The official name of the tournament was the TVA Cup Ladies Open.

</doc>
<doc id="20804653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804653" title="Zakobiljek">
Zakobiljek

Zakobiljek () is a small settlement in the hills north of Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20804666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804666" title="North Kildare RFC">
North Kildare RFC

North Kildare RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Kilcock, County Kildare, playing in Division Two of the Leinster League. The First XV is currently captained by Tom Satchwell.The club colours are cerise, white and blue. The First XV were promoted to Division 2A of the Leinster League this season 2013 on Sunday March 15 after a playoff victory over Clane.Victory for North Kildare ensured promotion for them. Aside from the First XV, the club also fields a Second XV . It is part of the North Kildare Club, which also includes hockey, squash and tennis sections.
Recent representative players.
Ireland & Leinster
Connacht
Honours.
Lalor cup 2004
Speirs cup 2005
Leinster Provincial Towns Plate runner up 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20804691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804691" title="Henry Grace">
Henry Grace

Henry Grace (20 March 1907 – 16 September 1983) was an American set decorator. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for twelve more in the category Best Art Direction.
As an actor he had a role as Dwight D. Eisenhower, whom he strongly resembled, in "The Longest Day".
Selected filmography.
Grace won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for twelve more:

</doc>
<doc id="20804704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804704" title="Members of the western concert flute family">
Members of the western concert flute family

The western concert flute family has a wide range of instruments.
Piccolo.
The piccolo is the highest pitched member of the flute family, with a range an octave above that of the concert flute. It's usually the highest pitched instrument within orchestras and bands. The piccolo has a stereotype for being difficult to play in tune; its small size makes it difficult to construct an evenly-tuned scale.
Treble flute.
The treble flute is pitched in the key of G, a fifth above the concert flute. The instrument is rare today, only occasionally found in flute choirs or private collections.
Soprano flute.
This distinctive sounding instrument is rarely found at present. A few American publications for flute choir currently include a part for an Eb (soprano) flute, an instrument pitched a minor third higher than the standard C flute. In these publications, an alternative part is provided either for the C Flute or for the piccolo.
Concert flute.
The standard concert flute is by far the most common member of the flute family. The flute is used in many ensembles including concert bands, orchestras, flute ensembles, occasionally jazz bands and big bands. 
The instrument is pitched in C and has a range of just over three octaves starting from the musical note C4 (corresponding to middle C on the piano), however, some experienced flautists are able to reach C8. Many professional flutes have a longer B-foot joint, which can reach B3.
Flûte d'amour.
The "flûte d'amour" or "flauto d'amore" is pitched in either A or B and is intermediate in size between the modern C concert flute and the alto flute in G. It is the mezzo soprano member of the flute family. It is sometimes referred to as a tenor flute. The range of the instrument is from A3 to E7. The B version is usually used for jazz because both the tenor saxophone and clarinet are in B.
Alto flute.
The alto flute is characterized by its distinct, mellow tone in the lower portion of its range. The tube of the alto flute is considerably thicker and longer than a C flute and requires more breath from the player. However, this gives it a greater dynamic presence in the bottom octave and a half of its range. It is pitched in the key of G (sounding a 4th lower than written) with its range stretching from G3 to G6. The headjoint may be straight or curved.
Contra-alto flute.
The contra-alto flute (also called contrabass flute in G) is in the key of G, pitched one octave below the alto flute, and a fourth below the bass flute. It is so large that the instrument's body is held vertically, with an adjustable floor peg similar to that of the bass clarinet.
Contrabass flute.
The contrabass flute (sometimes also called octobass flute) is used mostly in flute ensembles. Its range is similar to that of the regular concert flute, except that it is pitched two octaves lower; the lowest performable note is two octaves below middle C (equivalent to the lowest C on the cello). Many contrabass flutes in C are also equipped with a low B, (in the same manner as many modern standard sized flutes are). The contra-alto flute is sometimes referred to as a "contrabass flute in G".
Subcontrabass flute.
An instrument in the key of G, pitched a fourth below the contrabass flute in C and two octaves below the alto flute in G; it is sometimes also called a double contra-alto flute.
Double contrabass flute.
The double contrabass flute (sometimes also called octobass flute or subcontrabass flute) is pitched in the key of C, three octaves below the concert flute (two octaves below the bass flute, and one octave below the contrabass flute). Its lowest note is C1, one octave below the cello's lowest C. Despite the tendency of the larger sizes of flute to be quiet, the double contrabass flute has a surprisingly powerful tone, though it benefits from amplification in ensembles.
Hyperbass flute.
The hyperbass flute is the largest and lowest instrument in the flute family. It is pitched in C, four octaves below the concert flute (and three octaves below the bass flute, two octaves below the contrabass flute, and one octave below the double contrabass flute). It is made of PVC and wood, its tubing is over 8 meters in length and its lowest note is the C one octave below the lowest C on the piano (16 Hz), below what is generally considered the range of human hearing. The only known example of the instrument is a prototype built for Italian flautist Roberto Fabbriciani (b. Arezzo, 1949) by Francesco Romei, a Florentine craftsman.

</doc>
<doc id="20804748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804748" title="Zapreval">
Zapreval

Zapreval (in older sources also "Zaprevolam", ) is a dispersed settlement in the Škofja Loka Hills in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
It lies by the Stari Vrh ski slopes with fifty hectares of slopes, a new 6-chair lift and 5 ski tows.

</doc>
<doc id="20804762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804762" title="Auguetbrücke">
Auguetbrücke

The Auguetbrücke is a bridge over the Aare between the municipalities of Muri bei Bern and Belp in the Canton of Bern in Switzerland.
During the 18th and at the beginning of the 19th century, four ferries crossed the Aare river between Bern and Thun. Increasing freight traffic from local farms at the beginning of the 19th century necessitated a bridge in the Hunzigenau. Construction of the Hunzigenbrücke began in the spring of 1835 and was completed by the summer of 1836.
Construction of the N6 national road through the Aare river valley required a connection to the cantonal highway between the districts of Konolfingen and Seftigen. This would have increased the river crossing traffic beyond the old wooden bridge's capacity, so a new concrete bridge was built and after 136 years the wooden bridge became superfluous.
After much discussion, the bridge was moved to Auguet. The bridge was renamed Auguetbrücke and opened to the public as a footbridge in 1974.
A commemorative plaque on the bridge reads "Hunzigenbrücke erbaut 1835 in der Hunzigenau. Versetzt und restauriert 1973-74 / Umbenannt in Auguetbrugg. Die Brücke steht unter dem Schutz des Bundes.", or roughly translated "Hunzigen Bridge built in 1835 at the Hunzigenau. Moved and restored 1973-74 / Renamed Auguetbrugg. The bridge is under the protection of the Swiss Confederation."

</doc>
<doc id="20804765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804765" title="Giovanni Gradenigo">
Giovanni Gradenigo

Giovanni Gradenigo (died August 8, 1356) was the fifty-sixth Doge of Venice, appointed on April 21, 1355. During his reign, Venice signed a peace with Genoa.
Biography.
Gradenigo was born in Venice. He was married to first Adriana Borromeo and then to Marina Capello. Before his election, he had been "podestà" in Capodistria, Padua, and Treviso. His recognized loyalty to the Venetian Republic probably helped him in being elected, as he came after the conjure which had led to the execution of his predecessor, Marin Falier.
Two months after his election, the Venetians signed a peace with Genoa, ending a long and unfavorable war. During his reign measures were take to improve the Republic's economic situation, but in 1356 they were again in war both on the mainland and in Dalmatia.
He died in August 1356.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20804767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804767" title="Malcolm Brown (art director)">
Malcolm Brown (art director)

Malcolm Brown (10 August 1903 – 29 August 1967) was an American art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Brown won an Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20804768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804768" title="Natalya Anisimova (handballer)">
Natalya Anisimova (handballer)

Natalya Anisimova (, born November 16, 1960) is a Russian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played all five matches and scored 13 goals.
Four years later she was a member of the Unified Team which won the bronze medal. She played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20804770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804770" title="Railway Union RFC">
Railway Union RFC

Railway Union RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Sandymount, Dublin. It is part of the Railway Union sports club and plays in Division 2A of the Leinster League. The club colours are black, purple and old gold. The club was founded in 1905. The club fields three teams, two at senior level and one at under-20 level. The club also has a Legends team which plays exhibition matches against touring sides.
Alcohol Problems.
Frequently described as a drinking club with a rugby problem, Railway Union has had a long a colourful, vomit coloured, history of drinking problems. Alcoholics Anonymous are now the official sponsors of Railway Union as the club tries to change it's messy ways.

</doc>
<doc id="20804774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804774" title="Jardins ethnobotaniques de la Gardie">
Jardins ethnobotaniques de la Gardie

The Jardins ethnobotaniques de la Gardie (English translation: "Ethnobotanical gardens of Gardie") are botanical gardens located in a former schoolyard at the Pont d'avène, Rousson, Gard, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. They are open daily except Monday in July and August, and weekend afternoons in May, June, and September; an admission fee is charged. 
The gardens are organized as a series of woodland clearings that illustrate the rural ethnobotany of the basses Cévennes region, representing typical woodland management, family farming, and shepherding. Their principal features are orchards and cereals of yesteryear; botanical, medieval, and herb gardens; beehives; dry stone walls; and a charcoal kiln. The gardens contain a range of local heirloom plants including more than 60 varieties of vines; 23 types of olive trees; fruits and berries including arbutus, elderberry, jujube, loquat, and mulberry; and vegetables from the Middle Ages including cabbage, chicory, leeks, lettuce, onions, spinach, turnips, and white beans.

</doc>
<doc id="20804788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804788" title="Gene Gutowski">
Gene Gutowski

Gene Gutowski, born as Witold Bardach, (May 7, 1925 in Lwów, Poland (now Ukraine)) is most known as a Polish-American film producer having produced many of Roman Polanski's films.
Formative years.
Witold Bardach is the son of Julius Bardach (Lawyer) and Anna Bardach née Garfunkel (Concert Pianist). He and his family lived in Rawa Ruska from 1933 until the beginning of war in 1939 when the Bardach family moved to Lwów where under Soviet occupation Witold Bardach began his studies as sculptor at the Institute of Plastic Arts.
In 1941 the Germans occupied Lwów and a year later his entire family who has lived there for generations was killed, Witold escaped to Warsaw where he took on the name 'Eugene Gutowski'. He first worked for a photographer and later as an employee of the Junkers factory at Okęcie Airport, secretly removing Luftwaffe radio-transmitters for delivery to the Polish underground army (Armia Krajowa) Escaping from the Gestapo at 18 he became the head of a construction company working for the Organisation Todt in Riga, Latvia and was later evacuated to Germany at the end of 1944.
At the end of war in May 1945, again escaping from the advancing Soviet army, Gene Gutowski joined the US Army Counter Intelligence Corps. Worked as Special Agent out of the Garmisch-Partenkirchen office until March 1947 when he married an American State Department employee, Zillah Rhoades and moved with her to New York.
After working for a few years as fashion illustrator, Gene Gutowski become a TV and film producer and with a few low budget productions to his name, including the TV series I Spy. He moved to London in 1960 to produce "Station Six Sahara" and to join forces with Roman Polanski in 1963. In a creative partnership they made "Repulsion", "Cul-De-Sac" and "The Fearless Vampire Killers", until Polanski moved to Hollywood under contract to Paramount in 1967.
Pursuing separate paths, though remaining close friends, Gutowski and Polański joined forces again to produce together THE PIANIST an Oscar winning film. Residing in Warsaw, Gene Gutowski has staged several plays and in 2004 published his Polish autobiography "Od Holocaustu do Hollywood (From Holocaust to Hollywood)". The English edition of his autobiography, titled "With Balls and Chutzpah, A Story of Survival", was published in the US in August 2011 by iUniverse, Inc.
Filmography.
– "Station Six – Sahara" (1962) Producer
– "Repulsion" (1965) Producer
– "Passion Flower Hotel" (1965) Producer
– "Cul-de-sac" (1966) Producer
– "The Fearless Vampire Killers" (1967) Producer
– "The Adventures of Gerard" (1968) Writer/Producer
– "Romance of a Horsethief" (1970) Producer
– "A Day at the Beach" (1972) Producer
– 'The Pianist' Co-Producer
– "" (2007 stageplay) Producer, in Warsaw, Poland

</doc>
<doc id="20804793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804793" title="MK12">
MK12

MK12 is a design and filmmaking collective based in Kansas City, Missouri, with acclaim in both commercial and artistic arenas. Founded in 2000 by art school refugees Jed Carter, Timmy Fisher, Matt Fraction and Ben Radatz and later joined by designer / composer Shaun Hamontree and computer guru Chad Perry, MK12's work constantly challenges the boundaries between narrative structure and experimental storytelling via juxtapositions of live action, graphic design, nostalgic influence and new technologies.
Their experimental & short film catalogue has been featured in many international film festivals and exhibitions, including Sundance, South by Southwest, the São Paulo Art Biennial, the Zurich Design Museum, The Walker Art Center, Art Basel, Prix Ars Electronica and the Mile High Horror Film Festival, which awarded them a “Most Innovative Short Film” title for their entry Follow the Sun in 2011. Similarly, in 2010 they received a ‘Best Experimental Film’ award from the Miami Short Film Festival for their film Telephoneme, and in 2006, their film Overload—a collaboration with NY-based painter Brian Alfred—was inducted into the Guggenheim’s permanent collection.
MK12’s success on the film festival circuit has led to their involvement in many large-scale commercial projects, including title sequence design and in-film FX for films like Quantum of Solace, The Kite Runner and Stranger than Fiction, and music videos for Hot Hot Heat, Guided by Voices and Common’s single "Go", which earned them an MTV Video Music Award nomination for ‘Best Hip Hop Video’ in 2005. Their collaborative video for Jack White and Alicia Keys’ single "Another Way to Die" earned them a Grammy nomination in the ‘Best Short Form Music Video’ category in 2009.
MK12 has also been involved in several game promotions, most recently for Harmonix’s Beatles & Green Day Rock Band entries as well as Microsoft’s flagship Xbox game Alan Wake. 
In 2003, MK12 joined forces with Los Angeles-based production company The Ebeling Group, who continue to represent and produce for the studio.

</doc>
<doc id="20804799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804799" title="Daily Echo">
Daily Echo

The Daily Echo is the name of two daily tabloid newspapers in southern England owned by Newsquest.

</doc>
<doc id="20804802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804802" title="First Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights">
First Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights

The First Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights is an international treaty establishing an individual complaint mechanism for the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR). It was adopted by the UN General Assembly on 16 December 1966, and entered into force on 23 March 1976. As of September 2013, it had 35 signatories and 115 states parties. One of the ratifying states—Jamaica—has denounced the convention.
Summary.
The Optional Protocol establishes an individual complaints mechanism for the ICCPR similar to those of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and Article 14 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination. Parties agree to recognise the competence of the UN Human Rights Committee to consider complaints from individuals who claim their rights under the Covenant have been violated. Complainants must have exhausted all domestic remedies, and anonymous complaints are not permitted. The Committee must bring complaints to the attention of the relevant party, which must respond within six months. Following consideration, the Committee must forward its conclusions to the party and the complainant.
While not expressly provided for in the Protocol, the HRC regards the recognition of its competence to hear complaints as imposing an obligation not to hinder access to the Committee and to prevent any retaliation against complainants. It regards its findings as authoritative determinations of obligations under the Covenant, and their adoption as being required in order to provide an "effective remedy" under Article 2 of the ICCPR.
The Optional Protocol required ten ratifications to come into force.
Reservations.
A number of parties have made reservations and interpretative declarations to their application of the Optional Protocol.
Austria does not recognise the jurisdiction of the HRC to consider complaints which have already been examined by the European Commission on Human Rights.
Chile, Croatia, El Salvador, France, Germany, Guatemala, Malta, Russia, Slovenia, Sri Lanka, and Turkey consider the Optional Protocol to only apply to complaints which arose after it entered into force for those countries.
Croatia, Denmark, France, Germany, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, Norway, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovenia, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Turkey and Uganda do not recognise the jurisdiction of the HRC to consider complaints which have already been considered under another international complaint procedure.
Germany and Turkey do not recognise the jurisdiction of the HRC to hear complaints resulting from Article 26 of the ICCPR, covering discrimination and equality before the law, except insofar as they relate to rights expressly affirmed in the Covenant.
Guyana and Trinidad and Tobago do not recognise the jurisdiction of the HRC to hear complaints relating to their use of the death penalty.
Venezuela does not recognise the competence of the HRC to hear complaints regarding in-absentia trials for offences against the republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20804811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804811" title="Vancouver Island Rising Tide">
Vancouver Island Rising Tide

""'
The Vancouver Island Rising Tide (formerly Vancouver Island Crimson Tide) are a Canadian rugby union team based in Victoria, British Columbia. The team plays in the Rugby Canada National Junior Championship and draws most of its players from the British Columbia Rugby Union.
The Tide play their "home" games at the Windsor Park in Victoria.
The team hold the record for winning the most MacTier Cups.
History.
In 1998, Rugby Canada and the provincial unions agreed to form the Rugby Canada Super League. Fourteen unions and sub-unions were invited to compete in the new semi-professional league. 
In 2009, Rugby Canada decided to disband the RCSL after 11 seasons of Super League play in Canada. The RCSL was replaced by the Rugby Canada National Junior Championship. The league contains many of the junior RCSL clubs.
Season-by-season records.
!rowspan="3"|Totals || 40 || 16 || 1
! 4 || 0 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20804816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804816" title="Doncaster Baseball Club">
Doncaster Baseball Club

The Doncaster Baseball Club, also known as the Doncaster Dragons is a baseball club based in Doncaster, Victoria and is the third largest club in Australia. 
The Dragons currently field 6 senior teams, 3 Women's teams and 6 junior teams in the Baseball Victoria Summer League.
In winter the Dragons field 3 Senior Men's teams and 4 Junior teams in the Melbourne Winter Baseball League
History.
The Doncaster Dragons Baseball Club was formed in 1974 with the merger of the Doncaster United Baseball Club and the former Doncaster Baseball Club. The Doncaster United Baseball Club was formed itself from the amalgamation of the Box Hill Baseball Club and Donvale Baseball Club some years prior. 
The club's first president was the late Charles Chasemore, he led the club from 1974-76.
On 9 December 2008 it was named Club of the Year by the Australian Baseball Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="20804824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804824" title="2008–09 Alaska Aces season">
2008–09 Alaska Aces season

The 2008–09 Alaska Aces season is the 23rd season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Awards and records.
Records.
"Note: Alaska Aces Records Only"

</doc>
<doc id="20804832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804832" title="John Butler Dight">
John Butler Dight

John Butler Dight (Butler) (c. 1760 – July 2, 1854) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1785 to 1793.
He was born in England, the son of Colonel Joshua Dight and Elizabeth Butler. and came to Nova Scotia in 1773. Dight served in the commissariat at Fort Cumberland. He later moved to Halifax where he established himself as a general merchant. He also served as a captain in the Halifax militia. In 1787, he married Ameliora Burgess Morden. In the 1790s, he changed his name to John Butler Butler when he inherited the estate of his uncle John Butler, a condition of the will. In 1792, he was named justice of the peace for Halifax County and, in 1804, he was named to the Nova Scotia Council. Butler served as a commissary in Wellington's army during the Peninsular War. He later settled in England but died at his property in Windsor, Nova Scotia during an extended visit to the province.

</doc>
<doc id="20804834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804834" title="John Finney">
John Finney

John Thornley Finney (born 1 May 1932) was the eighth Suffragan Bishop of Pontefract.
He was educated at Charterhouse and Hertford College, Oxford. Ordained in 1958, he began his career with curacies in Headington and Aylesbury and was then successively Rector of Tollerton, Vicar of St Margarets Aspley Adviser in Evangelism to the Bishop of Southwell and Nottingham and then Officer for the Decade of Evangelism before ascending to the Episcopate - a post he held from 1993 until 1998. An eminent author, in retirement he continues to minister, as an honorary assistant bishop within the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="20804838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804838" title="Maryna Bazhanova">
Maryna Bazhanova

Maryna Bazhanova (, born December 25, 1962) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played all five matches and scored 13 goals.
Four years later she was a member of the Unified Team which won the bronze medal. She played all five matches and scored 19 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20804857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804857" title="Pilawit'u">
Pilawit'u

Pilawit'u is a Bolivian lake located in Vacas Municipality, Arani Province, Cochabamba Department. The last four thousand years of environmental and vegetation change has been recently reconstructed from the lake sediments of Pilawit'u (Lake Challacaba)
The main tributaries of Pilawit'u are Chiwalaki, Challa Q'awa, Muña Mayu and Phaqcha Pata Mayu whose tributaries are T'utura Mayu, Phaqcha Pata and the Phaqcha River. Its surface area is .

</doc>
<doc id="20804858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804858" title="Vegard Braaten">
Vegard Braaten

Vegard Båtnes Braaten (born 30 June 1987 in Tromsø) is a Norwegian professional footballer playing for Adeccoligaen club Bodø/Glimt.
He grew up near Sørkjosen, with his twin brother and fellow footballer Thomas, and made his senior debut for Nordreisa at the age of fourteen. He joined Tippeligaen side Tromsø in 2004. He only got three league games for the club, played mainly on the reserve team, and was loaned out to Tromsdalen and Alta. In December 2008 both Thomas and Vegard Braaten were signed by Alta on a permanent basis.
In June 2010 he joined Lokeren. In December 2011 he joined Bodø/Glimt from 2012, together with his twin brother Thomas Braaten.

</doc>
<doc id="20804862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804862" title="The Truth About Pyecraft">
The Truth About Pyecraft

"The Truth About Pyecraft" is a British fantasy-comedy short story by H.G. Wells. It was originally published in "The Strand Magazine" (April 1903), and then included in the "Twelve Stories and a Dream" story collection, in 1903. It has been frequently reprinted.
Plot summary.
The repellently fat Mr. Pyecraft is a patron of a London club, who usually pesters Mr. Formalyn, to the point that the latter eventually decides to write Pyecraft's true story, for revealing an unbelievable, yet embarrassing, secret which is shared by both.
In the beginning of Formalyn's account, the rotund Pyecraft usually annoys him, with his boring stories and particularly about his obesity troubles. Eventually, Formalyn brings an occult weight-loss recipe of his Hindustani great-grandmother, and Pyecraft tries it for some time. Then, Pyecraft telegraphs Formalyn at the club, calling him to Pyecraft's house in Bloomsbury, where the housekeeper tells that Pyecraft has been cloistered in his own living room for the last twenty-four hours. There, he is found, as rounded as ever, floating helplessly in the air, against the ceiling. They conclude that the recipe has literally reduced his "weight", not his "fatness" (mass).
Formalyn assists with various ingenious devices and techniques to allow Pyecraft to traverse his room while floating. For example, Pyecraft gets down from the bookcase by taking out a couple of heavy tomes of the Encyclopædia Britannica. Some time later, it occurs to Formalyn that Pyecraft's garments could be stuffed with heavy lead pieces to keep him on the ground; he even remarks that Pyecraft could sail without fear of a shipwreck, for he could just hover ashore after removing some of the weight.
Pyecraft returns to the club with Formalyn's assistance, though without change to his porcine habits. Initially, the two of them agree to keep the embarrassing secret of Pyecraft's weightlessness, but the obsessive Pyecraft soon starts to annoy him too much.

</doc>
<doc id="20804864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804864" title="Giovanni Dolfin">
Giovanni Dolfin

Giovanni Dolfin, also known as Giovanni Delfino or Delfin (died July 12, 1361) was the fifty-seventh Doge of Venice, appointed on August 13, 1356. Despite his value as general, during his reign Venice lost Dalmatia. He was blind from one eye after a wound received in battle.
Biography.
He was born in Venice into a noble and wealthy family, and in his youth he fought for Venice. His family was allied with the Gradenigo, whose member Giovanni was doge before him. Dolfin was elected while defending Treviso, then besieged by Hungarian troops; he broke the encirclement and reached Venice to be enthroned.
In the war which had broken out under Dolfin's predecessor, Hungary had conquered Dalmatia and were pushing other Venetian colonies to revolt. The Venetian defeat at Nervesa in February 1358 forced the Republic to sue for peace, losing Dalmatia, Zara and Split, but maintaining their naval predominance in the Adriatic Sea as the King of Hungary accepted not to build a fleet of his own. Also in 1358–1359 Padua started to menace the Venetian trades on the Brenta River and forced the city to stop trading with Egypt. These events triggered an economical crisis in Venice, which ended only after the War of Chioggia, in 1382. He was interred in the Basilica di San Giovanni e Paolo, a traditional burial place of the doges. 

</doc>
<doc id="20804884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804884" title="Asiru Qucha (Bolivia)">
Asiru Qucha (Bolivia)

Asiru Qucha (Aymara "asiru" snake, Quechua "qucha" lake, hispanicized spellings "Acero Cocha, Acero Khocha, Acero Q'ocha") is a Bolivian lake located in the Vacas Municipality, Arani Province, Cochabamba Department.
The main tributaries of Asiru Qucha are Asiru Qucha River, Chillawi P'ujru, Inka Mayu with Q'asa Mayu, Uqullu Mayu, and Pisqu Mayu. Its surface area is .

</doc>
<doc id="20804888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804888" title="Ted Haworth">
Ted Haworth

Ted Haworth (26 September 1917 – 18 February 1993) was an American production designer and art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated five more times in the category Best Art Direction.
He is the father of production designer Sean Haworth and pop artist Jann Haworth.
Selected filmography.
Haworth won an Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for five more:

</doc>
<doc id="20804899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804899" title="Hungary–North Korea relations">
Hungary–North Korea relations

Hungary–North Korea relations are foreign relations between Hungary and North Korea. Relations between the two countries existed since the Korean War, but however have evolved into conflicts.
History.
Following the Korean War, North Korea sent a number of its veterans to Hungary as exchange students. When the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 began, roughly 200 of these students joined in; their war experience proved to be of aid to the Hungarian students, many of whom lacked military training and could not operate the weapons and equipment they captured. In the aftermath of the revolution, Soviet forces and Hungarian police gathered up the North Korean students—easily distinguished from locals by their appearance—and deported them back to North Korea. Four escaped to Austria; columnist and language enthusiast Barry Farber helped one of them gain refugee status in the United States with the intervention of broadcaster Tex McCrary and Congressman Francis E. Walter.
In 1988, Kim Jong-il's brother Kim Pyong-il was assigned to Hungary as North Korea's ambassador. However, little more than a year later, Hungary would become the first Eastern Bloc nation to open relations with South Korea; in response, North Korea withdrew Kim from Hungary and sent him to Bulgaria instead. They angrily referred to the Hungarian decision as a "betrayal", and then expelled the Hungarian envoy to Pyongyang, 
Miklós Lengyel. This led to a downturn in bilateral ties which lasted over a decade-and-a-half; in a 2004 interview with "The Korea Herald", then-deputy State Secretary Gábor Szentiványi indicated that his government were interested in improving their relations with the North. However, as of 2009, the former Hungarian embassy building in Pyongyang remained empty; Budapest's relations with Pyongyang are handled through their embassy in Beijing, though according to Lengyel, who since became Hungary's ambassador to South Korea, there were plans of transferring the responsibility for that relationship to him.
In 2002, it emerged that a former North Korean diplomat in Budapest had been involved in international arms trafficking while in Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20804909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804909" title="Ephraim Dean">
Ephraim Dean

Ephraim Dean (October 17, 1734 – January 27, 1787) was a merchant, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Liverpool township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1785 to 1787.
He was born in Barnstable, Massachusetts, the son of Thomas Dean and Lydia Cole, and later settled in Liverpool, Nova Scotia. In 1760, he married Martha Atwood Young. Dean was engaged in the trade with the West Indies and New England and also owned sawmills in the region. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in a 1768 by-election held after Elisha Freeman's resignation but apparently never took his seat. At first sympathetic to the American cause, Dean returned to the United States around 1777 but later returned to Nova Scotia and commanded the privateer "Dreadnought". Dean served as a road commissioner for a road between Liverpool and Lunenburg. He died in Liverpool at the age of 53.

</doc>
<doc id="20804911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804911" title="Alaska Aces">
Alaska Aces

Alaska Aces may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20804913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804913" title="Hermann von dem Busche">
Hermann von dem Busche

Hermann von dem Busche (also Hermannus Buschius or Pasiphilus; 1468–1534) was a German humanist writer, known for his "Vallum humanitatis" (1518). He was a pupil of Rudolph von Langen. "Vallum humanitatis, sive Humaniorum litterarum contra obrectatores vindiciae" (1518) was in effect a manifesto for the humanist movement of the time. 
Life.
He was born at Sassenberg. He studied at Heidelberg, at Tübingen, and in Italy, where he became versed in Latin. Among his teachers were Alexander Hegius, Rodolphus Agricola, Pomponius Laetus, and Filippo Beroaldo. He moved back to Munster and the prince-bishop Heinrich von Schwarzburg, but decided to become a jurist and went to study in Cologne. He was dismissed from teaching posts, in Leipzig (1505) and Erfurt (1507).
He became involved in controversy in 1509 around Ortwin, a conservative figure of the older generation, with whom he had clashed over textbooks, wanting to use Aelius Donatus. He has been thought to be one of the authors of the "Epistolae Obscurorum Virorum", an anonymous work that includes satirical attacks on Ortwin; but this is not now generally agreed.
He joined the leaders of the Reformation, was a friend of Ulrich von Hutten, and in 1527 was appointed first professor of classical literature at the University of Marburg, founded in that year by Landgrave Philip the Magnanimous.
In addition to "Vallum Humanitatis", a defense of humanistic studies, he wrote three books of epigrams, and other works.

</doc>
<doc id="20804922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804922" title="Crown Assets Distribution">
Crown Assets Distribution

The Crown Assets Distribution (CAD) handles moveable Crown assets that a federal department or agency has declared as surplus.
The Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) operates eight Crown Assets Distribution Centres (CADC) located across the country which manage the disposal of moveable federal government surplus material. Acting as the Government of Canada's agent, PWGSC provides client departments with a disposal service through direct sales or through the management of contracts with service providers.
History.
In 1944, the Government of Canada created the War Assets Corporation, which was subsequently renamed the Crown Assets Disposal Corporation. In 1984, the activities and staff of the Corporation were integrated into the Department of Supply and Services. The organization became known as the Crown Assets Distribution Service Line and has continued its functions within Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC).
Its mandate is to manage the surplus moveable assets disposal program for the government, providing quality service to clients while obtaining best value for the Crown. The legislative base for its operations is the Surplus Crown Assets Act along with the Treasury Board Policy on the Disposal of Surplus Moveable Crown Assets. With a few exceptions, the legislation and policy require PWGSC to manage the disposal of surplus assets on behalf of federal organizations.
For over 60 years, CADCs have been involved in the direct sale of surplus materiel ranging from ships and cars to furniture and clothing, as well as seized goods on behalf of federal government departments and agencies.
Surplus assets are sold directly by CAD or through contracted service providers. Many assets are sold through public sales that attract thousands of buyers, and, in some cases, sales are conducted at CADC warehouses located in Montreal, Halifax and Ottawa.
In addition, many transactions also take place through the CAD Web site, where each item is listed and described, often accompanied by a photo. The site receives over 50,000 visitors per month.
CADCs also act as agents for foreign governments in the sale of their surplus assets located in Canada and have working arrangements with certain European governments for disposal of Canadian military surplus located in their countries.
The process.
Departments or federal bodies notify CAD of their surplus assets by filling out a Report of Surplus form and sending it to the nearest CADC. CAD then handles all aspects of asset disposal from start to finish.
The process can include: organizing sales of assets; arranging for viewing of assets; conducting sales; evaluating bids; receiving money; handling all sales-related inquiries; and returning net proceeds to clients. This type of all-inclusive service offers clients convenience, reliability, knowledge, prudence, probity, public accessibility, integrity of process and years of experience.
Once the item is sold, the client receives the net proceeds from the sale and a transaction report.
About donations.
The Treasuryto Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20804931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804931" title="Jerusalem Foundation">
Jerusalem Foundation

The Jerusalem Foundation (, "HaKeren LiYerushalayim") is a nonprofit foundation that promotes the development of the city of Jerusalem, Israel by raising funds for social, cultural and beautification projects. Established in 1966 by Jerusalem mayor Teddy Kollek, it has contributed hundreds of millions of dollars to the city's budget and established parks, gardens, forests, recreational sites, theaters, and museums; restored ancient sites, synagogues, mosques, and churches; funded community and social centers, preschool centers, and health clinics; and sponsored archeological excavations, scholarships, and cultural events. The Jerusalem Foundation is unique in its structure and mission, as it funds municipal projects with private donations from international sources.
History.
When Kollek became mayor of Jerusalem in 1965, it was a divided city, separated into Arab and Jewish sectors as a result of the 1949 Armistice Agreements. One of Kollek's objectives for The Jerusalem Foundation was to use it to build world Jewry's support for the development of Jewish Jerusalem. At the same time, the city suffered from poverty and overcrowding, with much of the population living in housing projects. Hardly any neighborhoods had a park or playground. The Jerusalem Foundation's first initiative was the establishment of public parks in a few of the city's poorest neighborhoods, with funds donated by New York supporters. Since its inception, the Foundation has furnished playgrounds and flower gardens for nearly every Jerusalem neighborhood, contributing 350 out of the more than 1,000 parks, gardens and green spaces in the city.
Politically, Kollek viewed the Foundation as a tool for pushing projects past a city council that was unable or unwilling to support them. Kollek also leveraged matching funds from the municipality, government ministries, and non-governmental organizations for Foundation projects.
While the Foundation is chaired by the mayor of Jerusalem, it is independent of the Finance Ministry and state-related charities such as the Jewish Agency and World Zionist Organization. From the donors' point of view, this means more transparency for their contributions. Unlike state-sponsored charities like the United Jewish Appeal, for example, in which donations are funneled directly into Finance Ministry coffers, donors know exactly what they are supporting with their contributions to The Jerusalem Foundation. This transparency has given the name to such projects as the Tisch Family Zoological Gardens, the Walter and Elise Haas Promenade, the Vivienne and Maurice Wohl Rose Park, and the Rebecca Crown Auditorium and Henry Crown Symphony Hall at the Jerusalem Theater, among many others.
The Jerusalem Foundation became a model for the Tel Aviv Foundation, which Tel Aviv mayor Shlomo Lahat established in 1977 upon the advice of Kollek. Similar models have been established by other Israeli cities.
Organizational structure.
The organizational structure of The Jerusalem Foundation includes a General Assembly staffed by leading business and academic figures in Jerusalem and around the world. The General Assembly meets biannually to discuss the financial outlays and work plan of the Foundation. It also elects the members of the Board of Directors, which convenes every four to six weeks to supervise activities in the areas of overseas/fundraising, projects, technical and finance.
The Jerusalem Foundation is politically unaffiliated. Based in Jerusalem, it maintains fund-raising desks in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Spain, Italy and Canada. It holds regular fundraising events in major Jewish centers. It has awarded its Teddy Kollek Award annually since 1999 to those who have "made outstanding contributions to advancing the social, cultural, educational, and physical development of the city of Jerusalem".
Founding president Ruth Cheshin served in this capacity from 1966 to 2011. She was succeeded in October 2011 by Mark Sofer, a former Israeli ambassador to Ireland and India. The present mayor of Jerusalem, Nir Barkat, is an honorary chairman of The Jerusalem Foundation, and Israeli politician Sallai Meridor is the international chairman.
Revenues.
Between 1966 and 1980, revenue from The Jerusalem Foundation accounted for 16 to 20 percent of the municipal budget. Between 1966 and 1991, The Jerusalem Foundation contributed $245 million to the city's development. Between 1991 and 1996, its income from contributions was estimated at $20 million per year. In the early 2000s, this figure increased to $30 million per year. In 2011 revenue was $25 million.
The Jerusalem Foundation's 2010 annual report stated that it has raised over $800 million between 1966 and 2010.
Projects.
As of 2012 The Jerusalem Foundation has funded over 2,000 projects. It has built many gardens, parks and woodlands throughout the city, as well as recreational sites. It has sponsored restorations of ancient and historic sites – notably the Jewish Quarter in the Old City – and renovated synagogues, mosques, and churches. It has funded community and social centers, preschool centers, and health clinics; provided studios and housing for visiting artists and intellectuals; and sponsored archeological excavations, scholarships, artists workshops, and a wide variety of cultural events.
The Jerusalem Foundation has also contributed to Arab neighborhoods, though not to the same extent as Jewish ones. As mayor, Kollek often solicited overseas donors through The Jerusalem Foundation to pay for projects in the Arab sector that the city could not sponsor and the national government refused to fund. The Jerusalem Foundation sponsored the Sheikh Jarrah Health Centre, "a Beit Hanina sports field, playgrounds in several Arab neighborhoods, and improvements at Abdallah Ibn Hussein Technology School, which enabled the school to become an accredited technical college". It also sponsored , which promotes coexistence between Jews and Arabs.

</doc>
<doc id="20804942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804942" title="Robert Priestley">
Robert Priestley

Robert Priestley (June 12, 1901 – November 27, 1986) was an American set decorator. He won two Academy Awards and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Priestley won two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20804945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804945" title="Parc botanique de la Tour Vieille">
Parc botanique de la Tour Vieille

The Parc botanique de la Tour Vieille is a municipal park with botanical collections, located at the Hôtel de Ville in Alès, Gard, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. It is open daily without charge.
The park was created by an amateur landscaper, but abandoned for some years before its acquisition by the city in 1973. The city then rehabilitated its grounds, as well as its greenhouse and eponymous old tower, and in 1981 opened it to the public. In 1990 its first botanical inventory identified 200 species and varieties of plants; there are now over 700. The park also contains a miniature golf facility.

</doc>
<doc id="20804958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804958" title="Tatyana Dzhandzhgava">
Tatyana Dzhandzhgava

Tatyana Dzhandzhgava (née "Shalimova", , , born February 25, 1964) is a Kazakhstani and Russian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics, for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and for Austria in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Atbasar.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played all five matches as goalkeeper.
Four years later she was a member of the Unified Team which won the bronze medal. She played all five matches as goalkeeper.
At the 2000 Games she finished fifth with the Austrian team in the Olympic tournament. She played five matches and scored one goal as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20804959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804959" title="José Luis Osorio">
José Luis Osorio

Club career.
Osorio previously played for UNAM Pumas in the Primera División de México, making three substitute appearances during the Invierno 1999 and Verano 2000 tournaments.
International career.
Osorio played for Mexico at the 1997 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20804972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804972" title="Boherbue">
Boherbue

Boherbue, () sometimes wrongly spelled by its former Anglicisation Boherboy is a village in North West County Cork, Ireland. It is in the barony of Duhallow. Local children are educated at Boherbue Comprehensive School which lies to the east of the village and has approximately 35 teachers and 300 pupils.
Transport and Communications.
Boherbue lies on the R577 road, linking Tralee and Mallow.
Sport.
Boherbue's main sport is Gaelic Football represented by Boherbue GAA club with the football field situated in Gneeves at the western end of the village on the Knocknagree road. (L1108)
Handball is also played in Boherbue.

</doc>
<doc id="20804973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804973" title="Ralph Carey Geer">
Ralph Carey Geer

Ralph Carey Geer (March 13, 1816 – January 9, 1895) was an American farmer and politician in what became the state of Oregon. A native of Connecticut, he lived in Ohio and Illinois before taking the Oregon Trail west to Oregon where he started a nursery and later raised livestock and grew flax. At times a Republican and later a Democrat, he served in the Oregon House of Representatives and as the clerk for the county. He was related to both Homer Davenport and T. T. Geer.
Early life.
Ralph Geer was born in Windham County, Connecticut, on March 13, 1816, to Joseph Carey Geer, Sr. and Mary Johnson Geer. The family moved to Madison County, Ohio, when he was still a boy. On January 8, 1837, he married Mary Catherine Willard there, and they had five children. Geer and his wife moved west to Farmington in Knox County, Illinois, after they were married and lived there for ten years. In 1847, Geer and his family immigrated to the Oregon Country over the Oregon Trail.
Geer settled east of Salem in the Waldo Hills and began building a nursery using seedlings he carried with him over the Oregon Trail. His nursery started with pears and apples. In 1848, during the Cayuse War against Native Americans in retaliation for the Whitman Massacre, Geer served as captain of a company of men protecting the Willamette Valley. In March, he led those troops into battle at the Battle of Abiqua Creek. Also that year he worked as a teacher. Geer imported English sheep to Oregon in 1858 and later became an early farmer of flax in the Willamette Valley.
Political career.
In 1854, he was elected to the Oregon Territorial Legislature to represent Marion County. He served during the 1854 to 1855 session in the lower House of Representatives. In July 1868, he was elected to the office of county clerk for Marion County. Geer served in that office for a single term, leaving in June 1870. Originally a Republican, he later switched party affiliations to the Democratic Party.
Later years and family.
Ralph Geer was the uncle of Oregon Governor Theodore Thurston Geer. He was also the grandfather of political cartoonist Homer Davenport. Ralph Carey Geer died in the Waldo Hills on January 9, 1895, at the age of 79 and was buried at Mt. Hope Pioneer Cemetery east of Salem in the Waldo Hills. Geer's house, still located on his original Donation Land Claim is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the R. C. Geer Farmhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20804982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804982" title="Walter M. Simonds">
Walter M. Simonds

Walter M. Simonds was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Marty".

</doc>
<doc id="20804983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804983" title="Petter Pettersson, Jr.">
Petter Pettersson, Jr.

Petter Pettersson, Jr. (19 May 1911 - 1984) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Møre og Romsdal during the terms 1954–1957, 1961–1965, 1965–1969 and 1969–1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20804995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20804995" title="Calle de Alcalá">
Calle de Alcalá

Calle de Alcalá is the longest street in Madrid. It starts at the Puerta del Sol and goes on for 10.5 km, to the northeastern outskirts of the city. Henry David Inglis described it in 1837 as "long, of superb width, and flanked by a splendid range of unequal buildings". Calle de Alcalá is one of the oldest streets in the city. It was the old road which led to the city of Alcalá de Henares (from which it takes the name) and continued to Aragón; today, this route is covered by the A-2 motorway. Along this street it is possible to find landmarks such as Banco Bilbao Vizcaya at number 16, the former Alcalá 20 discothèque at number 20, Edificio Metrópolis, Círculo de Bellas Artes, Plaza de Cibeles, Puerta de Alcalá, the Spanish Ministry of Education, the Instituto Cervantes HQ building, the Bank of Spain building, Parque del Buen Retiro and Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas.
In popular culture.
"Por la calle de Alcalá" was a popular "cuplé" describing a florist selling tuberoses (polianthes tuberosa) on the street.

</doc>
<doc id="20805024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805024" title="Nataliya Rusnachenko">
Nataliya Rusnachenko

Nataliya Rusnachenko (, born May 13, 1969) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for Austria in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Kiev.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played one match as goalkeeper.
Four years later she was a member of the Austria team which finished fifth in the 1992 Olympic tournament. She played three matches as goalkeeper.
At the 2000 Games she finished fifth with the Austrian team in the Olympic tournament. She played all seven matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20805046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805046" title="William Flannery">
William Flannery

William Edward Flannery (November 17, 1898 – January 25, 1959) was an American art director and architect for William Randolph Hearst. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Picnic".
As an architect his projects included a beachside mansion for Hearst's girlfriend Marion Davies. The main mansion was demolished, but part of the property survives as the Annenberg Community Beach House. 
Flannery married silent film actress Mary Mercedes Campbell and they had a son Patrick John, born in 1927.
During the Great Depression he became an art director. 

</doc>
<doc id="20805048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805048" title="Juan Carlos Reyes (Uruguayan footballer)">
Juan Carlos Reyes (Uruguayan footballer)

Juan Carlos Reyes Braun (born 15 October 1976) is a retired Uruguayan footballer, who last played for Juventud Independiente. He participated in the 3rd season of Bailando por un Sueño El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="20805054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805054" title="Robert Paris">
Robert Paris

Rob Paris (born 19 June 1978) is an Anguillan football player who currently plays for Burnham in the Southern Football League Division One South & West.
Club career.
Paris played for several English non-League football teams; since 2005 he plays for Hampton & Richmond. In 2011 he joined Eton Wick FC in the East Berks Premier Division, he was ever present throughout the season but was left on the subs bench for the 2012 Maidenhead Nofolkian's Senior Cup Final. A few weeks later he was named on the subs bench for the East Berks League Cup Final but walked out of the ground in protest and never played for the club again.
International career.
Paris made his debut for Anguilla in a World Cup qualification match against El Salvador in February 2008. He also played in the return match, his only two caps by December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20805065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805065" title="Elina Guseva">
Elina Guseva

Elina Guseva (, , born January 20, 1964) is an Azerbaijani and later Russian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played one match and scored one goal.
Four years later she was a member of the Unified Team which won the bronze medal. She played all five matches and scored 14 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20805070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805070" title="Howard Masterman">
Howard Masterman

Masterman was the grandson of William Brodie Gurney (and a distant relation to Elizabeth Fry through him) and the brother of the Liberal MP C.F.G. Masterman. He was the husband of Theresa and father of Cyril Masterman OBE. 
Masterman was educated at University College School and St John's College, Cambridge. He was a distinguished academic and held incumbencies at St Aubyn's Church, Devonport and St Mary-le-Bow in the City of London before his ordination to the episcopate in 1923, a position he held until his death 10 years later. His hymn, "Almighty Father, who dost give", was included in The Australian Hymn Book, 1977, no.541, set to the tune "Vermont" by the Australian composer, Alfred Ernest Floyd.

</doc>
<doc id="20805079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805079" title="War chief">
War chief

War chief can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20805081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805081" title="Barry Railway Class H">
Barry Railway Class H

The Barry Railway class H was a small class of seven 0-8-2T tank locomotives built for the Barry Railway by Sharp Stewart in 1896. When they were introduced they were the first locomotives in Britain to use the 0-8-2 wheel arrangement.
History.
When the Barry Railway had need of some powerful locomotives to power coal trains on the Vale of Glamorgan Line it turned to Sharp Stewart, who had supplied most of the locos on the railway, for a suitable engine. The result was the Class H 0-8-2T, which had small driving wheels to give a high tractive effort, and were heavy (for the time) giving good braking. Seven locomotives were delivered in 1896, and numbered 79–85, the numbers being carried on an oval plate attached to the side tanks. Once delivered however, the Class H locos were employed in hauling heavy coal trains between Barry Docks and the large yard at Cadoxton, and in this way they spent their working lives.
With the grouping in 1922, the Barry Railway became part of the Great Western Railway which renumbered the locos 1380–1386, placing the new numbers on the bunker behind the cab door, and designating them 1380 class in the GWR records. Improvements were made to numbers 1380 and 1383 at Swindon Works including GW pattern safety bonnets, enlarged bunkers, new buffers and an extended smokebox, the changes adding an extra ton to the loco weight. At the same time the boiler pressure on these two locos was raised by with the tractive effort also being increased appropriately. Despite this the locos were non-standard in GWR terms, and were all scrapped between 1925 and 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="20805091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805091" title="Giorgio Porreca">
Giorgio Porreca

Giorgio Porreca (Naples, 30 August 1927 – 5 January 1988) was an Italian chess player and International Master. 
He won the Italian Chess Championship two times: at Sorrento in 1950 and at Rovigo in 1956. He was seven times winner the Italian correspondence championship in the period from 1957 to 1973 (no other Italian player equalled this feat). He played for Italy in three Olympiads: at Dubrovnik 1950 (3rd board), Helsinki 1952 (1st board) and Amsterdam 1954 (2nd board) with the overall result of (+ 17 – 11 = 15). Twice winner with the Genoa team of the Italian club championship. 
Porreca had a deep knowledge of chess theory and wrote many books on the subject that were popular in Italy. He had a university degree in Russian language and Russian literature and translated into Italian many Russian chess books. He founded and directed until his death the Italian chess magazine "Scacco!", published in Santa Maria Capua Vetere, a town near Naples. He was a lover and expert of endgame studies, editing for many years the special section on studies of the magazine "Scacco!".

</doc>
<doc id="20805093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805093" title="Semantic matching">
Semantic matching

Semantic matching is a technique used in Computer Science to identify information which is semantically related.
Given any two graph-like structures, e.g. classifications, database or XML schemas and ontologies, matching is an operator which identifies those nodes in the two structures which semantically correspond to one another. For example, applied to file systems it can identify that a folder labeled “car” is semantically equivalent to another folder “automobile” because they are synonyms in English. This information can be taken from a linguistic resource like WordNet.
In the recent years many of them has been offered. A good survey is represented by [http://eprints.biblio.unitn.it/archive/00000531/01/015.pdf S-Match is a good example of semantic matching operator. It works on lightweight ontologies, namely graph structures where each node is labeled by a natural language sentence, for example in English. These sentences are translated into a formal logical formula (according to an artificial unambiguous language) codifying the meaning of the node taking into account its position in the graph. For example, in case the folder “car” is under another folder “red” we can say that the meaning of the folder “car” is “red car” in this case. This is translated into the logical formula “red AND car”.
The output of S-Match is a set of semantic correspondences called mappings attached with one of the following semantic relations: disjointness (⊥), equivalence (≡), more specific (⊑) and less specific (⊒). In our example the algorithm will return a mapping between ”car” and ”automobile” attached with an equivalence relation. Information semantically matched can also be used as a measure of relevance through a mapping of near-term relationships. Such use of S-Match technology is prevalent in the career space where it is used to gauge depth of skills through relational mapping of information found in applicant resumes. 
Semantic matching represents a fundamental technique in many applications in areas such as resource discovery, data integration, data migration, query translation, peer to peer networks, agent communication, schema and ontology merging. It using is also being investigated in other areas such as event processing. In fact, it has been proposed as a valid solution to the semantic heterogeneity problem, namely managing the diversity in knowledge. Interoperability among people of different cultures and languages, having different viewpoints and using different terminology has always been a huge problem. Especially with the advent of the Web and the consequential information explosion, the problem seems to be emphasized. People face the concrete problem to retrieve, disambiguate and integrate information coming from a wide variety of sources.

</doc>
<doc id="20805097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805097" title="John Day, Jr.">
John Day, Jr.

John Day (died November 18, 1792) was a soldier and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Newport township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1785 to 1791.
He was the son of John Day and Henrietta Maria Cottnam. Day served as an officer in the 84th, 16th and 96th Regiments of Foot. Day was sheriff for Hants County from 1790 until his death in Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="20805100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805100" title="Tetyana Horb">
Tetyana Horb

Tetyana Horb (, born November 18, 1965) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played all five matches and scored ten goals.
Four years later she was a member of the Unified Team which won the bronze medal. She played all five matches and scored 14 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20805104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805104" title="A. E. Goodwin">
A. E. Goodwin

AE Goodwin was an Australian heavy engineering firm, which produced railway locomotives and rolling stock, as well as roadmaking machinery at their factory in Auburn.
The company was the Australian licence holder for American Locomotive Company (Alco) products, building over 400 diesel locomotives between December 1955 and November 1972. In 1961 the company was taken over by household appliance manufacturer AG Healing. AE Goodwin collapsed in November 1972 part way through constructing the 442 class with the contract completed by Comeng who acquired the Alco licence.
Production.
Diesel locomotives manufactured included:
 27 built in total by AE Goodwin and Comeng, split unkno.

</doc>
<doc id="20805119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805119" title="Natalya Lapitskaya">
Natalya Lapitskaya

Natalya Lapitskaya (, born August 12, 1962) is a Russian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played all five matches and scored 17 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20805122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805122" title="Rodney Strasser">
Rodney Strasser

Rodney Strasser (born 30 March 1990) is a Sierra Leonean professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Italian Serie B club Reggina on loan from Genoa.
Club career.
Born in Freetown, Strasser began his career at local club Kallon, before moving to Italy to join Milan in 2007. During his time in Milan's youth system, he was a member of the under-20 side, who won the 2009–10 Coppa Italia Primavera. He made his first-team debut on 21 December 2008, in a 5–1 win against Udinese, coming on as a substitute for Kakha Kaladze in the 82nd minute.
At the beginning of the 2010–11 season, Milan announced that half of the rights to Strasser had been purchased by Genoa for €2.25 million, as part of the deal that saw defender Sokratis Papastathopoulos move to Milan. However, Strasser would stay at Milan on loan, joining the first-team squad permanently. His first appearance of the season was in a UEFA Champions League group stage 2–0 win against Auxerre — which also marked his debut in European club competition – on 23 November. He went on to score his first professional goal in a 1–0 league win over Cagliari, on 6 January.
Before the start of the 2011–12 season, his co-ownership was dissolved in favour of Milan for the same price and renewed his contract to June 2016 (with Papastathopoulos moved back to Genoa), but Strasser subsequently joined Lecce on loan. He appeared in 13 games and scored one goal for his new team, before suffering a broken ankle in a game against Juventus on 9 January and subsequently being called back to Milan to undergo rehabilitation. He made his return on 10 April, comining on as a substitute in the second half of a game against Chievo, which Milan won 1–0. At the start of the following season, Strasser sustained another injury which would rule him out for three months. After recovering he struggled to get playing time, making only one Coppa Italia appearance before being loaned out to Parma during the January transfer window.
At the beginning of the 2013–14 campaign, Strasser joined Genoa on a permanent deal, as part of Kevin Constant's co-ownership resolution in favour of Milan. He was loaned out to Serie B team Reggina in August 2013.
International career.
Strasser made his international debut for the Sierra Leonean national team on 5 September 2010, in a 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification game against Egypt.
Career statistics.
Club.
1European competitions include the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Cup.
2Other tournaments include none to date.

</doc>
<doc id="20805125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805125" title="Amunda">
Amunda

Amunda are a rock band from Alice Springs formed in 1985. The band's name is based on Mbantua, the Arrernte word for meeting place, which is associated with the spring at Heavitree Gap in the MacDonnell Ranges at Alice Springs.
In 1992 they played at the Adelaide Fringe Festival, in 1995 the Port Fairy Folk Festival and in 1996 the band played at the Adelaide and Sydney legs of the Big Day Out. They have supported bands including Cruel Sea, Weddings Parties Anything, Ed Kuepper and Things of Stone and Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="20805129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805129" title="Quartetto di Cremona">
Quartetto di Cremona

The Quartetto di Cremona () is an Italian string quartet founded in Cremona and considered one of the best of its generation.
Origins and activities.
The most recent incarnation of the quartet was formed in the year 2000, while studying at the Walter Stauffer Academy in Cremona with Salvatore Accardo, Rocco Filippini, and Bruno Giuranna. The ensemble, with the current members since 2002, continued their studies with Piero Farulli of the Quartetto Italiano at the Music School of Fiesole and with Hatto Beyerle of the Alban Berg Quartet. The group have since made a name for itself as one of the most interesting chamber ensembles on the international scene.
It has performed at major international festivals in Europe, South America, Australia and the United States such as the Beethovenfest in Bonn, Bozar Festival in Brussels, Festival of Turku, Kammermusik Gemeinde in Hannover, Perth Festival in Australia, and in the most prestigious concert halls all over the world such as the Konzerthaus in Berlin, Wigmore Hall in London, Barge Music in New York, and Beethovenhaus in Bonn.
Since 2011 Quartetto di Cremona has been Artist-in-residence at the Società del Quartetto in Milan for projects which include concerts and collaborations that will culminate in 2014 with the complete performance of the Beethoven quartets, to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the institution. Beginning in 2012 the ensemble will also be Artist-in-residence at the Academy of Santa Cecilia in Rome.
International critics have noted the artistic and interpretative qualities of the Quartetto di Cremona. Following a concert at the Wigmore Hall, the British magazine The Strad wrote "Dynamic contouring was as sleek and elegant as an Armani suit, and it tailored the music to perfection." In Australia, the quartet was acclaimed as the "glory of the Perth Festival" and the Süddeutsche Zeitung described them as “one of the most exciting quartets of the current generation.”
Radio and television stations around the world (such as RAI, WDR, BBC, VRT, SDR, ABC) regularly broadcast the Quartetto di Cremona concerts in repertoire ranging from the early works of Haydn to contemporary music, particularly works of Fabio Vacchi, Lorenzo Ferrero, Helmut Lachenmann, and Silvia Colasanti. The group collaborates with world renowned artists such as Bruno Giuranna, Massimo Quarta, Enrico Dindo, Carbonare Alessandro, Andrea Lucchesini, Pietro de Maria, Angela Hewitt, Ivo Pogorelich, Lilya Zilberstein, Cédric Tiberghien, and Pieter Wispelwey.
An important part of the activity is teaching master classes throughout Europe. In autumn 2011 the quartet was appointed to the Chair of the String quartet program at the Walter Stauffer Academy in Cremona.
Notable recordings include the complete string quartets by Fabio Vacchi, which were released in April 2011 by Decca, and in the next few years they will record the complete string quartets by Beethoven for the German label Audite.
The Quartetto di Cremona was chosen for a project by "The Friends of Stradivari" society in order to promote and develop the knowledge of Cremona art of making stringed instruments, a project that they will also bring to the United States.
The violinist Paolo Andreoli plays a beautiful violin made by Giovanni Battista Guadagnini in 1737, arranged through the society.

</doc>
<doc id="20805142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805142" title="Svitlana Mankova">
Svitlana Mankova

Svitlana Mankova (, born December 1, 1962) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played three matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20805154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805154" title="Záviš Kalandra">
Záviš Kalandra

Záviš Kalandra (10 November 1902 - 27 June 1950) was a Czechoslovak historian and theorist of literature executed by Communists on charges of conspiracy and treason. 
He was born in Frenštát pod Radhoštěm. He studied philosophy at the Charles University in Prague and then in Berlin. In 1923 he entered the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia, but he was excommunicated due to his criticism of Stalin's policy. He was arrested by the Gestapo in 1939 and he was imprisoned until 1945 in various concentration camps. After the war he was branded as trotskyist and accused of being the member of a supposed plot to overthrow the Communist regime. He was sentenced to death along with his co-defendants Milada Horáková, Jan Buchal and Oldřich Pecl on 8 June 1950, and executed. 

</doc>
<doc id="20805170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805170" title="Nataliya Matryuk">
Nataliya Matryuk

Nataliya Matryuk (, born November 26, 1959) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played four matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20805176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805176" title="Aizumisato, Fukushima">
Aizumisato, Fukushima

As of November 1, 2008, the town has a population of 23,588. The area is 276.37 km².
On October 1, 2005 Aizumisato was created with the merger of the two towns of Aizutakada and Aizuhongō and the village of Niitsuru, all from Ōnuma District.
Transportation.
Three railway stations have their addresses in Aizmisato. They are Aizu Hongō, Aizu Takada and Negishi Stations. All are on the Tadami Line of the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
The Ban-etsu Expressway passes through the town, and its Niitsuru Parking Area lies within the boundaries. It operates as a smart interchange. Route 401 links Aizumisato to the neighboring city of Aizuwakamatsu. Several prefectural roads also provide transportation.
Sister-city relationships.
Aizumisato has a sister-city relationship with the town of Naraha, also in Fukushima Prefecture. This is a renewal of the relationship Niitsuru had with Naraha prior to the merger.

</doc>
<doc id="20805183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805183" title="Tied Up">
Tied Up

"Tied Up" was one of two new songs recorded for the 1982 (Double Platinum) greatest hits package titled "Olivia's Greatest Hits Vol. 2" the song was the second single released from the album following "Heart Attack" (US #3) the other new track recorded for the package. "Tied Up" did not do quite as well as "Heart Attack" reaching #38 on the US "Billboard" singles chart. The song also features Tom Scott on horns who also was the opening act for Olivia's 1982 "Physical" World Tour.
Notes.
White Label promotional copy same track repeats on both sides.
Also has catalog # MCA-52155 on label.
Produced For buffalo Music.
Management Roger Davies.
From the MCA LP, MCA-5347, "Olivia's Greatest Hits Vol. 2"

</doc>
<doc id="20805191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805191" title="Philip Marchington">
Philip Marchington

Philip Marchington (28 Oct 1736 – November 2, 1808) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1786 to 1793. Philip was born in Chapel-en-le-Frith in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, England. The son of Henry Marchington, Yeoman. Philip was baptized on the 28 Oct 1736, by Dr.James Clegg of Chinley Independent Chapel. Being one of the first Independent Chapels in England.
He was a United Empire Loyalist from Pennsylvania who came to Halifax in 1784. At one time a leader of the Methodist church in the province, he built a church on his property but, after a quarrel with other members of the congregation, he locked them out of the church. Marchington was elected to the provincial assembly after Christopher Harper was unseated because he was not a resident of Nova Scotia. He died in Halifax at the age of 72.

</doc>
<doc id="20805201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805201" title="Natalya Morskova">
Natalya Morskova

Natalya Morskova (, born January 17, 1966) is a Russian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played all five matches and scored 25 goals.
Four years later she was a member of the Unified Team which won the bronze medal. She played all five matches and scored 41 goals.
She later represented Spain in international championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20805213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805213" title="A.G. Healing">
A.G. Healing

A.G. Healing was an Australian manufacturing firm founded in 1896 by Alfred George Healing. Initially producing bicycles, in 1912 it became a proprietary company, with 50 employees and 25,000 bicycles produced at the peak of production. The company diversified into the importation of radio receivers in 1933, but with the introduction of tariffs to imported goods, it moved to the production of their own radios. In 1956 the company commenced manufacturing television sets, refrigerators, and washing machines.
In 1959 the company sold the bicycle division to focus on domestic appliances, and took over heavy engineering firm A. E. Goodwin in 1961. In 1969 the company posted a loss of almost $24 million and went into receivership, recovering to some degree until failing in 1975, as Australia moved away from economic protectionism.

</doc>
<doc id="20805217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805217" title="Luke Rowe">
Luke Rowe

Luke Rowe (born 10 March 1990) is a Welsh racing cyclist who currently rides for .
Biography.
Born in Cardiff, Rowe began racing at a young age, initially riding with his parents on a tandem. He began to enjoy cycling and became a member of the Maindy Flyers, based at Maindy Stadium. As a junior he was a member of British Cycling's Olympic Development Programme, His brother Matt is also a racing cyclist, and his father, Courtney Rowe, coaches the Paralympian Simon Richardson.
Early career.
Rowe made his European debut as a member of the team pursuit squad who took the gold medal at the 2007 European Track Championships. He finished second in the 2008 European Road Race Championships, and won the Madison, along with Mark Christian, and the silver in the team pursuit at the 2008 European Track Championships.
Team Sky (2012–).
Rowe joined for the 2012 season as a neo-pro, having signed a two-year deal. He took his first professional victory in September 2012 by winning the opening stage of the Tour of Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20805226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805226" title="Olena Nemashkalo">
Olena Nemashkalo

Olena Nemashkalo (, born December 25, 1963) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played all five matches and scored eight goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20805236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805236" title="Kurt Franke">
Kurt Franke

Kurt Franke was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. He was also one of only 631 men to be awarded the very rare Close Combat Clasp in Gold.
Kurt Franke was born on the 13 May 1915, in Wurzen, Saxony.
In 1935 he volunteered to join the SS and in 1938 served in the concentration camp service of the SS until 1940 when he was transferred to the new SS Division SS "Totenkopf" as a platoon commander.
During the Battle of France Franke was awarded the Wound Badge and the Iron Cross 2nd class.
In 1941 Franke participated in the invasion of the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa), Franke now an Unterscharführer (The Waffen-SS use of Unterscharführer was as a junior squad commander, one of several attached to company and platoon sized formations. The rank was considered the equivalent to the first Waffen-SS Officer Candidate rank of SS-Junker), and was awarded the Eastern Front Medal for service on the Eastern Front during the 1941 to 1942 winter and the Demyansk Shield awarded to all troops involved in the battles for the Demyansk Pocket, thereafter he, along with the rest of the Division was withdrawn to France to recover.
Kurt Franke returned to the Eastern Front, for the Battle of Kharkov, where he was awarded the Iron Cross 1st class.
He was noticed by his superiors as a man to turn to in difficult situations and time after time was given missions to lead against the Soviet positions for which he was awarded the Close Combat Clasp in Bronze.
In August 1943 he was involved in the fighting on the Mius-Front where he was awarded the Close Combat Clasp in Silver, followed in October 1943 by the award of the Knight's Cross.
In January 1944, Franke was given the position of the Battalion Ordinance officer. In this capacity Franke on the 21 March gathered a command of store men, radio operators and drivers to cover a gap in the German front at Olgopol. A short time later he returned to command the 11th Company at Kotowsk and was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in April 1944. For his achievements as the Ordinance officer he was awarded the German Cross in Gold.
In December 1944, the "Totenkopf" was sent to Hungary, together with the "SS Wiking" Division. Franke and his company was selected to lead the Battalion in the coming fighting and on the 19 January 1945, he was mortally wounded and died in the Hospital.
Two months later when the reports of the fighting had been submitted Franke was given a posthumous award of the Close Combat Clasp in Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="20805239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805239" title="Olha Semenova">
Olha Semenova

Olha Semenova (, born October 6, 1964) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played three matches and scored six goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20805243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805243" title="Traian Crişan">
Traian Crişan

Traian Crişan (21 May 1918 – 6 November 1990) was a Romanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and served as Secretary Emeritus of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints as well being the Titular Bishop of Drivastum.
Born in Iara, Austria-Hungary (present-day Romania), Crişan was ordained as a Greek Catholic priest on 25 March 1945. On 7 December 1981 he was appointed to the Holy See as the Secretary of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints and given the title "Titular Bishop of Drivastum", going on to being ordained bishop on 6 January 1982.
Bishop Crişan died on 6 November 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20805262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805262" title="Brian Connor (footballer)">
Brian Connor (footballer)

Brian Connor (born 23 April 1969) is an Anguillan football player who latest played for Slough Town in the English Southern Football League Division One South & West.
Club career.
Connor played over 300 matches for Maidenhead United, then for Hampton & Richmond Borough before joining Slough Town in 2007.
International career.
Connor made his debut for Anguilla in a February 2008 World Cup qualification match against El Salvador, aged 38. He also played in the return match, his only two caps by December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20805263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805263" title="Yevheniya Tovstohan">
Yevheniya Tovstohan

Yevheniya Tovstohan (, born April 3, 1965) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played four matches and scored ten goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20805281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805281" title="James Michael Freke Bulkeley">
James Michael Freke Bulkeley

James Michael Freke Bulkeley (1761 – November 13, 1796) was a civil servant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Sydney County from 1786 to 1793 and Halifax County from 1793 to 1796 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was the son of Richard Bulkeley and Amy Rous. He succeeded his father as provincial secretary in the province's Council, serving from 1792 to 1796. Bulkeley died in office in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="20805288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805288" title="Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur">
Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur

Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur is a novella written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. It is one of the first published texts he wrote. This novella was published in book form after the famous "Le Procès-Verbal" (The Official Report), his first novel which won the Renaudot Prize in 1963. This novella was also included in a collection of short stories entitled "La fièvre" (The Fever), (pages 60 to 87).
Title in English.
"Le Jour où fit connaissance avec sa douleur" could be translated as "The Day Beaumont Became Acquainted with His Pain" or, "The Day Beaumont Got to Know Hs Pain".
Reviews.
There is a review in a blog called "The Valve", where this novella was mentioned as having piqued the author's interest because of an opening paragraph written in the same style as "Malone Meurt" "(Malone Dies)":
Publication history.
French magazine.
"Le jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur." Paris, page à page. Textes choisis et annotés par Pierre-Edmond Robert. (Texts selected and annotated by Pierre-Edmond Robert.) Hatier: Dider, Paris, 191p.e

</doc>
<doc id="20805307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805307" title="Barnet Burns">
Barnet Burns

Barnet Burns (November 1805 – 26 December 1860) was an English sailor, trader, and showman who became one of the first Europeans to live as a Pākehā Māori and to receive the full Māori facial tattoo. He travelled to Australia and found employment as a trader of flax in New Zealand in the 1830s. Burns returned to Europe in 1835 and spent most of his remaining years as a showman giving lectures, where he described the customs of the Māori, performed the haka, exhibited his Māori tattoos and recounted his adventures in New Zealand.
Early life.
It is likely that Barnet Burns was baptised in the parish of Kirkby Ireleth on 25 November 1805. His parents were likely George Burns (born 1770) and Anne (née Stewart).
At the age of 13 or 14 he became a cabin boy and ended up working for Louis Celeste Lecesne in Jamaica. When Lecesne travelled to England to petition parliament over his false arrest and exile,
Burns travelled with him. Under the patronage of Lecesne, Burns went to the Lancasterian school at Borough Road in London.
Burns again set sail in 1827 on the brig "Wilna" and arrived at Rio de Janeiro. Following a dispute between the Captain and crew, all the crew were paid off from the ship and Burns then obtained a berth as steward on the barque "Nimrod" Captain Eilbeck, which set out for Australia and arrived at Sydney on 22 August 1828.
Colonial Australia and trading voyages.
Barnet Burns worked as a house servant for William Henry Mackenzie of the Bank of Australia. He commenced employment at about the time of the Bank of Australia robbery on 14 September 1828. Burns also worked with other prominent businessmen of colonial Sydney who supported Burns' application for a land grant in May 1830. A plot of was granted at Tambourine Bay on the Lane Cove River.
Burns joined the brig "Elizabeth", captain Brown on a trading voyage to New Zealand departing Sydney 23 July 1830. During his time in New Zealand Burns learned the Māori language. The "Elizabeth" returned to Sydney on 5 January 1831 and soon afterwards Burns appeared before the Police Magistrates where he was convicted of gross assault. A fellow seaman on the "Elizabeth", James Nance, had accused Burns of being a convict and Burns had reacted by "leading about the decks by his proboscis, like a pig by the snout". Burns was ordered to "enter into his own recognizances to the amount of £10, to preserve the peace for twelve months".
In January 1831 the Sydney merchant Joseph Barrow Montefiore had just returned from a voyage to New Zealand and required flax traders to be located at various parts of New Zealand.
Barnet Burns agreed to return to New Zealand to trade with the Māori for phormium tenax, a New Zealand flax used mainly for rope materials.
On 13 February 1831 Burns departed Sydney on the schooner "Darling", captain William Stewart, with various items of trade including clothing, leather goods, muskets, gunpowder, tobacco and pipes, ironmongery, hardware and rum. The "Darling" stopped at several places on the west coast of the North Island including Kawhia, Mokau, Taranaki and Kapiti Island before proceeding through Cook Strait to the east coast where Burns was landed at the Mahia peninsula. The "Darling" continued onto Poverty Bay where John Williams Harris was landed on 16 May 1831. Harris and Burns were among the first European residents in the area.
Pākeha-Māori.
In the 1830s the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand was a place constantly under the threat of attack from neighbouring Māori tribes.
In the preceding decades the Ngā Puhi from the Bay of Islands had obtained muskets and made devastating attacks on their southern neighbours. The Mahia peninsula became a place of refuge for various Māori that felt threatened at an intensification of tribal warfare, decimation, enslavement and migration. Burns wrote: "So here I was amongst a set of cannibals ... not knowing the moment when they might take my trade from me, and not only my trade, but my life."
At the Mahia peninsula Barnet Burns was protected by a chief whom he called "Awhawee" but whom Māori oral records know as "Te Aria" or "Aria".
Burns married the chief's daughter, Amotawa and lived as a Pākehā Māori with mana and benefits in business transactions. Burns' hapū was probably Te Whānau-a-Ruataupare which was part of Te Uranga Wera or the burnt post tribe, a collection of hapū from the Tokomaru Bay area.
It is likely that Burns and the tribe were located at Nukutaurua on the north-eastern coast of the Mahia peninsula. After 11 months a vessel arrived with orders to close the trading station but Burns refused to leave with the ship as Amotawa was about to give birth. Shortly afterwards most of the tribe went some distance from their pā to cultivate the potato gardens. Burns learned that the neighbouring Ngati Te Whatu-i-Apiti threatened to plunder the remaining trade goods. Burns escaped with Amotawa and her father in an open waka (canoe) and seven other Māori and they headed north stopping overnight at Whareongaonga before landing at Waihi near Orongo beach on the southern side of Te Kuri a Paoa (Young Nick's Head). The canoe was hauled out of the water and the local Māori, likely the Ngāi Tāmanuhiri, carried the property for nearly to Poverty Bay. A day later Burns proceeded inland to a stronghold of the Rongowhakaata at Manutuke on the Waipaoa River where there were two strong defensive pā named Umukapua and Orakaiapu. Soon afterwards at the request of his Chief, Burns went to Maraetai with about seven hundred men to battle but their enemies had fled and they returned and lived again in peace.
During an inland flax-buying trip with some of the members of his tribe, a party of Ngāi Te Rangi attacked, killed and ate the group with the exception of Barnet Burns. He managed to negotiate for his life by agreeing to live, fight and trade with them and also to be tattooed. When about a quarter of the tattoo was completed, Burns escaped and found his way back to his own tribe, who sought vengeance without success as the Ngāi Te Rangi were not to be found.
In 1832 subtribes of Te Whakatohea from the Bay of Plenty region had settled in an area inland from Poverty Bay. An alliance of about 600 men from Rongowhakaata, Ngati Kahungunu, Te Aitanga-a-Hauiti and Nga Puhi under Te Wera a Hauraki besieged about 400 men, women and children of Te Whakatohea at the pā of Kekeparaoa, located near the confluence of the Waipaoa River and the Waikohu river. Burns claimed to have led 150 men in the siege which lasted about three weeks. He described how a Whakatohea woman had attempted to escape from the pā by swimming across a river. She was captured and imprisoned. Resigned to being eaten, she assisted in preparing potatoes and threw herself onto the fire for a hāngi feast. When the pā at Kekeparaoa had been breached, many of the imprisoned occupants were shared between the victorious tribes. Burns says he witnessed about 60 of the prisoners being killed and eaten; the flesh being cooked in a hāngi or smoked for transportation to fellow tribal members.
The schooner "Prince of Denmark" arrived at Poverty Bay and Burns was then engaged by the captain to continue as a flax trader at £3 a month. He agreed to establish himself further north at Uawa which was named Tolaga Bay by Captain James Cook. When he arrived at Uawa, Burns settled on the northern side of the Uawa river with Te Urunga Wera while on the southern side another white man traded for Captain John Rudolphus Kent with Te Aitanga-a-Hauiti. From 1832 to 1834 he sent about 107 tons of flax to Sydney and he considered these his happiest years in New Zealand. Burns claimed to have been made a chief of over 600. The remaining part of his face and parts of his body were tattooed at nearby Waihau (Loisels beach).
While at Uawa in about April 1833, Barnet Burns learned that three Englishmen were being held captive on the Waiapu River, near East Cape, the easternmost point of the North Island of New Zealand. A whaling vessel, "Elizabeth", captain Black, had stopped at East Cape for provisions and during her stay three of the crew had run away. In return captain Black had seized 15 of the local Ngāti Porou and taken them away on the "Elizabeth". Burns took a waka with about 60 men and after three days they had travelled from Uawa to Waiapu and found the Englishmen confined at a pā which was probably at Whakawhitira. The chief Kakatarau
Departure from Uawa.
In October 1834 the ship "Bardaster", Captain John Thomas Chalmers arrived at Uawa. Burns loaded his trade of flax and advised Captain Chalmers that he wished to settle with his employer in Sydney and so Burns paid £5 for a passage. He bid farewell to his wife and children and Burns accompanied the ship to Sydney via Cloudy Bay and Queen Charlotte Sound. His children were daughters Tauhinu, Mokoraurangi and son Hori Waiti, who may have been born soon after Burns' departure. Te Amotawa later married the Māori chief Te Kani-a-Takirau.
Soon after the "Bardaster" arrived at Sydney on 2 November 1834, Barnet Burns arranged to transfer his grant of land at Tambourine Bay to Captain John Thomas Chalmers. At that time thousands of convicts resided in New South Wales and as Burns roamed the streets of Sydney his facial tattoo aroused suspicion that he had submitted to the operation of tattooing in order to prevent being recognised.
On 24 February 1835 the "Bardaster" departed Sydney for England with Barnet Burns aboard earning his passage in his former role as a sailor.
Initial appearances of Pahe-a-Range in England.
By mid-1835 Barnet Burns had left the ship "Bardaster" and returned to London. On 1 June 1835 Barnet Burns married Bridget Cain at the Christ Church Greyfriars opposite St Paul's Cathedral but little else is known about this union.
Barnet Burns soon published a booklet about his experiences in Australia and New Zealand. Copyright for the booklet was obtained at the Worshipful Company of Stationers’ Hall at Ludgate Hill, London on 1 September 1835. Burns' publication had the lengthy title: "A Brief Narrative of the Remarkable History of Barnet Burns, an English sailor; who has lately been exhibiting at the Surrey Zoological Gardens and other Places of Amusement. With a faithful account of the way in which he became a chief of one of the tribes of the New Zealanders: together with a few remarks on the manners and customs of the people, and other interesting matter."
Barnet Burns commenced a career of showman and lecturer. His initial appearances in London included the Surrey Zoological Gardens (later the Royal Surrey Gardens), Victoria Theatre (now the Old Vic), Surrey Theatre and Astley's Amphitheatre. Introduced as Barnet Burns, The New Zealand Chief, he performed various Māori songs and dances, including the haka, and he described customs of the Māori. Upon obtaining an opportunity to appear at the Surrey Zoological Gardens, Barnet Burns had "made merry in honour of his engagement". The tattooed Englishman was brought before the Police Magistrate at Union Hall, London but Burns was soon "discharged and, out of spirits, had taken to water".
An edition of Burns' booklet was published at Southampton in 1836 and in April Thomas Morgan wrote to the Foreign Office suggesting that Burns could lead a colonisation of New Zealand or the new colony of South Australia.
Burns proposed the establishment of a small colony of artisans and tradesmen under his protection, and offered to supply the British government and merchants with timber and flax. There is no record of the British government accepting Burns' proposal. Later in April 1836, Burns entertained in the Portsmouth and Portsea Theatre at the conclusion of a romance play.
Barnet Burns had styled himself as "Pahe-a-Range" and in May 1836 he appeared at the Chichester Mechanics' Institution, where his lectures were described as "one incongruous jumble of impudence, of ignorance, of low wit, and bare-faced presumption". This description was criticized by a reporter who attended lectures by Burns at the Town Hall of Brighton and recommended that Burns obtain the assistance of someone to help arrange the lectures. Despite Burns' shortcomings, the reporter stated that "those who go to a lecture to obtain information, without caring by what means it is conveyed, could, notwithstanding the rambling and unconnected nature of his address, gather sufficient to remunerate them for the money and time expended in attending it."
Chef de tribu de la Nouvelle Zélande.
Barnet Burns moved to France in late 1836. An unsuccessful appearance before the Académie des sciences at the Institut de France in Paris resulted in the academicians being annoyed at being deceived by Burns, who had apparently claimed to be "King of Zealand".
In 1837 Burns appeared at Nantes where he
exhibited himself at a shop in rue de Gorges with an assurance that he would remain civilized for visitors. Burns was described as a cannibal, but in his booklet he is careful to avoid any suggestion that he himself consumed human flesh.
On 22 September 1838 Barnet Burns married a French workwoman named Anne Mélanie Boval at the town hall of the 7th arrondissement of Paris. Anne Boval was born in Paris on 1 April 1820 to Jean Baptiste Boval and Jeanne Louise Couchard.
Burns and his wife lived at 16 Rue Pastourelle in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris and had two children who, it appears, died young.
Barnet Burns presented himself as a tattooed New Zealand Chief at the nearby Boulevard du Temple.
Barnet Burns' booklet was published at Rouen in about 1839 and in 1840 he was at Le Havre. Burns was apparently summoned by Queen Victoria to take part in an English expedition to New Zealand in the capacity of interpreter. Following his departure, Burns' wife, Anne never heard from him again.
Possible return visit to New Zealand.
There is circumstantial evidence for Barnet Burns making a return trip to New Zealand between February 1839 and October 1840.
Barnet Burns had expressed a desire to return to New Zealand and had applied to join the expedition of the New Zealand Company on its ship "Tory" which sailed from London on 4 May 1839. His wife in France, Anne (née Boval) understood that in 1840 Barnet Burns had travelled as an interpreter for an English expedition to New Zealand. Several English newspapers reported on a visit by Barnet Burns in about 1841. and it appears that he worked with the Wesleyan missionaries The census undertaken in Britain in June 1841 lists Barnet Burns' occupation as "mariner" which suggests that he had recently sailed. Barnet Burns' son, Hori Waiti, claims to remember his father escaping. Given the short period that Burns initially spent in New Zealand, Hori Waiti would only remember his father if Burns had made a return trip.
Finally, Arthur Thomson mentions that: ""One unemployed tattooed Pakeha Maori visited England, and acted the part of a New Zealand savage in several provincial theatres. Here he married an Englishwoman who accompanied him to New Zealand, but she eloped with a Yankee sailor, because the tattooed actor's old Maori wife met him and obtained an influence over him the white woman could not combat."" There are several similarities between this Pākehā Māori and Barnet Burns to suggest that they might be the same person.
Marriage to Mrs Rosina Crowther.
The United Kingdom Census 1841 recorded the occupants of every UK household on the night of 6 June 1841 when Barnet Burns, mariner, and Rosina Crowther, pedlar, were lodging at Vincent Street, Sculcoates, Kingston upon Hull. A few days later, The New Zealand Chief, Mr. Burns, delivered two lectures at the Hull Mechanics' Institute. The broadside for the lectures explains how he was saved from being eaten by the "interposition of one of the Chief's daughters; how he ingratiated himself into their favour, submitted to be tattooed and ultimately became chief of a tribe". The broadside continues to advertise that ""he will also exhibit the real head of a New Zealand Chief, his opponent in battle, and describe the operation of tattooing, &c."" Burns was to be accompanied by Mrs Crowther who would ""perform several favourite Airs upon The Musical Glasses at Intervals during the Evening.""
On 18 June 1841, Barnet Burns appeared at the Hull Zoological Gardens to participate in a Grand Gala in commemoration of the Battle of Waterloo, which occurred 26 years previously. In addition to his usual repertoire describing Maori customs, Burns appeared on the lake and showed how the Maori rowed their waka including how a chief excited his comrades to action. The Gala included a display of fireworks, Montgolfier balloons and performances from military bands.
In January 1842 Barnet Burns had moved to Birmingham where he lectured before the Mechanics' Institution at Newhall Street and where he had a booklet published. By that time he and Rosina had married as the handbill states that ""Mrs. Burns will also perform several admired Airs and Waltzes upon the Musical Glasses"".
Showman and lecturer.
From 1842 Barnet Burns and his wife Rosina continued their extensive lecture series. In 1842 alone, appearances by Barnet and Rosina Burns are recorded at the Mechanics' Institution in Hanley, the Burslem and Tunstall Literary and Scientific Institution, Kidderminster Athenæum, Lecture Hall, Wardwick, Derby, the National School at Beeston, the Lincoln Mechanics' Institution and at Dublin.
In late 1844 Barnet Burns appeared in London where he was engaged at the Royal Adelaide Gallery. One of New Zealand's early colonists, Jerningham Wakefield was unimpressed by one of Burns' lectures describing how the lecturer dressed "with sandals and strings of beads on his legs and wrists, a leopard-skin petticoat, a necklace of pig's tusks, and a crown of blue feathers a foot long, - sings NZ ditties to a tune!, and talks gibberish, which he translates into romantic poetry." In December 1845 Barnet Burns lodged a complaint to the Police Magistrate at Worship-Street, London against Henry Sproules Edwards, who had disrupted one of Burns' lectures by publicly denouncing him as a fraud.
By 1847 Barnet Burns had a manager, Lionel Violet Gyngell who announced appearances by Barnet and Rosina Burns during a tour that included Hawkstone Hall, Shrewsbury, Welshpool, Oswestry and Ellesmere.
Editions of Burns' booklet continued to be published where he lectured on his travels through Britain. The 1848 Kendal edition includes a stylised picture of Barnet Burns carrying the head of a tattooed Māori chief. On their tour "Pahe-a-Range" and "Madame Pahe-a-Range" appeared at the
Oldham Town Hall, the Beverley Mechanics' Hall, the parish school-house at Burton Agnes before Robert Isaac Wilberforce, York Mechanics' Institute, the parish at Gringley-on-the-Hill, the schoolroom at Lea near Gainsborough before Charles Henry John Anderson and in May 1849 he returned to the Mechanics' Institution at Lincoln. Barnet Burns was dressed "in a buff skin dress, which was to represent his skin, various ornaments round his neck of bones, &c., a belt round him composed of human skin" and "the sceptre ... which had a head on it, the eyes of which were supposed to be the eyes of their deities". He encouraged his audience to consider New Zealand for immigration saying there was "no clime better calculated to suit the Englishman" and through the efforts of the missionaries New Zealand had "become civilized".
In about 1850, Burns gave his lectures in Manchester and one of the people in the audience was the wife of William Leonard Williams who was to be sent like his father as a missionary to New Zealand. In 1853 W. L. Williams presented Burns' booklet and a picture of Burns to his son, Hori Waiti, in front of a crowd at Tokomaru Bay. Williams had already checked the veracity of the booklet and picture, but he asked publicly if Burns was recognised and it was confirmed and Hori Waiti learnt that Burns was his father. This picture of Barnet Burns is still in the family.
A tour through Cornwall in early 1853 included lectures at the Assembly Room in Truro, the Town Hall in Redruth and Union Hall in Penzance. By this time Barnet Burns' occupation was given as Lecturer and that of Rosina Burns was given as Professor of Music, her musical glasses producing a harmony that was "indisputably the most exquisite".
In November 1856 Barnet Burns and his wife went to Leicester to deliver a course of lectures on New Zealand. Three lectures were advertised, but at the close of the second Burns became ill and was confined to his bed for nearly eight weeks. Rosina Burns sold every available article she possessed but soon they were destitute and an appeal was made for help. By January 1857 Barnet Burns had recovered sufficiently to be able to lecture accompanied, as usual, by Rosina on the musical glasses. Further funds were raised from an edition of Burns' booklet published at Leicester.
Death.
Barnet Burns died on 26 December 1860 at Eldad, East Stonehouse, Plymouth. The death certificate stated that "George Barnet Burns", lecturer, died at age 53 and the cause of death was "morbus cordis cirrhosis of liver ascites". There were various times during his life when Burns had been found drunk and it seems that he finally succumbed to his alcoholism. His obituary stated that Barnet Burns was better known as Pahe-a-Range, the New Zealand Chief, that he had suffered a long and painful illness and that he left behind a widow and two children to lament their loss. The identities of the children mentioned in the obituary are not known.
Barnet Burns was buried in a common grave on 30 December 1860 at what is now the Ford Park Cemetery, Plymouth.

</doc>
<doc id="20805334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805334" title="2009 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team">
2009 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team

The 2009 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team represented the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Cornhuskers played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Nebraska and were led by head coach Bo Pelini. The Cornhuskers finished the season 10–4, 6–3 in Big 12 and were Big 12 North Division champions and represented the division in the Big 12 Championship Game, where they lost to Texas 13–12. Nebraska was invited to the Holiday Bowl, where they defeated Arizona 33–0.
Before the season.
The 2009 Cornhuskers began the regular season on Saturday, September 5, 2009 against the Florida Atlantic Owls. The Cornhuskers were led by second-year Head Coach Bo Pelini. Pelini previously served as Defensive Coordinator for LSU and Oklahoma following a season as Nebraska's Defensive Coordinator in 2003, and was brought back to Nebraska to lead the football program by Nebraska's former Head Coach and current Athletic Director, Tom Osborne after the conclusion of the 2007 season.
Schedule.
Source:
Game notes.
Florida Atlantic.
This was the first time Nebraska had met the Florida Atlantic Owls, who, in 2008, finished 6–6 (4–3) for a 3rd place tie with Arkansas State in the Sun Belt Conference and finished with a 24–21 victory in the 2008 Motor City Bowl against Central Michigan. Nebraska entered the contest with a 4-game winning streak after defeating Clemson in the Gator Bowl. Nebraska decisively defeated the Howard Schnellenberger-led Owls, 49–3. Nebraska's Roy Helu Jr. rushed for 152 yards and three touchdowns, while Zac Lee, in his first start as quarterback at Nebraska, threw for 213 yards and two touchdowns, along with one interception. The FAU offense did produce good yardage, gaining 122 yards rushing and 230 yards passing. However, they were unable to score a touchdown, with their only points coming from a 21-yard field goal by Ross Gornall in the second quarter. A large part of this was because of 5 turnovers by the Owls. This win extended the Cornhuskers season-opener win streak to 24 games, the nation's longest.
Arkansas State.
Cornhusker QB Zac Lee passed for over 340 yards and four touchdowns as the Cornhuskers had little trouble defeating Arkansas State in Lincoln 38–9. Nebraska's defense struggled for consistent performance but still managed to hold the Red Wolves out of the end zone except for a single touchdown and field goal, while the Cornhusker offense was consistently able to gain yardage. This was the first time Nebraska had met the Arkansas State Red Wolves, who finished the 2008 season 6–6 (4–3) for a 3rd place tie with Florida Atlantic in the Sun Belt Conference, although they were not invited to a postseason bowl game.
Virginia Tech.
The Huskers fell to 2–1 against the Hokies in the final seconds, having split the series with a 41–21 Nebraska victory in the 1996 Orange Bowl and a 30–35 Nebraska home field loss in non-conference play in 2008. Nebraska was poised to win its first touchdown-free game since 1937 on PK Alex Henery's career-high five field goals, but Virginia Tech escaped the home loss when Hokie QB Tyrod Taylor found a receiver on 3rd and goal from the 11 with just 21 seconds remaining to play. Statistically Nebraska outperformed the Hokies on offense, as Virginia Tech was held to just 11 first downs, only 4 first downs after the first quarter, pinned Hokie QB Taylor to -22 yards on the ground, and outgained Virginia Tech 343–278. 112 of the 278 Hokie yards were acquired on just three key plays.
Louisiana Lafayette.
This was the first time Nebraska had met the Louisiana-Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns, who finished 6–6 (5–2) for a 2nd place finish in the Sun Belt Conference in 2008. This game was also Nebraska's 300th consecutive sellout of Memorial Stadium (an ongoing NCAA record), and the Cornhuskers wore 'throwback'-style uniforms based on the team's 1962 appearance from when the NCAA-record streak began, to commemorate the milestone.
Nebraska smothered Louisiana Lafayette in front of an all-time Memorial Stadium record crowd, piling up 55 points while posting their first shutout since a 56–0 pasting of Troy in 2006. Nearly all of Nebraska's active roster found playing time, as the game was decided early.
Missouri.
In a game that nearly was canceled twice—once by torrential rains, possible lightning hazards, and potential flooding, and again when a power outage darkened the stadium less than an hour before kickoff—Nebraska tied an all-time 4th-quarter comeback record, previously set in 1966, when the Cornhusker offense overcame the weather and penalties to roll off 27 unanswered points.
Missouri QB Blaine Gabbert was hobbled early in the game with an apparent ankle injury, but Tiger Head Coach Gary Pinkel opted to keep him in the game. Both teams struggled in heavy rain conditions to produce offensive output early on. The teams combined for 11 punts and two fumbles in the first half, with Missouri's safety early in the second quarter and a last-second touchdown just before halftime for the only points points on the board.
With electrical problems persisting and scoreboards remaining dark throughout the night, the Cornhuskers attempted to regroup during the half in a locker room without lights.
The third quarter continued the scoring struggle, with Missouri still holding Nebraska off the scoreboard while only managing a field goal. In the fourth quarter, however, Nebraska managed to score with three touchdowns in 3:22, thanks in part to two turnovers forced by the Cornhusker defense. Protecting an 8-point lead, and with the stands quickly emptying of rain-soaked Tiger fans, Nebraska tried to run the ball for short gains in order to let the clock tick down. They did, however, score another touchdown with 56 seconds remaining to put the game out of reach.
The road win against #24 Missouri was Nebraska's first win against a ranked opponent since a 28–27 win against Texas A&M in 2006. This was Nebraska's first win in Columbia since 2001. Nebraska improved their series lead against Missouri, dating back to 1892, to 64–36–3.
Texas Tech.
Nebraska's hopes for redemption following last year's heartbreaking loss in Lubbock against the then-#7 Texas Tech Red Raiders fell short as the Cornhuskers never found a groove in their offensive output, even after changing quarterbacks for much of the second half. The Cornhusker defensive effort was outstanding, holding the unranked Red Raiders to just 259 yards, less than half of their season average. Although the offensive unit outgained Texas Tech with 285 total yards of its own, penalties and miscues took a heavy toll that could not be overcome.
Although it was not known at the time the game was played, this would be the last conference meeting between these teams due to Nebraska's abrupt move to the Big Ten Conference to take effect for the 2011 season, leaving this series under the control of the Cornhuskers at 7–4.
Iowa State.
Although the Iowa State Cyclones have historically fared poorly in the previous 103 meetings with Nebraska, the Cyclones entered Memorial Stadium without their leading quarterback and rushing threat and subsequently played an error-free game. The solid effort was enough to put up 9 points in the first half to lead Nebraska by 2, which concluded the game's scoring. The 9 points turned out to be sufficient to win against the poor Cornhusker offensive effort, which turned over the ball a school-record eight times (including four inside of Iowa State's five-yard line). The turnovers negated Nebraska's 362–239 edge in yards gained.
The Cyclones moved up to 5–3 (2–2) after a 2–10 (0–8) record the previous season and enjoyed their first win in Memorial Stadium since 1977. First-year Iowa State Head Coach Paul Rhoads said about the game, "When you don't win in a stadium on the road since 1977, it's big." Overall, Nebraska leads the series 85–17–2.
Baylor.
As part of the effort to provide a spark to its nonproductive offense, true freshman quarterback Cody Green made his first start and notched his first win against the Bears in Waco. Although highly touted Nebraska DT Ndamukong Suh had been making the most noise over the course of the season even to the point of generating some early Heisman talk, it was DT Jared Crick, who dominated Baylor on this day, racking up a school record five sacks, and seven additional tackles for losses, making a total of 13 tackles (10 solo), as well as recovering a fumble.
Baylor's own defense was also stubborn, only allowing the Cornhuskers 20 points in the first half before shutting them out in the second. Baylor managed a single field goal and a defensive touchdown off of an interception a short time later in the third quarter to end the scoring. The final score was 20–10 and gave Nebraska the road victory.
Just as with the Texas Tech game, it was not known at the time that this would be the last conference meeting between these teams, and the regular series drew to a close with Nebraska in command 11–1.
Oklahoma.
The history of Nebraska's contests with the Oklahoma Sooners continued in this 85th meeting between these programs, with Oklahoma holding a 44–37–3 series lead. Oklahoma had defeated Nebraska in 2008 with a strong offensive output in Norman, which left Nebraska behind 0–35 in the first quarter.
In 2009, the defenses took control of the game. Oklahoma made their way down the field but were stopped in Nebraska territory. Tres Way tried for his first career field goal but instead sent it flying to the left. Later in the first quarter Oklahoma made it way back down and tried for another field goal but this time Ndamukong Suh made sure the game stayed tied by getting a hand on the kick. Later on, Oklahoma QB Landry Jones was intercepted by Prince Amukamara of Nebraska, who returned it to the one-yard line. Nebraska's offense struggled most of the game, but they got the 1 yard they needed as Zac Lee connected to Ryan Hill for the game's only touchdown. Later Oklahoma and Nebraska exchanged field goals, and then Matt O'Hanlon got three interceptions in the fourth quarter to seal an important victory for the Nebraska Cornhuskers and keep Oklahoma from recording even a single touchdown.
This game also turned out to be the unplanned final conference meeting between these programs in their storied historical rivalry, and the Sooners and Cornhuskers parted ways with Oklahoma owning the series edge 44–38–3.
Kansas.
The Nebraska offense tried to improve over their performance the previous week against Oklahoma. Chastised for playing close conservatively during the 10–3 win over Oklahoma, the Cornhuskers hit Kansas with a barrage of big plays to win in Lawrence for the first time since 2003. To start the game Niles Paul caught a Zac Lee pass for a 35-yard gain. Roy Helu Jr. ran for 156 yards and three touchdowns, and Nebraska used big plays on offense to beat Kansas 31–17 Saturday and take a share of the Big 12 North lead.
Kansas State.
Roy Helu Jr. ran 26 times for 95 yards and a touchdown, and Nebraska defeated Kansas State 17–3 to win the Big 12 North. The win earned the Huskers a birth in the Big 12 conference championship game on December 5 in Arlington, Texas against the Texas Longhorns. The third-ranked Longhorns clinched the South Division with a 51–20 win over Kansas.
Kansas State (6–6, 4–4) ended its season with losses in three of its last four games. Because two of the Wildcats' wins were against lower-division teams, they needed to beat Nebraska to become eligible for a bowl game.
The Huskers' Zac Lee completed 13 of 19 passes for 166 yards and a touchdown. Helu gave Nebraska a two-touchdown lead early in the third quarter with his 14-yard run. Daniel Thomas ran 19 times for 99 yards for Kansas State, and Grant Gregory was 11 of 31 for 126 yards. The Wildcats failed to score a touchdown for the second straight game despite their offense spending most of the second half on Nebraska's side of the field.
Three scoring opportunities were lost when Keithen Valentine fumbled at the Nebraska 1 and Josh Cherry missed field goals of 51 and 32 yards. The Wildcats, trailing by two touchdowns, drove to the Nebraska 25 in the last 4 minutes, but Ndamukong Suh and Barry Turner teamed up to sack Gregory. The Wildcats turned the ball over on downs when Gregory led Brandon Banks too much on a ball thrown toward the end zone.
The Huskers took over with 3:41 left and were able to run out the clock for their fourth straight win after Lee sneaked for a first down on fourth-and-1 from his own 36. Kansas State's only points came at the end of the game's opening series, when Cherry kicked a 44-yard field goal.
Colorado.
Nebraska ended Colorado's season by defeating the Buffaloes at Folsom Field. Colorado elected to receive to start, and the Cornhusker defense prevented them from getting further than their own 21-yard line on all four of their first-quarter possessions, setting the tone for the game. Nebraska's offense struggled at times during the game, and the Buffaloes gained some traction in the second half. Colorado's two trips into the red zone during the fourth quarter produced no points through the efforts of the blackshirts to turn them away. Nebraska moved the ball 80 yards in 13 plays to seal the game with seven more points, going up 28–14. The teams traded possessions again, before Colorado managed to punch in a final touchdown on the last play of the game.
Nebraska, enjoying their fifth straight win, capped their regular conference schedule at 6–2, winning all league road games for the year. Colorado's season ended with no bowl game and a 3–9 record in coach Dan Hawkins' fourth year. Nebraska extended their series lead to 48–18–2.
Texas.
This was Nebraska first trip to the Big 12 title game since 2006 and fifth time in the league's 14 years. Nebraska met undefeated #3 Texas for the 2009 Big 12 Championship Game as heavy underdogs, as 63 of 64 media predictions recorded by one source predicted a Texas victory. Nebraska hoped to upset the Longhorns and earn a BCS bowl game berth. The Longhorns sought to stay unbeaten and earn an invitation to the 2010 BCS National Championship Game.
The game was defined by dominant defenses on both sides. The Nebraska offense, still struggling to find a productive groove, was rendered ineffective by Texas, gaining only 106 yards on the day and scoring all 12 points on field goals. However, the highly productive Longhorn offense led by Heisman-candidate Colt McCoy found itself struggling to make progress against the blackshirts. McCoy was sacked nine times and intercepted three times, while Texas was held to just 202 yards of offense for the game. The 13 Longhorn points were the fewest they had scored in any game since a 7–12 loss to Texas A&M in 2006.
Late in the fourth quarter, with Texas holding a slight 10–9 lead, Nebraska came up with the most productive series of the night, going 43 yards in 8 plays to set up the go-ahead field goal putting Nebraska up 12–10 with just 1:44 to play. Texas faced their first loss of the season and the loss of an invite to the national championship. A poor kickoff following the field goal provided Texas with good starting field position, and a 15-yard penalty on Nebraska shortly thereafter put Texas in the outer reaches of field goal range. Texas tried to inch closer from there but McCoy was sacked for a 2-yard loss. Then Texas lost another yard on a rush attempt, and had an incomplete pass on 3rd down that started with just 8 seconds remaining in the game. The timekeeper allowed the game clock to expire, and the Nebraska Cornhuskers rushed the field to celebrate their unlikely 2009 league championship.
The celebration was short-lived, however. Instant replay found that the incomplete ball hit a railing with 1 second remaining. Checking the exact timing on every play of a game is not normally performed, and it is not uncommon for a second or two to tick off after plays are completed. A review was ordered, and one second was placed back on the game clock, and the field was cleared of the celebrating Cornhuskers and staff. Texas' subsequent 4th down field goal gave the Longhorns a league title by the narrowest margin in Big 12 championship history.
Nebraska slipped to 4–9 against Texas all time, and to 2–3 in the league championship game. Despite the loss, Nebraska's performance resulted in the team moving up one spot in both of the major college football rankings.
Arizona.
Arizona hoped to capitalize on the suspect Nebraska offense, with their best hope being to put at least a couple of scores in against the blackshirts while keeping the Cornhuskers off the board as much as possible. The Nebraska coaching staff, however, installed some entirely different offensive looks that Arizona had not prepared for. The new offensive schemes leveraged the strengths of available personnel and minimized turnover risks. The tone of the game was set early on when Nebraska intercepted Arizona and subsequently punched in the first touchdown of the game only 75 seconds into the contest. From there on out, the Wildcats were on their heels, often unable to contain the steady Nebraska gains, and unable to score or make any progress against the Nebraska defense.
The Wildcats gained only 109 total yards on the day and six first downs. Nebraska committed seven penalties for 55 yards, but managed to hold Arizona off of the scoreboard entirely, and posted the first Holiday Bowl game shutout. The bowl was also Nebraska's first ever bowl game shutout win. The only other major statistical battles won by Arizona were in the punting game in kickoff return yards. The Wildcats netted approximately six more yards per punt in their nine attempts than Nebraska managed in its four attempts. In kickoff return yards, Arizona had eight opportunities compared to the lone Nebraska kickoff return to open the second half.
Nebraska evened up the all-time series against the Wildcats, to 1–1–1. Nebraska had a 20–23 Holiday Bowl loss to Arizona in 1998 and a 14–14 tie against the Wildcats in 1961.
After the season.
After the bowl game it was revealed that QB Zac Lee had been playing with an injured throwing arm since the Arkansas State game on September 12, the second game of the season, and that off-season surgery was scheduled to help him ready for the 2010 season. Despite periods of fan outcries about Nebraska's offensive struggles, news of his injury had deliberately been withheld during the season to prevent opposing teams from using the specific knowledge to their advantage.
With the Holiday Bowl victory, Pelini secured the program's first 10-win season since 2003, which coincidentally was the season when former head coach Frank Solich was controversially fired before the bowl game and Pelini himself as interim coach led the Cornhuskers to their 10th win of 2003 in the Alamo Bowl against Michigan State. Nebraska finished 2009 with the nation's No. 1 scoring defense for only the second time in school history (1984). The Nebraska defense also led the country in pass efficiency defense and red zone efficiency defense, and it finished in the top ten in the four major defensive categories (scoring, total, pass efficiency, rushing) for the first time since 1999. Nebraska's overall program record at the end of the 2009 season stood at 827–341–40 (.701) all-time.

</doc>
<doc id="20805336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805336" title="Accession of East Timor to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations">
Accession of East Timor to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations

The accession of East Timor to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations is a process that started following the independence of the country in 2002 when its leaders stated that it had made a "strategic decision" to become a member state of ASEAN in the future. Closer ties with ASEAN are supported by all political parties in East Timor. East Timor would have by far the smallest GDP in the ASEAN, less than 15% of the smallest current ASEAN member state Laos.
In 2002, East Timor was recognised as an observer of ASEAN and joined the ASEAN Regional Forum in 2005. In January 2007 the country acceded to the Treaty of Amity and Cooperation in Southeast Asia, pledging to renounce the use of force and binding East Timor to non-interference in the internal affairs of ASEAN member states.
In 2005, East Timor said it wanted to be a member by 2010. In December 2007 President José Ramos-Horta restated that joining was a top priority, and he hoped to join by 2012. In January 2009 the Prime Minister of Thailand said that his country would support East Timor's membership of ASEAN by 2012.
East Timor officially applied for membership in ASEAN on 4 March 2011. After elections in 2012, the new government reaffirmed their commitment to joining the association. While Indonesia, which East Timor gained their independence from in 2002, has pushed for them to be granted ASEAN membership, other countries, such as Singapore and Laos, have objected on the grounds that East Timor is not yet developed enough to join. However, after the ASEAN summit in April 2013, Secretary General of ASEAN Le Luong Minh stated that all member states now supported Timor-Leste's admission to the Association. Minh also stated that "Timor Leste is not yet ready to join ASEAN. So we are pushing them to qualify the obligations." The President of the Philippines Benigno Aquino III pledged his country's support to East Timor's ASEAN membership in June 2013.
By September 2013, the ASEAN's Coordinating Council Working Group was still evaluating Timor-Leste's membership application, and Minh said that there was no timeline for when the assessment would be completed. Singapore pledged that it would not block Timor-Leste's membership in the Association, with their Second Minister for Foreign Affairs, Grace Fu, saying "For any member to come into ASEAN and to be ready for 2015 will be quite a big step. Whether Timor Leste is ready, whether it has its eyes on 2015, we like to have a working group to evaluate." In November 2013, U Aung Htoo, ASEAN Affairs Department deputy director, said that Timor Leste would not be ready to join in 2014 since they do not have an embassy in all 10 current ASEAN member states, a necessity for membership.
See also.
Enlargement of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations

</doc>
<doc id="20805355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805355" title="John-Anthony Cooney">
John-Anthony Cooney

John-Anthony Cooney (born Johannes-Antonius Cooneybergson, 1982, London), often professionally accredited as The Jac-meister, is a British illustrator, animator, designer and stand-up comedian. He is perhaps best known in recent years for producing novelty greeting card designs, although he has also frequently illustrated a variety of English and Ukrainian language newspapers and magazines.
Biography.
Born and raised in London, England, Cooney developed an early interest in illustration and regularly contributed to The Saint (UK newspaper), The Western Eye, and Apes and Monkeys Weekly. As of December 2013 he produces a weekly cover illustration for the French language magazine La Saucisse.
Cooney is twice winner of the prestigious stand up award La Merde d'Or and has been inducted into the hall of fame.
Cooney, internationally recognized for his bearded appearance, caused great controversy and sent waves through the art world in 2012 when he shaved his trademark beard, a symbol of his rebelliousness and courage in the face of adveristy. However, in mid 2014 Cooney regrew his beard.
External links.
Official John-Anthony Cooney website
Official Japanese John-Anthony Cooney website, currently being upgraded
Unofficial Cooney fan site

</doc>
<doc id="20805360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805360" title="2007 UEC European Track Championships">
2007 UEC European Track Championships

The 2007 European Track Championships were the European Championships for track cycling, for junior and under 23 riders. They took place in Cottbus, Germany from 11 – 15 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20805367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805367" title="Theo A. Johnsen">
Theo A. Johnsen

Theo A. Johnsen (1857–1911) was a pioneer U.S. manufacturer of ski equipment and related gear. Johnsen is especially notable for writing the first book on skiing published in America. He was posthumously inducted into the Maine Ski Hall of Fame, a division of the Ski Museum of Maine.
Born in Manchester, England, Johnsen emigrated to Portland, Maine, as a 21-year-old apprentice cabinetmaker and was employed in his father’s woodworking business. He became interested in skiing by reading an article in the April, 1895 issue of Scientific American and took up the sport with passion.
Johnsen started his own manufacturing business in Portland in 1904: Tajco Sporting Goods specialized in building gasoline-powered pleasure boats ─ a novelty at the time ─ plus snowshoes, ski gear and push sleds. The 1905 Tajco winter sports catalogue lists 12 models of skis at prices from $3.50 to $18. Related gear included five binding models and five styles of ski poles ─ described as “push sticks.”
To help sell his products, Johnsen published "The Winter Sport of Skeeing" in 1905. The little book included 38 pages of description and detailed how-to instructions for cross-country, downhill and jumping. The Tajco winter sports catalogue comprised the final 16 pages. A replica edition of "The Winter Sport of Skeeing" was published in 1994 by the International Skiing History Association.
"The Winter Sport of Skeeing" is notable for Johnsen’s buoyantly upbeat writing style and his depiction of skiing as a joyous recreational activity. Its numerous photographs show men and women blissfully enjoying themselves on Tajco products. The introductory chapter includes the statement that “skeeing is the most exhilarating, most fascinating, most healthful and most delightful of all the winter sports, and that, indulged in sensibly and not to excess, it is indeed an ideal outdoor pastime for everybody young and old.”
Tajco skis sold poorly and Johnsen closed the company in 1907. He died near Boston, Massachusetts in 1911.
Johnsen was a visionary with little commercial acumen, according to ski historian Glenn Parkinson’s book "First Tracks: Stories from Maine’s Skiing Heritage." Parkinson noted that Johnsen’s catalogue emphasized expensive ski gear at a time when the sport was in its infancy in America and the U.S. market was dominated by cheap products.
Parkinson’s assessment of the pioneer ski manufacturer concludes: “Theo A. Johnsen recognized the fundamental changes about to happen in two sports yet was unable to capitalize on either one. But he had left a bequest to the sport of skiing ─ America’s first ski book, a testimonial matched in fervor by few skiers since.”
Johnsen was honored by induction into the 2003 inaugural class of the Maine Ski Hall of Fame, a division of the Ski Museum of Maine.
Early in 2009 the museum acquired a collection of 10 hand-made miniature Johnsen skis ─ 18-inch models that were once used by traveling salesmen. The New England Ski Museum owns and displays the only known extant pair of Tajco skis.

</doc>
<doc id="20805388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805388" title="2006 UEC European Track Championships">
2006 UEC European Track Championships

The 2006 European Track Championships were the European Championships for track cycling, for junior and under 23 riders. They took place in Athens, Greece from 19 – 23 July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20805425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805425" title="2005–06 Australian bushfire season">
2005–06 Australian bushfire season

The 2005–06 Australian bushfire season was a moderately extensive bushfire season, particularly in western Victoria where they were most prominent in mid-late January 2006 as conditions permitted across the state. On Australia Day, a CFA volunteer died in the Victorian fires.
Timeline.
January 2006.
Bushfires in Victoria were prominent in mid-late January 2006 as conditions permitted across the state. With the loss of 4 lives and 57 homes. On Australia Day, a CFA volunteer died in the Victorian fires. Arsonists were charged with lighting fires that spread through western Victoria in late January. Two people died in The Grampians when their car was overcome by the Mount Lubra bushfire.

</doc>
<doc id="20805428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805428" title="Suzuki Magoroku">
Suzuki Magoroku

It is also said that he is known as Saika Magoroku.

</doc>
<doc id="20805443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805443" title="James Williams-Richardson">
James Williams-Richardson

James Williams-Richardson (born 5 May 1988) is an Anguillan football player who is currently on trial at Premier League side Blackpool FC. William-Richardson used to play for Maidenhead United in the Conference South, and has now joined Penn & Tylers Green in the Hellenic Football League Division One East.
International career.
Williams-Richardson made his debut for Anguilla in a World Cup qualification match against El Salvador in February 2008. He also played in the return match, his only two caps by December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20805445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805445" title="Pan-European Institute">
Pan-European Institute

The Pan-European Institute (PEI) (Finnish "Pan-Eurooppa Instituutti") is a Finnish research institute at Turku School of Economics, in Turku, Finland. PEI observes developments within the European economy and business with special interest lies on the Baltic Sea region and its neighbouring countries such as Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine. Kari Liuhto is director and is assisted by an advisory board of 12 members. The Pan-European Institute celebrates its 25th anniversary in 2012 by organising a high-level seminar "The Baltic Sea region 2025". 
Research, education, and partnerships.
The research conducted by PEI is for external purposes, as well as internal. Cooperation has been successful on the national arena with the Academy of Finland, several Finnish ministries, the Parliament of Finland and the Prime Minister’s Office. Abroad, partners have been the European Commission, the European Parliament, the United Nations, and the World Bank.
The research also provides a foundation for the education provided at Turku School of Economics at the University of Turku. The Pan-European Institute provides several university courses in English within the subject of International Business. The institute is also a partner of the European Studies programme and the Baltic Sea Business & Society programme.
Research at PEI has five focus areas:
Economic and security monitoring.
PEI especially monitors economic development in these areas:
Through a partnership with the Finnish Ministry for Foreign Affairs, PEI has monitored the security development (2010-2011) in Europe. The regions covered in this biannual review are the Western CIS (Moldova, Ukraine, Belarus), the South Caucasus (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia) and Central Asia (Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tadzhikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan).
References.
The Pan-European Institute's website

</doc>
<doc id="20805453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805453" title="Belo, Medvode">
Belo, Medvode

Belo is a small settlement in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. In the 19th century it was known as "Nawelim" in German.
Cultural heritage.
Several structures in Belo are registered as cultural heritage:

</doc>
<doc id="20805467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805467" title="La Guerre">
La Guerre

La Guerre is a novel by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as "War".

</doc>
<doc id="20805472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805472" title="Valdilecha">
Valdilecha

Valdilecha.
Valdilecha is a small rural town in the outskirts of the region of Madrid, Spain, east-southeast of the town of Arganda del Rey.
Cuisine.
La Ochava
Notable citizens.
Philip Silver, English-born academic. El Tio Viejo, local by-stander

</doc>
<doc id="20805473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805473" title="Fredrik Mellbye">
Fredrik Mellbye

Fredrik Mellbye (1917 - 1999) was a Norwegian physician.
He was the brother judge Jens Christian Mellbye. He served as chief medical officer in Tromsø from 1946 to 1952, national chief physician for hygiene in the Norwegian Directorate for Health from 1950 to 1972 and chief medical officer in Oslo from 1972 to 1985.
He chaired the board of NAVF from 1979 to 1982, as well as Nasjonalforeningen for folkehelsen from 1985 to 1988 and "Landsforeningen mot AIDS" from 1986 to 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20805499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805499" title="John Quantick">
John Quantick

John Henry Quantick (6 July 1909 – 1972) was a Welsh football right-back. He was born in Cwm.
Quantick signed for West Bromwich Albion in 1930 from Ebbw Vale, but left to join Dudley Town without making his league debut. In 1933 he joined Hull City where he played 88 league games before leaving to join Worcester City.

</doc>
<doc id="20805502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805502" title="Voyages de l'autre côté">
Voyages de l'autre côté

"Voyages de l'autre côté" is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio.
Translation of the book's title.
"Voyages de l'autre côté" could be translated as "Journeys to the Other Side".

</doc>
<doc id="20805506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805506" title="Kurt Launer">
Kurt Launer

Kurt Launer was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20805512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805512" title="LUSAS">
LUSAS

LUSAS is a UK-based developer and supplier of Finite Element Analysis (FEA) application software products that bear the same name.
History.
LUSAS has its origins back in 1970 when a group of research workers at the University of London (now incorporated into Imperial College London) began work on the London University Stress Analysis System, "LUSAS". This team was led by Dr. Paul Lyons, who, in 1982, set up an independent company, Finite Element Analysis Ltd., to further develop, and subsequently market the software as a general purpose structural analysis system. In 1997, following the introduction of a range of specialist application software packages, the company, for awareness reasons, then started to trade under the LUSAS name.
Software.
LUSAS software consists of a Windows-based Modeller, used for model building and viewing of results, and a Solver for carrying out an analysis. Four commercial application products cater for the following industries:
For Universities, an Academic version which permits the running of any commercial LUSAS software product can be used for teaching and research use.
Example Applications.
Civil and structural engineering uses include Anthony Gormley's Quantum Cloud, built alongside the Millennium Dome, (now the O2 Arena), as part of UK's Millennium Commission sponsored celebrations for the year 2000; Spinnaker Tower, the tallest publicly accessible provincial structure in the UK; and Gwangmyeong Velodrome, the largest domed structure built, so far, in South Korea. 
Bridges designed with the aid of LUSAS include the Lune Millennium Bridge, and the Gateshead Millennium Bridge both also built, coincidentally, as part of the UK's year 2000 celebrations, and the Vasco da Gama cable stayed bridge and associated viaduct structures in Portugal. 
General mechanical engineering uses are extremely varied and include thermal analysis of marine loading arms - used to transfer Liquid Natural Gas (LNG) from shore to ship and vice-versa at a temperature of -163 degrees Celsius, nonlinear analysis of nylon polyamide cable ties used to bundle cables together, and contact analysis of titanium and ceramic hip joint components as used in artificial hip replacement
Composites engineering applications involve the analysis of composite material layups for potential delamination, material damage and fatigue modelling of many types of components in the automotive, aviation, and marine industries.

</doc>
<doc id="20805566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805566" title="San Diego Film Critics Society Award for Best Original Screenplay">
San Diego Film Critics Society Award for Best Original Screenplay

The San Diego Film Critics Society Award for Best Original Screenplay is a film award given by the San Diego Film Critics Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20805575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805575" title="Alf Quantrill">
Alf Quantrill

Alfred Edward Quantrill (22 January 1897 - 19 April 1968) was an English footballer. Born in RawalPindi, Punjab, India where his father was based on military service, he played on either wing and appeared four times for the England national team.
Quantrill played non-league football for Boston Swifts until being signed by Derby County in 1914. Quantrill helped Derby gain promotion to Division One in his first season at the club, but his career was soon interrupted by the First World War. He served as a member of the Derbyshire Yeomanry, but was sent home after developing malaria in Salonika.
Quantrill returned to health and retained his place in the Derby team when league football resumed. In March 1920 he made his debut for England against Wales, a 2-1 defeat. He went on to win four caps, scoring once, in the 5-4 win at home to Scotland.
In 1921 Quantrill was transferred to Preston North End, playing in a forward line also including Tommy Roberts, Rowland Woodhouse and Archie Rawlings. He made his debut on 27 August 1921 in a 2-2 draw away to Bolton Wanderers. Quantrill played in 64 games for Preston before leaving in 1923 to join Bradford Park Avenue. He later moved to Nottingham Forest in August 1930 where he finished his league career in April 1932.
Personal life.
Quantrill was married to Hetty Winifred Bloomer, the eldest daughter of former England international Steve Bloomer.

</doc>
<doc id="20805584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805584" title="Shifty (film)">
Shifty (film)

Shifty is a British urban thriller, written and directed by Eran Creevy. Set on the outskirts of London, it follows themes of friendship and loyalty over the course of twenty-four hours in the life of a young drug dealer, the charismatic "Shifty". "Shifty" was filmed predominately in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, the home of Elstree Studios. Based on Eran Creevy's teenage experiences, and boasting convincing performances from a cast of rising stars, as well as veteran actors Jason Flemyng and Francesca Annis, the film was funded by Film London's Microwave scheme and delivered after a shooting schedule of just eighteen days.
Plot.
After four years, Chris returns to where he grew up, it seems at first to attend a party, but his real motive is to catch up with his old buddy, Shifty who he left behind. Whilst away, Chris has settled into responsible adult life, with a mortgage and a good job, but he is shocked to discover that Shifty has been dealing cocaine for some time, supplied by the double dealing Glen.
Although happy to see him, Shifty has not fully forgiven Chris for leaving in the first place, and it is soon learned that the circumstances under which Chris left are more complicated than they first seemed. They spend the next 24 hours together, with Chris watching Shifty as he deals to a variety of increasingly desperate customers from the community.
Over the course of this day they are forced to confront the ghosts from the past that drove Chris away and the desperate and dangerous present that Shifty finds himself in, whilst re-discovering their friendship. Chris is once again given an opportunity to prove his loyalty to Shifty and to try ultimately and save Shifty from himself.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack to the film was composed by Molly Nyman, Harry Escott and performed by The Samphire Band. It was nominated for Best Technical Achievement at the British Independent Film Awards 2008. The score was performed live in Film & Music Arena at the Latitude Festival in 2009. All tracks performed by The Samphire Band, except where stated.
"Shifty" - Single.
The official single for the film was performed by British rappers Riz MC, Riz Ahmed who portrays Shifty in the film, Sway and Plan B. Released on May 11, 2009 on True Tiger Recordings, the single did not chart. The music video, also directed by Eran Creevy, was filmed in the same locations as the film and features Riz MC, Sway and Plan B each rapping along with footage taken from the film. Riz MC, Sway and Plan B performed the song live on 24 April 2009 at Bar Rumba, London for the film's launch party.
Reception.
The film has one of the highest overall ratings amongst thousands of films on Rotten Tomatoes, with a total of 96% fresh reviews. Many claimed that despite a very low budget, the film's actors and storyline was of the highest calibre, and therefore was a well formed, character-driven debut for Creevy. However, customers on Amazon.co.uk only gave an average review of 3.5 stars, with some claiming that the film's low budget left it with a dialogue-driven production with little or no action to add to proceedings.

</doc>
<doc id="20805591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805591" title="Xinxiang Medical University">
Xinxiang Medical University

Xinxiang Medical University () is located at Xinxiang city in the northern part of Henan province of China.
Xinxiang Medical University has a vast campus with about 7000 undergraduates.
Foreign Students Programme of Xinxiang Medical University under the International Education Institute of XXMU, a foreign students programme, has been running successfully at the university since 2001.
There are more than 120 foreign students pursuing Western Medicine studies at this college.
External links.
The favorite sports in college are basketball, football, volleyball & table tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="20805593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805593" title="Ted Hanisch">
Ted Hanisch

Theodor "Ted" Hanisch (born 20 April 1947) is a Norwegian sociologist, civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Tønsberg. He graduated with the mag.art. degree (PhD equivalent) in sociology, and was a director at the Norwegian Institute for Social Research from 1978. In 1986, when the second cabinet Brundtland assumed office, he resigned to become a State Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister. He lost this job in 1989, when the second cabinet Brundtland fell. Hanisch was then hired as director general of the newly established CICERO, Center for International Climate and Environmental Research in Oslo. In April 1993 he assumed a new position, as vice director of Aetat. The director Bjartmar Gjerde was soon to retire, and in September 1994 Hanisch was promoted to director, assuming the position in 1995. He was pressured to leave in 2000 following bookkeping irregularities.
Hanisch has also been the chairman of the board of Enova.

</doc>
<doc id="20805609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805609" title="Claremont Teachers College">
Claremont Teachers College

Claremont Teachers College was Western Australia’s first post-secondary teaching institution. It opened in 1902 and closed in 1981, when it became a College of Advanced Education and later a campus of Edith Cowan University. The building is on land between Goldsworthy, Princess and Bay Roads in the western Perth suburb of Claremont.
Background.
In 1847 the General Board of Education was established to oversee school development in the Swan River Colony. After becoming the Central Board of Education, it was superseded by the Education Department in 1893, which classified schools, graded teachers, defined teachers' positions, implemented a salary scale for teachers, abolished school fees, provided for co-educational schools, and made attendance compulsory for children between the ages of six and 14. At this time, the Education Department had "external study" for student teachers, where they taught in the classroom while studying for examinations set by the Department.
In 1902, the College was opened and students could gain qualifications through studying there. It was the only place one could do this until the 1950s when the Churchlands and Graylands colleges opened. The function of teacher education did not pass into the university sector until the 1980s.
The College's last Director was Thomas Ryan (1924-2002), who completed his teacher training at the College and graduated in 1947. He was appointed Vice-Principal of the College in 1972, a position he held until his appointment as Director of the College in 1980.
The campus served for 16 years as a campus of Edith Cowan University following that institution's formation in 1989, and following its acquisition by the University of Western Australia, it is home to the Confucius Institute, University of Western Australia Press and Taylors College.
Notable graduates.
Notable graduates include historian and author Rica Erickson, naturalist Harry Butler, Labor politician Kim Beazley senior, economist and public servant Nugget Coombs, sailor Noel Robins, and artist/musician Rolf Harris.

</doc>
<doc id="20805613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805613" title="MacTier Cup">
MacTier Cup

The MacTier Cup is the name of the championship for the Rugby Canada Super League (RCSL) and the name of the trophy awarded to the victorious team. The MacTier Cup was established in 1998 along with the RCSL. The first MacTier Cup Championship match was played between the Vancouver Island Crimson Tide and the Nova Scotia Keiths. Vancouver Island defeated Halifax in that game. The champions of the final RCSL championship were the Newfoundland Rock, who won the cup in 2008 after defeating the Calgary Mavericks 30–6.
Since 2009, the Cup has been awarded to the winners of the Canadian Rugby Championship (CRC) most recently Ontario Blues, who defeated The Rock.

</doc>
<doc id="20805614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805614" title="James Bush (sportsman)">
James Bush (sportsman)

James Arthur Bush (28 July 1850 – 21 September 1924) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket for Gloucestershire and represented England at rugby union.
Family.
Bush, the son of Major Robert Bush and daughter of Emily, was educated at Clifton College, as were three younger brothers who played rugby for the Clifton Rugby Football Club. One of them, Robert Edwin Bush, also played cricket at Gloucestershire and later moved to Western Australia where he went exploring and became a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council. Another brother, John Edward Bush, had an accomplished military career where he reached the rank of Brigadier General. The third brother to play rugby at Clifton was James Paul Bush, who also served in the military as a surgeon with the Bristol Royal Infirmary and was at one time the Deputy Lieutenant for Gloucestershire.
Cricket.
Born in India, Bush played at Gloucestershire as an amateur. He was Gloucestershire's wicket-keeper in their strong side of the 1870s which won the only four Championships in their history, one of them shared. Bush was a good friend of captain W.G. Grace and was the Best man at his wedding. He toured Australia with a W.G. Grace XI in 1873/74 which caused him to miss a rugby international against Scotland.
Bush made just two half centuries in his first-class career, with his highest score of 57 being made against Yorkshire in an 1879 County Match.
Aside from playing at Gloucestershire, Bush also represented the Gentlemen cricket team in a couple of Gentlemen v Players fixtures and also played a match for the South of England cricket team.
Rugby.
Bush was capped five times for England at international rugby, playing as a forward. All but one of those came against Scotland, with games in 1872, 1873, 1875 and 1876. He won his only other cap when he lined up for England against Ireland at Leinster in 1875. Before his England debut, Bush had made five appearances for Blackheath.
He also played some association football as a goalkeeper for Clifton F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20805636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805636" title="Video Gold">
Video Gold

Video Gold is a compilation of music and clips featuring the singer Olivia Newton-John. They were released on two DVDs separately, but there is one issue that unites the two into one.

</doc>
<doc id="20805644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805644" title="DeWitt, Iowa">
DeWitt, Iowa

DeWitt is a city in Clinton County, Iowa, United States. The population was 5,322 at the 2010 census, which is a 5.2% increase from the 2000 census, making it the fastest growing city in Clinton County. 
History.
DeWitt was platted in 1841. DeWitt was named after DeWitt Clinton (1769–1828), an early American politician who served as United States Senator and 7th Governor of New York.
Geography.
DeWitt is located at (41.822684, -90.542643).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 5,322 people, 2,208 households, and 1,415 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 2,306 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% White, 0.8% African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.9% of the population.
There were 2,208 households of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.99.
The median age in the city was 39.7 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.
The median income for a household in the city was $44,720, and the median income for a family was $54,063. Males had a median income of $37,951 versus $25,457 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,717. About 2.8% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.1% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.
Government.
DeWitt is governed by a mayor and five-member council. The mayor is Don Thiltgen, and the city council is currently composed of Luanne Smith (First Ward),Steve Hasenmiller (Second Ward), Verlyn Scheckel Dawn Marcus (At-Large), (At-Large) and Kurt Ketelsen (At-Large).
Education.
DeWitt is home to Central Community Schools of Clinton County. In addition to DeWitt, the nearby cities of Grand Mound, Low Moor, and Welton are also a part the school district.
Ekstrand Elementary.
Ekstrand Elementary School is located in DeWitt and serves students in pre-kindergarten through grade 3. Built in 1970, the school is named for former principal and district superintendent Carl Ekstrand.
Central Intermediate School.
Located in Dewitt, it is the former middle school, and became the Intermediate School, due to the new middle school that was built and attached to the other side of the high school. The Intermediate School houses grades 4-6.
Central Middle School.
Located in DeWitt, a new middle school, was built in 2011 as part of an expansion project to the high school. It houses grades 7 and 8.
Central High School.
Located in DeWitt, Central High School houses grades nine through twelve. After being built in the 1950s, the school's need for increased space has resulted in a recent $1.891 million addition. Construction of the new facilities began in November 2007, and includes a new cafeteria, remodeled kitchen space, and new alternative classroom. In 2010, another expansion project was started, creating a new middle school, new high school offices, several new classrooms, renovation of the old high school, a new library that attaches the Intermediate, Middle and High school, a world-class performing arts center, and new athletic facilities.
Athletics.
Central High School won state championships in boys basketball in 1981, girls basketball in 1994, and boys cross country in 2000 and 2001. During that two-year stretch, the Saber Boys' Cross Country team went 254-0, winning the team championship in an incredible 20 consecutive meets. They have a great rivalry with the Maquoketa Cardinals, especially in football.
The school's mascot is the Saber, represented graphically by a shield, two swords, and a saber-toothed tiger.
Media.
"The DeWitt Observer" serves as DeWitt's primary local newspaper. In addition to DeWitt, "The Observer" also serves much of rural eastern Clinton County.

</doc>
<doc id="20805646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805646" title="Dylan Gissi">
Dylan Gissi

Dylan Gissi (born 27 April 1991) is a Swiss football defender of Argentinian background. He has been playing for Argentine club Club Olimpo since July 2013.
He is the older brother of current CD Alcoyano footbaler Kevin Gissi.
Club career.
Gissi started his career with Estudiantes in the Primera Division in 2010, and then went on loan to Olimpo in July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20805662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805662" title="San Diego Film Critics Society Award for Best Performance by an Ensemble">
San Diego Film Critics Society Award for Best Performance by an Ensemble

The San Diego Film Critics Society Award for Best Performance by an Ensemble (formerly for Best Cast) is an annual film award given by the San Diego Film Critics Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20805677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805677" title="Darrell Einertson">
Darrell Einertson

Darrell Einertson (born September 4, 1972 in Rhinelander, Wisconsin) is a former Major League Baseball player. Einertson played for the New York Yankees in the season. In eleven career games, he had a 0-0 record with a 3.55 ERA. He also had three strikeouts.
He was drafted by the Yankees in the 11th round of the 1995 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20805695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805695" title="Walter Gerth">
Walter Gerth

Walter Gerth (12 December 1914 — 10 January 1995) was a "Sturmbannführer" (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
"Sturmbannführer" Walter Gerth was awarded the Knight's Cross in October 1943 after the Battle of Kharkov when in command of the 7th Battery, 3rd SS Panzer Artillery Regiment, 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf".

</doc>
<doc id="20805701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805701" title="Schlüssel">
Schlüssel

Schlüssel is a German word for key. It may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20805702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805702" title="Zero-forcing precoding">
Zero-forcing precoding

Zero-forcing (or Null-Steering) precoding is a spatial signal processing by which the multiple antenna transmitter can null multiuser interference signals in wireless communications. Regularized zero-forcing precoding is enhanced processing to consider the impact on a background noise and unknown user interference, where the background noise and the unknown user interference can be emphasized in the result of (known) interference signal nulling.
In particular, Null-Steering is a method of beamforming for narrowband signals where we want to have a simple way of compensating delays of receiving signals from a specific source at different elements of the antenna array. In general to make use of the antenna arrays, we better to sum and average the signals coming to different elements, but this is only possible when delays are equal. Otherwise we first need to compensate the delays and then to sum them up. To reach this goal, we may only add the weighted version of the signals with appropriate weight values. We do this in such a way that the frequency domain output of this weighted sum produces a zero result. This method is called null steering. The generated weights are of course related to each other and this relation is a function of delay and central working frequency of the source.
Performance of Zero-forcing Precoding.
If the transmitter knows the downlink channel state information (CSI) perfectly, ZF-precoding can achieve almost the system capacity when the number of users is large. On the other hand, with limited channel state information at the transmitter (CSIT) the performance of ZF-precoding decreases depending on the accuracy of CSIT. ZF-precoding requires the significant feedback overhead with respect to signal-to-noise-ratio (SNR) so as to achieve the full multiplexing gain. Inaccurate CSIT results in the significant throughput loss because of residual multiuser interferences. Multiuser interferences remain since they can not be nulled with beams generated by imperfect CSIT.
Mathematical description.
In a multiple antenna downlink system which comprises a formula_1 transmit antenna access point (AP) and formula_2 single receive antenna users, the received signal of user formula_3 is described as
where formula_5 is the formula_6 vector of transmitted symbols, formula_7 is the noise signal, formula_8 is the formula_6 channel vector and formula_10 is the formula_6 linear precoding vector. From the fact that each beam generated by ZF-precoding is orthogonal to all the other user channel vectors, one can rewrite the received signal as
For comparison purpose, we describe the received signal model for multiple antenna uplink systems. In the uplink system with a formula_13 receiver antenna AP and formula_2 K single transmit antenna user, the received signal at the AP is described as
where formula_16 is the transmitted signal of user formula_17, formula_18 is the formula_19 noise vector, formula_8 is the formula_19 channel vector.
Quantify the feedback amount.
Quantify the amount of the feedback resource required to maintain at least a given throughput performance gap between zero-forcing with perfect feedback and with limited feedback, i.e.,
Jindal showed that the required feedback bits of a spatially uncorrelated channel should be scaled according to SNR of the downlink channel, which is given by:
where "M" is the number of transmit antennas and formula_24 is the SNR of the downlink channel.
To feed back "B" bits though the uplink channel, the throughput performance of the uplink channel should be larger than or equal to 'B'
where formula_26 is the feedback resource consisted by multiplying the feedback frequency resource and the frequency temporal resource subsequently and formula_27 is SNR of the feedback channel. Then, the required feedback resource to satisfy formula_28 is 
Note that differently from the feedback bits case, the required feedback resource is a function of both downlink and uplink channel conditions. It is reasonable to include the uplink channel status in the calculation of the feedback resource since the uplink channel status determines the capacity, i.e., bits/second per unit frequency band (Hz), of the feedback link. Consided a case when SNR of the downlink and uplink are proportion such that formula_30 is constant and both SNRs are sufficiently high. Then, the feedback resource will be only proportional to the number of transmit antennas
It follows from the above equation that the feedback resource (formula_32) is not necessary to scale according to SNR of the downlink channel, which is almost contradict to the case of the feedback bits. One, hence, sees that the whole systematic analysis can reverse the facts resulted from each reductioned situation.

</doc>
<doc id="20805704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805704" title="Marion Mushkat">
Marion Mushkat

Marion Mushkat or Marian Muszkat (November 5, 1909 – September 30, 1995), was a Polish lawyer, colonel in the Polish Army formed in the Soviet Union, and military judge in Stalinist Poland specialising in international public law, military law and international affairs. He immigrated to Israel at the end of Stalinist period in postwar Poland, where he became a professor at Tel Aviv University. He died in Haifa.
Biography.
Marian Muszkat was born in Suwałki (Poland under partitions), where he completed primary and then secondary school. In 1927 he began studies at the University of Warsaw. In Warsaw Muszkat studied law, and simultaneously worked as a clerk in factories and as a school teacher. As a student he belonged to socialist academic organizations. Muszkat was a distinctive student, thereby he soon travelled to France to continue his studies at the University of Nancy. During his stay in Nancy, Muszkat penned some new ideas about public international law, peremptory norm and international problems concerning the Third World countries. In 1931 Muszkat obtained a degree of Master of Law, and in 1936 at the same University he received a degree of Doctor of Law.
During World War II, Muszkat relocated to Vilnius first, where worked in "Prawda Wileńska" magazine, and lectured at the Vilnius University. In June 1941 he evacuated to the Soviet Union. In 1941–1943 he was a clerk in a kolkhoz and a teacher in the Gzy–Orda Pedagogic Institute. In May 1943 Muszkat joined the People's Army of Poland (Ludowe Wojsko Polskie). Having completed officers course, he served as lieutenant in the Polish 1st Tadeusz Kościuszko Infantry Division. In October 1943 he became a military judge of the Martial Court at Polish First Army. In 1945 he was promoted to a judge of Supreme Court Martial. In the Court, Muszkat was a vice-chairman and chief of the War Crimes Commission. After his return to Poland with the Soviet westward offensive in 1945, he became a member of Polish Workers' Party (PPR). On 5 December 1946 Muszkat was demobilized from army as a colonel.
After the war he began his work in the Stalinist Ministry of Justice as deputy in the Polish Highest Military Court ("Najwyższy Sąd Wojskowy", NSW), investigating German war crimes. Muszkat was a specialist in the field of international public law, therefore the Ministry of Justice dispatched him to Nuremberg, as chairperson of the Polish delegation. At the Nuremberg Trials Mushkat directed Polish delegation which also included Prof Tadeusz Cyprian and prosecutors: Prof Jerzy Sawicki and Dr Stanisław Piotrowski. They prepared “Polish indictment” containing the list of proved Nazi war crimes committed in Polish territory.
Having returned to Poland he began scientific and didactic activity. At University of Warsaw he lectured military law and international public law in International Public and Private Law Department, directed by prof Cezary Berezowski. He also lectured at Central Law School, General Headquarters Academy and Polish International Affairs Institute (1950-1951 its director). In 1950, for his dissertation in the Stalinist “"International criminal law, new domain development"” he was awarded a professorship. He was co-founder and editor "Law and Life magazine".
Mushkat wrote from the pro-Soviet point of view. He propagated communist ideals, especially those of his mentor Andriej Wyszynski. Amongst Polish scientist Muszkat has some opponents. For instance prof. Stefan Korboński wrote later that "Muszkat's vievs transformed the courts into a political institution, with prosecutors as masters of life and death of absolutely everyone (...) and barristers, as communist police helpers."
In 1957, following the anti-Stalinist Polish October revolution Muszkat left Poland, and settled into Israel. At Tel Aviv University he lectured international public law and international affairs. In 1961 Yad Vashem Institute designated his as co-ordinator and adviser to Adolf Eichmann trial. Muszkat at Israel's government request was a consultant in many strategic matters undertook by this country. Professor Muszkat became a member of many international institutes, organizations, and associations, for example: the International Peace Institute, the World Academy of Art and Science, American Academy of Political and Social Science, International Bar Association, World Federalist Movement, and the National Institute of Justice.
He participated in many congresses and symposiums on the whole world to field politic research, peace research and futurology. Muszkat is author of many publications edited in: Polish, English, French, Hebrew, German, Russian, Czech, Hungarian and Chinese, too. He wrote first Polish modern textbook to international public law “"Outline of the International Public Law"” Muszkat M. (edit.), Warsaw 1955 (two volumes). He died September 30, 1995 in Haifa.

</doc>
<doc id="20805713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805713" title="Le Chercheur d'or">
Le Chercheur d'or

"Le Chercheur d'or" is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as "The prospector" by Carol Marks and published by David R. Godine,Boston.
Plot introduction.
Alexis L'Estang becomes obsessed with finding the treasure of the legendary Unknown Corsair on the island of Mauritius.
The child recalls the sea around the island of Rodrigues in the Indian Ocean. The author situated the plot of this book in the village of Anse aux Anglais.
Reviews.
Taken from the Times Literary Supplement(TLS).
The present tense seems to be more frequently employed by modern French novelists than by their British or American counterparts; but few contemporary writers can have resorted to it so consistently as Le Clézio.Concomitant with his absorption in a continuous present is an impulse to unrestrained extension. exclaims the narrator of his latest novel, the Mauritian Alexis L'Estang, resuming his obsessive search for pirate gold in the Indian Ocean on returning from service in the trenches of the First World War. His story begins in 1892, when he is eight, and spans thirty years; yet despite the dates, the novel is in no sense a historical one, but could be most fittingly described as a fable. Its characters are of quasi-archetypal simplicity, and they communicate in dialogue of taciturn breviloquence. Apart from the narrator's abiding but tenuous relationship with his sister Laure, the novel's principal human interest centres on his chastely erotic idyll with Ouma, the young native girl or "manaf" he finds on the island of Rodrigues, to which plans left him by his father have led him in search of a hoard of plundered gold concealed there by a legendary corsair. Ouma is an archetype of the order of W. H. Hudson's Rima, or Rider Haggard's "Nada the Lily" (referred to early in the book as the heroine of the favourite reading-matter of Alexis and his sister)David Gascoyne( The Times Literary Supplement of October 4, 1985)
From Publishers Weekly.
Reed Business Information, Inc.
Review of Contemporary Fiction.
Susan Ireland wrote this (which was published in the "Review of Contemporary Fiction")
The Washington Post.
Dominic Di Bernardi of The Washington Post wrote :
Translating J.M.G. Le Clézio.
Alison Anderson published this piece in World Literature Today .She is the translator of J. M. G. Le Clézio's 1991 novel "Onitsha".
Interview with Daniel E. Pritchard of Godine.
Taken from the Quarterly Conversation Issue 14 SE: Daniel E. Pritchard: SE: Daniel E. Pritchard : 

</doc>
<doc id="20805720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805720" title="Gary Blaylock">
Gary Blaylock

Gary Nelson Blaylock (born October 11, 1931 in Clarkton, Missouri) is a retired American professional baseball player, coach, scout and manager. A right-handed pitcher, he appeared in Major League Baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals and the New York Yankees during the season.
In 41 career Major League games, 13 as a starting pitcher, he had a 4–6 record with a 4.80 earned run average. In 125 innings pitched, he gave up 147 hits and 58 bases on balls. He recorded 81 strikeouts and three complete games.
Blaylock was signed by the Cardinals as an amateur free agent in 1950 and spent nine seasons in the St. Louis farm system and winning 97 games before making the 1959 MLB roster. After 26 games pitched with the Cardinals, and five appearances as a pinch runner, he was claimed off waivers by the Yankees on July 26, 1959, and worked in 15 more games that season. He then resumed his minor league pitching career in 1960, before becoming a manager and instructor in the Yankee farm system in 1963.
Blaylock moved to the Kansas City Royals' organization in the early 1970s, managed the Billings Mustangs of the Rookie-level Pioneer League from 1971–1973 and then was a scout and minor league instructor before serving as the MLB Royals' pitching coach from 1984–1987. He was a member of the Royals' world championship team. He was inducted into the Dunklin County Hall of Honor in 2010 at the Dunklin County Library in Kennett, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20805728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805728" title="Jurong Road">
Jurong Road

Jurong Road is a road in Singapore from Bukit Batok Road to Pan Island Expressway. It was the oldest road in Jurong and was constructed in 1852–1853 during the colonial era to link the rural area of Jurong with the rest of Singapore. It was extended in 1929 to Bukit Timah Road. Its original span in the 1960s was from Bukit Timah Road to a dead end in Tuas, at the present-day junction of Tuas Road and Pioneer Road. The road between Upper Bukit Timah Road and Jalan Jurong Kechil is now known as Old Jurong Road. The road after present-day Jurong Road is commonly known as Jurong West Avenue 2 to Jalan Bahar. The Upper Jurong Road starts from Pioneer Road and ends at Pan Island Expressway, after which goes to the SAFTI military training area at Pasir Laba. Currently, only the section between Jurong West Avenue 2 and Bukit Batok Road remains.
The roads in Jurong Road cuts out, as Track 18, Track 20 and Track 22. Track 22 links to Jalan Chichau and Jalan Lam Sam.
A popular myth goes that the areas surrounding Jurong Road are blessed with extremely good feng shui and whoever lives there would enjoy good fortune, peace and abundance. Indeed the now defunct Hong Kah Village, Bulim Village and the Old Jurong 10-mile market used to enjoy a thriving population and trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20805732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805732" title="Lola T95/30">
Lola T95/30

The Lola T95/30 is a Formula One motor racing car which was tested by Allan McNish during 1994 and early 1995. The car, however, was not raced during any Formula One races. The car was designed as a prototype ready for Lola's arrival in Formula One. Lola, instead of racing the car in the actual season, chose instead to test the car while a search to find a big-name sponsor was carried out as money inside the project dried up. The T95/30 version could not be raced as it was made obsolete by regulation changes enforced by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), Formula One's governing body.
The car was designed by Julian Cooper and Chris Saunders, who previously worked at Benetton and Williams respectively. The chassis was developed using the 40% scale windtunnel at Cranfield Institute. The T95/30 car was eventually sold as a collectors item after being displayed at the 1997 Autosport show.
The car was succeeded by the Lola T97/30, which the team used during their participation in the 1997 Formula One season.

</doc>
<doc id="20805737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805737" title="The Wombats Go Pop! Pop! Pop!">
The Wombats Go Pop! Pop! Pop!

The Wombats Go Pop! Pop! Pop! is an EP by British indie rock band The Wombats, released in 2007. It is the second album to be exclusively released in Japan. It is made up of two of the Wombats previously released singles and various B-Sides not found on the previously released album "".
Track listing.
All songs composed by The Wombats

</doc>
<doc id="20805745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805745" title="Polish People's Party (Czechoslovakia)">
Polish People's Party (Czechoslovakia)

Polish People's Party (, PSL) was a political party in Czechoslovakia founded in autumn 1922, based amongst Polish middle-class Protestants. The chairman of the party was doctor Jan Buzek. Other prominent party activists were pastor Józef Berger and journalist Jarosław Waleczko. In the 1929 parliamentary election, Buzek was elected member of parliament. He joined the Czechoslovak Social Democratic parliamentary group. The party published the weekly newspaper "Ewangelik" from Český Těšín (Czeski Cieszyn) and "Prawo ludu" party newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="20805767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805767" title="Polish Socialist Workers Party">
Polish Socialist Workers Party

Polish Socialist Workers Party (, PSPR) was a political party in Czechoslovakia founded in February 1921, based amongst Polish workers. The party was active in trade union struggles, mainly mobilizing miners and workers in heavy industries. The chairman of the party was Emanuel Chobot. Other prominent members of the party were Antoni Steffek and Wiktor Sembol. The party closely cooperated with the Czechoslovak Social Democratic Party. The party published the newspaper "Robotnik Śląski" ('Silesian Worker') from Frysztat.
In September 1921 internal conflicts in the party led to secession of the left-wing activists, who supported ideas of Comintern and joined the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia.
In the 1929 parliamentary election, Chobot was elected member of parliament. The party had contested the election in alliance with other Polish parties and the Jewish Party. Ahead of the 1935 parliamentary election, the party had reached an agreement with the Czechoslovak Social Democratic Party. 
Before the 1935 elections, there was an internal debate between those who favoured a renewal of the Polish bloc electoral tactic of 1925 and 1929 and those who wanted a common list with Czechoslovak Social Democrats. Augustyn Łukosz, who was in favour of the first position, was excluded from the party in August 1934. The alliance with the Czechoslovak Social Democrats did not succeed to send a member of the Polish party to the Parliament. After the elections, Łukosz founded a new party, the Polish Social Democratic Party (PPSD), and in 1937 the PPSD merged with the Polish People's Party. 
As of 1928, the party claimed a membership of 2,100, out of whom 150 were women. The youth organization of the party claimed a membership of 1,500. The party held party congresses every two years. The party was a member of the Labour and Socialist International between 1923 and 1938. It was represented by Chobot in the Executive of the International 1931-1938, he shared his seat with Johann Kowoll of DSAP.

</doc>
<doc id="20805771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805771" title="1998 MacTier Cup">
1998 MacTier Cup

The 1998 MacTier Cup was a championship rugby union game for the RCSL. The game was played between the Vancouver Island Crimson Tide and the Nova Scotia Keiths for the MacTier Cup trophy. The game was played to decide the champion of the 1998 RCSL season. The Crimson Tide defeated the hometown Keiths, but the score is unknown. The game was played in Halifax, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="20805782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805782" title="Glasgow University Sports Association">
Glasgow University Sports Association

Glasgow University Sports Association (formerly Glasgow University Athletic Club) is a student organisation at the University of Glasgow responsible for the promotion of sport, and to which sports teams at the University may affiliate.
History.
The Glasgow University Athletic Club was founded on 20 April 1881 and its constitution approved by the Senate ten days later. Its founding aim was to "promote all forms of Athletic Exercise", an aim which continues to this day. In 1903, a women's section was established at Queen Margaret College, the women's section of the University.
The Athletic Club provided representation on behalf of all students five years before the foundation of the Students' Representative Council, which now fulfills this role. Along with the Dialectic Society and Medico-Chirurgical Society, the Athletic Club was instrumental in founding the Glasgow University Union in 1885, and the two maintain a close relationship.
In 1992, the Club became the Glasgow University Sports Association, a name intended to encapsulate better the work done by the organisation.
Activities.
The Association provides financial, administrative and representational support to individuals and groups involved in sport and recreation at University of Glasgow. 
The highlight of the Association's year is the GUSA Ball (or Annual Awards Dinner and Dance) in February, a black-tie affair at which Blues, Half-Blues and Awards are presented to successful athletes and teams. Previous Blues winners include Sir Menzies Campbell and Rebecca Cooke.
Affiliated Clubs.
There are over forty sports teams at the University affiliated to the Sports Association, which assists them financially and in obtaining transport, equipment and publicity.
Facilities.
The Association works in partnership with the University of Glasgow Sport and Recreation Service, which maintains the University's sports facilities. The Stevenson Building (or 'Stevie') on the University's main site in Gilmorehill houses a fitness suite, squash courts, sauna and six-lane 25m swimming pool, while the Garscube Estate near Bearsden, where the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine is based, offers a further fitness suite, six grass and two all-weather pitches, three tennis courts, a cricket oval and extensive grounds for walking and running. Students who join the Sport and Recreation Service also become members of GUSA, and therefore have access to all university sports facilities.
The Association's offices are located at 62 Oakfield Avenue on Gilmorehill, opposite the Stevenson Building.
Management.
The Association is managed by the GUSA Council, a body of sixteen members elected in the Spring. The Council comprises the Executive (made up by the President, Vice-President, and Secretary), nine Convenors (Club Sport, Recreation, Health & Fitness, Finance, Publicity, Alumni, Travel, Welfare and Fundraising & Outreach), four Ordinary Members and two Ordinary Associate Members. The position of President is a sabbatical post, for which the holder takes a year out from their studies and is paid by the University. The current 2012/13 President is Chris Millar.
Members of University Staff are also appointed to the Council to represent the Association to the management of the University. These are the Honorary President, Honorary Treasurer, Honorary Vice-President and Court and Senate Representatives. The current Honorary President is Professor Frank Coton, Vice-Principal for Learning and Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20805804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805804" title="Shigeru Sakurai">
Shigeru Sakurai

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20805812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805812" title="Wandering Star (novel)">
Wandering Star (novel)

Wandering Star (original title: Étoile errante) is a novel by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. The novel tells the story of two teenage girls on the threshold and in the aftermath of World War II. Esther, a French Jew who flees for Jerusalem with her mother just after Italy's occupation of a small section of south-east France ended during World War II; and Nejma, a young Arab orphaned and unable to return to the ancient city of her birth, Akka, after the Israeli declaration of statehood. Esther emigrates to the newborn state of Israel, where she encounters another group of refugees, this time Palestinian.
Plot summary.
In the year 1944 in a mountainous area on the French-Italian border Esther and her mother and all the Jews in the village of Saint-Martin must cross from France to Italy to avoid the SS. After the war, she and her mother, Elizabeth, begin their long journey to France, to the sailing ship "Sette Fratelli" which will take them to Palestine. When Esther finally arrives in Jerusalem, she briefly meets and exchanges names with Nejma, a Palestinian, another wanderer, one who ends up, in the summer of 1948, in the Nour Chams Refugee Camp.
Political elements.
According to one reviewer "Wandering Star" could have been an affecting novel if Le Clézio had written solely of the Palestinian or Jewish refugees. The reviewer commented further that by "taking no sides" and by "showing the agony of all" Le Clézio had produced "a near masterpiece". In the French newspaper "Le Monde "Pierre Lepape put forward that Le Clézio "goes much farther than that, much deeper;" in that Le Clézio's writing looks at the pivotal points of life itself for signs of trouble as much his writing looks for hope of peace (even confontating both time and the elements). Le Clézio's writing seeks by way of the sun and by way of the earth (being born and the process of death), prodding into the mystery of the origin of everything (despite not knowing the future) towards a need to forget as well as a need to remember (without these needs nothing is repairable)

</doc>
<doc id="20805826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805826" title="Carry Me in Your Dreams">
Carry Me in Your Dreams

"Carry Me in Your Dreams" was the Albanian entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, held in Moscow, Russia. The song was composed by Edmond Zhulali and Agim Doçi, composers of Albania's first entry to Eurovision, "The Image of You" by Anjeza Shahini, and is performed by Albanian singer Kejsi Tola in English. It finished 17th with 48 points.
Background.
The song was the winner of Festivali I Këngës 47, the festival used to select Albania's Eurovision entry. Albania was the first country to select and publicly present its song. The song was chosen as the winner of the festival on 21 December 2008--five months before Eurovision, to be held on 16 May 2009. The song was performed during Festivali I Këngës in Albanian as "Më merr në ëndërr" (Take me into your dreams), and the English version of the song was premiered on 18 March.
At Eurovision.
Kejsi performed the song at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 semi-final on 14 May 2009, performing 16th in the running order, following Moldova's Nelly Ciobanu with "Hora din Moldova" and preceding Ukraine's Svetlana Loboda with "Be My Valentine! (Anti-Crisis Girl)". She received 73 points, placing 7th of the 19 competing songs, and qualifying to the final.
At the final on 16 May Tola performed 19th in the running order, following Turkey's Hadise with "Düm Tek Tek" and preceding Norway's Alexander Rybak with "Fairytale". The song received 48 points, placing 17th of the 25 competing songs.
The staging featured two b-boys dressed as mimes (twin brothers) and a sequined green man (Jenia Evgenios Buli, who has performed with Kalomira in 2008 and Giorgos Alkaios in 2010).
If only tele-voting had been used, Albania would have come in 11th.

</doc>
<doc id="20805828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805828" title="T. K. Ramamoorthy">
T. K. Ramamoorthy

Tiruchirapalli Krishnaswamy Ramamoorthy (1922 – 17 April 2013), known as T. K. Ramamoorthy (), was a popular South Indian Tamil music composer and violinist. Ramamoorthy was born in Tiruchirapalli into a family that was very much musically inclined. Both his father, Krishnaswamy Pillai, and grandfather, Malaikottai Govindasamy Pillai, were well known violinists in Tiruchirapalli. Ramamoorthy gave several stage performances along with his father in his childhood. C. R. Subburaman noted the young boy's talent and hired him as a violinist for HMV when he was only fourteen years old. Ramamoorthy in 1940's worked in Saraswathi Stores where AVM Studo's boss, Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar, was a partner – which lead him to play the violin for AVM's music composer, R. Sudarsanam, in some films. By the late 1940s C. R. Subburaman was a rising star in the South Indian film music world, and Ramamoorthy rejoined him as one of his violinists in his musical troupe. There, he met violinist and composer T. G. Lingappa, as well as M. S. Viswanathan, with whom he became a partner in later years.
Ramamoorthy, along with M. S. Viswanathan, are popularly known as "Mellisai Mannar" () (Tamil for "The King of Light Music"). His major works are in Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu films. He and M. S. Viswanathan, as the duo "Viswanathan Ramamoorthy", composed musical scores for over 100 films in the South Indian film industry during the 1950s and 1960s. The duo parted amicably in 1965 and since then they both composed for films individually but Ramamoorthy could not achieve success as an individual composer and composed music only for 19 films between 1966–1986. The duo rejoined in 1995 after 29 years for "Engirundho Vanthan".
Early career.
T. K. Ramamoorthy was born into a famous musical family in Trichy and was a talented violinist since young. His father, Krishnaswamy Pillai and grandfather, Malaikottai Govindasamy Pillai were well known violinists in Trichy. Ramamoorthy gave several stage performances along with his father since his childhood days. C. R. Subburaman noted the young Ramamoorthy's talent and hired him as a violinist for HMV when he was only fourteen years old. He in early 1940's worked in Saraswathi Stores where AVM Studo's boss, Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar,was a partner – which lead him to play violin for AVM's music composer, R. Sudarsanam, in some films. During these days, he also became friendly with P.S.Diwakar, the famous pianist cum music composer in the Malayala films and was staying with P.S.Diwakar while seeking opportunities. By late 1940's, C. R. Subburaman, was a rising star in the South Indian film music world and Ramamoorthy rejoined him as one of his violinists in his musical troupe. There, he met T. G. Lingappa, another famed violinist. M.S Viswanathan joined this troupe later as a harmonium player in 1950.
M. S. Viswanathan had always wanted to be an actor and singer, but was not successful.He had done a few small roles in stage dramas in 1940’s. The famous music composer in the 50s, T. R. Papa, who was a violinist for the doyen of the Tamil film music, S. V. Venkatraman when he met the young struggling Viswanathan, took a liking to him and arranged a job for him as an errand boy for S. V. Venkatraman's musical troupe. In that company of all musicians, Viswanathan realised that he had the inclination and the potential for composing music. He thereafter joined S. M. Subbaiah Naidu and at times assisted him. He then joined C. R. Subburaman as a Harmonium player where he met both T.K.Ramamoorthy and T. G. Lingappa, the two leading violinists at that time. T. G. Lingappa also became a renowned music composer on his own in the 1950s.
MSV was known as a master of playing 3 instruments -harmonium, keyboard and paino by the age of 15 whereas Ramamoorthy was known as master in playing violin by his age of 16.
Viswanathan–Ramamoorthy.
In 1952, C. R. Subburaman died unexpectedly, Ramamoorthy and Viswanathan joined together and completed the background music for the films Subburaman was working on. They were introduced by N. S. Krishnan, who knew them both fairly intimately and also their respective talents by then.
T. K. Ramamoorthy, despite being an excellent musician with an orthodox carnatic musical background, was a shy, modest and reserved person whereas M. S. Viswanathan was naturally talented, charming, forward and dynamic although he lacked the similar background in Carnatic music. Ramamoorthy was older than Viswanathan by six years, but placing of their names as "Viswanathan-Ramamoorthy" was agreed upon by both parties on the advice of Krishnan, who thereafter got the duo their first chance to score "Panam" a 1953 film produced by "A.L.Seenivasan" and directed by Krishnan himself.
The duo composed for over 100 films during the 50s and 60s, revitalising Chennai film music. The duo parted in 1965 and since then they had composed for films individually. Although M.S. Viswanathan enjoyed a successful solo career, with over 1200 films from 1965–2013, Ramamoorthy composed for only 19 films from 1966–1986.
He was awarded an honorary doctorate, along with M.S. Viswanathan, by the Sathyabama Deemed University in September 2006.
J.Jayalalithaa being the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, conferred the Thirai Isai Chakravarthy () (Tamil for Emperors of the Cine Music) title in August 2012 and presented with 60 gold coins and a new car to him.
Ramamoorthy as individual composer.
Since separating from Viswanathan, T.K. Ramamoorthy had independently composed music for only 19 Tamil films between 1966–1986.
Death.
Ramamoorthy died in a hospital in Chennai following a brief illness on 17 April 2013 at the age of 91.

</doc>
<doc id="20805835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805835" title="Takahiro Kuniyoshi">
Takahiro Kuniyoshi


</doc>
<doc id="20805844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805844" title="Henrik Anker Bjerregaard">
Henrik Anker Bjerregaard

Henrik Anker Bjerregaard (1 January 1792 – 7 April 1842) was a Norwegian poet, dramatist and judge.
Born in Ringsaker, he grew up in Vågå from the age of eight. He studied at the University of Copenhagen, but returned to Norway in 1814 and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.jur. degree in 1815. He climbed the career ladder as a jurist, was a solicitor and chief justice in the diocesal court of Christiania before being appointed as a Supreme Court Assessor in 1830. He remained in this position until his death.
Bjerregaard was also a prominent lyricist. Together with Conrad Nicolai Schwach and Maurits Hansen he was among the most important lyricists after Norway's independence in 1814, in the generation before Henrik Wergeland and Johan Sebastian Welhaven. According to the 1911 "Encyclopædia Britannica", Bjerregaard had a "varied talent", and his body of work contains "some charming studies from nature, and admirable patriotic songs". In 1820, Bjerregaard had entered a contest to write the new national anthem of Norway, and his hymn "Sønner af Norge", melody written by Christian Blom, was selected as the winner. The song stood as the national anthem of Norway until 1864, when "Ja, vi elsker dette landet" was written. Bjerregaard also wrote plays, including "Fjeldeventyret" (1825) and "Magnus Barfods Sønner" (1830), and was a theatre critic. However, he largely ceased his literary production after his 1830 appointment as Supreme Court Assessor.
Bjerregaard was married to actress Henriette Hansen, who was several years his junior. He died on April 7 1842, aged 50, and was buried at Vår Frelsers gravlund. The road "Bjerregaards vei" in Oslo has been named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20805850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805850" title="Soprano flute">
Soprano flute

The soprano flute is a type of flute, a musical instrument in the woodwind family. A few American publications for flute choir currently include a part for E (soprano) flute, an instrument pitched a minor third higher than the standard C flute and is rather rarely found at present. In these publications, an alternative part is provided either for the C flute or for the piccolo. With the substitution of one of these more commonly found instruments, however, the distinctive colour of a treble flute sound is missing.

</doc>
<doc id="20805855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805855" title="Abraham Shipman">
Abraham Shipman

Abraham Shipman was an Englishman appointed as governor of Bombay during the period of the Honourable East India Company. He assumed the office in March 1662 and died in office in October 1664, but did not gain possession of Bombay.
On 19 March 1662, Shipman was appointed the first Governor and General of the city of Bombay, and his fleet arrived there in about September or October 1662. On being asked to hand over Bombay and Salsette to the English, the Portuguese governor contended that the island of Bombay had alone been ceded, and on the ground of some alleged irregularity in the form of the letters patent, he refused to give up even Bombay. The Viceroy of Portuguese India declined to interfere, and Shipman was prevented from landing in Bombay. He died on the island of Anjediva in North Canara in October 1664.

</doc>
<doc id="20805862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805862" title="Humphrey Cooke">
Humphrey Cooke

Humphrey Cooke, known in Portuguese chronicles as Inofre Coque, was the first English governor of the Bombay Presidency during the rule of the Honourable East India Company.
Cooke completed negotiations for the Portuguese surrender of Bombay, begun by Sir Abraham Shipman, and assumed office as governor on February 18, 1665, after being conveyed to Bombay by three East India Company ships. According to Professor Shafaat Ahmad Khan, Cooke "took himself personally the possession and delivery of the said port and town of Bombay, walking thereupon, taking in his hand earth and stones, entering and walking upon its bastions, putting his hands to the walls thereof, and making all other like acts which in right were necessary without any impediment or contradiction."
Cooke left office on 5 November 1666, and his treaty was subsequently repudiated by King Charles II. He acquired Mahim, Sion, Dharavi, and Wadala for the English from the Portuguese.

</doc>
<doc id="20805873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805873" title="Edward Stillings">
Edward Stillings

Edward Stillings (July 9, 1823 – February 20, 1890) was an American lawyer, politician, judge, and businessman.
Early life.
Edward Stillings was born in Havre de Grace, Maryland in the early 19th century. He was the son of James Stillings and Mary Barnes, a descendant of Sir George Barne III. His parents descended from English immigrants of the colonial era who participated in the American Revolution as intelligence operatives, among other activities. His father James would serve in the War of 1812.
His parents were planters and slaveholders. However, the institution of slavery never appealed to them, and they freed their slaves. They moved west to Springfield, Ohio in 1828, before settling in Union County, Ohio in 1834, on that his father had purchased. James would be a trustee of Allen Township in Union County in 1841 and 1847.
Edward was raised in a Christian home and was well-educated as a young man, going on to graduate from Augusta College in Kentucky, studying the classics and mastering the Greek language. Edward decided he wanted to pursue law as a profession, and would ride his horse to Massachusetts to enroll in the Law Department at Harvard University. After receiving his law degree, he returned to Ohio, clerking for Judge Cole in Marysville, Ohio before establishing his own practice after being admitted to the bar in Cincinnati in April 1846.
Marriage and family.
Edward married Mary Smith on December 29, 1851 One of their sons, Vinton, was born in 1852. Mary was the granddaughter of Lt. Col. Cyrus Smith, who served under General Hull during the War of 1812 and for whom Edward had known from Maryland. Vinton was educated at the Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire where he was class president in 1874. However, he was educated at the University of Heidelberg in Germany after lacking interest to attend Yale as Exeter had prepared him for. He eventually became a State Senator in Kansas in 1904 and served many terms.
Edward's wife Mary died in July 1894, four years after Edward died in 1890.
Political and legal career.
Stillings became involved in politics soon after returning to Ohio, first as a member of the Whig Party, and eventually an original member of the Republican Party. In 1851 he was elected to the Kenton City Council and later to the Ohio General Assembly as a Republican representative. Notable legislation while there included Edward authoring the first turnpike law in Ohio history.
With the outbreak of the American Civil War, many of Edward's relatives would serve on the Union side. He was appointed to the Military Committee of Hardin County, by the Governor William Dennison, Jr. in 1861. Shortly thereafter, a friend of Edward's he knew earlier in life from Kenton, Ohio, Thomas Carney, had become the Governor of Kansas. At his request to come to Kansas to help forge the infant state ahead, Edward accepted.
Kansas.
Edward arrived in Leavenworth, Kansas in 1863. He was appointed city attorney of Leavenworth by the Carney administration. He would also be active in the business world, operating wagon trains across Kansas to forward goods to California and helping to construct the Kansas Central Railway. He would serve as the attorney for the First National Bank in Leavenworth, Kansas Central Railroad, Leavenworth and Atchison Railroad, and many other corporations in Kansas. A notable client also included Brigham Young of Salt Lake City.
He would be elected several times to the Kansas Legislature, where he was at one time the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee and would serve as a Judge pro tem of the District Court. In 1877 as Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, he would create the positions of three commissioners to codify the laws of the state, in which he would be appointed to one of those positions. Having a wealth of knowledge of the Ohio code from his days in the legislature there, much of the Kansas code would be copied from Ohio's. Stillings would argue many cases before the Supreme Court of the United States. He was considered one of the preeminent jurists in Kansas of that time.
The Edward Stillings House at 303 N. Esplanade, in the North Esplanade Historic District of Leavenworth, is listed among the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20805878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805878" title="Atsushi Mio">
Atsushi Mio


</doc>
<doc id="20805892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805892" title="Gervase Lucas">
Gervase Lucas

Gervase Lucas was a governor of Bombay during the British Raj. He assumed the office on 5 November 1666. He died in office on 21 May 1667. He built a garrison on the island having a reinforcement of 60 men under a lieutenant, together with a supply of clothes, ammunition and stores, and a small vessel.
Lucas had his predecessor in office Humphrey Cooke jail for extortion while in office. After Cooke escaped and went to aid the Portuguese he was charged with treason.

</doc>
<doc id="20805901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805901" title="Ken Yorii">
Ken Yorii


</doc>
<doc id="20805904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805904" title="Henry Gary">
Henry Gary

Captain Henry Gary was an English governor of Bombay during the period that Bombay was a Crown Colony of England prior to the rule of the Honourable East India Company. He assumed the office on 22 May 1667 and left office on 23 September 1668. He raised the general revenues of the Bombay island, enlarged the land-forces, mounted artillery on substantial carriages, and improved the fortifications of the island
Some claimed Gary was of either Venetian or Greek origin. He became governor on the death of his predecessor Sir Gervase Lucas. Gary had a house in Goa. Gary was replaced as governor by Gerald Aungier the first English East India Company governor of Bombay.
Gary later served as the first Chief Justice of Bombay to not simultaneously serve as governor.

</doc>
<doc id="20805907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805907" title="La Quarantaine (novel)">
La Quarantaine (novel)

La Quarantaine is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio .

</doc>
<doc id="20805909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805909" title="Ernst Stäudle">
Ernst Stäudle

Ernst Stäudle was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Ernst Stäudle, was awarded the Knight's Cross in April 1942, while serving as an Oberscharfuhrer (Staff Sergeant) in the 8th battery, 3rd SS Artillery Regiment, SS Division "Totenkopf" on the Russian front (Eastern Front).
Personal.
Stäudle was married to Margareta Hugo of Würzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20805912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805912" title="Ollersett">
Ollersett

Ollersett is an area of New Mills, Derbyshire, England, about northeast of the town centre, between St. George's Road and High Hill Road. It is about long with about 100 houses, mostly built in the late 1940s.
Ollersett Field.
Ollersett Field is a small field to the north of Ollersett with an area of around . It was the location of the 2006 New Mills carnival fair. There are plans for it to be turned into a football pitch for New Mills AFC. To one side of the field runs the Sett Valley Trail.
Ollersett Allotments.
Ollersett Allotments are a set of allotments at one end of Ollersett Field owned by New Mills Town Council, and managed by New Mills Allotment and Gardening Society. They are rented out for £25 per year and postcards are available for 25p at New Mills Heritage Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20805922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805922" title="Junya Kuno">
Junya Kuno


</doc>
<doc id="20805925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805925" title="Jack Stubbs">
Jack Stubbs

Jack Stubbs (April 6, 1913 – February 2, 1997) was an American set decorator, who was born in Scotland. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing".

</doc>
<doc id="20805929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805929" title="Sir Henry Oxenden, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Henry Oxenden, 3rd Baronet

Sir Henry Oxenden, 3rd Baronet (1645 – 1709), was the English deputy-governor of Bombay of East India Company. He assumed the office on 30 June 1677 and left office on 27 October 1681.
He was the second son of the M.P. of Sandwich Sir Henry Oxenden, 1st Baronet, and the nephew of Sir George Oxenden.

</doc>
<doc id="20805940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805940" title="Daisuke Kanzaki">
Daisuke Kanzaki

He previously played for Ventforet Kofu in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20805941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805941" title="Richard Keigwin (Governor of Bombay)">
Richard Keigwin (Governor of Bombay)

Captain Richard Keigwin (died 21 June 1690) was a governor of Bombay (now Mumbai) during the early period of English rule of that place. He was never fully recognized in this position by the English. He acted as governor of Bombay from 1683-1684.
Keigwin had served as governor of St. Helena prior to coming to Bombay in 1676. At the time Bombay was under the control of the English East India Company however Keigwin was an independent settler. Shortly after arriving he organized a military force and quickly gained a seat on the governing council of Bombay. From 1677-1681 he served as the head of company military forces in Bombay, but the Bombay trading operations were under the control a governor based in Surat with a deputy governor at Bombay. In 1679 Keigwin was involved in winning a significant naval victory against the Mahrattas. During this time the head government authority in Bombay was Henry Oxenden. In 1682 John Child became governor of East India Company Operations based in Surat. He received orders to reduce the cost of operations in Bombay and sent his brother-in-law Charles Ward to serve as his deputy in Bombay. The troops in Bombay did not like having their wages cut so they revolted and declared Keigwin governor.
Keigwin then sent a letter to England asking Charles II to take direct control of Bombay again stating that the East India Company had failed. After running Bombay for about a year Sir Thomas Grantham arrived to straighten things out. Grantham worked out a general pardon, allowed Keigwin to retain the salary he had collected while acting as governor and then brought Keigwin back to England with him.

</doc>
<doc id="20805942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805942" title="Signifying monkey">
Signifying monkey

The Signifying Monkey is a character of African-American folklore that derives from the trickster figure of Yoruba mythology, Esu Elegbara. This character was transported with Africans to the Americas under the names of Exu, Echu-Elegua, Papa Legba, and Papa Le Bas. Esu and his variants all serve as messengers who mediated between the gods and men by means of tricks. The Signifying Monkey is “distinctly Afro-American” but is thought to derive from Yoruban mythology, which depicts Echu-Elegua with a monkey at his side. 
Numerous songs and narratives concern the Signifying Monkey and his interactions with his friends, the Lion and the Elephant. In general the stories depict the Signifying Monkey insulting the Lion, but claiming that he is only repeating the Elephant’s words. The Lion then confronts the Elephant, who soundly beats the Lion. The Lion later comes to realize that the Monkey has been signifyin(g) and has duped him and returns angrily.
The Signifying Monkey is a classic routine originally on a comedy album by Rudy Ray Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="20805947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805947" title="Agnelo Gracias">
Agnelo Gracias

Agnelo Rufino Gracias (born 30 July 1939) is the Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bombay.
References.
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bgraci.html

</doc>
<doc id="20805955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805955" title="John Wyborne">
John Wyborne

Sir John Wyborne was an English governor of Bombay during the period of the Honourable East India Company. He assumed the office in 1686 and left office on February 4, 1690.

</doc>
<doc id="20805969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805969" title="Bartholomew Harris">
Bartholomew Harris

Bartholomew Harris was a governor of Bombay during the British Raj. He assumed the office on February 4, 1690. He left office on 10 May 1694.

</doc>
<doc id="20805974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805974" title="Daniel Annesley">
Daniel Annesley

Daniel Annesley was an English governor of the Bombay Presidency in the days of the Honourable East India Company. He assumed the office on 10 May 1694 and left office on 17 May 1694.

</doc>
<doc id="20805977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805977" title="Atsushi Izawa">
Atsushi Izawa


</doc>
<doc id="20805988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805988" title="Valentine Mason Johnson">
Valentine Mason Johnson

Valentine Mason Johnson (July 17, 1838 – October 19, 1909) was a professor of mathematics and the Superintendent of the West Florida Seminary during the American Civil War. Johnson was born in Spotsylvania County, Virginia and was an 1860 graduate of the Virginia Military Institute. Johnson died in Mountville, Virginia.
Johnson trained students at the West Florida Seminary who fought in the Battle of Natural Bridge and defeated Union forces attempting to capture Tallahassee, Florida. As a result of the battle, Tallahassee was the only Confederate capital east of the Mississippi River that did not fall to Union forces.

</doc>
<doc id="20805990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805990" title="Grand Theater Station">
Grand Theater Station

Grand Theater Station (), literally means "Dajuyuan Station", is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of the junction of Shennan Donglu () and Jiefang Road () in Luohu District, Shenzhen, China. Its name is from Shenzhen Grand Theater (). It is near Shenzhen Book City (). It is an interchange station between Luobao Line, Shekou Line and the future Neihuan Line.
If passengers want to transfer from Luobao Line to Shekou Line or from Shekou Line to Luobao Line, he or she should up to the Lobby of B1F at first.

</doc>
<doc id="20805997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805997" title="Poisson d'or (novel)">
Poisson d'or (novel)

"Poisson d'or" (meaning "Fish of Gold" in English) is a novel by the French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. It is the story of an Arab girl whose life is full of adventures. A brothel in Morocco, a Spanish slum, Parisian Bohemian life, and at last a trip to America, where she fulfills her dream of becoming a jazz singer.

</doc>
<doc id="20805998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20805998" title="John Gayer (died 1711)">
John Gayer (died 1711)

Sir John Gayer (died 1711) was an English governor of Bombay for the East India Company. He assumed the office on 17 May 1694; he officially left office on November 1704. Gayer's tenure as Governor was dominated by difficulties with the English Company Trading to the East Indies (New Company), set up in 1698; and he was kept imprisoned for much of it.
Life.
He was the son of Humfrey Gayer, merchant, of Plymouth, Devon, and nephew of Sir John Gayer, Lord Mayor of London. At an early age he entered the service of the East India Company, and rose to be a sea-captain. On being appointed by the owners commander of the ship Society, he was admitted into the freedom of the company on 7 April 1682. On 3 June 1692 he was chosen governor of the port and island of Bombay.
In 1693, when Sir John Goldsborough was appointed General by the Company, Gayer was to succeed him in case of death. He went out in December 1693 as governor of Bombay and General, reaching the Indian coast at Calicut on 5 March 1694, and there hearing of the death of Goldsborough.
In 1699 the forerunners of the New Company were followed by Sir Nicholas Waite (a dismissed agent of the old company) as president at Surat and king's consul. Waite intrigued against the Old Company, and charged his rivals with piracy. The servants of the Old (or London) Company refused to recognise the new men or the authority of Sir William Norris, who came out as William III's ambassador to Aurangzeb. The ambassador arrived on 10 December 1700, convoyed by four king's ships. A contest in bribery began between the agents of the two companies. Gayer left his stronghold at Bombay and came to Swally (Suvali), the roadstead of Surat, to arrange the disputes in which the governor of Surat was involved. He was arrested there, in consequence apparently of Waite's charges.
Along with his wife and some of his council, Gayer was removed to Surat by a body of native troops, and confined to the factory. His confinement, with some temporary suspension, endured for years. He was still a prisoner in the beginning of 1709, when the Old and New companies had been amalgamated. In letters dated from Surat, 31 March and 25 April 1706, Gayer and his council give a picture of the anarchy in Gujarat and the country between Surat and Ahmedabad. In the end the Old Company, in a letter to Gayer, dated 20 April 1708, stated that Waite had been removed; and, as Gayer's captivity disqualified him from succeeding, William Aislabie, deputy-governor at Bombay, had been appointed general in his place. They also hinted that Gayer might have gained his liberty had he not stood so much on the details of release. He was released by 5 October 1710. On that day he made his will in Bombay Castle, and died there, probably in the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20806002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806002" title="Nicholas Waite">
Nicholas Waite

Nicholas Waite was an English governor of Bombay during the period of the Honourable East India Company. He assumed the office on 17 May 1694 and left office in November 1704. He was born in a village called hepworth in south yourkshire and at the age of 6 he moved to a village called wolsingham and then went on to be famous.

</doc>
<doc id="20806003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806003" title="Iwan Wirth">
Iwan Wirth

Iwan Wirth (born 1970, Zürich) is a Swiss art dealer and gallery owner. 
Together with Manuela Wirth and Ursula Hauser (respectively his wife and mother-in-law), Iwan Wirth is co-President and owner of Hauser & Wirth, an international 
gallery of contemporary and modern art. Over a period of two decades, Hauser & Wirth has hosted exhibitions by Christoph Büchel, Louise Bourgeois, Martin Creed and Paul McCarthy, among others. In addition to collaborating with more than 40 artists, Hauser & Wirth represents The Estate of Eva Hesse, Allan Kaprow Estate, The Estate of Lee Lozano, The Estate of Jason Rhoades, Dieter Roth Estate and the Henry Moore Family Collection. 
Since it was founded in 1992, Wirth has led the expansion of the gallery, adding four permanent exhibition spaces: Hauser & Wirth Zürich (opened in 1996); Hauser & Wirth London, Piccadilly (opened in 2003); Hauser & Wirth New York (opened in 2009); and Hauser & Wirth London, Savile Row (opened in 2010). In 2011, Wirth was named the most important contemporary art dealer in Europe and recently ranked fourth in the world in Art Review’s latest ‘The Power 100’ released in October 2012. The New York Times described Wirth as ‘one of the most powerful players in contemporary art’, while a recent survey of artists’ opinions for Flash Art magazine’s ‘100 Top International Galleries’, voted the gallery number one in Europe and second in the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="20806008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806008" title="William Aislabie (governor)">
William Aislabie (governor)

William Aislabie was a British governor of the Bombay Presidency during the days of the Honourable East India Company. He assumed the office in September 1708 and left office on 11 October 1715.

</doc>
<doc id="20806009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806009" title="Patrick Achi">
Patrick Achi

Patrick Achi (born November 17, 1955) is an Ivorian politician. A member of the Parti démocratique de Côte d'Ivoire, he studied at the University of Paris and Stanford University and specialises in engineering and infrastructure. He is also the government spokesman for Alassane Ouattara, president of Ivory Coast.
Achi is the Minister of Economic Infrastructure for the Cote d'Ivoire government.

</doc>
<doc id="20806013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806013" title="Testacella scutulum">
Testacella scutulum

Testacella scutulum is an air-breathing, carnivorous land slug, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Testacellidae, the shelled slugs.
Like other species in the genus, this European slug eats earthworms, spends most of its life underground, and is rarely seen.
Description.
This slug, like others in the family, has a small shell which is situated towards the rear of the animal. The specific name means "shield", a reference to the shape of the shell. 
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of European countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20806014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806014" title="Jessica Varnish">
Jessica Varnish

Jessica "Jess" Varnish (born 19 November 1990) is a British track cyclist. Varnish is part of the reigning world record holding European team sprint champions and is a bronze medalist at the World Championships for the 500 metres.
Biography.
Jessica Varnish was born in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire on 19 November 1990, the daughter of James "Jim" Varnish, a keen cyclist. She attended South Bromsgrove High School.
At the age of 14, Varnish competed unofficially at the 2006 Junior World Championships in Belgium. She took a second off the British 500m standing start record, setting a new time of 37.1 seconds.
She made her first appearance in GB kit at the Austrian Junior International in January 2006. She became a member of British Cycling's Olympic Development Programme whilst still a junior. Being just 17 at the time, Varnish was selected for the programme a year ahead of the rest of her age group, demonstrating British Cycling's belief in her potential.
Her first performance at senior level was in the 2008 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Manchester.
In March 2009, Varnish was awarded the "junior female sports personality of the year" trophy at the Sports Partnership Herefordshire and Worcestershire Sports Awards.
Virgin Trains Pendolino 390027 was named after her on 29 June 2011.
On 18 February, Varnish competed at the 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Cup in the new Olympic Velodrome. Along with her team-mate Victoria Pendleton, they broke the world record of the women's team sprint taking gold.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Varnish and Pendleton broke the world record in the qualifying stages of the team sprint before being relegated in the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806017" title="Stephen Strutt">
Stephen Strutt

Stephen Strutt was the former governor of Mumbai during the British Raj. He assumed the office on 11 October 1715. He left office on 26 December 1715.

</doc>
<doc id="20806020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806020" title="Willis Group">
Willis Group

Willis Group Holdings plc is a multinational risk advisor, insurance brokerage and reinsurance brokerage company with its headquarters in the Willis Building in London. It is the world's third-largest insurance broker when measured by revenues. Willis has around 400 offices in 120 countries and approximately 17,000 employees.
Willis acts as an intermediary between its clients and insurance carriers, advising its clients on risk management requirements, helping them determine the best way to manage risk, and negotiating and placing insurance risk with insurance carriers. It has major clients in the aerospace, marine, construction, and energy industries.
Willis is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Willis Group is not related to Willis Lease Finance Corporation of Novato, California (Nasdaq: WLFC)
History.
The company was founded by Henry Willis in London in 1828, and initially operated as "Henry Willis & Co." In 1898 it merged with "Faber Brothers" (founded in 1886) to form "Willis Faber", and then in 1928 it merged with "Dumas & Wylie" (founded in 1843) to create "Willis, Faber & Dumas". It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1976 as "Willis Faber".
It expanded into the United States in 1990 when it merged with "Corroon & Black" (founded as "R. A. Corroon & Co." in 1905) to form the "Willis Corroon Group". In 1998 in a leveraged buyout the Company was acquired by "Trinity Acquisition" on behalf of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, and in 1999 the name "Willis Group" was adopted. It was first listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2001.
Willis moved into the Willis Building, its new London headquarters, in May 2008.
In October 2008, Willis acquired "Hilb, Rogal & Hobbs Co." (HRH), one of the largest insurance and risk management intermediaries in North America and this has boosted their North American presence, as well as acquired Glencairn LImited which has augmented its Lloyd's of London Market strength.
The 108-story Sears Tower in Chicago was renamed the Willis Tower in July 2009. Willis secured the naming rights as part of its agreement to lease of space in the tower. It was the world's tallest building from 1974 until 1998, when it was surpassed by the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Willis announced plans in 2009 to relocate its registered office from Bermuda to Ireland. Its shareholders approved the move in December 2009, and the company announced on 31 December 2009, that its reorganisation has been completed and the new parent company of the Willis Group – known as Willis Group Holdings Public Limited Company – is incorporated in Ireland.
Operations.
Willis has 400 offices in more than 100 countries.
Sponsorship.
Willis Group is sponsor of The Willis Resilience Expedition, a scientific program in Antarctica to better understand our changing climate and build resilience to weather-related risk.

</doc>
<doc id="20806030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806030" title="Charles Boone (governor)">
Charles Boone (governor)

Charles Boone was a British governor of the Bombay Presidency during the period of the Honourable East India Company, serving from 1715 to 1722.

</doc>
<doc id="20806034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806034" title="Richard Bourchier">
Richard Bourchier

Richard Bourchier was the former governor of Mumbai during the British Raj from 1750 to 1760.

</doc>
<doc id="20806047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806047" title="Charles Crommelin">
Charles Crommelin

Charles Crommelin (1717–1788) was the former governor of Mumbai during the British Raj from 1760 to 1767. 
Crommelin was born in Bombay, where his father, Marc Anthony Crommelin was a factor for the British East India Company. Charles first joined the staff of the East India Company in 1733 

</doc>
<doc id="20806051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806051" title="Ourania (novel)">
Ourania (novel)

Ourania is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
Plot summary.
Le Clézio lived for fifteen years in a small village in Mexico called Valle de Bravo. Children invented an imaginary country and ideal, Ourania, and this book describes a near-Utopian society in Mexico. Two types of Utopias are compared to each other: a modest Utopia from the Jesuits and the other an ideal city called Santa Fe de la Laguna. The book mentions the transhumant movement Rainbows (1970–1980) and the Salvadoran revolution and its leader, Monsignor Romero. Failure was inevitable. Dreams are necessessary, even if reality isn't.
Awards.
The book won the “annual best foreign novels in 21st century” by the People’s Literature Publishing House (PLPH) January 28, 2007.
Brief Introduction.
Ourania originates from Greek mythology and first meant the muse of astronomy which was extended to the meaning of the heavenly world. This book describes a near-Utopian society in the name of Campos in Mexico. People here are vagrants from other corners of the world. All partners are equal regardless of age, social status and wealth class. Campos is a place which is abundant in the differences of nation, language, lifestyle and culture. Here, knowledge is used to forget. Camposers never study by books, they are just exposed to the world to feel freedom and truth. In contrast to the reality which is full of clash of civilizations, racial discrimination and language struggle, Campos is like real heaven's reflection on the ground. It is a utopian life state that is put by Le Clézio in the novel.
From scientists who fight for rights in the research laboratory to hookers and children who are oppressed, author told aggrievedly that in some corners of the world, there is no place for goodness and ugly lives live happily.The sentence "We don't know both day and time" appears for four times in the novel and even be the title of the last chapter. Just as in the form of the echo, it speaks out people's confusion at time. Just in this case, the novel shows an unknown ending for Campos. Under the leadership of new leader Odi, Camposers go to new lands and life which shows a strong faith to future. Although the real world is harsh and the future is unknown, people still keep hope for the life. Because as is known to all who had seen the brightness, the day is determined to break.

</doc>
<doc id="20806052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806052" title="Kansas's at-large congressional district">
Kansas's at-large congressional district

Kansas's At-large district for the United States House of Representatives in the state of Kansas is a defunct congressional district. It existed from statehood January 29, 1861 to March 4, 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="20806053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806053" title="Arata Sugiyama">
Arata Sugiyama

Club career stats.
As of 13 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20806055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806055" title="Svetlana Bogdanova">
Svetlana Bogdanova

Svetlana Bogdanova (, born July 12, 1964) is a Russian former handball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 she won the bronze medal with the Unified Team. She played all five matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20806058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806058" title="Rawson Hart Boddam">
Rawson Hart Boddam

Rawson Hart Boddam (1734 – 20 May 1812, Bath) was the former Governor of the Bombay Presidency during the rule of the East India Company in British India from 1784–1788. 
Boddam entered East India Company service in 1752. In 1760 he married Mary Sclater, sister of the Eliza for whom Laurence Sterne wrote his "Journal to Eliza", though Mary died soon after the birth of a son Charles (1762-1811) and is buried in St. Thomas Cathedral, Mumbai 
Rawson Hart Boddam was the first Governor of Bombay to be paid entirely by salary, at an annual rate of nearly £10,000. By a second wife, Eliza Maria Tudor, he had nine children, and settled at Capel House, Bull's Cross, near Enfield on his return to England. He died 'aged 78 years' in May 1812. In the 1920s a portrait was in the possession of Mrs. Hungerford Meyer Boddam, of Capel House, Guildford.

</doc>
<doc id="20806062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806062" title="Christine Adjobi">
Christine Adjobi

Dr. Christine Adjobi is an Ivorian politician and physician. A member of the Ivorian Popular Front (FPI), she is Minister for the Fight Against AIDS in the Ivorian government of Prime Minister Guillaume Soro. In 2002-2003, during the Ivorian Civil War, Dr. Adjobi was Delegate Minister in Charge of the Fight Against AIDS. As such, she headed a campaign in the besieged areas, aimed at refugees of war, native peoples, and the national armed forces (FANCI), all of whom, in times of war, run a greater risk of infection with HIV and other sexually transmitted infections. She decided to take into psychosocial and therapeutic care HIV positive people. Thus, successively, she joined the CDC's Retro-CI Project at the Center for Diagnosis and Research on AIDS and other opportunistic infections (CEDRES), in the outpatient unit of the University Hospital Center of Treichville.

</doc>
<doc id="20806064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806064" title="3T Cycling">
3T Cycling

3T Cycling is an Italian cycle sport company associated with many champion cyclists. It was founded in 1961 and soon won a reputation for lightweight racing cycle componentry.
It pioneered the use of aerospace-grade aluminum alloys, and worked closely with pro cyclists to shape handlebars to their exact requirements. 3T's first aero bar set the pattern for all cyclists aiming for sheer speed against the clock.
3T switched production to carbon-fiber composite materials and in 2008 returned to pro cycling after several years' absence. For the 2008 season it sponsored the CSC team, which won the Tour de France. 3T sponsors three pro teams for the 2009 professional season.
The quest for light weight.
3T is an Italian cycle sport firm, located in Madone, near Milano. It was originally known as 3TTT — Tecnologia del Tubo Torinese (Turin Tube Technology). Many competitions have been won on 3T components, including the Tour de France, Olympic races, World Championships, and the World Hour record.
The firm was founded by Mario Dedioniggi in Torino in 1961. Dedioniggi was skilled at manipulating and bending steel tubes to fabricate the lightweight handlebars desired by racing cyclists, and Italian professional riders were among 3T’s first customers.
By 1970 3T handlebars and stems were in widespread use in the European professional peloton. In the quest for lighter weight, 3T switched production to aluminum alloy in place of steel. It was among the first to use aluminum for these components, where strength is critical to safety.
In 1975 it produced the Superleggera weighing 250 grammes — claimed to be the world's lightest drop handlebar. This bar was the first to be made of 7075 aluminium alloy, a material usually used in aerospace applications. The high strength-to-weight ratio of this alloy, also known as Ergal, found uses in other sports: 3T ski poles sold well for several seasons during the 1970s.
Aerodynamics arrive.
The firm worked closely with professional racers to refine the design of their handlebars. The various 'bends' took their name from the champions of the era — Merckx, Saronni, Moser, and Gimondi. In 1984 Francesco Moser used a newly developed 3T bar to capture the world hour record, breaking through the 50-kilometre barrier for the first time.
This new 'bullhorn' bar put the rider in a lower, more aerodynamic position for greater speed. Most riders in search of pure speed now use a similar position. In Moser's honor, 3T named the bar '51.151' — the distance Moser covered in kilometres (31.784 miles) at the Mexico City velodrome on January 23, 1984.
Transatlantic alliances.
3T continued to develop new handlebar designs to assist riders reach their goal of greater speed. The growing power in world cycling, the United States, started to take notice. Scott USA commissioned 3T to create the first handlebars specific to triathlon use, and in a departure from its roots in road racing, 3T partnered with Salsa Cycles to create a range of mountain-bike components. Success was immediate: in 1994, Nicolas Vouilloz won the third of his many World Championship downhill titles in Vail (CO) on a 3T bar.
New technology drivers.
Bicycle components underwent radical change in the 1990s. The traditional quill handlebar stem was rendered obsolete by the introduction of the threadless headset. 3T responded with the industry's first forged stem for this application, the ForgeAhead. Other manufacturers followed 3T's lead and switched to this technique, abandoning welded stems.
By the late 1990s, carbon-fiber composites were becoming the major driver of change. 3T, best known for its skill in aluminum alloy fabrication, took up the challenge of re-engineering to build components in composite materials. Race successes continued with Gold in the World Championships in 2000 and 2002 and a string of popular wins for Erik Zabel in the Italian home classic, Milan – San Remo, but it was not until 2008 that 3T again saw victory in a major tour.
Renewed race success.
For the 2008 season, 3T sponsored Team CSC. The team debuted a new, all-composites aerofoil time-trial bar, the 3T Ventus. The team's World Champion time trialist, Fabian Cancellara, rode this to victory at the Prologue of the Amgen Tour of California. Moving on to the European season at the Giro d'Italia, CSC's youthful team narrowly failed to win the race's opening Team Time Trial.
Great success followed at the Tour de France. CSC captain Carlos Sastre won the Yellow Jersey of the Overall winner, his team mate Andy Schleck won the White Jersey for Best Young Rider, and CSC won Best Team. Race reports noted Sastre's outstanding performance in limiting his losses in the final weekend's Individual Time trial, where he was widely expected to lose the lead to his nearest rival, Cadel Evans.
Riding for Switzerland at the Beijing Olympics shortly after, Cancellara won Gold in the Men's Time Trial, beating his team mate Gustav Larsson, riding for Sweden, into second place, both riders using the Ventus bar. Their team captain Carlos Sastre animated the Men's Road Race, while Cancellara eventually placed third, one of three riders in the first five finishers riding 3T.
For the 2009 season, 3T is sponsoring three professional teams: Cervélo TestTeam (captained by Carlos Sastre), Garmin Slipstream, and Milram.

</doc>
<doc id="20806078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806078" title="Herdings Towers">
Herdings Towers

The Herdings Towers are two twin towers in Sheffield, England. These are the highest buildings in the city. They are built on a hill, so they are not the tallest. The North Tower is slightly higher than the South Tower because it is on a higher point of the hill. 
There used to be three towers, but one was demolished with a controlled explosion as it was announced unsafe. It was demolished in December 1983.
The towers are around 70m tall each, and they are two brick and concrete towers. One has white cladding with a stripe of blue down each side, one is white with a green stripe of cladding on each side. The cladding is made of a mix of aluminium and plastic.

</doc>
<doc id="20806082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806082" title="Naoki Wako">
Naoki Wako


</doc>
<doc id="20806088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806088" title="Daniel Macaulay Stevenson">
Daniel Macaulay Stevenson

Sir Daniel Macauley Stevenson, 1st Baronet (1 August 1851 – 11 July 1944), was a Scottish politician, businessman and philanthropist, and former Chancellor of the University of Glasgow. His brother was Robert Macaulay Stevenson, a painter associated with the Glasgow Boys.
Biography.
Born in Glasgow in 1851, Stevenson made his fortune in the shipbroking and coal exportation industries before being elected to the City Council as a Liberal in 1882. Whilst on the Council, he was responsible for the Sunday-opening of the City's museums and galleries in 1898, the establishment of free branch libraries in 1899 and the introduction of a municipal telephone service in 1900. He was elected Lord Provost of Glasgow from 1911 until 1914, at which point he was awarded an honorary LL.D. by the University of Glasgow, and was created a Baronet, of Cleveden, Kelvinside,
in the County of the City of Glasgow. He unsuccessfully contested the Partick seat at the 1922 General Election. He received the Freedom of the City in 1929. 
Stevenson devoted much of his time to charitable work, particularly improving international cohesion between young people following the Great War. He inaugurated the Stevenson Lectureship in Citizenship was in 1921, and the Stevenson Chair of Italian and the Stevenson Chair of Spanish (now the Stevenson Chair in Hispanic Studies) in 1924, and in 1942 presented two gifts of £60,000 (more than £1.7m today) to the Engineering Department, and to the University for exchange scholarships with European universities.
In 1934, Stevenson was elected Chancellor of the University, a post he held until his death.
Following his death, the trustees of his estate donated significant sums to assist the construction of a physical recreation building at the University in 1960, now named the Stevenson Building, and for the establishment of the Stevenson Chair of French Language and Literature in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20806089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806089" title="G. Brown">
G. Brown

G. Brown was the British Governor of Bombay from 1811 to 1812, during the period of the Honourable East India Company's rule in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20806092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806092" title="Kansas's 6th congressional district">
Kansas's 6th congressional district

Kansas's 6th congressional district is an obsolete district for representation in the United States House of Representatives.
It existed from 1885 to 1963. 

</doc>
<doc id="20806095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806095" title="Kansas's 5th congressional district">
Kansas's 5th congressional district

Kansas's 5th congressional district is an obsolete district for representation in the United States House of Representatives.
It existed from 1885 to 1993. 

</doc>
<doc id="20806103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806103" title="Yutaka Yoshida">
Yutaka Yoshida

He was a member of U-17 Japan national football team for 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20806105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806105" title="Jaydee (comics)">
Jaydee (comics)

Jaydee is a French comic book character created by Danilo Grossi for French publisher Editions Lug in 1988. 
Jaydee (or "Jayde" in the original French version) is an alien abandoned on Earth as a baby. Raised in an orphanage, he later befriends Mary Stone and discovers that he has the power to metamorphose into any animal of his choice. He is then led to believe that he is the son of the King of the planet Tzara, who was deposed and killed by his cousin Utor. Jaydee becomes the leader of the rebellion, returns to Tzara, defeats Utor and reclaims his throne.
Eight episodes of "Jaydee" were originally published in the digest size magazines "Special-Rodeo" and "Blek". The series was then discontinued. 
The character returned in 2002 in "Special-Zembla" No. 168, where it was revealed that his space adventure was a virtual reality simulation created by the villainess Tarantula, who planned to use him as her tool against the "Strangers", in the eponymous comic-book series, written by Jean-Marc Lofficier. There, it was revealed that Jaydee was in reality a "Salamandrite," a living weapon made by the mysterious Constructors of Zade. Freed from outside influences, Jaydee then agreed to join C.L.A.S.H. Jaydee's last appearance was in "Yuma" No. 9 in 2003.
Jaydee is now part of Hexagon Comics which will publish a trade paperback collection of his adventures translated into English in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20806107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806107" title="James Rivett-Carnac">
James Rivett-Carnac

Sir James Rivett-Carnac, 1st Baronet (11 November 1784 – 28 January 1846) was the governor of the Bombay Presidency of British India from 1839 to 1842. His family name came about in 1801, when his father was made testamentary by his brother-in-law General John Carnac, husband of Elizabeth Rivett (1751–1780).
Born in Bombay in 1784, Carnac served the East India Company in India from 1801 and was a director of the Company for various periods between 1827 and 1838. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in May 1838.
He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Sandwich from 1837 to 1839, and was made a baronet in 1836.
Rivett-Carnac is the ancestor of the Rivett-Carnac baronets, of whom the most well-known member today is the bag designer Lulu Guinness (born 1960), daughter of the last baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="20806110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806110" title="Révolutions (novel)">
Révolutions (novel)

Révolutions is a novel by French writer and Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio. No English translation has yet been published.

</doc>
<doc id="20806111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806111" title="Lestock Robert Reid">
Lestock Robert Reid

Lestock Robert Reid was the former governor of Mumbai during the British Raj from 1846–1847.

</doc>
<doc id="20806112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806112" title="Martial Joseph Ahipeaud">
Martial Joseph Ahipeaud

Martial Joseph Ahipeaud (born June 29, 1966, in Lakota) is an Ivorian politician. A founding member of the Fédération estudiantine et scolaire de Côte d'Ivoire (FESCI) formed in 1990 of which he became the first Secretary General, he is the president of the Union for Development and Liberties (UDL) since 2006. Ahipeaud was also adviser to the President Robert Guéï from 2000 to 2002.
As a consultant of international relations and intermediation, Ahipeaud is also a university teacher.
Married and father of three children, he is a Doctor in the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London. His thesis dealt with "The Ideology of Elite Ivorians - Press and Politics of 1944 to 1999"
Ahipeaud advocated the "third way" concerning his political party, the UDL.

</doc>
<doc id="20806118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806118" title="Galina Borzenkova">
Galina Borzenkova

Galina Borzenkova (, born February 2, 1964) is a Russian former handball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 she won the bronze medal with the Unified Team. She played all five matches and scored five goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806136" title="Natalya Deryugina">
Natalya Deryugina

Natalya Deryugina (, born April 23, 1971) is a Russian handball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 she won the bronze medal with the Unified Team. She played all five matches and scored 14 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806139" title="2002 ASP World Tour">
2002 ASP World Tour

The ASP World Tour is a professional competitive surfing league. It is run by the Association of Surfing Professionals.
Men's World Tour.
Tournaments.
Source
Final Standings.
Source
Women's World Tour.
Tournaments.
Source
Final Standings.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="20806140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806140" title="My Whole World Ended">
My Whole World Ended

My Whole World Ended is the 1969 debut solo album of David Ruffin, who had risen to fame as lead singer of The Temptations from 1964 to 1968. Released on Motown Records, "My Whole World Ended" features the title track, as well as other tracks produced by in-house Motown producers such as Harvey Fuqua, Johnny Bristol, Paul Riser and Ivy Jo Hunter.

</doc>
<doc id="20806142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806142" title="Daniel Aka Ahizi">
Daniel Aka Ahizi


</doc>
<doc id="20806148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806148" title="Lyudmila Gudz">
Lyudmila Gudz

Lyudmila Gudz (, born September 10, 1969) is a Russian handball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 she won the bronze medal with the Unified Team. She played all five matches and scored five goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806159" title="Larisa Kiselyova">
Larisa Kiselyova

Larisa Kiselyova (, born November 3, 1970) is a Russian handball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 she won the bronze medal with the Unified Team. She played four matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806163" title="Passauer Eisenbahnfreunde">
Passauer Eisenbahnfreunde

The Passauer Eisenbahnfreunde (Passau Railway Society) or PEF is a German railway society with the aim of preserving historic railway vehicles in working order in order to operate them.
The society was founded in 1978 in Passau. In 2007 it had about 190 members and is registered as a limited company ("e. V.").
Vehicles.
All vehicles belonging to the society are maintained and repaired by volunteer mechanics in their free time. The inspections and certifications are carried out by independent experts in order to guarantee operating safety.
Traction units.
Railbuses.
The society owns two Class 798 railbuses, an associated VB 98 centre car and a VS 98 driving car. Apart from one power car, all parts of the multiple unit have passed their general inspection and may therefore operate on networks owned by DB AG, ČD, Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB) and other companies. The general inspection of the second power car was due in 2007.
For more information: see the Uerdingen railbus article.
V 40 diesel locomotive.
In order to be able to carry out shunting, a Class V 40 diesel locomotive was procured. This engine is equipped with remote control and automatic couplers, in order to be able to shunt with the minimum of staff. The V40 has a top speed of 45 km/h and a power output of 400 PS.
Köf III.
In December 2006 a Köf III (332 052-0) was bought from Regensburg locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk") to relieve the V 40. This engine entered service at Bahnbetriebswerk Passau in 1963 and was stationed there until its retirement in 2000. The locomotive was bought from the DB in a pitiful state; the engine was no longer usable because important levers and armatures had been removed from the driver's cab or destroyed. However within a few weeks, the PEF succeeded in getting it into a workable condition. The engine had a general inspection in spring 2007 and is now fully operational again.
Auerhahn.
The Class 018 shunter was built in 1954 for the Peine steelworks. With a power of just 28 PS it is the least powerful engine owned by the society, but at 10 tonnes it is also the lightest. The locomotive was restored in the 1990s as a youth project. It was given its nickname "Auerhahn" ("capercaillie" or "wood grouse") because of its noise when running, which sounds like a courting capercaillie.
Feldbahnlok
Because there are a few metres of narrow gauge field railway ("Feldbahn") track in front of the society's shed, a narrow gauge engine was also obtained. In 2006 a passenger coach was built from the chassis of an old tipper truck, which now runs on the 90 m long line.
Skl departmental wagon.
In order to maintain branch lines that the society has operated for several decades, an engineering vehicle ("Rottenkraftwagen"), made by the firm of Waggon Union in Berlin, was bought. This departmental wagon is equipped with an Atlas crance in order to lift small loads. To go with it, the society has a heavy small wagon ("Schwerkleinwagen") as a load carrier. This pair of wagons can run at a top speed of 70 km/h and has a line certificate.
Coaches and Wagons.
"F-Zug" express train.
Blue liveried coaches of classes Aüe 310, ABüe 333, Büe 366 and ARmz 216 form an "F-Zug" long-distance express train rake from the 1950s. The "F-Zug" coaches are currently on long loan to the Ulmer Eisenbahnfreunde. Only the ARmz 216 dining car returned to the PEF in March 2007 because its general inspection was due.
"Zigzag" sleeper.
The last preserved Class WLAsüge 20 sleeping car is owned by the "Passauer Eisenbahnfreunden". This type of sleeper was in service between 1950 and 1980. Twenty single bed compartments are distributed on either side of the zigzag-shaped centre corridor. The coach has been given its original ruby-red livery, but is otherwise still in its most recent state technically, with sliding windows, rubber corridor connexions and Minden-Deutz bogies.
Saloon coach.
The saloon coach originally came from the ÖBB, where it belonged to the department for psychological suitability trials. Before that it acted as the mobile office for Hermann Göring. Today the coach has a large lounge, 11 metres long, which can either be laid out with a table along its length order with several tables arranged sideways on. Thus the coach has seating for 20-30 people. In addition it has three compartments with office furnishings (a sofa, writing desk and cupboard) and a shared shower.
Accommodation and workshop coach.
The six-wheeler was originally procured for maintenance duties on the branch lines around Passau and is therefore converted today into a departmental wagon. The coach is well preserved and has interior fittings including a kitchen, sleeping compartment and an office and workshop room.
Snow plough.
The snow plough is a converted steam locomotive tender from 1964. It was restored in winter 2005/2006 and is used to clear the tracks in winter.
Low-sided open wagon.
The low-sided wagon also comes from the ÖBB and was bought in order to transport construction materiel to Passau. Today the wagon primarily serves a cultural purpose, because it acts as a stage. So, for example, for the annual visiting acting troupe from the "Tscheutschlandkurrier". The wagon was repainted in summer 2006 and fully restored.
Operations.
Over the years the society has run a lot of special trains on branch lines in the Passau area. In 2002 the "Ilztalbahn" (Passau-Freyung) and the Passau – Hauzenberg were badly damaged by the worst floods in one hundred years. As a result, they had to be closed which curtailed the society's activities. Strenuous efforts to reopen these lines have not yet met with success.
In addition several routes, such as the Hengersberg-Kalteneck and Vilshofen-Aidenbach lines, were dismantled. As a result in the area of Passau the only lines remaining that are available for specials are the Bavarian Forest railway (the "Waldbahn"), with its branch to Hengersberg, the Vilshofen-Blindham railway and the "Rottalbahn".
Since these various branches can no longer be used since their closure, the society runs its specials on other lines today. Usually this is in cooperation with the Austrian Society for Railway History ("ÖGEG") which has the necessary rolling stock if the society's VT 798 cannot be used.
Gastronomy.
The 'PEF-Gastro' department looks after food catering. As a result of many years experience even large groups can be catered for. Its services range from internal society functions through service and fast-food vehicles to restaurant services in the dining car whilst on the move.
Site.
The Passauer Eisenbahnfreunde base is located on the site of the former "Bahnbetriebswerk" at Passau at no. 12, " Haitzingerstraße" and covers an area of about 50,000m². The site comprises three main areas:
Outside area.
The outside area consists primarily of tracks used for shunting purposes. The control of the points and signals here is carried out by the Passau signal box which also looks after route safety. The signal box is in the immediate vicinity.
Shed I.
Halle I is located at the entrance to the site and has a glass front behind which the railcars and various other vehicles may be found. In addition, Shed I houses the main workshop with an area where replacement components can be finished on lathes. There is also a large spare parts store and an office with adjoining society library. Social rooms, such as a kitchen, common room, showers, toilets and overnight accommodation are also located in Shed I.
The shed was originally built by the Deutsche Bundesbahn to maintain its VT98 units and is therefore equipped with a pit, a compressed air station and associated ventilation facilities. So it still fulfils its original purpose even today.
Shed II.
Shed II is located at the other end of the site and, with its two tracks and overall length of about 100 metres it offers the possibility of storing passenger coaches. The shed acts as accommodation for the society's own vehicles or for vehicles belonging to the ÖGEG. This shed also has a store with spare parts for the society's vehicles.
Because the new diesel and electric locomotives did not need turning, unlike their steam-driven predecessors, the old turntable that used to be located here was removed. It was replaced by the "Orange Coach Shed" ("Orange Reisezughalle"), because it was now possible to carry out the inspection of coaches based at Passau. The shed is connected to the compressed air system in shed I. In shed II the society has its own lifting gear with a carrying capacity of 64 tonnes which is used to swap axles on vehicles.
The model railway section.
Several society members decided in 1983 to build a model railway in H0 gauge, which is devoted to Passau and its surrounding area. Over many years the Passau border station with its two locomotive depots, the DB and ÖBB Betriebswerken, and several branch lines dating to 1955 and 1994, have been modelled with great care and in great detail. Space has been made available at Passau Hauptbahnhof for this and the layout can be viewed on public demonstration days or every Friday from 6 p.m.

</doc>
<doc id="20806170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806170" title="Mallaha">
Mallaha

Mallaha () was a Palestinian Arab village, located northeast of Safed, on the highway between the latter and Tiberias. 'Ain Mallaha is the local Arabic name for a spring that served as the water source for the village inhabitants throughout the ages. It is also one of the names used in English to refer to the ancient Natufian era settlement at the site.
History.
Ancient.
Evidence of settlement at Mallaha (or 'Ain Mallaha) dates back to the Mesolithic period circa 10,000 BCE. The first permanent village settlement of pre-agricultural times in Palestine, Kathleen Kenyon describes the material remains found there as Natufian, consisting of 50 circular, semi-subterranean, one-room huts, paved with flat slabs and surrounded by stone walls up to high. The floors and walls of the homes were decorated in solid white or red, a simple and popular decorative motif in the Near East at the time. The inhabitants appear to have subsisted on fish from nearby Lake Hula, as well as by hunting and gathering, though no evidence of animal domestication or cultivation has been found.
Crusader era.
During the Crusader era, the Franks referred to Mallaha as "Merla". Ibn al-Qalanisi describes a battle that took place at Mallaha in June 1157 between the Arab and Turkish forces of Nur ad-Din Zangi and those of the Crusaders under King Baldwin III. Qalanisi writes that Nur ad-Din sent his troops to Mallaha immediately after learning via pigeon post that the Franks had set up an encampment there. The battle, as described by Qalanisi, was bloody and quick, resulting in decisive victory for the Muslim forces, who are reported to have lost only two men, with the king narrowly escaping with a bodyguard. The battles for control over Mallaha continued. The "Itinerary of Richard I" notes that the army had advanced to Merla, "where the king had spent one of the previous nights."
Ottoman rule.
Mallaha, like most of Palestine, was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in the early sixteenth century. Sufi traveler al-Bakri al-Siddiqi passed by the village in the mid-eighteenth century. In 1838, Edward Robinson (scholar) observed that Mallaha lay northwest of Lake Hula.
British Mandate.
Mallaha during the British Mandate times had a roughly rectangular configuration that stretched from north to south, Its entire population was Muslim, and it lived mostly of agriculture.
In a census conducted in 1922 by the British Mandate authorities, Mallaha had a population of 440, all Muslims, increasing in the 1931 census to a population of 654, still all Muslims, in 161 houses. 
In 1944/45 a total of 1,761 dunums were used for cereals by the villagers. The population, combined with that of 'Arab al-Zubayd, came to 890.
1948, and after.
On 25th May 1948 the villagers left their homes on the advice of their Jewish neighbours. This was part of a "whispering campaign" launched by the Haganah following Operation Yiftach.
According to the Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi, describing the remains of the village in 1992: "The sandy hill on which the village was situated is completely overgrown with tall grass, cactuses, and weeds, as well as an assortment of fig, eucalyptus, and date-palm trees. Amidst the overgrowth, stone rubble from destroyed houses can be seen. The surrounding land is cultivated by the settlement of Yesud ha-Ma'ala.
A village history was published in Damascus in 2005. According to a commentator on Palestinian village history, dr. Davis, this history is especially notable due to the prominent role women are given in describing village life. Davis believes this might be because the villagers belonged to the "Ghawarneh" group, where women traditionally took more prominent roles.

</doc>
<doc id="20806171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806171" title="Hasard suivi de Angoli Mala">
Hasard suivi de Angoli Mala

Hasard suivi de Angoli Mala is the title given to a book with two novellas, written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio.
Contents.
Two novels "Hasard" and "Angoli Mala" in one book

</doc>
<doc id="20806175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806175" title="Galina Onoprienko">
Galina Onoprienko

Galina Onoprienko (, born February 2, 1963) is a Russian handball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 she won the bronze medal with the Unified Team. She played all five matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806183" title="Takuma Tsuda">
Takuma Tsuda


</doc>
<doc id="20806189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806189" title="St. Mary's Roman Catholic Primary School, Clapham">
St. Mary's Roman Catholic Primary School, Clapham

St Mary's Roman Catholic Primary School is a Roman Catholic primary school in Crescent Lane, Clapham, South London, England. The school maintains strong links with St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Clapham, after which it was named.
History.
The current primary school is the product of the merger of St Mary's Junior Boys' School, founded by the Redemptorist Brothers in 1907, and St Mary's Mixed Infants and Junior Girls' School, founded by the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur in 1861. They merged in 1993.
Until 1992 the school was split over two sites as junior boys were based at St. Alphonsus Road, Clapham, but the St. Alphonsus Road site has since closed and all pupils are now based at Crescent Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="20806191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806191" title="Svetlana Pryakhina">
Svetlana Pryakhina

Svetlana Pryakhina (, born July 29, 1970) is a Russian handball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 she won the bronze medal with the Unified Team. She played all five matches and scored six goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806192" title="Shabbat B'Shabbato">
Shabbat B'Shabbato

"Shabbat B'Shabbato" (, lit. "Shabbat by Shabbat", a phrase taken from Book of Numbers 28:10 (עֹלַת שַׁבַּת בְּשַׁבַּתּוֹ - This is the burnt offering of every sabbath)) is a weekly leaflet in Hebrew. It was founded by the Federation of Hapoel HaMizrachi and is edited by the Zomet Institute. It has been distributed for the past two decades in synagogues across Israel. "Shabbat B'Shabbato" is also translated into English.

</doc>
<doc id="20806193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806193" title="Laurent Akoun">
Laurent Akoun

He was Secretary General of the National Union of Teachers in Côte d'Ivoire (SYNESCI) from 1980 to 1983. He was then a member of the Ivorian Workers' Party until his imprisonment in 1992. On release, he became a member of the Secretariat of the FPI in 1993. He was elected member of the FPI in the town of Alépé in December 2000. He was appointed President of the Security and Defense Committee in the National Assembly in January 2001. He has been Secretary General of FPI since July 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20806194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806194" title="Starlock">
Starlock

Starlock is a French comic book character created by writer Claude J. Legrand and artist Luciano Bernasconi for French publisher Editions Lug in 1990. 
Starlock is an alien who was trapped on Mars in an alien capsule. Released by astronaut Nick Thaler, Starlock takes over Thaler's body and returns to Earth. There, his super-strength, invulnerability and other powers attract the attention of both the American and Russian military. Starlock is later captured by the villainess Tarantula.
Seven episodes of "Starlock" were originally published in the digest size magazine "Mustang" in 1990. The series ended on a cliffhanger. 
The character returned in 2002 in "Special-Zembla" No. 1, which rebealed how the forces of C.L.A.S.H. freed Starlock from the clutches of the Tarantula. At the behest of C.L.A.S.H., the character then fought Homicron, before joining the super-team of "Strangers", in the eponymous comic-book series, written by Jean-Marc Lofficier. 
There, it was revealed that Starlock had been one of the guardians of the Starbridge, a giant, artificial wormhole linking galaxies together, built by unfathomable cosmic entities called the Towers. Having betrayed his masters, Starlock was imprisoned on Mars. Starlock's last appearance was in "Yuma" No. 10 in 2003.
Starlock is now part of Hexagon Comics which published a trade paperback collection of his adventures translated into English in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20806202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806202" title="Jack L. Bracelin">
Jack L. Bracelin

Jack L. Bracelin was an influential figure in the early history of the neopagan religion of Wicca, being a High Priest of Gardnerian Wicca who had been inititated into the craft by Doreen Valiente in 1956 and had been a member of the Bricket Wood coven.
Biography.
Pre-Wicca.
Prior to being initiated into the craft, Bracelin had worked for the British police in Palestine and had later worked for a paint company.
Wicca.
In 1956, Bracelin was initiated into Wicca through the Bricket Wood coven by the High Priestess Doreen Valiente.
In 1959 Bracelin met the Sufi writer and practitioner Idries Shah at a table in the Cosmo Restaurant in Swiss Cottage, North London. Shah was interested in Wicca, and Bracelin introduced him to Gardner. Shah wrote Gardner's official biography, "Gerald Gardner: Witch", which was published by his own company, Octagon Press, in 1960. However, he used Bracelin's name as a pseudonym because he did not want to cause confusion amongst his Sufi students and friends as to his interest in a different religion.
A photocopy of Jack Bracelin's Book of Shadows was recently made available online.
Bracelin was one of the beneficiaries of Gardner's estate at his death, along with Monique Wilson and Patricia Crowther. Bracelin himself inherited enough of the naturist club that he could take it over.
Post-Wicca.
Bracelin later resigned from being the Bricket Wood coven's High Priest, and soon left the coven itself, because, according to coven member Frederic Lamond, "he asked himself whether the Book of Shadows' simplified ceremonial magic rituals expressed his own religious feelings, and concluded they did not". In 1966 he married a young woman in a ceremony held in a Roman Catholic church, which many members of the Wica felt showed that he had turned his back on the craft.
However, Bracelin continued to allow the coven to meet at the Witches' cottage, on the condition that they paid rent on the plot of land upon which it was situated. In 1975, Bracelin tried to get them to pay for the nudist club's electrictiy as well, which the coven members were unwilling to do, and so they sold their plot to another nudist.
Bracelin was a supporter of the hippie movement of the 1960s and 1970s, believing that it embodied the "life-affirming Goddess values" in its "true expression". Partially for this reason, he opened a disco in the West End of London, but it was a financial failure.
In June 1976, Bracelin, who was in financial failure, was forced to sell the nudist club, though the new owners agreed to pay Bracelin a small pension. Bracelin retired to live in Greece, and it was here that he died in 1983 of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20806204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806204" title="A. Earl Hedrick">
A. Earl Hedrick

A. Earl Hedrick (2 March 1896 – 18 September 1985) was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Proud and Profane".

</doc>
<doc id="20806212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806212" title="Rapid Action Boat Squadron">
Rapid Action Boat Squadron

The Rapid Action Boat Squadron (RABS) is a force element squadron of the Sri Lanka Navy that provides expertise in small boat operations in support of littoral operations, amphibious and riverine activities. The unit is equipped with Inshore Patrol Crafts (IPC)s and Arrow speed boats that provide high degree of firepower along with high speed and maneuverability. 
Formed in 2008 the unit is tasked with countering light fibreglass attack boats used by the Sea Tigers in the coastal waters of Sri Lanka during the Sri Lankan Civil War. The unit also carried out amphibious raids on sea tigers coastal outposts.
They operate with IPCs in groups of four craft with some groups totaling 25–30 craft combine to form IPC units, which are based at strategically important locations around the island. The IPC squadrons are organised for rapid-reaction interception operations, because the Sea Tiger cadres were able to remain hidden until they decide to confront the SLN. To maximise the amount of firepower each squadron can bring to a battle, an IPC unit would speed towards the enemy using strategies that echo infantry tactics: an arrowhead formation is used to expand each boat’s arc of fire in an attack manoeuvre, or boats are arranged in three adjacent columns in single file so as to mask their numbers and increase the SLN’s element of surprise. 

</doc>
<doc id="20806215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806215" title="Francis Edward Fremantle">
Francis Edward Fremantle

Lieutenant-colonel Sir Francis Edward Fremantle, OBE, DL, FRCS, FRCP (29 May 1872 – 26 August 1943) was a British physician and Conservative Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for St Albans from 1919 until his death.
F E Fremantle was the fourth son of the Very Rev. William Henry Fremantle, Dean of Ripon. Following education at Eton College and Balliol College, Oxford, he went to study medicine at Guy's Hospital, London. He received his doctorate in 1898.
In 1902 he was appointed county medical officer of health for Hertfordshire, a post he held until 1916. He was elected a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1910, and subsequently served on the organisation's council. Fremantle held a commission as a surgeon-captain in the Hertfordshire Yeomanry, and served as a medical officer with the British Army in the Second Boer War. He then travelled to the Punjab, India to work as a plague medical officer from 1903 – 1904. During the First World War he rose to the rank of lieutenant-colonel in the Royal Army Medical Corps, serving in Mesopotamia.
After the war, Fremantle entered politics. In March 1919 he was elected to the London County Council as a Municipal Reform Party councillor for Dulwich. Later in the year, Hildred Carlile, the Conservative MP for St Albans, resigned from the House of Commons due to ill-health. Fremantle was selected as the Coalition Conservative candidate for the resulting by-election held in December, and was elected despite a strong challenge from the Labour Party.
Fremantle became a frequent speaker in parliament, being recognised as a spokesman for the medical profession, and was chairman of the Parliamentary Medical Committee from 1923 to 1943. He held the St Albans seat for the Conservatives until his death, and was knighted in 1932, for "political and public services". In 1926 he became a Deputy Lieutenant of Hertfordshire.
In 1905 he married Dorothy Chinnery, and they had one son. He died suddenly at his home, Bedwell Park, near Hatfield in August 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20806223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806223" title="Fantômes dans la rue">
Fantômes dans la rue

Fantômes dans la rue ("The Ghost in the Street") is the title of a novella written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. His daughter Amy Le Clézio suggested the storyline to this novella. It was first published in the French language magazine "Elle", n° 2845 dated 10 July 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20806226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806226" title="Feelin' Good (David Ruffin album)">
Feelin' Good (David Ruffin album)

"Feelin' Good" is the second solo album from former Temptations member David Ruffin. Released only six month after his solo debut "My Whole World Ended" (the #1 R/B hit), this album climbed to #9 on the R/B charts. The album was arranged by David Van De Pitte, Henry Cosby, Paul Riser, Wade Marcus and Willie Shorter.

</doc>
<doc id="20806251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806251" title="Josef Swientek">
Josef Swientek

Josef Swientek was a Standartenführer (Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Josef Swientek was born in Oppeln in Schlesien on February 1, 1912.
He volunteered to join the SS and was issued the SS Service number 176.183; his NSDAP party number was 4.490.574. As a member of the SS-VT he participated in the Anschluss of Austria, the occupation of the Sudetenland and the annexation of Bohemia and Moravia.
World War II.
He took part in the Polish Campaign and was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in September 1939 and the 1st class award in July 1940 during the Battle of France.
He joined the newly formed SS Division "Totenkopf" and became the commander of the II. Battalion, 3rd SS Artillery Regiment in August 1940.
Swientek was given command of the 3rd SS Artillery Regiment in May 1943 and was awarded the German Cross in Gold in July 1942, while serving on the Eastern Front in Russia.
His award of the Knight's Cross was in June 1944 while serving in the Ukraine.
Josef Swientek died on the 29 June 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20806260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806260" title="François Amichia">
François Amichia

In 2002, he was held hostage in Bouaké in the center of the country during a rebellion. He was released a few days later.
He is also the president of the Union of cities and municipalities of Côte d'Ivoire (UVICOCI).

</doc>
<doc id="20806262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806262" title="St Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Clapham">
St Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Clapham

St Mary's is a Roman Catholic Church on Clapham Park Road in Clapham, South London, England run by the London province of the Redemptorist Congregation. It is located on the corner of Clapham Common near Clapham Common tube station.
The current Roman Catholic Bishop of Gibraltar, Ralph Heskett, was parish priest here from 1999 to 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20806264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806264" title="Trianon (sorority)">
Trianon (sorority)

Trianon sorority was a national collegiate organization operating in the United States from December 1929 until 1974.
Beginnings.
Trianon was formed from the mergers of three college clubs in Ohio and Indiana. First, at the University of Cincinnati, in 1925, Dean Josephine P. Simrall assisted female student in creating the Campus Club. Next, in November 1926, several women formed a similar club on their campus, Butler University. In the spring of 1929, thirty-seven female students at Miami University formed the Miami Girl's Club (Trianon Key). 
Members of the three clubs convened on December 28 and 29, 1929, to form Trianon sorority. This event came to be known as the first National Convention of Trianon (Trianon Key). 
Per "The 1942 Drift" yearbook of Butler University, Indianapolis, Indiana, ""Trianon, the national non-Greek sorority, was established on the Butler Campus in December 28, 1929. Butler was one of three mother units of Trianon."" Adviser for this 1942 sorority was Mrs. Gino Ratti; Miss Martha Kincaid was Faculty Sponsor.
The ties that bound the members of the three individual clubs were finances and values. " "For a long time college campuses felt the need for more democratic social organizations to take care of girls whose principles revolted against fraternities into which only a selected few were bidden and whose dues and fees were outside the limit of the average girl's allowance"" (Trianon Key).
Trianon employed an open membership policy; interested students completed a formal application (Trianon Key).
A National Sorority.
Throughout the 1930s, the members of Trianon worked to create official symbols, insignia, rituals, bylaws, and policies. An alumni club and a mother's club were created in 1933 (Trianon pledge manual). In 1938, however, the Miami chapter struggled to recruit new members; "...several years later it had depreciated so in value that the national organization of Trianon was forced to sever relations with this unit" (Trianon Key).
In the 1940s and 1950s, the sorority maintained two collegiate chapters, Butler and Cincinnati. According to the Trianon Key, members assisted with the war effort during World War II. In 1947, the official sorority manual was printed- ""a big step in instructing candidates for membership"". In 1949, Life Membership was offered to alumni. 
In 1957, open membership was no longer permitted. The Trianon pledge manual explained that "the definition of how a girl could become a candidate was changed from a written application to a girl being invited upon a favorable majority vote of active members". 
In 1959, the sorority's official magazine creased publication. One year later, the Cincinnati chapter "had only two members but stayed alive" (Trianon Key). 
The sorority was still active in the 1960s. In 1964, the Cincinnati chapter initiated nine new members (Trianon Key). A national convention met the following year. 
The Trianon pledge manual recorded sorority data through 1967. An honorary member and her husband celebrated their fiftieth wedding anniversary. The National President for 1967-1968 was Rosemary Dudziak Thomas.
Demise.
The circumstances and exact dates of the sorority's dissolution are unknown. Butler University's archives have their chapter active as of 1974. Nothing is known about the demise of the Cincinnati chapter. All that is definitely known is that Trianon sorority is a defunct organization.
Purpose of Trianon.
The purpose of this organization is to foster democratic ideals on the university of college campus; to encourage and support participation of non-Greek women students in university or college activities; to promote fellowship; to encourage high standards of scholarship; and to serve the university or college in every way possible. (Trianon Key)
Creed.
Trianon, Trianon, in you we do believe. We believe in your work, your success, your ideals. We believe that to every girl who claims you, you are a light that leads the way to friendship, work and healthy fun. We believe in your organization, born in the spirirt of independence and incorporating the high ideals of democracy, friendship, scholarship, and service. And so to you we come with grateful hearts, thankful for the torch you have given us to bear, for friends to cherish, tasks to do, and traditions to carry on through the years. O, Trianon, in you we do believe. (Trianon Key)
Insignia.
The pledge pin ""is of royal blue equilateral triangle each side of which forms part of the base of a gold obtuse angled triangle. This pin is symbolical of the three founding units of the national organization. The blue is for loyalty to school and all things true, and gold is for golden deeds"". (Trianon Key)
The membership pin ""is a yellow gold chevron-like base supporting a cluster of peaks upon which the letter T is superimposed. It may be plain or jeweled as follows: four pearls and three blue sapphires in the base; white sapphire or diamond above the T. The pearls arising from the base are symbolic of the other units of the organization. The four pearls in the base represent the four ideals of our organization: democracy, fellowship, scholarship, and service. The three blue sapphires within the points of the base represent the three mother unites of the national organization"". (Trianon Key)
The coat-of-arms was called a crest. ""The crest again emphasizes the idea of true friendship. At the top of the crest is a sunbursts rose, the flower of the organization- the rose of truth. Under the rose are clasped hands of friendship, resting on a column denoting strength- a strong friendship. The clasped hands resting on the column forming a T standing on the shield, the shield of courage. At the base we find the motto: We Unite to Build"". (Trianon Key)
The official motto was "We Unite to Build". (Trianon Key)
The flower was the sunburst rose and the colors were royal blue and gold (Trianon Key).
Prayer.
Written by Joyce Fraze Yarbrough (Butler)
Tune: Melody in F
Father in Heaven, 
We thank Thee in song
for showering blessings
O'er Trianon.
Grant us they mercy 
And thus make us strong,
stay with our Trianon. 
Opening Hymn.
Opening Hymn 
Written by Betty Whiley (Miami)
'O, Trianon, we come to thee
With hearts united all as one
Enrich our souls with friendship true
To give us joy till life is done
Closing Hymn.
Written by Priscilla Shearer Smith (Butler)
O Trianon, O Trianon
With voices full we sing thy praise
Shine on in glory brighter
While thy banner with our hearts
We raise

</doc>
<doc id="20806265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806265" title="Frank R. McKelvy">
Frank R. McKelvy

Frank R. McKelvy (24 January 1914 – 18 February 1980) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for seven Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
McKelvy was nominated for seven Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20806268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806268" title="Ritournelle de la faim">
Ritournelle de la faim

Ritournelle de la faim is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
Plot summary.
Set in Paris in the 1930s, it tells the story of Ethel, a young woman who must save herself and her parents, torn by the age's politics and their hatred for each other.The story seems so simple. A narrator who is and is not the author tells the story of a young girl – Ethel Brown – who is and is not the mother of JMG Le Clézio.
French language text sample.
French language text sample from "Ritournelle de la faim" can be read online 
Publication history.
Paris : Lire Magazine.
Lire. no. 369, (2008): 64

</doc>
<doc id="20806269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806269" title="Jaleb">
Jaleb

Jaleb is a French comic book character created by writer Claude J. Legrand and artist Annibale Casabianca for French publisher Editions Lug in 1972. 
Jaleb is an alien abandoned on Earth as a baby. Raised by the Jellicoe family, he eventually discovers that he has the power of telepathy. Jaleb eventually meets others like him on Earth. Then he discovers that he comes from a galactic federation torn by a civil war between the ruling class of telepaths and the non-telepaths. After helping the non-telepaths win the war, Jaled chooses to return to Earth as an agent of the Federation.
Eighteen episodes of "Jaleb" were originally published in the digest size magazine "Futura" in 1972-73. The series was then discontinued. 
The character returned in 2002 in "Special-Zembla" No. 167, before joining the "Strangers", in the eponymous comic-book series, written by Jean-Marc Lofficier. Jaleb's last appearance was in "Yuma" No. 9 in 2003.
Jaleb is now part of Hexagon Comics which will publish a trade paperback collection of his adventures translated into English in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20806279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806279" title="Science Museum Station">
Science Museum Station

Science Museum Station (), is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of the junction of Shennan Zhonglu (), at the junction of Shangbu Lu () and Congling Lu (), in Futian District, Shenzhen, China. Its name is from Shenzhen Science Museum (). It is near CITIC City Plaza ().

</doc>
<doc id="20806295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806295" title="Remember Last Night?">
Remember Last Night?

Remember Last Night? is a 1935 American mystery comedy film directed by James Whale. The film, based on the novel "The Hangover Murders", is about the investigation of the murder of one of a group of friends. The survivors are unable to recall the events of the night of the murder because they were all too drunk. "Remember Last Night?" features an ensemble cast headed by Edward Arnold, Constance Cummings, and Robert Young.
Whale convinced Universal Studios head Carl Laemmle, Jr. to buy the screen rights to the novel so Whale could avoid directing "Dracula's Daughter", as he wished not to direct another horror film so soon after shooting "Bride of Frankenstein". Initial drafts of the screenplay were deemed unsuitable under the Production Code because of the focus on excessive drinking. The novel's original title was also unsuitable because of the word "hangover". Following revisions, the film was approved and was released on November 4, 1935 to mixed reviews and poor box office results.
Plot.
To celebrate their six-month anniversary, Long Island socialites Tony and Carlotta Milburn arrange a wild drinking party with friends, culminating in a stop at the restaurant owned by Faronea. They are unaware that Faronea is conspiring with Baptiste Bouclier, the chauffeur of party host Vic Huling, to kidnap Vic. The next morning the Milburns awake hung over to find Vic dead from a gunshot through the heart and his wife Bette missing. Tony calls his friend, district attorney Danny Harrison to investigate. Bette arrives with Billy Arliss at whose home she had slept. Because of their excessive drinking, no one can remember anything about what had happened the night before. As circumstantial evidence mounts against Tony, he calls in hypnotist Professor Karl Jones to help everyone try to recover their memories. Just as the professor is about to reveal the murderer, he is murdered. 
Next to be killed is restaurateur Faronea. After Tony and Carlotta eavesdrop on him conferring with an accomplice at his restaurant, Faronea discovers them. Tony bluffs that he knows about the kidnapping plot and the accomplice murders Faronea. The couple returns home to find Bouclier murdered in his quarters. Friend Jake Whitridge responds to a frantic telephone call from Billy. Tony and Danny arrive, as they had planned with Billy, moments after Jake. Jake attacks Billy and knocks him out. When he regains consciousness Billy attempts to shoot Jake but Tony saves him. After the various spouses arrive, Tony announces he has solved the mystery.
Billy borrowed money from Vic on behalf of Jake, using a false name. Jake altered the check to be for $150,000 instead of $50,000 and Vic forced Billy to reveal he had borrowed the money for Jake. Jake shot Vic at Jake's home and brought his body to the party, where everyone assumed he was just passed out. Jake paid Bouclier to remain quiet, which is why Bouclier had to kill Professor Jones. Bouclier, Faronea's accomplice, killed Faronea after Tony spoke to him about the kidnapping plot. Jake then shot Bouclier. Danny places Jake under arrest and extracts a pledge from Tony and Carlotta to quit drinking. They agree and drink a toast to it.
Production.
Universal Studios head Carl Laemmle, Jr. was eager for James Whale, fresh from his great success with "Bride of Frankenstein", to direct "Dracula's Daughter". Whale was idle, waiting for Irene Dunne to finish work on "Magnificent Obsession" so she could begin work on Whale's "Show Boat". Wary of directing two horror films in a row, Whale instead convinced Laemmle to buy the rights to a mystery novel called "The Hangover Murders". Whale argued that the same sort of audiences who went to horror films also went to mystery films and pointed to the hit Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film "The Thin Man" as evidence that a picture based on the novel would be a success. Laemmle agreed to buy the rights for $5,000, only after extracting a promise from Whale that he would direct "Dracula's Daughter" next.
The Production Code Administration, which had gone into effect just weeks after the release of "The Thin Man" and which restricted the drinking of alcohol on-screen, disapproved of the project even before a script was written. PCA head Joseph Breen forbade the use of the word "hangover" in the title. Laemmle agreed and in mid-August temporarily retitled the project "Wild Night" before settling on "Remember Last Night?" in response to a survey of exhibitors. Breen dispatched two representatives to meet with Whale, Laemmle and studio censor Harry Zehner in an effort to reduce or eliminate the film's reliance on drinking. The two men realized that most of the alcohol use was required for the plot – and thus allowable under the Production Code – and Whale promised to keep the novel's ending in which Tony and Carlotta agree to quit drinking.
Harry Clork and Doris Malloy put together a 34-page treatment which Laemmle approved in April. The pair completed their draft on May 20, 1935. Whale had Dan Totheroh re-write the dialogue and the draft was ready for submission to the PCA on July 15. When Breen reviewed the draft, his objections centered around the excessive alcohol use. "We take this opportunity of pointing out to you, in regard to the matter of the treatment of drinking in this story, that, generally speaking, it is presented in a light, facetious, acceptable, amusing, and desirable mode of behavior. It is upon this that we feel rejection may be reasonably based." A revised script with the drinking toned down slightly was submitted on July 24, the same day Whale started shooting. "Remember Last Night?" was budgeted at $385,000. Whale inserted lines that made fun of horror pictures, a genre with which he no longer wished to be associated. Carlotta is shown jumping on a diving board flapping a towel and exclaiming "Look, I'm Dracula's Daughter!" and in another scene she says "I feel like the Bride of Frankenstein!" Shooting wrapped on September 14. Whale was nine days over schedule and $75,000 over budget.
Release and reception.
"Remember Last Night?" was cleared by the PCA on September 24, 1935 and following previews in October, opened on November 4. Financially the film was a failure that according to Laemmle lost money for the studio. Critical reception was mixed. "The Hollywood Reporter" called the film "a murder mystery to kid all murder mysteries" and "a riot of comedy spots superimposed on a riot of crime detecting". Whale, the reviewer found, "let himself go in a riotous directorial splurge". Although less effusive, "The New York Times" praised the film as "good minor fun" and noted the likeable pairing of Young and Cummings. Ed Brophy, Edward Arnold and Arthur Treacher were also singled out for praise. However, the "Times" concluded that "Remember Last Night?" should be enjoyed "in moderation" as the "halfwit behavior of the roisterers in the film" may make the viewer come away "with the feeling that one or two additional murders among the madcap principals would have made Long Island a still better place to live in". "Variety" was strongly disapproving of the film. "The women are more blotto than the men, and two of the wives are on the make. It's all faintly unwholesome."
Local censorship boards made numerous cuts to the film. The long drinking party scene was cut, as was part of a 30-second kiss between Tony and Carlotta that opened the film. Censors also cut a line of dialogue delivered by Louise Henry in response to Carlotta's declaration that the Marines had landed: "There'll be atrocities – I want to be first!" The film was never re-released, has never been released in any home video format and is rarely shown on television. Modern critical response has therefore been light, although Tom Milne of "Time Out New York" dubbed the film a "Delightful screwball parody of the detective thriller...Whale's use of elisions, non-sequiturs and unexpected stresses creates what is virtually a blueprint for the style developed by Robert Altman in and after "MASH"." The "Los Angeles Times", reviewing the film for a 1999 retrospective of Whale's work, found it to be "an amusing trifle, tossed off with considerable wit and skill by Whale" and "pretty good fun if you’re in the mood for a chic, brittle period piece".

</doc>
<doc id="20806297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806297" title="Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies">
Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies

The Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies (RGUKT), also known as International Institute of Information Technology, is a university in Andhra Pradesh, India. The university was established by Govt. of Andhra Pradesh under Act 18 of 2008. It has three campuses which are located at IIIT Basar, IIIT Nuzvid, and IIIT R K Valley (Kadapa),
Academic Programmes.
Undergraduate Programm.
B.Tech
Features of 6 years Integrated Course. The program offered by the RGUKT consists of a six-years integrated course after 10th class examination leading to a B.Tech. degree. The first part of the course is a two-years Pre University Course (PUC) (equivalent to (AP) Intermediate) followed by a second part of four-years Engineering Course. At present the Pre- University part of education offers specialization in tracks such as Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry and Life sciences (equivalent to M.Bi.P.C (with IT)).
Pre- University Course (PUC Period of 2 Years).
This is equivalent to the two year Intermediate (AP) education. The program provides a qualitative plus two education in itself and lays a er foundation for the technical and professional courses ahead. It has an inbuilt system for remedial education for the students who are relatively weak. In addition, there is a foundation course in IT, preparing students to make full use of the Information Technology and Communication resources provided by the RGUKT. There is a permitted exit after Pre- University if the student chooses to go for a career in other professional programs. The program also provides short-term courses in Humanities and Social Sciences.
Bachelor's Programm (B.Tech Period of 4 Years).
Upon completion of six years of education, each year consisting of 2 semesters, the graduates are awarded a B.Tech. degree in any one of the following engineering disciplines given below:
Depending on the performance and by earning additional credits, it is possible to get a B.Tech. with two Majors, i.e., one in Computer Science and the other from among Chemical, Civil, Electronics and Communication, Materials Science and Mechanical. Alternatively it is possible to get a degree with one Major and two Minors or one Major and one Minor. One of the Minors may be from Business Management, Economics Mathematics, Social Sciences, Statistics, Telugu, Kuchipudi, Biology, Vocal and Mrudangam or any one of the engineering branches other than their major.
Post Graduate Programme.
M.Tech
Interdisciplinary Masters program in Computational Engineering is two years of education, first year consists of 3 semesters and second year consists of two semesters with research oriented thesis work. This course has been designed incorporating advanced Computing Techniques and Tools to suit for the people seeking TEACHING/RESEARCH CAREER in computational Engineering/Sciences competing with world class curricula.
Research Activities.
Ph.D
Prof. Nori Prakasa Rao
Visiting Professor
Email : phdadmissions@rgukt.in
Campuses.
Basar campus.
Basar, abode to Gnana Saraswati, located on bank of holy river Godavari, is nearer to Nizamabad city that comes under Adilabad district of Andhra Pradesh. Here is located the ancient temple of Gnana Sarasvati - the Goddess of Knowledge. It is believed to be one of the two oldest temples of Goddess Saraswati in India, the other being located in Kashmir.
'Akshara Gnana' is a special ritual at Basar, in which devotees bring their children to the temple. The significance of the ritual lies in the fact that it marks the formal starting of child's education. The Goddess answers all the prayers of the committed devotees, filling their life with bliss and happiness.
Nuzvid campus.
Nuzvid is a historical fort city in Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh. It was founded by late Meka Basavarayudu, the chieftain of Rani Rudrama Devi of Orugallu dynasty.
Nuzvid (also called Nujiveedu) is 50 km from Vijayawada and 35 km from Eluru. This place is well connected by bus and rail. Nuzvid is well known for its mangos, which are exported world wide. In Andhra history, the first mutiny was held by Nuzvidians against French colonials. Nuzvid soil cultivated rich history, culture and heritage.
RK Valley campus.
RK Valley (Rajiv Knowledge Valley), name given after the late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, is formally Idupulapaya, located in lush green lands surrounded by pleasant nature, its beauty is double in winter season particularly with peacock's lou lou, waterfalls from top of hills, all it makes one feel, being at the midst of nature's beauty.
RK Valley is the actual head quarters of RGUKT (Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies) built adjacent to the popular late chief minister Y.S.Rajashekar Reddy estate in 600 acres wide area. It is nearer to Famous tourism spot Gandi Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="20806302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806302" title="Lambert Amon Tanoh">
Lambert Amon Tanoh

He was Minister of Education in Côte d'Ivoire in 1958 under President Félix Houphouët-Boigny.
He led the breakaway movement, the Union Nationale des Travailleurs de Côte d'Ivoire.

</doc>
<doc id="20806309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806309" title="Vũ Như Thành">
Vũ Như Thành

Vũ Như Thành (born 28 August 1981) is a Vietnamese footballer who play for XM The Vissai Ninh Binh as a defender. He is a member of the Vietnam national football team.
He has won two V-League titles with Bình Dương. In 2009, he has won the silver ball award.
Honours.
Vietnam
Bình Dương

</doc>
<doc id="20806333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806333" title="Dotti (retailer)">
Dotti (retailer)

Dotti is a female fashion store in Australia and New Zealand. It was acquired by the Just Group in 2004.
History.
Dotti was founded by Raymond Levis and Linda Bowen launched Dotti in Sydney during 1981. The inspiration for the Dotti name reportedly came either from Linda's mother Dorothy, reputedly a style icon in her own right, or from the stylish shopping destination in Rome, known as Via Condotti.
Stores.
On 12 December 2009, Dotti opened its 100th store in a shopping centre in Melbourne's western suburbs. In April 2011, Dotti launched an online store to allow customers to purchase products online.

</doc>
<doc id="20806400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806400" title="Barhampur subdivision">
Barhampur subdivision

Barhampur subdivision is a subdivision of the Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Baharampur municipality, Beldanga municipality, and five community development blocks: Berhampore, Beldanga–I, Beldanga–II, Hariharpara and Naoda. The five blocks contain 61 gram panchayats and three census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Baharampur. 
Area.
Apart from the Baharampur municipality and Beldanga municipality, the subdivision contains three census towns and rural areas of 61 gram panchayats under five community development blocks: Berhampore, Beldanga–I, Beldanga–II, Hariharpara and Naoda. The three census towns are: Kasimbazar, Goaljan and Gora Bazar.
Blocks.
Berhampore block.
Rural area under Berhampore block consists of 17 gram panchayats, viz. Bhakuri–I, Haridasmati, Niyallispara Goaljan, Rangamati Chandpara, Bhakuri–II, Hatinagar, Radharghat–II, Chhaighari, Madanpur, Radharghat–I, Satui Chaurigachha, Daulatabad, Manindranagar, Rajdharpara, Gurudaspur, Naodapanur and Sahajadpur. Urban area under this block consists of three census towns: Kasimbazar, Goaljan and Gora Bazar. Berhampore Town and Daulatabad police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Berhampore.
Beldanga–I block.
Rural area under Beldanga–I block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Begunbari, Chaitannapur–II, Mahula–I, Sujapur–Kumarpur, Bhabta–I, Debkundu, Mahula–II, Bhabta–II, Kapasdanga, Mirjapur–I, Chaitannapur–I, Madda and Mirjapur–II. There is no urban area under this block. Beldanga police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Beldanga.
Beldanga–II block.
Rural area under Beldanga–II block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Andulberia–I, Kashipur, Rampara–II, Andulberia–II, Ramnagar Bachhra, Shaktipur, Dadpur, Somepara–I, Kamnagar, Rampara–I and Somepara–II. There is no urban area under this block. Rejinagar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Shaktipur.
Hariharpara block.
Rural area under Hariharpara block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Beharia, Hariharpara, Malopara, Swaruppur, Choa, Humaipur, Raipur, Dharampur, Khidirpur and Rukunpur. There is no urban area under this block. Hariharpara police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Hariharpara.
Naoda block.
Rural area under Naoda block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Bali–I, Kedarchandpur–I, Naoda, Sarangpur, Bali–II, Kedarchandpur–II, Patikabari, Chandpur, Madhupur and Raipur. There is no urban area under this block. Naoda police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Amtala.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, four gram panchayats under the Baharampur block, viz. Niyallispara Goaljan, Radharghat–I, Radharghat–II and Sahajadpur will be part of the Nabagram assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Satui Chaurigachha gram panchayat under the Baharampur block will be part of Kandi assembly constituency. The gram panchayats of Begunbari, Kapasdanga and Mirjapur–I under the Beldanga–I block along with the area under the Beldanga–II block will constitute the Rejinagar assembly constituency. Six gram panchayats under Beldanga–I block, viz. Bhabta–I, Bhabta–II, Debkundu, Mirjapur–II, Mahula–I and Sujapur–Kumarpur, along with the Beldanga municipality and five gram panchayats under the Baharampur block, viz. Bhakuri–II, Haridasmati, Naodapanur, Rajdharpara and Rangamati Chandpara, together will form the Beldanga assembly constituency. The Baharampur municipality along with five gram panchayats under the Baharampur block, viz. Bhakuri–I, Daulatabad, Gurudaspur, Hatinagar and Manindranagar, will form the Baharampur assembly constituency. The Hariharpara block along with two gram panchayats under the Baharampur block, viz. Chhaighari and Madanpur, will form the Hariharpara assembly constituency. The Naoda block along with four gram panchayats under the Beldanga–I block, viz. Chaitannapur–II, Mahula–II, Chaitannapur–I and Madda, will form the Naoda assembly constituency. Nabagram constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. This constituency will be part of the Jangipur (Lok Sabha constituency). Kandi, Rejinagar, Beldanga, Baharampur and Naoda will be assembly segments of the Baharampur (Lok Sabha constituency). Hariharpara assembly constituency will be part of the Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20806417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806417" title="Central African Republic general election, 2011">
Central African Republic general election, 2011

A presidential and parliamentary election was held in the Central African Republic on 23 January 2011 after having been postponed numerous times. President François Bozizé was re-elected to a second term. The organization of the election was plagued by difficulties, and the opposition, feeling that the proper conditions for an election did not exist in 2010, repeatedly demanded its postponement. Ultimately it was delayed until January 2011, requiring an extension of the terms of both the President and the National Assembly.
The legislative run-off was held on 27 March 2011, postponed from 20 March 2011.
Date of the election.
It was initially proposed to hold the election on 18 April 2010, with a second round on 23 May. Subsequently the date of the first round was set for 25 April 2010, but on 30 March it was announced that the date was pushed back to 16 May 2010. President François Bozizé again delayed the election on 29 April, but did not set a new date.
On 16 June, members of the Independent Electoral Commission (CEI) agreed upon a new election date of 24 October 2010. CEI President Joseph Binguimale said that the CEI was "finally convinced that by 24 October, all of the challenges will be completely resolved." On 27 July 2010, the CEI President Joseph Binguimale once again prosponed elections stating "What is delaying the final decision on these elections at the moment is that the European Union requires confirmation of a date prior to providing us financial assistance".
The election was postponed again in July 2010 to 23 January 2011, with a second round scheduled for 20 March 2011, later postponed to 27 March 2011.
Pre-election events.
The CEI was established in August 2009 to oversee the election. Headed by Joseph Binguimale, the CEI was composed of 30 members, 15 of whom represented the opposition (both the civilian opposition and former rebel groups). However, the opposition announced on 15 January 2010 that it was suspending its participation on the CEI due to its objections to Binguimale's leadership of the body. According to the opposition, Binguimale showed blatant favoritism toward President Bozizé and the pro-Bozizé Kwa Na Kwa movement, and it demanded Binguimale's resignation. Opposition leader Jean-Jacques Demafouth denounced Binguimale, saying that he was guilty of "breaching his oath, a total absence of independence, scheming with the aim of promoting massive fraud, dubious morality and notorious incompetence". CEI spokesman Rigobert Vondo said that the CEI would "continue to make progress on the electoral process with those who are left".
The date for the election was initially set as 25 April 2010. The opposition objected to that date, saying that it was too early.
In mid-March 2010, the government claimed to have thwarted a coup plot. Jules Bernard Ouandé, the Minister of National Security, expressed unwillingness to reveal the leader of the coup plot, but his reference to the involvement of someone called "AFP" indicated that the government was implicating Ange-Félix Patassé in the plot. Patasse, who was President from 1993 until he was ousted by Bozizé in March 2003, had declared his candidacy in the election. Responding to the suggestion of his involvement in the plot, Patasse said that he was not involved and argued that the government might be intending to use the allegation to sideline his candidacy. He vowed to win the election, noting that he had previously won elections in 1993 and 1999.
At a rally in Bangui on 15 March 2010, Bozizé announced that he would stand as a candidate for a second term as President.
On 30 March 2010, Bozizé decreed a postponement of the election date by three weeks, rescheduling it for 16 May. That move was widely anticipated due to the slow progress of electoral preparations. However, the opposition coalition, the Forces of Change Collective, wanted a longer delay and felt that pushing the date back by three weeks was entirely insufficient to address its concerns. The government was apparently unwilling to delay the election any further, and consequently the coalition announced on 9 April 2010 that it would boycott both the presidential and the parliamentary election. According to coalition spokesman Nicolas Tiangaye, the "conditions ... do not guarantee credibility, reliability and transparency." The deadline for candidate applications was later on the same day at midnight, and Tiangaye said that none of the coalition's members had submitted applications for either election.
As a result of the opposition coalition's decision, only two presidential candidates submitted applications before the deadline: François Bozizé and Ange-Félix Patassé. However, Patassé said on 10 April that he had reached an agreement with Bozizé that would be "beneficial for the whole Central African people". Although he did not clarify what sort of agreement had been reached, reports suggested that the agreement could produce a delay in the election.
The CEI began work on an operation to revise the voter rolls on 12 April; the operation was planned to conclude on 18 April. The opposition felt the revision was inadequate, believing that the voter rolls should be completely revised. The CEI announced on 16 April that a soldier had been killed in Vakaga Prefecture, located in the far north of the country, while escorting a group of CEI workers. The identity of the attackers was unclear, and the CEI characterized them as "bandits".
President Bozizé held a meeting with the CEI and an assortment of political actors on 29 April 2010. At the meeting, the CEI said that it would be impossible to hold the election as planned on 16 May, as the preparations were nowhere near completion. According to the CEI, the revised voter rolls would not be ready by 16 May, voter cards had not been printed, and the CEI had far less money than needed to complete the preparations. It estimated that a sum of 5.3 million euros was needed. Immediately following the meeting, Bozizé publicly accepted that the 16 May date could not be met: "We will go to the polls when all the parties involved in these elections, including the international community, will be ready." Recognizing that the delay could mean that the election would be held after the constitutional end of his term on 11 June 2010, he said that the National Assembly would need to take the appropriate steps to enable him to continue in office beyond that point.
On 3 May 2010, the National Assembly accordingly began debate on changing the constitution to allow the President and the National Assembly to remain in office beyond the end of their mandates if necessary due to the timing of an election. The opposition supported the change, but it was conscious of the case of Côte d'Ivoire's continuously postponed election and wanted the change to be accompanied by a political agreement. The constitutional change was overwhelmingly approved by the National Assembly in a vote on 10 May 2010; 95 deputies voted in favor, six voted against, and one abstained.
An estimated 30,000 to 50,000 people marched in Bangui on 19 May 2010 to express support for the move to extend Bozizé's term. In their slogans, they equated support for Bozizé with support for peace. Elie Ouéfio, the Secretary-General of the Presidency, said that the people had rallied against "a descent into hell for our country". The Constitutional Court approved the term extensions on 25 May 2010.
On 16 June 2010, the CEI proposed holding the election on 24 October 2010, believing that would allow sufficient time to properly organize the election. That date was not officially set, however, as only Bozizé could set a date through presidential decree. Ultimately Bozizé opted for a later date than the one recommended by CEI, apparently due to the ongoing security issues; in a decree announced on 30 July 2010, he set the date for the election as 23 January 2011, with campaigning scheduled to begin on 10 January. The Central African Democratic Rally (RDC) and the prospective opposition candidate Jean-Jacques Demafouth quickly expressed support for the January 2011 date, and the UFVN, the main opposition coalition, signed an agreement approving the new date on 11 August 2010. Speaking for the government, Fidele Ngouandjika expressed the hope that the broad political agreement on the January 2011 date would mean that international financial assistance for the election would come soon.
Candidates.
Five candidates registered for the presidential election:
Another candidate initially registered for the election, but was rejected on 8 January 2011 due to a bouncing check:
Presidential election.
On election day, 23 January 2011, there were complaints of voting delays due to long lines.
President Bozizé was expected to win re-election easily; Patassé was considered the most formidable opposition candidate, but the outcome was never seriously doubted. Before any results were released, Ziguélé, Démafouth, and Nakombo denounced the vote as farcical and fraudulent. The CEI released provisional results on 1 February 2011 showing that Bozizé had won the election in the first round with 66.08% of the vote. Patassé was credited with 20.10% of the vote, while the other candidates trailed with scores in the single digits: 6.46% for Ziguélé, 4.64% for Nakombo, and 2.72% for Démafouth. Ngouandjika, the government's spokesman, declared that the outcome was "a victory for democracy"; Ziguélé, on the other hand, characterized the CEI's announcement as "a non-event ... crass and ridiculous". He said that he and other opposition candidates would appeal to the Constitutional Court, but he acknowledged that it was only a symbolic gesture, as he fully expected that the Court would reject the appeal.
The Constitution Court upheld Bozizé's victory on 12 February 2011, rejecting the opposition appeals. The results were slightly revised in the final figures given by the Court; Bozizé's total was revised downward to 64.37%, while Patassé's score was raised to 21.41% and Ziguélé's score was raised to 6.8%. Ziguélé condemned the Court's decision: "This decision by the Court in no way changes our judgement. The Court ... decided to see nothing and to say nothing." He vowed to "to continue the political struggle for democracy, for the rule of law".
Bozizé was sworn in for his second term at a ceremony in Bangui on 15 March 2011, the eighth anniversary of his seizure of power in 2003.
Parliamentary election.
In the first round on 23 January, 35 members were elected: 26 from Bozizé's National Convergence "Kwa Na Kwa", 8 independents (some of whom are Bozizé supporters) and one from the Movement for the Liberation of the Central African People. Run-offs were to be held in 68 seats (with Kwa na Kwa leading in most of them), and re-runs in Birao 2 (where two polling stations failed to open) and in Boganda (whence results were not reported to the Electoral Commission).

</doc>
<doc id="20806427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806427" title="Kashmore Taluka">
Kashmore Taluka

Kashmore Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Kashmore District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city of Kashmore is the capital.

</doc>
<doc id="20806428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806428" title="Institute for Science and Society">
Institute for Science and Society

The Institute for Science and Society (ISS) was an international centre of excellence in Science and Technology Studies located at the University of Nottingham, UK.
History.
It was founded in 1998 as the Genetics and Society Unit (GSU) and was later (2001) renamed the Institute for the Study of Genetics, Biorisks and Society (IGBiS) before its remit was expanded in 2006 to cover the social, legal, ethical and cultural implications of any field of science, medicine or technology, at which point it became ISS. The Institute was restructured in 2010 and mostly merged into the School of Sociology and Social Policy.
About ISS.
The Institute for Science and Society was a multidisciplinary centre drawing on a wide range of social sciences and humanities disciplines to conduct research into cutting edge aspects of the mutual relationship between science and society. Historically, the Institute's agenda was dominated by topics in the biosciences, broadly conceived, but it became increasingly involved in partnerships around physical science issues like nanotechnology, sustainable energy use and climate change. 
The Institute is now physically part of the School of Sociology and Social Policy at the University of Nottingham, but works virtually across the University under the University's Priority Group scheme as the Science and Technology Studies Priority Group.
Since its foundation, the Institute has been variously supported by grants and contracts from the Leverhulme and Wellcome Trusts, the Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC), the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC), the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC), the Medical Research Council (MRC), The Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC), the European Union and the National Health Service (NHS).
Dr. Sujatha Raman and Professor Brigitte Nerlich are the current co-directors of the Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20806461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806461" title="Revolution (cycling series) Season 1">
Revolution (cycling series) Season 1

Season 1 of the Revolution cycling series was held during the winter track cycling season of 2003/2004.
The inception of the series was a brave move forward for British Cycling, however those concerned about the possible failure of the series were silenced by the large crowd that turned out for the first event. The series first started out showcasing Britain's endurance talent and was able to add elite sprinting to the card during the first season. This was a very solid start to which to build the series on and take the sport of track cycling forward in the UK. 
Competition.
Sprint.
Elite sprinting made its Revolution Debut as a main feature at Revolution 3, with the cream of British riders taking on the visiting French squad. The event attracted big names like Chris Hoy, Craig MacLean, Jason Queally, Arnaud Tournant, Grégory Baugé and Florian Rousseau. The main sprint competition saw Hoy defeat MacLean in the first Semi-Final and Roussuau defeat Tournant in the other. Hoy was able to turn on the power in the final to become the first Revolution Sprint winner. In the Keirin event Tournant came home first, followed by team mate Baugé. A team Sprint competition completed the sprinting action, with Team GB and France reaching the final after defeating composite teams in the Semi-Finals. The team of Hoy, MacLean and Queally defeated the French team by 0.2 seconds. 
Revolution 4 saw the Dutch team provide the opposition for the British riders. Future World Sprint Champion Theo Bos defeated Chris Hoy in the Semi-Finals to set up a meeting with Jamie Staff in the final. Bos took a convincing victory after an early move caught Staff off guard. In the Keirin race Jon Norfolk made an early break for home but was caught by Hoy just before the line for the Scot to take the victory. To complete the sprint action Team GB continued their fine form in the Team sprint competition by defeating the Dutch team of Bos, Teun Mulder and Tim Veldt by over a second.
Endurance Competition.
Endurance racing launched the Revolution series from the first event, which featured GB stars Bradley Wiggins, David Millar, Rob Hayles and Chris Newton. The very first race was a Motor Paced Scratch race, in which the bike pulled off 6 laps from the end of the race. The race was won by Millar on his track debut, assisted by his Cofidis team mate Wiggins. The next event was a pursuit challenge, featuring 6 riders over 3 heats. The final saw Wiggins take on Hayles, an encounter in which Hayles led by 2 seconds at the half way point. However Wiggins was able to turn this around to take the victory by a margin of 2 seconds. Other victories on the night went to James Notley in the Devil Scratch race, Jon Norfolk in a mixed Keirin Race, Chris Newton in the Points race and Rob Hayles in the Scratch race. 
The British Riders returned for Revolution 2 and were joined by several visiting Greek riders and several other foreign riders. Bradley Wiggins won the Motor Paced Scratch race and Pursuit events, while the Greek Ioannis Tamouridis took victory in a 1500m Time Trial competition ahead of Chris Newton. Newton then dominated the Points race, taking the victory ahead of Russell Downing. Austrian Roland Gabber rounded off the evening by winning the Scratch race. Revolution 3 saw a mainly British field fight it out for the honours. Tony Gibb took victory in the opening Motor Paced Scratch race. This was followed by Newton again taking victory in the Points race, from Ed Clancy and Russell Downing. Downing then went on to take victory in main Scratch race to round off the evening.
The final event of the season saw several International riders join the field, including World Champion Franco Marvulli. However it was veteran Malcolm Elliott who took a very popular victory in the opening Motor Paced Scratch race. Pursuit World Champion Bradley Wiggins then took on Paul Manning in a thrilling Pursuit Challenge. Both riders were nip and tuck throughout the race, with Manning taking the victory by 0.020 seconds. Huw Pritchard took victory in the Points Race, followed by him finishing second to crowd favourite Marvulli in the Scratch race. The Revolution exclusive Madison Time Trial event made its debut at Revolution 2 during this first season. The top time of the season was set by the team Wiggins and Marvulli at Revolution 4, with 57.99 being clocked by the duo.
Future Stars Series.
The Future Stars did not run as a points storing competition during the first season, however races were held at each meeting. A number of now established stars competed in the races during the season. Olympic Gold and Silver medalist Jason Kenny and Bronze medalist Steven Burke both took part as did other now familiar names Ben Swift, Adam Blythe, Ian Stannard, Pete Williams and Tom Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="20806472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806472" title="Rockett, Texas">
Rockett, Texas

Rockett is an unincorporated community in Ellis County, Texas, United States. It is located on FM 813, approximately five miles northeast of Waxahachie.
History.
Rockett was settled in 1846, making it one of the oldest settlements in Ellis County. Missourian Hans Smith and his family were among the first settlers in the area. They chose a site along Red Oak Creek, southeast of the present-day community. Other families followed.
Originally known as Liberty, the name was changed to Rockett in 1852 after local store owner John Rockett, who placed the first cotton gin in the area. The community continued to grow and a post office opened in 1894. It remained in operation until January 2, 1907. By 1933, Rockett had an estimated population of 150 and two businesses.
As of 2000, there were approximately 124 people living in the community. In recent years, the building of several new subdivisions has brought more residents to the area. Despite its rural surroundings, Rockett (and all of Ellis County) is considered part of the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Rockett SUD.
The Rockett Special Utility District (SUD) provides water services for the community of Rockett and surrounding rural areas in north central Ellis County as well as a very small portion of southern Dallas County. There are approximately 11,000 residents living in its service area. 
It was established on January 29, 1965 as the Rockett Water Supply Corporation. The name was changed to the Rockett Special Utility District on November 21, 1989.
Education.
Being a dispersed, unincorporated community with no defined boundaries, portions of the Rockett area lie within three different Independent School Districts (ISDs). They are the Red Oak Independent School District, Ferris Independent School District, and the Palmer Independent School District.
Cemeteries.
There are four cemeteries that were established in Rockett during its early years. Those still in existence today include Andrews Cemetery, Graves Cemetery, Smith Cemetery, and Bells Chapel Cemetery (where many of the Rockett family are buried) – presently located within the city limits of Pecan Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="20806479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806479" title="Berndt Lubich von Milovan">
Berndt Lubich von Milovan

Berndt Lubich von Milovan (7 December 1913 – 17 April 2006) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Berndt Lubich von Milovan was serving as the commander of the 1st Battery, 3rd SS Sturmgeschütz Battalion, SS Division "Totenkopf" when he was awarded the Knight's Cross in October 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20806502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806502" title="Edwin Uehara">
Edwin Uehara

Edwin Uehara (born 21 July 1969) is a retired Peruvian-Japanese footballer. He was born in Lima and became a naturalised Japanese citizen in 1994.
Uehara began his playing career with Deportivo AELU and later played for Urawa Red Diamonds during the inaugural 1993 J. League Division 1 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20806505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806505" title="Gemma Bovery">
Gemma Bovery

Gemma Bovery (ISBN 0-2240-6114-3) is a graphic novel written by Posy Simmonds. Originally published as a serial in "The Guardian", it was published in book form in 1999. It is the tragicomic story of the life and death of an English expatriate in Normandy, drawing many parallels to Gustave Flaubert's "Madame Bovary".
Plot summary.
The story opens with Raymond Joubert, a baker in the (fictional) Bailleville, near Rouen in Normandy, reflecting on the recent death of Gemma Bovery, an English woman who lived in the village. Joubert blames himself for her death. During a visit to Gemma's widower Charlie, Joubert discovers that Gemma kept a journal, which Charlie has not had the heart to read. Anxious about what the journal may reveal, Joubert steals several of the most recent volumes.
Using the journal and personal recollection, Joubert tells the story of Gemma's final few months:
Magazine illustrator Gemma Tate has just been dumped by her supercilious lover Patrick Large and is taken in by kindly but impoverished furniture restorer Charlie Bovery, whom she soon marries. Depressed by London life and infuriated by the demands made by Charlie's shrewish ex-wife Judi, Gemma persuades Charlie to sell up and move to Bailleville in Normandy.
Gemma's initial delight at her simple new life soon gives way to ennui: their crumbling cottage is smelly and uncomfortable, and Charlie (who settles in Normandy far better) maddens her with his laid-back attitude to everything. Despite doing some piece work for rich, boorish neighbours Mark and Wizzy Rankin, the Boverys are soon considerably in debt.
The sensual Gemma has made a considerable impact in Bailleville: The pompous baker Joubert is soon obsessed with her and while following her one night discovers she is having an affair with Hervé de Bressigny, the son of a local landed family. Enraged with jealousy and disturbed by the uncanny parallels between Gemma's life and that of the heroine of Flaubert's "Madame Bovary", Joubert anonymously sends Gemma some photocopied extracts from the book as a warning that she may suffer the same fate as Emma Bovary.
Hervé, terrified of the impact the affair may have on his relationship with his family and girlfriend, soon breaks off the affair. Despite this, Gemma has been energised by the affair and starts to take up the illustrating assignments she had abandoned and is able to start earning good money again. Unfortunately this is not enough to sustain the massive spending spree she undertakes to transform her own appearance and that of the cottage. Charlie, meanwhile, returns to England having found out about Gemma's affair and being appalled by it.
Gemma's old lover Patrick turns up in Normandy as a guest of his friends the Rankins - he has been thrown out of his house by his wife Pandora (whom he left Gemma for). Gemma, unable to resist, makes love to him (again witnessed by the furious Joubert) but then realises to her delight that she is now able to resist his charms. She writes to Charlie, asking for his forgiveness, realising he is the steadying influence her life needs.
Gemma finds out that it was Joubert who sent her the pages from "Madame Bovary" and reacts with fury. Mortified with guilt, Joubert sends her a peace offering of freshly baked bread. As she is eating this, she is visited by Patrick, whom she rejects again. However she starts to choke on the bread. Patrick desperately tries the Heimlich maneuver but is disturbed by Charlie, who has just returned from England prompted by Gemma's letter. Charlie misreads the scene and attacks Patrick. As they struggle, Patrick desperately trying to tell Charlie what is really happening, Gemma dies.
Furnished with all the facts, Joubert realises his culpability in Gemma's death is small although he is still concerned about Charlie as in "Madame Bovary" Charles Bovary dies soon after his wife. He is relieved when Charlie reveals his real (never used) name is Cyril.

</doc>
<doc id="20806507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806507" title="Brezovica pri Medvodah">
Brezovica pri Medvodah

Brezovica pri Medvodah (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Brezovica" to "Brezovica pri Medvodah" in 1953. In the past the German name was "Bresowitz".
Church.
The local church, built on a hill above the village, is dedicated to Saint James.

</doc>
<doc id="20806525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806525" title="Jurgis">
Jurgis

Jurģis () and Jurgis (), the Latvian and Lithuanian names for George, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20806539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806539" title="Jalan FELDA Kemahang">
Jalan FELDA Kemahang

Jalan FELDA Kemahang, Federal route is a federal road in Kelantan, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1739 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20806540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806540" title="Alistair Hepburn">
Alistair Hepburn

John Alistair Hepburn (1915-2004) was a town planner, noted for his contributions to the design and development of the urban regions within greater Perth, Western Australia and Melbourne, Victoria.
Biography.
Early life.
Alistair Hepburn was born on March 8, 1915 in London. He studied as a chartered surveyor and valuer at Eastbourne College of Arts and Technology in East Sussex before joining the Royal Artillery during World War II. 
Career.
After the war, he practised as a town planning consultant in London and Middlesex and emigrated to Australia in 1951, where he joined the Brisbane City Council and later the Cumberland County Council in Sydney. 
In 1953, he took a position as the Town Planning Commissioner for Western Australia. At this time, he joined with Professor Gordon Stephenson (1908–1997) who had been commissioned specifically to produce a plan for the metropolitan areas of Perth and Fremantle. The pair co-authored the 1955 'Plan for the Metropolitan Region of Perth and Fremantle' which has served as the blueprint for town planning in the region since then.
He moved to Victoria in 1959, where he took a position of Chief Planner for the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works. He held positions there until his retirement in 1978. During his time in Melbourne, he helped guide the expansion of the city and the metropolitan region during the 1960s and 1970s. He also held council positions at La Trobe University both prior to its establishment in 1964, and continuing there until 1970. He was made an Officer (Civil) of the Order of the British Empire and in 2000 received a Centenary Medal.
Death.
He died on September 7, 2004.
Legacy.
The major arterial road Hepburn Avenue in Perth's northern suburbs is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20806550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806550" title="Billy Queen (baseball)">
Billy Queen (baseball)

William Eddleman Queen (November 28, 1928 – April 23, 2006) nicknamed "Doc", was an American outfielder in Major League Baseball. Listed at , , he batted and threw right-handed. 
The native of Gastonia, North Carolina, was 25 years old when he entered the Majors in with the Milwaukee Braves. A right fielder, he was hitless in his only two at bats in three games. He struck out against Harvey Haddix of the St. Louis Cardinals on April 24, and whiffed the following day against Al Brazle.
He then was sent to the Triple-A Toledo Sox to continue what would be a 14-season (1947–1960) minor league career.
Queen died in Gastonia at the age of 77.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
