<doc id="20768409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768409" title="B. Venkateshwarlu">
B. Venkateshwarlu

Bulemoni Venkateshwarlu (born 8 May 1973, Charakonda is a Telugu Cinema journalist, writer and a film director. He is the son of B. Kanakappa, who is a Government Primary School teacher. Venkateshwarlu was noted journalist, and he is into media career from 1990. In recognition for his efforts in researching films he have received the Nandi Award twice (1997 and 2002) as Best Book Writer and Journalist by the government of Andhra Pradesh.
Personal background.
Venkateshwarlu was born to Bulemoni Kanakappa and Bulemoni Kamalamma and did his schooling at government primary and high school of Charakonda village, and later continued his academics at Narayanpet of Mahbubnagar district for higher studies. He completed his intermediate in Government Junior College, Narayanpet and Bachelor degree in Hyderabad. He did his diploma in Journalism (Eenadu Journalism School), and Diploma in Screenplay writing in Doordarshan Kendra, Ramanthapur, Hyderabad. He is completed Diploma in Motion Picture Arts and Science from Academy of Art University, USA, 2008–09 in distance learning method.
Media career.
Venkateshwarlu paints and sings. He worked as Reporter in Eenadu Telugu news daily from 1989 to 1993, later he worked as Script Writer in State Institute of Education Technology (SIET), Doordarshan (a UNESCO aided Educational Project). He did research on Telugu Cinema and has written the books "Telugu Cinema Charitra" (1997), and "Telugu Cinema Vythalikulu" (2002), published and released with his own Nextstep Publications & Entertainments. For these two books he received the Nandi Awards from government of Andhra Pradesh. He also written a research book on the history of Chilkur temples, "Chilikuru Kshetra Charitra" in 2004. This is the first research book on Chilkur Balaji Temple or Chilukuru Balaji Temple. In 2005 Venkateshwarlu directed "Trivarnam - Every Indian Heartbeat", a patriotic video album in Telugu. This was the first patriotic video album in Telugu. He worked as a Creative Director and Film Analyst in Pyramid Saimira Theatre Limited from 2006 to 2009. At this time Venkateshwarlu don lot of film promotion works for Pyramid Saimira Theatre Limited for leading films inclusive of Sivaji (film), Shankar Dada Zindabad, Saroja, Naan Kadavul, Mozhi, Avva, Yamadonga, Pokkiri, Azhagiya Tamil Magan, Villu, Kachche Dhaage etc. In 2009, Venkateshwarlu directed Maisigandi Kshetra Charitra - Mythological Documentary film on the Maisigandi Temple’s history in Telugu. Farmer Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, Dr Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy was released this documentary film on 21 July 2009.
Books.
Telugu Cinema Charitra.
Telugu Cinema Charitra, (English: The History of Telugu Cinema) is a research book on Telugu Cinema History, by B. Venkateshwarlu, published in 1997. The book is one of the first major studies of Telugu Film Industry between 1908 to 1995. First published in 1997, it was a research book covering five major periods: Telugu Cinema in Silent Era (1912–1930), Early Tollywood (1931–1940), Golden Era (1941–1975), Commercial Culture in Telugu Cinema (1976–1995) and The Modern Era. The book also includes articles on silent movies, world cinema, Bollywood, animation in Tollywood, parallel cinema, Telugu cinema legends. Telugu Cinema Charitra book was selected for the Nandi Award by the government of Andhra Pradesh in 1997.
Telugu Cinema Vythalikulu.
Telugu Cinema Vythalikulu, (English: The Legends of Telugu Cinema) is a research book on personalities in Telugu Film Industry. It includes directors, actors, artists, producers and technicians and was published in 2002. The book is one of the major studies of Telugu Film Industry and film personalitis between 1908 to 2002. "Telugu Cinema Vythalikulu" was published by Next Step Publications & Entertainments, Hyderabad and marketed by Vishalandra Publishing House, Prajashakti Publishing House and Navodaya Publishing House. First published in 2002, it covered 142 film personalities from Telugu Cinema in Silent Era (1908–1930), Early Tollywood, (1931–1940), Golden Era, (1941–1975), Commercial Culture in Telugu Cinema (1976–2002) and The Modern Era. Telugu Cinema Vythalikulu was selected for the Nandi Awards by the government of Andhra Pradesh.
Chilkur Kshetra Charitra.
Chilukuru Kshetra Charitra is a historical and research book on the Chilkur Balaji Temple written by Bulemoni Venkateshwarlu in 2005. It was released by Nextstep Publications & Entertainments. It is a book on the history of Chilkur Temple. The book has details about the stone inscriptions, its translations and historical evidences.
Telugu Cinema Aanimutyaalu.
Telugu Cinema Aanimutyaalu is a research book on the most popular films from Telugu Film Industry, India. For this book writer Bulemoni Venkateshwarlu has undertaken research on Telugu Films, as well as Telugu Film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20768413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768413" title="Christophe Revel">
Christophe Revel

Christophe Revel (born March 25, 1979 in Dinan, France) is a French former goalkeeper and currently goalkeeping coach of Rennes.
He ended his playing career at the age of 30, taking the goalkeeping coach position at Rennes.

</doc>
<doc id="20768428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768428" title="Santa Teresa Tram">
Santa Teresa Tram

The Santa Teresa Tram (, ) is a historic tram line in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, connecting the city centre with the primarily residential, inner-city neighbourhood of Santa Teresa, in the hills immediately southwest of downtown. It is currently maintained mainly as a tourist attraction, and is nowadays considered a heritage tramway system, having been designated a national historic monument in 1988. The line has a very unusual gauge: . The main line is long.
Having run continuously since its opening in 1877, it is one of the oldest street railway lines in the world and, having been electrically powered since 1896, it is the oldest electric railway in all of Latin America. It is also the only remaining metropolitan tram system in Brazil. The only other original tram systems in the country to have survived past 1971 are the Campos do Jordão interurban tram/light rail line and the Itatinga line (near Bertioga), a rural and non-public tram line, which both continue to operate today. All other cities closed their systems by 1971 (Santos being the last), but since that time, three towns, Belém, Campinas & Santos, have reinstated trams as heritage services.
All service on the line has been suspended since 2011, as a result of a serious accident on the line, but a resumption is planned for 2014, and new fleet of 14 tramcars has been ordered for that purpose.
Routes.
The Santa Teresa tram route rises from downtown Rio de Janeiro and follows a circuit of Santa Teresa hill, offering a high-level view of the city. It passes over a high Carioca Aqueduct, a former aqueduct constructed in the 18th century and beneath which standard-gauge electric trams used to run. Except for the aqueduct, the route is shared by motor vehicles.
Before the 1960s, Rio de Janeiro trams served the entire downtown area and all near suburbs, but only the Santa Teresa line now remains, running two services.
Route 1 runs from Largo da Carioca (in the central area) to Morro Dois Irmãos and is long, while route 2 runs from Largo da Carioca to Paula Matos, and its length — about two-thirds of which is shared with route 1 — is .
Silvestre line.
Starting in 1999 a few trips per week on route 1, on Saturdays only, had continued beyond Morro Dois Irmãos (Two Brothers hill), to Silvestre, a route section previously closed in 1966. However, operation of these trips become sporadic and is thought to have ceased by 2005 or 2006; the section of tramway between Dois Irmãos and Silvestre was closed definitively in 2008, after the theft of the most of the overhead trolley wire.
History.
If horse-drawn tramways are included, trams have operated in Rio de Janeiro continuously since 1859. There are only four cities in the world in which trams have run longer: New Orleans (since 1835), Boston (1856), Mexico City and Philadelphia (both 1858).
Rio de Janeiro's first tramway was a horsecar line on which service was inaugurated on 30 January 1859 (testing began in 1858). Constructed by Thomas Cochrane and operated by the Companhia de Carris de Ferro da Cidade a Tijuca, the service ran between the city centre and Tijuca. In 1862 steam trams replaced the horsecars, making the Tijuca line the first steam-powered tramway in South America, but the higher speed and poor condition of the track led to many derailments and the line was closed in 1866. It was reopened in 1870, by a different company.
A new horse-drawn tram was built in 1868 by Charles B. Greenough, and a service running from Rua do Ouvidor to Largo do Machado commenced on 9 October, extended to Botafogo six weeks later. By January 1871, the line had reached Rio de Janeiro Botanical Garden, 10 km from the city centre.
Another horse-drawn tram, constructed by Albert H. Hager and run by the Rio de Janeiro Street Railway, opened on 25 November 1869. The first route ran to the palace grounds at Quinta da Boa Vista, with routes to Caju and São Cristóvão following later.
In 1870 the Rio de Janeiro Street Railway (soon to be renamed the Companhia de São Cristóvão) reopened the route of Cochrane's pioneer tramway to Tijuca. A new horse-drawn tram, constructed by João Batista Viana Drummond and run by the Companhia Ferro-Carril da Vila Isabel, opened in 1873. Further routes were opened to the Vila Isabel zoo, Engenho Novo, Méier, and the suburbs along the Dom Pedro II Railroad on the northwest side of town. The Ferro-Carril de Jacarepaguá company opened a new line in 1875, running from the Dom Pedro II Railroad's Cascadura station to Taquara and Freguesia.
In name only, the Santa Teresa tramway's first horse-drawn line, operated by Empreza de Carris de Ferro de Santa Theresa, opened in the same year of 1875, but served only the flat terrain within the city centre, not actually serving any of the Santa Teresa neighbourhood (or any part of the line that survives today); it was gauge. The same company built both a funicular (513 m long) to take passengers from the city centre up to Santa Teresa hill, and a separate hilltop tram line which started at the top of the funicular. The hilltop Santa Teresa tramway, the predecessor of the current line, opened on 13 March 1877, with a gauge of . It ran from the funicular station east to Curvelo and west to Largo do França. This main Santa Teresa line was extended from Largo do França to Silvestre in 1890. The operating company's name changed in 1885, 1887 and 1891, but kept the name Companhia Ferro-Carril Carioca from 1891 until 1960.
Meanwhile, steam trams were reintroduced to Rio in 1882, this time on the Tijuca line, operated by the São Cristóvão tramway company.
1892 saw the arrival of the first electric tram, on the Botanical Garden route. This was the first electrified street railway in all of Latin America, aside from a tram line that was extended in 1890 from Laredo, Texas, into Nuevo Laredo, Mexico (barely onto Latin American soil). It was quickly followed by other electric tram lines in Rio, including a Rua do Catete service in 1894 and two new lines in Flamengo in 1896.
In 1896 electric trams replaced the horsecars on the Santa Teresa line, and the line was extended across the then-abandoned aqueduct between Santa Teresa and Santo Antonio hills (the Carioca Aqueduct), with the city terminus uniquely being built on the second floor of the company's office building on Largo da Carioca. During this rebuilding, the line's gauge was changed from 914 mm to 1,100 mm, which it retains to the present day. The Santa Teresa system's electrification was completed in 1897.
By 1897 the Carioca railway had been completely electrified, making it the first totally electric tram system in South America. Electrification expanded rapidly over the next few decades, and by 1928 the last horse-drawn trams had been withdrawn from service.
From around the 1950s, the Rio de Janeiro tram system went into decline, with many lines being closed, and by the end of the decade most of the tram routes of the former São Cristóvão system had gone.
Closures continued through the 1960s, with the closure of the Alto da Boa Vista route in 1967, leaving only the Santa Teresa tram still running. The Silvestre Line had been cut back to Dois Irmãos in 1966; the section beyond was abandoned following storm damage.
The Santa Teresa tram moved to its new modern terminal in 1975, in the gardens of the Petrobrás oil company, located on the roof of the company's parking garage. This was the Santa Teresa line's sixth successive city-centre terminus; it remains the system's terminal today. The system is currently operated by the Companhia Estadual de Engenharia de Transportes e Logística.
Depots and terminals.
During the heyday of the Rio de Janeiro tram system, there were a number depots and terminals.
Depots at Cascadura, Penha, Méier, Alto da Boa Vista, Usina, Triagem, 28 de Setembro, Vila Isabel, São Cristóvão, Bonjardim, Rua Larga, Santo Antonio (neighbourhood), Largo do Machado, Largo dos Leoes, and Cosme Velho are all now closed, and the only depot still operating is Santa Teresa itself.
Most termini are also now closed, including Freguesia (Jacarepaguá), Taquara, Madureira, Irajá, Cavalcante, Inahauma, Caxambi, Piedade, Quintino Bocaiúva, Caju, Andarai, Santa Alexandrina, Estrela, Praia Vermelha, Leme, Gávea and Silvestre. There are currently three termini still served, at Largo da Carioca, Dois Irmãos and Paula Matos, and of these Largo da Carioca is the only one with a terminal (building).
One historic mule tram depot, at Vila Guaraní, is preserved.
Problems.
The tram's fleet is outdated, with only five regular cars, which are almost a century old, still running. The cars are open-sided with wooden cross-benches, leading to street children often hopping on and off for free rides. Electricity to the cars is still provided from overhead trolley poles, and all cars are bi-directional. The cars were built locally by the tramway companies, but several key components were supplied by foreign manufacturers: traction motors from English Electric, controllers from General Electric and trucks by the Peckham Manufacturing Company (Kingston, New York).
The cars and tracks are not in good repair, so the ride is slow and bumpy, though the carriages are regularly repainted in keeping with the tram's heritage image. The ride is good for sightseeing, but besides tourists, there are few regular paying passengers, and so the tramway is increasingly running at a loss and there are doubts regarding its long term future.
Accident and suspension.
Five people were killed and at least 27 injured when a tram derailed in late August 2011. All service has been indefinitely suspended since the accident. Service is still suspended as of October 2013, but 14 new two-axle trams have ordered for the line from a Brazilian manufacturer named T'Trans (based in Três Rios), and delivery is projected to begin in November 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20768429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768429" title="The Human Drift">
The Human Drift

The Human Drift is a work of Utopian social planning, written by King Camp Gillette and first published in 1894. The book details Gillette's plans for social and technological advancements that would replace the chaos of contemporary existence, which he termed the "human drift," with steady and predictable progress.
Gillette starts his book with a discussion of the role of the business tycoon in social reform. Gillette propounded the somewhat paradoxical view that the business magnate is the natural leader of reform, because of his rationality and his understanding of the power of capital.
The plan.
The main substance of the book, however, is Gillette's plan for an immense three-level metropolis (called "Metropolis") on the site of Niagara Falls. Designed to accommodate a population of tens of millions of inhabitants, the mega-city would draw its electric power from the Falls. (A photograph of the Falls served as the book's frontispiece.) The first large electrical generating facilities at Niagara Falls, utilizing the new alternating current system of Nikola Tesla and George Westinghouse, were being constructed at the time Gillette wrote.
Gillette's city was to possess "a perfect economical system of production and distribution," run by a World Corporation; it would in fact be the only city on the North American continent. Economies of scale would mean that a single one of every necessary facility — one steel mill, one shoe factory, etc. — would exist. Advances in mechanization would generate ever-greater efficiencies, and ever-greater wealth for the whole society. Social progress would be natural and inevitable; gender equality would be the rule.
Gillette gives a highly specific picture of his metropolis: it is shaped in a perfect rectangle, 135 miles on the long side and 45 on the short. Even with necessary farming and mining, most of the rest of North America outside Metropolis would be a natural environment. Gillette saw the city as containing the full population of the United States at that time, sixty million people; he also thought that the city could accept another thirty million in future population growth. Gillette wanted the buildings of Metropolis to be built of porcelain, for endurance and cleanliness. (His thinking on this point may have been influenced by the famous "White City" of the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893.) Gillette favored circular buildings, even for residences (25-floor apartment complexes), and a hexagonal street plan.
The text of "The Human Drift" was accompanied with abundant illustrations and plans, a graph of the "Educational and Industrial Pyramid," and other features of Gillette's scheme.
"His book is important for the attention it received in its time," though today it is "a curiosity."
Later books.
Gillette continued his Utopian argument in two subsequent books, "World Corporation" (1910) and "The People's Corporation" (1924). Other works also propounded his views.
Echota.
Nothing approaching Gillette's Metropolis has ever been attempted; but the Niagara Falls area was the site of one planned community, a model workers' town named Echota (which means "town of refuge" in the Cherokee language). It was designed by the architectural firm of McKim, Mead, and White in 1891 and built by the Niagara Falls Power Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20768445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768445" title="Lost Indulgence">
Lost Indulgence

Lost Indulgence () (also known as "Lost, Indulgence" or "Lost·Indulgence") is a 2008 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yibai and written by Zhao Tianyu. Like Zhang's earlier film, "Curiosity Kills the Cat", "Lost Indulgence" takes place in the central Chinese city of Chongqing.
The film is a family drama about the relationship between a mother and son (Jiang Wenli and Tan Jianci) after the sudden death of the father (Eric Tsang).
"Lost Indulgence" navigated a complicated series of schedules and cancellations before it was allowed to screen abroad, at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2008.
Plot.
Upon the apparent death of his taxi-driver father (Eric Tseng), Xian-chuen (Tan Jianci) and his mother Li (Jiang Wenli) take in his father's last fare, Su-Dan (Karen Mok), a bar girl, to fulfill the family's obligations. The father, Wu Tao drove his cab into the Yangtze River, breaking Su-Dan's leg and potentially paralyzing her for life, though his body was not recovered.
The son, a bereaved and sullen teenager, does not take to the crippled Su-Dan at first, his thoughts preoccupied with a school crush and the sudden death of his father. As time goes on, however he warms to her presence (and her ever-exposed legs). Su-Dan, restricted to a wheelchair sees the boy as a substitute little brother.
Meanwhile, Li, who works as a medic at a factory, is forced to work double shifts at a veterinarian hospital to help make ends meet. There she meets a handsome stranger (Eason Chan) who brings in his injured dog, and a tentative romance begins to form.
Release.
"Lost Indulgence" navigated a complicated series of schedules and cancellations before it was allowed to screen abroad. Originally scheduled to premiere at the 2008 Hong Kong International Film Festival, the film was pulled at the last moment by its producers due to failure to gain Chinese censor approval. For many in the industry, the decision to withdraw the film was fallout from the decision by the State Administration of Radio, Film, and Television to ban director Lou Ye and producer Nai An for improperly screening their 2006 film "Summer Palace" at the Cannes Film Festival without permission. Others saw the heightened concern as a result of public criticism and controversy surrounding Ang Lee's sexually explicit "Lust, Caution" and Feng Xiaogang's allegorical war story "Assembly". The withdrawal of the film was also seen as a sign of the growing influence that the Chinese Film Bureau has had on Hong Kong productions (or in this case co-productions).
"Lost Indulgence" missed a second scheduled screening at the Udine East Asian Film Festival, when a screening was again canceled due to failure to obtain official permission. Upon this second cancellation, critics speculated that producers were taking extra care before the Olympics rather than seeing the delays as a clear cut case of censorship.
Despite these setback, the film eventually did get its international premiere at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival on April 25, 2008.
Critical reception.
The film opened to mixed reviews.
Perry Lam of "Muse" Magazine called the movie 'an object lesson in how bad casting can skew a movie irredeemably.'

</doc>
<doc id="20768458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768458" title="No. 3 (Royal Auxiliary Air Force) Police Squadron">
No. 3 (Royal Auxiliary Air Force) Police Squadron

No 3 (Royal Auxiliary Air Force) Police Squadron formed as a consequence of the assumptions made in the Strategic Defence Review, presented to Parliament by the Secretary of State for Defence (then the Rt. Hon. George Robertson MP) in July 1998. Specifically, this recognised that deployed air operations are likely to take place at the end of a long supply chain or line of communication. Control of this line of communication ia a task which falls to the service military police organisations: The Royal Air Force Police and the Royal Military Police. To undertake this expanded task, the establishment of the RAF Police was increased by a number of both regular personnel and reservists. After a study, it was decided that the most effective way for the reservists to be formed was as members of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force. These personnel would then be integrated with the existing Tactical Police and Security Squadron to form Tactical Police Wing. Recruiting for 3 (Royal Auxiliary Air Force) Police Squadron, began in earnest in October 2002.
No 3 (Tactical Provost Wing) Police Squadron is based at RAF Henlow in Bedfordshire.[http://www.raf.mod.uk/rafreserves/squadrons/rafhenlowno3tacticalprovostwingsquadron.cfm]
During 2005 elements of 3 TPS deployed on exercise with Territorial Army units of the Royal Military Police to Poland for Exercise Uhlan Eagle.
More latterly known as 3 (Royal Auxiliary Air Force) Police Squadron, No: 3 Royal Air Force (Tactical) Police Wing The (Royal Auxiliary Air Force) element is often abbreviated to (RAuxAF)
Tactical Provost Wing is an independent Unit based at RAF Henlow. The Wing had its roots in the Support Squadron of Headquarters Royal Air Force Provost and Security Services, which was formed in 1968 to provide a force reserve for the Provost Marshal, as they were then known, to deploy in support of operations, exercises and other contingencies.
It was re-titled Tactical Police and Security Squadron in 1996 as part of an increased focus on support to deployed operations.
The primary focus for the Squadron and latterly the Wing has been Lines of Communication Policing and policing of deployed operations and exercises in the United Kingdom and overseas. The Squadron and Wing also provides air transport fleet worldwide through searches of passengers and cargo, the guarding of aircraft and cargoes, and the assessment of airfield security. In addition it continues to provide Royal Air Force Police personnel to undertake military policing and security tasks on both deployed operating bases and in wider operational areas. There have been few Royal Air Force operations in the last 30 years which have not seen the deployment of RAF Police personnel including RAuxAF Police.
3 (Royal Auxiliary Air Force) Police Squadron is totally integrated into No: 3 Royal Air Force (Tactical) Police Wing structure. Much of its support comes from Wing level resources and, in turn, personnel can expect to work directly alongside their regular counterparts. Applicants to join are invited to attend the Squadron HQ at RAF Henlow for a half day selection board. The board includes an aptitude test, interview and medical examination. 
Selected recruits complete a Basic Recruit Course held at RAF Halton. The BRC is in two phases:
continuation then takes place at RAF Henlow for one weekend every month (Usually the second weekend, except November because of Remembrance weekend). Previous service and or the persons civilian career can expedite this process at various stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20768470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768470" title="Burn Burn">
Burn Burn

Burn Burn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20768506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768506" title="Aurélien Faivre">
Aurélien Faivre

Aurélien Faivre (born June 22, 1978 in Besançon, France) is a French defender currently playing for FC Bourg-Péronnas.
He played on professional-league level in Ligue 2 for Besançon RC, FC Libourne-Saint-Seurin and Vannes OC.

</doc>
<doc id="20768507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768507" title="Pedro (video game)">
Pedro (video game)

Pedro is a computer game developed by Frank Johnson, Aidan Rajswing, Andrew Impson, Brian Carpenter and Steve Cain for the ZX Spectrum and released by Imagine Software in 1984. The game is an early example of the use of oblique projection graphics to give the impression of three dimensions.
Gameplay.
The player controls the eponymous Pedro, a Mexican gardener, and the object of the game is to protect Pedro's plants from the various animals—such as ants and rats—that try to eat them. To do this Pedro must try to block the entrances to his garden with bricks, stamp on any animals that get in, and plant seeds to replace any plants that are eaten. In addition to this a tramp will break into the garden every now and then and try to steal Pedro's seeds. The game ends when no plants remain. Points are scored by stamping on animals, and a bonus is earned at the end of each level based on the number of plants remaining.

</doc>
<doc id="20768513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768513" title="Student loans in India">
Student loans in India

Student loans in India (popularly known as Education loans) have become a popular method of funding higher education in India with the cost of educational degrees going higher. The spread of self-financing institutions (which has less to no funding from the government) for higher education in fields of engineering, medical and management which has higher fees than their government aided counterparts have encouraged the trend in India. Most large public sector and private sector banks offer educational loans.
Income Tax benefits.
Under section 80(e) of the Indian income tax act, a person can exempt the amount paid against the interest of the education loan - either for self or for his/her spouse or children - for eight years from the year (s)he starts to repay the loan or for the duration the loan is in effect, whichever is more.
Education loan is becoming popular day by day because of rising fee structure of higher education. It came into existence in 1995 started by SBI Bank and after that many banks started offering student loans.
References.
education-loan-growth-in-public-sector-banks-dips 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20768521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768521" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1933–1939">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1933–1939

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1933 and 1939. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20768529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768529" title="William Robertson (Australian settler)">
William Robertson (Australian settler)

William Robertson (7 October 1798 – 18 January 1874) was an Australian pastoralist. 
Born in Scotland and emigrating to Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) he rose to prominence by becoming a member of the Port Phillip Association which led to the first European settlement of Victoria. He also explored the Western District of Victoria in the company of Joseph Gellibrand and William Buckley.
In 1834 he married Margaret Whyte of Berwick, Scotland, and they had four sons and three daughters. Robertson died on 18 January 1874, predeceased by his wife and a daughter; his extensive Colac property was divided equally between his sons, John (1837-1875), William (1839-1892), George Pringle (1842-1895) and James (1848-1890).
Robertson is listed at 141 in the All-Time Australian Rich List with a wealth of $1.83 billion (estimated 2004 value).

</doc>
<doc id="20768534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768534" title="BRL-15,572">
BRL-15,572

BRL-15,572 is a drug which acts as a selective antagonist for the serotonin receptor subtype 5-HT1D, with around 60x selectivity over other related receptors. The 5-HT1D receptor has a very similar pharmacology to the closely related 5-HT1B receptor, and most older ligands for these receptors bind to both subtypes with approximately equal affinity, so development of compounds such as BRL-15572 which are able to selectively block the 5-HT1D subtype while leaving 5-HT1B unaffected, have been a significant advance which has helped scientists in researching the function of these serotonin receptor subtypes. One function of the 5-HT1D receptor this research has revealed is its role in modulating release of the neurotransmitter glutamate in the brain, as well as functions in regulation of cerebral blood pressure which are important in the pathogenesis of migraine headaches.

</doc>
<doc id="20768541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768541" title="Pierre Talmont">
Pierre Talmont

Pierre Talmont (born April 2, 1977 in Vannes, France) is a French football defender. He currently plays for the Ligue 2 side Stade Laval.
Talmont previously played for Vannes in Ligue 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20768557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768557" title="Robson Gracie">
Robson Gracie

Carlos Robson Gracie (; born 1935) is the 2nd son of Carlos Gracie, the founder of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and a member of the Gracie Family. Grandmaster Robson is a 9th degree red belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He is the father of several children including black belts Charles Gracie, Renzo Gracie, Flavia Gracie, Ralph Gracie, and the late Ryan Gracie. He is also the grandfather of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt Kyra Gracie Guimaraes and Neiman gracie.
He currently lives and teaches in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil where he is the president of the "Federacão de Jiu-jitsu do Estado do Rio de Janeiro".

</doc>
<doc id="20768558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768558" title="Meghalaya Legislative Assembly election, 2008">
Meghalaya Legislative Assembly election, 2008

The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly election of 2008 took place in a single phase on 3 March 2008 to elect the Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) from each of the 60 Assembly Constituencies (ACs) in Meghalaya, India. Counting of votes happened on 7 March 2008 and because of the use of Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) in this election, the results were ready within the day.
The ruling coalition Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) had broken apart in the lead-up to this election, forcing the main partner Indian National Congress (INC) to take on their erstwhile partners including United Democratic Party (UDP) and Meghalaya Democratic Party (MDP) who had decided to fight against the INC on basis on corruption charges against the incumbent Government.
The election provided a hung verdict and both the incumbent INC and the post-election coalition of NCP-UDP (who called themselved the Meghalaya Progressive Alliance (MPA) staked claim with the Governor of Meghalaya M.M. Jacob to form the next Government of Meghalaya. By virtue of being the single largest party in this election, winning 25 of the total 60 seats, the incumbent Chief Minister D. D. Lapang of the INC was invited by the Governor to form the new Government on 10 March 2008. However, the Lapang Government was unable to get enough support in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and the Chief Minister resigned 9 days later ahead of the vote of confidence scheduled for 20 March 2008. The Governor then invited the head of the UDP Donkupar Roy to form the Government with the support of the MPA coalition who claimed support of 31 of the 60 seats in the Assembly. This included 14 seats from NCP, 11 from UDP, 2 from Hill State People's Democratic Party(HPDP), 1 from Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), 1 from Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) and 2 independents
Background.
The previous elections to the 7th Meghalaya Legislative Assembly was held in 2003 and the term for this Assembly was set to expire on 10 March 2008. Hence, the Election Commission of India (ECI) announced fresh elections to the 8th Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on 14 January 2008. Of the 60 ACs in Tripura, 55 are reserved for Scheduled Tribes. Elections in all polling stations were held using EVMs.
After the 2003 elections to the 7th Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, the INC led MDA formed the Government under the leadership of INC's D. D. Lapang. The members of the MDA were INC (22 seats), UDP (9 seats), Meghalaya Democratic Party (MDP) (4 seats) and 3 independents. By 2006, Lapang faced revolt within the INC and the party took the decision to replace him as the Chief Minister. On 15 June 2006, Lapang resigned and his protégé J. D. Rymbai was sworn in as the new Chief Minister by the Governor of Manipur S. S. Sidhu, who administered the oath of office on behalf of Governor M. M. Jacob who was on leave. However, the conflict within the INC did not end there and both Lapang and Rymbai continued to claim majority support among the Congress Legislative Party (CLP). After 8 months in control of the Government, Rymbai was asked by the Congress high command to resign. Lapang was reelected as the leader of the Meghalaya CLP and was reinstated as Chief Minister by Governor M. M. Jacob on 10 March 2007. This time Lapang held onto the post until the completion of the term of the 7th Meghalaya Assembly.
Campaign.
In this election the INC was battling not just the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), but also its former MDA partners UDP and MDP. In addition, the NCP, a United Progressive Alliance (UPA) partner at the Centre, was also contesting against the INC in Meghalaya. Under the leadership of P. A. Sangma (who gave up national politics in favour of state politics before the elections), the NCP was expected to provide the most stiff competition to the INC.
Elections in the constiuency of Baghmara were postponed to 22 March 2008 on count of the death of the sitting INC MLA S. Sangma.
A total of 331 candidates contested the remaining 59 seats up for election. Romgram had the toughest fight with 11 contestants, while Jaiaw had only 2 contestants.
Election Day.
Election Day (3 Mar 2008) was largely peaceful across the state. However, there was one incident of violence that claimed the life of an INC worker when clashses broke out between supporters of INC & NCP at Selsella in the Garo Hills area of the state.
Voter turnout of 89.05% was a record for the state. High voter turnout was reported from almost all rural constituencies. Voter turnout for the Baghmara seat on 22 Mar 2008 was 88.50%.
Combined voter turnout across the state was 89.44%.
Results.
Note: The above results are only for 59 seats. The results of Baghmara constituency is not included as elections in Baghmara were postponed.

</doc>
<doc id="20768564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768564" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1939–1945">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1939–1945

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1939 and 1945. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20768576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768576" title="Poda Protected Area">
Poda Protected Area

The nature conservation site Poda was declared a protected area in 1989 by the Bulgarian Ministry of Water and Environment. It was the first protected area in Bulgaria that is completely managed and maintained by a non-governmental organization, the Bulgarian Society for the Protection of Birds(BSPB). BSPB prepares and implements activities adopted by the Council of Minister's Management Plan, but receives its funding completely from entrance fees, souvenirs sold, and donations. Through this arrangement, it aims to be a sustainable model for nature conservation, environmental education, and eco-tourism. 
Located south of the port city of Bourgas on the Southeastern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, Poda is surrounded by the Black Sea and three large lakes - Vaya Lake, Mandra Lake, and Atanasovsko Lake. Along with the protected area Poda, they form a large wetland area called the Burgas Lakes. It is a biologically important area as a resting station for many of the migratory birds who use the Eastern European migratory route, Via Pontica; as well as an important nesting habitat for many breeding species. In 1994, it was classified as a CORINE and in 2002 Poda was included in the Ramsar List of Wetlands of International Importance under the Ramsar Convention. It is proposed to be included in the European Natura 2000 network within the natural area Mandra - Poda.
Despite occupying a relatively small area, 265 bird species have been observed in the protected area Poda. 46 bird species nest in the area and it is the only location on the Black Sea Coast with a mixed heron breeding colony of Spoonbill, Glossy Ibis, Purple Heron, Grey Heron, Night Heron, Great White Egret and Little Egret. Other species breeding in the area are Marsh Harriers, Common Terns and Little Terns, and Great Cormorants - which have forsaken their usual breeding sites in reed beds and made their nests in the abandoned electrical pylons in the area. Its rich biodiversity is attributed to the three different types of water habitats it contains - brackish, fresh, and hyper-saline salt water. During the winter months in the bay at Poda, Pygmy Cormorants, a globally endangered species, rest at Poda. Other endangered species in the area at this time are Dalmatian Pelicans and White-headed Ducks. They share the bay with thousands of Coots, Pochards, and other ducks. Poda is located along Europe's second largest bird migration route, the Via Pontica. Annually, 75% of the European White Stork population (over 250,000), 100% of the White Pelican population (over 40,000) and thousands of raptors, waterfowl and song birds can be observed during the months of migration in March-April and August-September.
To facilitate its mission of environmental education and eco-tourism, BSPB has operated a Nature Conservation Center at Poda since 1997. It is open the entire year and offers lectures on the unique habitats and species in the area to tourists and visiting groups of students. Visitors can use the center's binoculars and telescopes, species identification posters, and nature path with a covered bird hide to observe the different birds in the protected area. Guided tours are given by on-site ornithologists or BSPB volunteers that explain the different habitats and common species found in each. The center receives around 15,000 visitors a year, mostly in the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="20768609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768609" title="Philippines men's national under-17 basketball team">
Philippines men's national under-17 basketball team

The men's national under-17 basketball team of the Philippines represents the country in junior men's under-16 and under-17 FIBA tournaments. The team is currently being handled by Michael Ray Jarin.
Current roster.
Philippines roster at the 2013 FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship:
Past rosters.
2013 SEABA Under-16 Championship: finished 1st among 5 teams
Richard Escoto, Joseph Matthew Nieto, Lorenzo Fernando Navarro, Michael Joseph Nieto, Michael Louise Dela Cruz, Arnie Christian Padilla, Jose Lorenzo Mendoza, Armando Emmanuel San Juan II, Norris Marc Decapia, Ricci Paolo Rivero, Kobe Lorenzo Paras, Jaime Andres Zalamea (Coach: Michael Ray Jarin) 
2011 FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship: finished 4th among 14 teams
Rodolfo Alejandro III, Michael Jay Javelosa, George Isaac Go, Tomas Gabriel Ramos, Rashleigh-Paolo Rivero, Janhubert Angelo Cani, Joshua Nicholas Dalafu, Adven Jess Diputado, Paul John Manzano, Kyles Jefferson Lao, Renzar Henry Asilum, Ranbill Angelo Tongco (Coah: Olsen Racela)
2011 SEABA Under-16 Championship: finished 1st among 5 teams
Christopher Angelo Vito, Arvin Dave Tolentino, Louis Edward Brill III, Daryl Louie Pascual, Michael Jay Javelosa, Janhubert Angelo Cani, Peter Amiel Murphy, Adven Jess Diputado, Gideon Ira Babilonia, Kyles Jefferson Lao, Renzar Henry Asilum, Ranbill Angelo Tongco (Coach: Olsen Racela)
2009 FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship: finished 4th among 16 teams
Kiefer Isaac Ravena, Von Rolfe Pessumal, Jeron Alvin Teng, Roldan Sara, Kevin Ferrer, Joshua Angelo Alolino, Cederick Labing-isa, Joeffrey Javillonar, Nestor Bantayan, Jr., Michael Anthony Pate, Cris Michael Tolomia (Coach: Eric Altamirano)

</doc>
<doc id="20768622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768622" title="Laurent Hervé">
Laurent Hervé

Laurent Hervé (born June 19, 1976 in Pont-l'Abbé, France) is a French midfielder currently playing for Ligue 2 side Vannes.

</doc>
<doc id="20768625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768625" title="Alexander von Hanstein, Count of Pölzig and Beiersdorf">
Alexander von Hanstein, Count of Pölzig and Beiersdorf

Maximilian Elisäus Alexander von Hanstein, count of Pölzig and Beiersdorf (9 June 1804, Burghaig, Kulmbach – 18 April 1884, Schmölln) was a Thuringian count. He was the stepfather of Prince Albert and grandfather of Hans Poelzig.
Life.
Alexander von Hanstein came from the Thüringer noble family of Hanstein Castle and was the son of Baron Friedrich von Hanstein and his wife Anna Maria.
In 1824, Alexander was stable master for Ernest III, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld. The duke's marriage was rocky. His wife, Princess Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg had an affair with von Hanstein, and Louise was exiled from the dukedom in autumn 1824. She was assigned a residence in the principality of Lichtenberg, now in Saarland, and Alexander followed her there.
On the death of Frederick IV, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg on 11 February 1825, Louise became sole heiress of the house of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg. In the subsequent discussions over the inheritance, a separation agreement was hammered out and the Saxon duchies were re-organised. Ernest separated from Louise on 31 March 1826, and in the same year exchanged Saalfeld for Gotha.
Now free, Louise planned to marry von Hanstein, and in preparation for such a marriage Alexander was created count of Pölzig and Beiersdorf on 19 July 1826 by Frederick, Duke of Saxe-Altenburg. On 18 October 1826, Alexander and Louise married at St. Wendel, the capital of the small principality of Lichtenberg. They resided in the castle there and spent some happy years but the marriage remained childless and Louise was prohibited by her first husband from contacting her children in Coburg.
After Louise's early death from cancer in 1831, Alexander went into the Prussian service and commanded the regiment of the corps Cürrassier in Potsdam. He married the 21-year-old Marie Therese von Carlowitz on 18 April 1833 in Coburg. As count and countess of Pölzig they lived at Schloss Pölzig and had three children:
In 1845, Alexander approached his stepson Prince Albert, who in the meantime had married Queen Victoria, and Albert allowed him a pension.
His second daughter Clara married the British shipowner George Acland Ames on 13 July 1854. Their sixth child, Hans, was born on the 30 April 1869 in Berlin. Because Ames did not acknowledge Hans as his son, he was given the surname Poelzig. Clara and Ames separated in July 1869, and Clara returned to Pölzig. She lived as a "the young countess" in the Schloss and died 10 years later in Beiersdorf. Hans Poelzig grew up in Berlin and became a world-famous architect and set designer.
Alexander's grandchildren, the Ames family in England, inherited the Schloss on his death in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="20768634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768634" title="Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl">
Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl

Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl is the fifth live album recorded by Northern Irish singer/songwriter Van Morrison, and released in the US on February 24, 2009 (see 2009 in music) and on February 9, 2009, in the UK. It was recorded during two live concerts at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles, California in 2008 and released on Morrison's new Listen to the Lion label and distributed by EMI.
The live performances of the eight original songs that feature on the album were recorded on November 7 and 08, 2008. Coincidentally, they took place forty years after the classic "Astral Weeks" was first released by Warner Bros. Records in 1968. One of the original musicians, guitarist Jay Berliner, joined with the many other musicians on the revisited version of "Astral Weeks".
The New York Daily News in the January 4 edition named "Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl" as one of the "Five Most Anticipated Pop Music Events for 2009".
A DVD of performances from the concerts, "" is an Amazon.com Exclusive and was released on May 19, 2009.
The album won "Live Album of the Year" at the MPG awards held on February 11, 2010.
Production.
With only one rehearsal prior to the concerts and with Morrison, as producer, insisting on no post-production engineering, the live album sounds essentially as it was heard by the concert goers. Morrison has said about the concerts and live sound of the recording: "The Hollywood Bowl concerts gave me a welcome opportunity to perform these songs the way I originally intended them to be." He was further quoted: "There are certain dynamics you can get in live recordings that you cannot get in a studio recording...There was a distinct alchemy happening on that stage in Hollywood. I felt it." "The new record was recorded live, what hear is what was played in its raw form. There was no mixing, no tweaking, no post-production at all, and I like that raw and edgy sound in real time."
"Astral Weeks Live" in New York City.
Van Morrison began a week of concerts and television appearances in New York City on February 27 and 28, 2009 to promote the new album. He performed the "Astral Weeks" songs along with some of his classics in two concerts at the WaMu Theater in Madison Square Garden and again on March 3 and 04 at the Beacon Theatre in New York City. During his stay in NYC, he made a guest appearance performing "Sweet Thing" on Jimmy Fallon's debut as host of "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" on March 2, 2009. Morrison made another rare TV appearance the next morning on "Live with Regis and Kelly" on March 3, 2009.
Reviews and critical analysis.
"Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl" received rave reviews by prominent critics prior to release. Andy Whitman in "Paste" called the live album both "nearly miraculous" and a "tour-de-force", also further assessing it: "something delightfully unexpected and daring in a late career that has been increasingly characterized by playing it safe and keeping it simple." Another early review by Mike Ragogna of "The Huffington Post" notes: "Through it all, Morrison is where he wants to be, onstage and in Heaven, singing, playing sax, guitar, and harmonica. The band's camaraderie is communicated musically, especially between Morrison and "Astral"'s original guitarist, Jay Berliner."
The word transcendent has often been used in the reviews of the concerts and live album of the "Astral Weeks" songs. A "Blogcritics" reviewer sums up his review with: "Van Morrison found the perfect outlet for his work. Not simply a rerelease, performing the songs again gives them even more soul than they did in 1968. There's a freedom to his voice that fills you up - like going to church - you feel deep inside. It's simple. It's transcendent." "Daily News" critic Jim Farber concluded: "But its most transcendent moments showcase the pleasure of letting a singer take his voice to the limit." "The Observer" critic's review commented that: "Transcendence is an overused word, but when Morrison hits his stride he seems to float onto another plane."
Van Morrison on performing "Astral Weeks" live.
Speaking of the 1968 "Astral Weeks" recording, Morrison told David Wild with "Rolling Stone": "It received no promotion, from Warner Bros.—that's why I never got to play the songs live. I had always wanted to play the record live and fully orchestrated—"that" is what this is all about. I always like live recording and I like listening to live records too. I'm not too fond of being in a studio—it's too contrived and too confining. I like the freedom of live, in-the-moment sound."
In commenting further on the Hollywood Bowl performances in a January 2009 interview, Morrison said: "There was an alchemy that took place, "I could feel it, and other people tell me they could literally see it occurring. I thought it was just going on within me. But apparently I was not alone. By the looks of it, far from it."
The Hollywood Bowl concerts.
The concerts both evenings were divided into two separate segments with a fifteen-minute intermission. The first half consisted of Morrison and the band performing some of his classic concert favourites and also his most popular tunes from over the years.
The "Astral Weeks" songs were both evenings performed in a different sequence than that of the original album. As performed in both concerts they were: "Astral Weeks", "Beside You", "Slim Slow Slider", "Sweet Thing", "The Way Young Lovers Do", "Cyprus Avenue", "Ballerina" and ending with "Madame George". On both evenings Morrison returned to the stage to perform "Listen to the Lion" for an encore.
November 7, 2008, concert
The classic set list for the November 7 concert was: "Wavelength", "Saint Dominic's Preview", "And the Healing Has Begun", "It's All in the Game"/"You Know What They're Writing About", "Troubadours", "Angeliou", "Moondance", "Brown Eyed Girl" and "Gloria".
Critic's comments:
"True to form, he showed no interest in recreating what he did 40 years ago in a New York recording studio, but was focused on revamping the song structure dramatically in service of the present." (Randy Lewis - "LA Times")
"To be sure, there were slight differences (in the most notable structural change, he moved the almost unbearably desolate album closer, "Slim Slow Slider" to earlier in the set, and finished with the marginally more cheerful "Madame George") but it was still recognizably —triumphantly—"Astral Weeks"." (Tim Page -"The Washington Post")
November 8, 2008, concert
The classic set list for the concert on November 8 was:
"Wavelength", "Saint Dominic's Preview", "Caravan", "It's All in the Game", "Here Comes the Night", "And the Healing Has Begun", "Common One", "Brown Eyed Girl", and "Gloria".
Critic's comments:
"Revisiting past glories can be a risky proposition for artists...But on this evening, Morrison's spellbinding performance spoke to the timelessness of both the artist and his work." (Brian Egan - "Billboard")
"Sometimes he evoked the fragility of the original material, but more often he took charge of the music with the authority that comes from four decades of performing, even shuffling the original playing order for no obvious reason." (Gavin Edwards - "Rolling Stone")
Track listing for CD.
All songs written by Van Morrison
Track listing for (Vinyl LP).
All songs written by Van Morrison
Disc one.
Side One
Side Two
Disc two.
Side Three
Side Four

</doc>
<doc id="20768642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768642" title="Martin McDonogh">
Martin McDonogh

Martin McDonogh (died 24 November 1934) was an Irish politician. A merchant, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway constituency at the June 1927 general election. He was re-elected at the September 1927 and 1932 general elections. He was re-elected at the 1933 general election, but died during the 8th Dáil in 1934. The by-election caused by his death was held on 19 June 1935 and was won by Eamon Corbett of Fianna Fáil.

</doc>
<doc id="20768646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768646" title="Jelovica, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Jelovica, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Jelovica is a small dispersed settlement below the eastern slopes of Mount Blegoš in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20768669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768669" title="Raffles International College Bangkok">
Raffles International College Bangkok

Raffles International College, Bangkok is a campus of Raffles Education Corporation, offering international degrees in both design and commerce programs recognized by the Australian and Singapore government. It is the first international design institute in Bangkok. And they were awarded with the title of "Best Design School" for outstanding achievement in the advancement of Arts and Design by Her Royal Highness Princess of Thailand Soamsawali in March 2007.
Programs are three-year degrees in design and business.

</doc>
<doc id="20768674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768674" title="Guamanian legislative election, 2008">
Guamanian legislative election, 2008

Legislative election also known as Senatorial election for the Legislature of Guam took place on November 4, 2008, coinciding with the 2008 United States general elections and the Guam general election. Democrats defeated three Republican incumbents: Mark Forbes, Frank Ishizaki and Jesse Lujan however one Democratic incumbent was defeated namely Vice-Speaker David Shimizu.
Primary Election.
The members are elected at-large with the first 15 winning candidates are elected as the new members of the legislature. As there were many candidates running, primaries were set on September 6, 2008 for both the Democratic and Republican parties. The first fifteen candidates who win the highest votes go on to the General election.
General election results.
Following the primaries, there were 26 candidates vying for the 15 seats in the Legislature of Guam. The members are elected at-large with the first 15 winning candidates are elected as the new members of the legislature. 
The Democratic Party gained full control of the legislature with 10 seats, while the Republican Party gaining only five seats.
Freshman Senators.
There will be 4 freshman Senators in the 30th Legislature. Four were elected on November 4, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20768676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768676" title="Kladje, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Kladje, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Kladje is a dispersed settlement at an elevation of 787 meters above sea level above the right bank of the upper course of the Poljane Sora River in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20768681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768681" title="The Nether World">
The Nether World

The Nether World (1889) is a novel written by the English author George Gissing. The plot concerns several poor families living in the slums of 19th century London. Rich in naturalistic detail, the novel concentrates on the individual problems and hardships which result from the typical shortages experienced by the lower classes — want of money, employment and decent living conditions. "The Nether World" is pessimistic and concerns exclusively the lives of poor people: there is no juxtaposition with the world of the rich.
Plot summary.
The old Michael Snowdon returns from Australia to London after inheriting a substantial sum of money from his deceased son. Despite being able to live a comfortable, if not luxurious life, he spends only on necessities and lives like a poor man, keeping his fortune secret. In London he finds his granddaughter, Jane, a weak child whom he rescues from the tyranny of the Peckovers (mother and daughter), in whose house she is employed as a household drudge. Jane's father, Joseph, is another son of Michael's who disappeared a few years ago in search of work, leaving Jane with the Peckovers. Michael nurtures a plan to bestow his fortune on Jane after his death, but he wants Jane to spend this money on charity and social work rather than on her own needs. He engages Jane in charitable activities and everyday work even before he reveals the secret of his wealth to her, trying to inculcate to her the principles of benevolence.
Joseph Snowdon returns suddenly to London. Formerly he argued with his father and is not on amiable terms with him. Joseph is preyed upon by the young Clem Peckover who marries him after she and her mother begin suspecting that Joseph's father is rich. Michael receives Joseph reservedly, without revealing intent of sharing the fortune with him. Joseph, pestered by his disappointed wife, also believes that Michael is rich, and tries to win his father's respect by improving relations with Jane. He also befriends Jane's older friend, Sidney Kirkwood. Sidney, an honest and sympathetic character, apparently intends to marry Jane in the future, unaware of Michael's fortune. Joseph, fearing that if Sidney, Michael's favorite, marries Jane, then Michael will leave most of the fortune to the young couple. Therefore, he develops a plan to make Clara Hewett, Sidney's former love, more fond of Sidney, and catalyze their marriage.
Clara Hewett is a young attractive woman who left her poor family with an intention of becoming a famous actress and escaping poverty. Clara's brother Bob, a promising artist, chooses to remain in the same social class: he marries a poor and unfortunate girl Pennyloaf whom he does not love. When Clara was living with her family, she, proud and ambitious, scorned the attention of Sidney. Sidney is a friend of her father John and the two quarrel because of Clara after she left. John believes that the loss of his daughter is Sidney's fault. Later, when John's sickly wife dies, Sidney helps the struggling Hewett family with some of his savings, and John becomes contrite about his earlier misunderstanding of Sidney's nature. In search of fame and fortune Clara joins a traveling theatre and shows talent, but her plans are thwarted by a rival actress who, jealous of Clara's success, disfigures Clara's face with an acid. Clara is admitted to a hospital, and Joseph informs John anonymously of her whereabouts. Clara is taken home, but now that all her hopes for better life are ended, she starts re-evaluating her ungratefulness towards her father and Sidney, and also contemplates suicide.
Meanwhile Michael reveals his secret separately to Jane and Sidney and emphasizes his plan for how the fortune should be spent. At first, Sidney seems to like the idea of life's work for charity, but later believes that Michael's plan is futile and that the money should rather be spent on Jane's education and her enjoyment of life. Disagreeing with Michael's plans, and feeling that his dignity is compromised by Joseph's broaching the question of the old man's money, Sidney reduces his relationship with Jane and instead offers marriage to Clara who accepts it gratefully.
Jane, heartbroken and uncertain of her firmness to carry out Michael's plan, becomes disfavored by the old man. After his explanation with Jane, Michael destroys his will, contemplates the matter, but before he can compose a new will he suffers a stroke and dies. In the absence of a will, the scheming Joseph inherits all the money. His wife is making plans to kill him, but Joseph escapes abroad with the money, content to leave Jane only a small pension.
The novel has a tragic end for all its characters. Sidney and Clara have an unhappy marriage exacerbated by material wants. Jane rejects her father's pension after discovering his intrigues and declines an offer of marriage from a well-to-do business clerk, thus accepting a life of toil. Bob Hewett largely abandons his wife and children and dies fleeing arrest for forging coins. Clem is accused of trying to poison her mother and is tried in court. Joseph's fortune is squandered in the financial markets of the United States, a misfortune that he cannot survive.
'The Nether World' opens near Clerkenwell Close in central London, and throughout the novel focusses on the Clerkenwell area, then largely working class and a centre of workshop and small factory trades. The novel is remarkable for its very strong sense of place.

</doc>
<doc id="20768689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768689" title="Bolshaya Ussurka River">
Bolshaya Ussurka River

Bolshaya Ussurka River (Russian: "Большая Уссурка", literally: "Great Ussuri") is a river on Russian Far East in Primorsky Krai, a right tributary of Ussuri River.
The area of the Bolshaya Ussurka River drainage basin is approximately 29,600 km². It is 440 km in length.
The major tributaries of Bolshaya Ussurka River are Malinovka, Marevka, Naumovka and Armu Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="20768701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768701" title="Kopačnica">
Kopačnica

Kopačnica is a dispersed settlement in a small valley northwest of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20768712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768712" title="Garney Goodrick">
Garney Goodrick

Garnet Gordon Goodrick (19 February 1895 – 26 January 1929) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Tasmania and Australian rules football with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Goodrick was born in Tasmania and played his early football at North Hobart and New Town before being recruited by Carlton. He made 21 appearances and kicked five goals for Carlton, over the 1923, 1924 and 1925 VFL seasons. After leaving Carlton he joined the Northcote Football Club. 
His only first-class cricket match came in February 1923, before he joined Carlton and took place at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Playing against Victoria, Goodrick batted in the middle order and made scores of one and 20 in his two innings. He then conceded 114 runs from his 22 overs as Victoria amassed a record first-class score of 1059 all out, 429 of which came from Bill Ponsford.

</doc>
<doc id="20768715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768715" title="True quantified Boolean formula">
True quantified Boolean formula

In computational complexity theory, the language TQBF is a formal language consisting of the true quantified Boolean formulas. A (fully) quantified Boolean formula is a formula in quantified propositional logic where every variable is quantified (or bound), using either existential or universal quantifiers, at the beginning of the sentence. Such a formula is equivalent to either true or false (since there are no free variables). If such a formula evaluates to true, then that formula is in the language TQBF. It is also known as QSAT (Quantified SAT).
Overview.
In computational complexity theory, the quantified Boolean formula problem (QBF) is a generalization of the Boolean satisfiability problem in which both existential quantifiers and universal quantifiers can be applied to each variable. Put another way, it asks whether a quantified sentential form over a set of Boolean variables is true or false. For example, the following is an instance of QBF:
QBF is the canonical complete problem for PSPACE, the class of problems solvable by a deterministic or nondeterministic Turing machine in polynomial space and unlimited time. Given the formula in the form of an abstract syntax tree, the problem can be solved easily by a set of mutually recursive procedures which evaluate the formula. Such an algorithm uses space proportional to the height of the tree, which is linear in the worst case, but uses time exponential in the number of quantifiers.
Provided that MA ⊊ PSPACE, which is widely believed, QBF cannot be solved, nor can a given solution even be verified, in either deterministic or probabilistic polynomial time (in fact, unlike the satisfiability problem, there's no known way to specify a solution succinctly). It is trivial to solve using an alternating Turing machine in linear time, which is no surprise since in fact AP = PSPACE, where AP is the class of problems alternating machines can solve in polynomial time.
When the seminal result IP = PSPACE was shown (see interactive proof system), it was done by exhibiting an interactive proof system that could solve QBF by solving a particular arithmetization of the problem.
QBF formulas have a number of useful canonical forms. For example, it can be shown that there is a polynomial-time many-one reduction that will move all quantifiers to the front of the formula and make them alternate between universal and existential quantifiers. There is another reduction that proved useful in the IP = PSPACE proof where no more than one universal quantifier is placed between each variable's use and the quantifier binding that variable. This was critical in limiting the number of products in certain subexpressions of the arithmetization.
Prenex normal form.
A fully quantified Boolean formula can be assumed to have a very specific form, called prenex normal form. It has two basic parts: a portion containing only quantifiers and a portion containing an unquantified Boolean formula usually denoted as formula_2. If there are formula_3 Boolean variables, the entire formula can be written as
where every variable falls within the scope of some quantifier. By introducing dummy variables, any formula in prenex normal form can be converted into a sentence where existential and universal quantifiers alternate. Using the dummy variable formula_5,
The second sentence has the same truth value but follows the restricted syntax. Assuming fully quantified Boolean formulas to be in prenex normal form is a frequent feature of proofs.
Solving.
There is a simple recursive algorithm for determining whether a TQBF is true. Given some QBF
If the formula contains no quantifiers, we can just return the formula. Otherwise, we take off the first quantifier and check both possible values for the first variable:
If formula_10, then return formula_11. If formula_12, then return formula_13.
How fast does this algorithm run?
For every quantifier in the initial QBF, the algorithm makes two recursive calls on only a linearly smaller subproblem. This gives the algorithm an exponential runtime "O(2^n)".
How much space does this algorithm use?
Within each invocation of the algorithm, it needs to store the intermediate results of computing A and B. Every recursive call takes off one quantifier, so the total recursive depth is linear in the number of quantifiers. Formulas that lack quantifiers can be evaluated in space logarithmic in the number of variables. The initial QBF was fully quantified, so there are at least as many quantifiers as variables. Thus, this algorithm uses "O"("n" + log "n") = "O"("n") space. This makes the TQBF language part of the PSPACE complexity class.
PSPACE-completeness.
The TQBF language serves in complexity theory as the canonical PSPACE-complete problem. Being PSPACE-complete means that a language is in PSPACE and that the language is also PSPACE-hard. The algorithm above shows that TQBF is in PSPACE.
Showing that TQBF is PSPACE-hard requires showing that any language in the complexity class PSPACE can be reduced to TQBF in polynomial time. I.e.,
This means that, for a PSPACE language L, whether an input formula_15 is in L can be decided by checking whether formula_16 is in TQBF, for some function formula_17 that is required to run in polynomial time (relative to the length of the input) Symbolically,
Proving that TQBF is PSPACE-hard, requires specification of formula_17.
So, suppose that L is a PSPACE language. This means that L can be decided by a polynomial space deterministic Turing machine (DTM). This is very important for the reduction of L to TQBF, because the configurations of any such Turing Machine can be represented as Boolean formulas, with Boolean variables representing the state of the machine as well as the contents of each cell on the Turing Machine tape, with the position of the Turing Machine head encoded in the formula by the formula's ordering. In particular, our reduction will use the variables formula_20 and formula_21, which represent two possible configurations of the DTM for L, and a natural number t, in constructing a QBF formula_22 which is true if and only if the DTM for L can go from the configuration encoded in formula_20 to the configuration encoded in formula_21 in no more than t steps. The function formula_17, then, will construct from the DTM for L a QBF formula_26, where formula_27 is the DTM's starting configuration, formula_28 is the DTM's accepting configuration, and T is the maximum number of steps the DTM could need to move from one configuration to the other. We know that "T" = "O"(exp("n")), where n is the length of the input, because this bounds the total number of possible configurations of the relevant DTM. Of course, it cannot take the DTM more steps than there are possible configurations to reach formula_29 unless it enters a loop, in which case it will never reach formula_29 anyway.
At this stage of the proof, we have already reduced the question of whether an input formula formula_31 (encoded, of course, in formula_27) is in L to the question of whether the QBF formula_26, i.e., formula_34, is in TQBF. The remainder of this proof proves that formula_17 can be computed in polynomial time.
For formula_36, computation of formula_22 is straightforward—either one of the configurations changes to the other in one step or it does not. Since the Turing Machine that our formula represents is deterministic, this presents no problem.
For formula_38, computation of formula_22 involves a recursive evaluation, looking for a so-called "middle point" formula_40. In this case, we rewrite the formula as follows:
This converts the question of whether formula_20 can reach formula_21 in t steps to the question of whether formula_20 reaches a middle point formula_40 in formula_46 steps, which itself reaches formula_21 in formula_46 steps. The answer to the latter question of course gives the answer to the former.
Now, t is only bounded by T, which is exponential (and so not polynomial) in the length of the input. Additionally, each recursive layer virtually doubles the length of the formula. (The variable formula_40 is only one midpoint—for greater t, there are more stops along the way, so to speak.) So the time required to recursively evaluate formula_22 in this manner could be exponential as well, simply because the formula could become exponentially large. This problem is solved by universally quantifying using variables formula_51 and formula_52 over the configuration pairs (e.g., formula_53), which prevents the length of the formula from expanding due to recursive layers. This yields the following interpretation of formula_22:
This version of the formula can indeed be computed in polynomial time, since any one instance of it can be computed in polynomial time. The universally quantified ordered pair simply tells us that whichever choice of formula_56 is made, formula_57.
Thus, formula_58, so TQBF is PSPACE-hard. Together with the above result that TQBF is in PSPACE, this completes the proof that TQBF is a PSPACE-complete language.

</doc>
<doc id="20768719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768719" title="Permanent is sharp-P-complete">
Permanent is sharp-P-complete

In a 1979 scholarly paper, Leslie Valiant proved that the computational problem of computing the permanent of a matrix is #P-hard, even if the matrix is restricted to have entries that are all 0 or 1. In this restricted case, computing the permanent is even #P-complete, because it corresponds to the #P problem of counting the number of permutation matrices one can get by changing ones into zeroes.
This result is sometimes known as Valiant's theorem and is considered a seminal result in computational complexity theory. Valiant's 1979 paper also introduced #P as a complexity class.
Significance.
One reason for interest in the computational complexity of the permanent is that it provides an example of a problem where constructing a single solution can be done efficiently but where counting all solutions is hard. As Papadimitriou writes in his book "Computational Complexity":
Specifically, computing the permanent (shown to be difficult by Valiant's results) is closely connected with finding a perfect matching in a bipartite graph, which is solvable in polynomial time by the Hopcroft–Karp algorithm. For a bipartite graph with "2n" vertices partitioned into two parts with "n" vertices each, the number of perfect matchings equals the permanent of its biadjacency matrix and the square of the number of perfect matchings is equal to the permanent of its adjacency matrix. Since any 0–1 matrix is the biadjacency matrix of some bipartite graph, Valiant's theorem implies that the problem of counting the number of perfect matchings in a bipartite graph is #P-complete, and in conjunction with Toda's theorem this implies that it is hard for the entire polynomial hierarchy.
The computational complexity of the permanent also has some significance in other aspects of complexity theory: it is not known whether NC equals P (informally, whether every polynomially-solvable problem can be solved by a polylogarithmic-time parallel algorithm) and Ketan Mulmuley has suggested an approach to resolving this question that relies on writing the permanent as the determinant of a matrix.
Hartmann proved a generalization of Valiant's theorem concerning the complexity of computing immanants of matrices that generalize both the determinant and the permanent.
Ben-Dor and Halevi's proof.
Below, the proof that computing the permanent of a 01-matrix is #P-complete is described. It mainly follows the proof by .
Overview.
Any square matrix formula_1 can be viewed as the adjacency matrix of a directed graph, with formula_2 representing the weight of the edge from vertex "i" to vertex "j". Then, the permanent of A is equal to the sum of the weights of all cycle-covers of the graph; this is a graph-theoretic interpretation of the permanent.
In order to prove that 01-Permanent is #P-hard, it is therefore sufficient to show that the number of satisfying assignments for a 3-CNF formula can be expressed succinctly as a function of the permanent of a matrix that contains only the values 0 and 1. This is usually accomplished in two steps:
Constructing the integer graph.
Given a 3CNF-formula formula_5 with "m" clauses and "n" variables, one can construct a weighted, directed graph formula_3 such that
Thus if formula_11 is the number of satisfying assignments for formula_5, the permanent of this graph will be formula_13.
The graph construction makes use of a component that is treated as a "black box." To keep the explanation simple, the properties of this component are given without actually defining the structure of the component.
To specify "G""φ", one first constructs a variable node in "G""φ" for each of the "n" variables in "φ". Additionally, for each of the "m" clauses in "φ", one constructs a clause component "C""j" in "G""φ" that functions as a sort of "black box." All that needs to be noted about "C""j" is that it has three input edges and three output edges. The input edges come either from variable nodes or from previous clause components (e.g., "C""o" for some "o" < "j") and the output edges go either to variable nodes or to later clause components (e.g., "C""o" for some formula_19). The first input and output edges correspond with the first variable of the clause "j", and so on. Thus far, all of the nodes that will appear in the graph "G""φ" have been specified.
Next, one would consider the edges. For each variable formula_20 of formula_5, one makes a true cycle (T-cycle) and a false cycle (F-cycle) in formula_3. To create the T-cycle, one starts at the variable node for formula_20 and draw an edge to the clause component formula_24 that corresponds to the first clause in which formula_20 appears. If formula_20 is the first variable in the clause of formula_5 corresponding to formula_24, this edge will be the first input edge of formula_24, and so on. Thence, draw an edge to the next clause component corresponding to the next clause of formula_5 in which formula_20 appears, connecting it from the appropriate output edge of formula_24 to the appropriate input edge of the next clause component, and so on. After the last clause in which formula_20 appears, we connect the appropriate output edge of the corresponding clause component back to formula_20's variable node. Of course, this completes the cycle. To create the F-cycle, one would follow the same procedure, but connect formula_20's variable node to those clause components in which ~formula_20 appears, and finally back to formula_20's variable node. All of these edges outside the clause components are termed "external edges", all of which have weight 1. Inside the clause components, the edges are termed "internal edges". Every external edge is part of a T-cycle or an F-cycle (but not both—that would force inconsistency).
Note that the graph formula_3 is of size linear in formula_39, so the construction can be done in polytime (assuming that the clause components do not cause trouble).
Notable properties of the graph.
A useful property of formula_3 is that its cycle covers correspond to variable assignments for formula_5. For a cycle cover Z of formula_3, one can say that Z induces an assignment of values for the variables in formula_5 just in case Z contains all of the external edges in formula_20's T-cycle and none of the external edges in formula_20's F-cycle for all variables formula_20 that the assignment makes true, and vice versa for all variables formula_20 that the assignment makes false. Although any given cycle cover Z need not induce an assignment for formula_5, any one that does induces exactly one assignment, and the same assignment induced depends only on the external edges of Z. The term Z is considered an incomplete cycle cover at this stage, because one talks only about its external edges, M. In the section below, one considers M-completions to show that one has a set of cycle covers corresponding to each M that have the necessary properties.
The sort of Z's that don't induce assignments are the ones with cycles that "jump" inside the clause components. That is, if for every formula_24, at least one of formula_24's input edges is in Z, and every output edge of the clause components is in Z when the corresponding input edge is in Z, then Z is proper with respect to each clause component, and Z will produce a satisfying assignment for formula_5. This is because proper Z's contain either the complete T-cycle or the complete F-cycle of every variable formula_20 in formula_5 as well as each including edges going into and coming out of each clause component. Thus, these Z's assign either true or false (but never both) to each formula_20 and ensure that each clause is satisfied. Further, the sets of cycle covers corresponding to all such Z's have weight formula_9, and any other Z's have weight formula_56. The reasons for this depend on the construction of the clause components, and are outlined below.
The clause component.
To understand the relevant properties of the clause components formula_24, one needs the notion of an M-completion. A cycle cover Z induces a satisfying assignment just in case its external edges satisfy certain properties. For any cycle cover of formula_3, consider only its external edges, the subset M. Let M be a set of external edges. A set of internal edges L is an M-completion just in case formula_59 is a cycle cover of formula_3. Further, denote the set of all M-completions by formula_61 and the set of all resulting cycle covers of formula_3 by formula_63.
Recall that construction of formula_3 was such that each external edge had weight 1, so the weight of formula_63, the cycle covers resulting from any M, depends only on the internal edges involved. We add here the premise that the construction of the clause components is such that the sum over possible M-completions of the weight of the internal edges in each clause component, where M is proper relative to the clause component, is 12. Otherwise the weight of the internal edges is 0. Since there are "m" clause components, and the selection of sets of internal edges, L, within each clause component is independent of the selection of sets of internal edges in other clause components, so one can multiply everything to get the weight of formula_63. So, the weight of each formula_63, where M induces a satisfying assignment, is formula_9. Further, where M does not induce a satisfying assignment, M is not proper with respect to some formula_24, so the product of the weights of internal edges in formula_63 will be formula_56.
The clause component is a weighted, directed graph with 7 nodes with edges weighted and nodes arranged to yield the properties specified above, and is given in Appendix A of Ben-Dor and Halevi (1993). Note that the internal edges here have weights drawn from the set formula_14; not all edges have 0–1 weights.
Finally, since the sum of weights of all the sets of cycle covers inducing any particular satisfying assignment is 12"m", and the sum of weights of all other sets of cycle covers is 0, one has Perm("G""φ") = 12"m"·("#φ"). The following section reduces computing Perm(formula_3) to the permanent of a 01 matrix.
01-Matrix.
The above section has shown that Permanent is #P-hard. Through a series of reductions, any permanent can be reduced to the permanent of a matrix with entries only 0 or 1. This will prove that 01-Permanent is #P-hard as well.
Reduction to a non-negative matrix.
Using modular arithmetic, convert an integer matrix "A" into an equivalent non-negative matrix formula_74 so that the permanent of formula_75 can be computed easily from the permanent of formula_74, as follows:
Let formula_75 be an formula_78 integer matrix where no entry has a magnitude larger than formula_79.
The transformation of formula_75 into formula_74 is polynomial in formula_88 and formula_89, since the number of bits required to represent formula_90 is polynomial in formula_88 and formula_89
An example of the transformation and why it works is given below.
Here, formula_95, formula_96, and formula_97, so formula_98. Thus
Note how the elements are non-negative because of the modular arithmetic. It is simple to compute the permanent
so formula_101. Then formula_84, so formula_103
Reduction to powers of 2.
Note that any number can be decomposed into a sum of powers of 2. For example,
This fact is used to convert a non-negative matrix into an equivalent matrix whose entries are all powers of 2. The reduction can be expressed in terms of graphs equivalent to the matrices.
Let formula_105 be a formula_88-node weighted directed graph with non-negative weights, where largest weight is formula_107. Every edge formula_108 with weight formula_109 is converted into an equivalent edge with weights in powers of 2 as follows:
This can be seen graphically in the Figure 1. The subgraph that replaces the existing edge contains formula_112 nodes and formula_113 edges.
To prove that this produces an equivalent graph formula_114 that has the same permanent as the original, one must show the correspondence between the cycle covers of formula_105 and formula_114.
Consider some cycle-cover formula_117 in formula_105.
Note that the size of formula_114 is polynomial in formula_88 and formula_134.
Reduction to 0–1.
The objective here is to reduce a matrix whose entries are powers of 2 into an equivalent matrix containing only zeros and ones (i.e. a directed graph where each edge has a weight of 1).
Let G be a formula_88-node directed graph where all the weights on edges are powers of two. Construct a graph, formula_114, where the weight of each edge is 1 and Perm(G) = Perm(G'). The size of this new graph, G', is polynomial in formula_88 and formula_138 where the maximal weight of any edge in graph G is formula_139.
This reduction is done locally at each edge in G that has a weight larger than 1. Let formula_140 be an edge in G with a weight formula_141. It is replaced by a subgraph formula_142 that is made up of formula_143 nodes and formula_144 edges as seen in Figure 2. Each edge in formula_142 has a weight of 1. Thus, the resulting graph G' contains only edges with a weight of 1.
Consider some cycle-cover formula_117 in formula_105.
Aaronson's proof.
Quantum computer scientist Scott Aaronson has proved #P-hardness of permanent using quantum methods.

</doc>
<doc id="20768727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768727" title="Squashsite">
Squashsite

Squashsite (referring to squashsite.co.uk) is a sport website that provides squash news, results, squash tournament coverage. Squashsite is owned and co-founded by Steve Cubbins and Framboise Gommendy. Individual users can use an RSS reader to be automatically notified of updates on this site and other newsfeeds, and other websites can also 'subscribe' to the newsfeed to provide their users with the latest squash headlines. Squashsite is also available in French.
Financial Troubles.
In 5 years time, they managed to produce an annual income of £20,000 through sponsors and official tournament website fees. They were not able to receive subsistence from the three main bodies: the World Squash Federation (WSF), the Professional Squash Association (PSA) and the Women's International Squash Players Association (WISPA). A meeting was set up in Manchester with the Cardiff-based PSA, the men's tour body, to discuss a potential partnership, however, a last-minute change from the governing body left it with no alternative but to quit the site. 
Mick Dodd, James Willstrop's manager, had given Cubbins & Gommendy a lifeline by suggesting that they should carry on serving the squash community and leave the business side up to him.

</doc>
<doc id="20768729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768729" title="Bishop's Quay">
Bishop's Quay

Bishop's Quay is a hamlet in south-west Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is situated on the south bank of the tidal Mawgan Creek at its confluence with the Helford River five miles (8 km) east of Helston. The Cornish Seal Sanctuary at Gweek is half-a-mile away on the north bank of the Helford River.

</doc>
<doc id="20768734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768734" title="Vietnam women's national football team">
Vietnam women's national football team

Vietnam women's national football team is a female football team representing Vietnam and controlled by Vietnam Football Federation (VFF). The team is currently ranked 28th in the world, 6th in Asia and first in South East Asia by FIFA (December 2013).
The Vietnam women's national football team has become the most powerful team in Southeast Asia since 2000. They have finished six times in the group stages of the AFC Women's Asian Cup 1999, 2001, 2003, 2006, 2008 and 2010, have won the AFF Women's Championship 2006 and 2012. They have also won four gold medals in the SEA Games 2001, 2003, 2005 and 2009.
The team is trying to attend the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada for the first time in history.
History.
In 2005, the country was one of seven teams that included Brunei, Thailand, Indonesia, East Timor, Malaysia, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Burma and Singapore, that were expected to field a women's football team to compete at the Asian Games in Marikina in December.
2001 Southeast Asian Games triumph.
In the 2001 SEA Games, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Vietnam women's team defeated the defending champion Thailand 4-0 in final match. Its first title in the regional tournament.
2003 Southeast Asian Games triumph.
In the 2003 SEA Games, Hanoi, Vietnam (as hosted). Vietnam women's team defeated Myanmar 2-1 in final match. Its second title in the regional tournament.
2005 Southeast Asian Games triumph.
In the 2005 SEA Games, Marikina City, Philippines. Vietnam women's team defeated Myanmar 1-0 in final match. Its third title in the regional tournament.
2006 AFF Women's Championship triumph.
In the 2006 AFF Women's Championship, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (as hosted). Vietnam women's team became the first champion of this tournament (defeated Chinese Taipei 1-0, Thailand 3-2 and Myanmar 1-0. Its first title in this tournament and also the fourth title in the regional tournament.
2009 Southeast Asian Games triumph.
In the 2009 SEA Games, Vientiane, Laos. Vietnam women's team drew Thailand 0-0 and won 3-0 on Penalty in final match. Its fifth title in the regional tournament.
2012 AFF Women's Championship triumph.
Vietnam women's football team clinched the 2012 Southeast Asian Women Football Championship (AFF), beating tough rival Myanmar 4-3 on penalties in a nerve-racking final at Ho Chi Minh City-based Thong Nhat Stadium Saturday afternoon.
After a 0-0 tie after 120 minutes, goal keeper Kieu Trinh became hero in the penalty kick shootout after she saved the fifth deciding kick by Khin Marlar Tun to help Vietnam win the second AFF title.
Its second title in this tournament and also the sixth title in the regional tournament.
Players.
The following players were called up to the squad for the 2012 AFF Women's Championship from 13 September to 22 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20768735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768735" title="Siddammanahalli">
Siddammanahalli

External links.
Siddammanahalli or Siddammana Halli derives its name from a person called Siddamma who was supposed to have lived here and halli is for village. 
Education: 
There are three primary Schools of which one is the Government run primary school in Kannada medium and there are two privately run English and Kannada Medium Primary School. Most of the village students go to neighbouring Bellary for further studies. The nearest high school is in Kuditini. Some of the sons of this village become engineers, doctors and other professionals and have migrated to various parts of India and Abroad.And many people doing business in Bellary,Kurugodu and Kuduthini. 
Transport:
It is connected to Kuditini, Kurugodu and Bellary by KSRTC busses.
There are plenty of privately run jeeps and autos connecting the village to neighbouring Kuditini and Kurugodu.
Though buses reach Bellary via Kuditini, Most of the people with their own vehicles use the country route via a village called yerangli and kollagal ot reach Bellary.
Occupation:
Agriculture is the predominant occupation. Many landlords lease their lands for agriculture on various non written contracts. In last 2 decades there has been considerable influx of people from coastal andhra pradesh seeking opportunity to take lands on lease for cultivation resulting in formation of various hamlets or locally called as camps around siddammanahalli. the important one among them is the maruthi camp which is 2 kilometers from the village. The bulibayappa temple is situated in this camp which is the most important temple for the people of siddammanahalli.This village having highest irrigated land in Bellary District. 
Health: There is Primary Health Centre with a Doctor available during weekdays and many surrounding village people coming here for treatment . There are couple of R M P Doctors who run private clinics. There were couple of HIV related deaths and many people are aware as a result of the modes of transmission. Still the access to health care, sanitation and basic amenities is poor.
However there is a good supply of drinking water due to development of a water lake. There is a power cut for 12 hours per day as compared 1–2 hours in urban areas.
Religion and Caste: Majority of the population is Hindu. Predominant Caste is Reddys, Boya and Madigas. There are few Lingayath and Kuruba families and one Muslim family( maybe be few more). There were couple of caste related clashes in the last 2 decades, however last few years the incidences are becoming less frequent and people are living peacefully, particularly last 7-10 years have been very peaceful. 
Every year on the third Saturday of shravan masa according as per Hindu calendar special prayers are held in the bulibayyappa temple in Maruthi camp. It is very auspicious day for the citizens of the siddammanahali village. There is a strong belief among the village members that on this night that lord Hanuman visits this temple to offer his blessings and wishes to the devotees. 
The village priest does a special prayers which starts with a bath in the village salt water well and he proceeds to the Maruthi camp on foot to offer prayers in the bulibayappa temple. A fire torch is carried along and there is a myth that once they had run out of oil en route to the temple and the priest advised to fill water and the fire torch was lit and the procession continued.
On this day all the family members who have migrated to different places re unite with their respective families to celebrate this important festival of the village. The next day there is pulling of the Village Car called theru in Kannda and Telegu.Ugadhi,Gouri Pournima,Diwali and Ganesh Chthurthi the festivals are people celebrating hare.
Language:
Telegu and Kannada are the important languages spoken. 
Politics:
Traditionally the loyalties of people were divided between Congress and Janata Party and later Janata Dals(S). In the recent years due to emergence of BJP and the influence of Reddy Brothers in Bellary, the people have shifted their loyalties to BJP.. However with decline of the Reddy brothers, the people are likely ago align with N Suryanarayana Reddy of JDS party in the coming years to whom supported in the past.
Sport: Cricket is the popular game followed/played. Traditional games like gill danda etc. are still popular. 
Health: There was an epidemic of Dengue illness in this village which drew national attention. 
Leptospirosis: The “mysterious” mimic
Ricardo Izurieta,1 Sagar Galwankar,2 and Angela Clem2

</doc>
<doc id="20768739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768739" title="Sirigeri">
Sirigeri


</doc>
<doc id="20768745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768745" title="Carolowilhelmina">
Carolowilhelmina

Carolowilhelmina geognostica is an extinct arthrodire placoderm fish that lived in the Late Eifelian epoch (of Middle Devonian) of Spain. In life, "C. geognostica" was a long-snouted pelagic fish, superficially similar to the Australian "Rolfosteus", from Gogo Formation and the European "Oxyosteus" of the Kellwasser facies of Bad Wildungen, Germany. As with "Rolfosteus", "Carolowilhelmina" possessed a long tubular rostral plate, with small postnasal plates and low inferognathal plates. According to Mark-Kurik & Carls (2002), this placoderm may have lived in an pelagic environment with lush, floating algae and epiplankton. It is currently known only from an incomplete cranium that is about long. The fossil material is housed in the Palaeontological Museum of the University of Zaragoza, Spain (Museo Paleontológico de la Universidad de Zaragoza).

</doc>
<doc id="20768747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768747" title="Kremenik">
Kremenik

Kremenik is a largedispersed settlement in the plains south of Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20768751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768751" title="Painsthorpe Abbey">
Painsthorpe Abbey

Painsthorpe Abbey was a monastery of the Anglican Order of St. Benedict. It was established at Painsthorpe in the East Riding of Yorkshire by Aelred Carlyle, a friend of Charles Chapman Grafton, Episcopal Bishop of Fond du Lac and an inspiration for Alfred Hope Patten.

</doc>
<doc id="20768753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768753" title="Sirivaram">
Sirivaram


</doc>
<doc id="20768759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768759" title="Solladahalli">
Solladahalli


</doc>
<doc id="20768765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768765" title="Somasamudra">
Somasamudra


</doc>
<doc id="20768767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768767" title="Bruce's Walk">
Bruce's Walk

Bruce's Walk is a bush track in the Blue Mountains area of New South Wales, Australia. It is located approximately 100 kilometres west of Sydney, the capital of New South Wales.
Description and history.
Bruce's Walk originally began as a maintenance track in 1931. The Railway Department had agreed to supply electricity to the Blue Mountains Shire Council from the power station at Lithgow and a transmission line was put through from Blackheath to Lawson, with a track to provide maintenance access. The line went south from Blackheath, passed a little west of the Grand Canyon, through the bush east of Medlow Bath, across the ridges north of Katoomba, Leura and Wentworth Falls, across the gullies on the fringes of Bullaburra and into Lawson. The authorities then decided to promote the maintenance track as a walking trail, which was duly opened on 21 November 1931. The surveyor who planned the track was A.Bruce, as a result of which the track eventually became known as Bruce's Walk. 
A pamphlet was published to publicise the walk, which passed through a variety of scenery, including glens and ridges. However, from World War II onwards, the track was forgotten and neglected. Parts of the track were also blocked off when the council constructed Lake Greaves in 1942 as a local water supply. Much later, however, a local walker named Dick Rushton found a copy of the pamphlet published in 1931 and set out to clear and mark the track. In 1980 he led a party of walkers along the section of track between Bullaburra and Wentworth Falls, and in 1983 he created a written guide to the track.
By 1986, Bruce's Walk had come to the attention of two other walkers, Jim Smith and Wilf Hilder, who organised a group of volunteers to clear the track between Bullaburra and Wentworth Falls. In the process, they found many artefacts and features, including signs, shelter caves, seats and picnic tables. This part of the track was officially opened on 24 May 1986, by Alderman David Lawton. The opening was attended by 118 people, including Dick Rushton, who was by then eighty years old.
(This opening was condemned by the National Parks and Wildlife Service and the Mayor of the Blue Mountains City Council.) Other stretches of the track, from Wentworth Falls to Medlow Bath, were also cleared by the volunteers and opened later in 1986. The track, however, is still patchy and largely without signposts, and is not shown on the topographic map for the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20768777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768777" title="Toranagallu">
Toranagallu

General Information.
Toranagallu is a village located in Bellary district of Karnataka. The village has seen drastic social and economic changes in the past 15 years. The village experiences a hot climate upholding the reputation of Bellary district for its soaring high temperatures. When speaking of the district, it is common to refer to Bellary as having just two seasons namely Summer and Extreme summer (ಬೇಸಿಗೆ ಮತ್ತು ಕಡು ಬೇಸಿಗೆ). The village is divided into two parts, Toranagallu village and Toranagallu Railway Station. Toranagallu Railway Station is about 2 km from Toranagallu Village, this part of the village is concentrated around the Railway Station.
Occupation.
The primary occupation of the villagers was Agriculture,Animal Husbandry, workforce in mining related industries and small scale trading. The industrialization of the area beginning in 1995 created a wide range of occupational opportunities for people. The working class of Toranagallu and the neighboring villages now experience a rich diversity in occupation.
Culture.
The village being situated in a district close to Andhra Pradesh and having a significant population from all around India working in the industries has resulted in diverse culture and languages being used.
Education.
The village had two main schools for a long time. One situated in the toranagallu village and the other in the railway station part. But recently there has been a rapid increase in the number of schools.
1. Government Model Higher Primary School: The school imparts education to children from 1st Grade to 7th Grade. It is situated on the Bellary-Hospet main road. The school now has a High school offering education from 8 to 10th Standard in the same premises.
2. Sri Basaveshwara Rural High School: This school is situated in the Railway station area sharing its boundaries with the Hospet and Sandur Main roads. The School has a good reputation for imparting high school education to students not just from Toranagallu but also to students from neighboring villages like Kurekuppa, Basapura, Vaddu . 
3. Inception of Jindal Vijayanagar Steels (now JSW: Jindal south west ) brought along with it DAV Jindal Vidya Mandir with CBSE(Central Board of Secondary Education) syllabus for the children of its employees. The school later opened up for the students from neighboring villages. The school has good facilities with an added advantage of being situated in a serene environment.
4. OPJ(Om Prakash Jindal) center is a vocational training institute owned and maintained by JSW. It offers various courses from recognized universities and also has numerous industrial training programs.
Recently the accumulation of population near the industrial area and huge influx of workers has increased the number of schools. There have been situations where the schools had to schedule the school timings to function in two different batches.
Health Care.
The village has a government Primary Health Centre. The village also has a number of private practicing doctors. 
Jindal Sanjeevani Hospital is a 60 bed private hospital owned by JSW.
Tourist attractions.
1.Shankaralinga gudda: The small hillock situated in the Toranagallu village houses the Hindu deity Shiva(Shankaralinga) on the top. The visitors can get a nice aerial view of the surrounding industries, the village and the Daroji lake from top of the hill.
2.Daroji lake: Daroji lake is about 2 km from the Toranagallu Village.
How to reach?
By road: The nearby cities are Bellary and Hospet, which are approximately at a distance of 30 km from Toranagallu . Buses operating between Bellary and Hospet go via Toranagallu, the journey takes about 40-45mins from Bellary or Hospet.
By train: The most convenient way for tourists or new comers to reach Toranagallu(TNGL) is by train. Various trains operating between major places stop at the Railway Station.
By Air :Toranagallu has an airstrip maintained by JSW. There were few flights operated by Air Deccan between Bangalore and Goa which landed at Toranagallu in between. The current availability has to be checked since operation has been inconsistent.
Air Deccan does not exist anymore.

</doc>
<doc id="20768781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768781" title="Ujjini">
Ujjini

There is a proverb used in this part of the world called "Ujjini Olage nodu, Hampi Orage Nodu" (It's wonderful to watch the Sculptures inside the temple of Ujjini and the same could be seen in around the Hampi Temple").
There is a unique festivity celebrated in Ujjini called "Shikara Thailabhisheka". This occurs every year in April or May.
There is a tradition to first offer the oil from germali family to the Shikara(Tower). Shikara is believed to have all existing gods and goddesses in the world.
Once in a year the shikara thailabhisheka is offered by many pilgrims from different parts of the country.
The Cart festival is celebrated before a day of this Thailabhisheka. The CART starts from Paadagatte [a mantap built for a foot step of 
sri marula siddeshwara swamy) and goes till bannimara and return to the main road of Ujjini and parked in front of panchayath office for a few days. 
Every year thousands of devotees will witness this Cart festival and take the blessings of Sri Sri Sri Marulasidda rajadeshi kendra shivacharya mahaswamigalu.
This is one of the panchapeetha among kashi, kedar, srishaila and baalehonnur. Ujjini has good bus connectivity between Hospet, Chitradurga, Davanagere and Bellary. You will get frequent busses from bangalore as well.
Sri Kottureshwara temple in kottur is 14 km from Ujjini.
See also.
Ujjini is also one of among the Panchapeetha. http://www.veerashaiva.org.in/Ujjaini.html.
for location map please connect to http://www.maplandia.com/india/karnataka/bellary/ujjini/
References.
Venu ancestors, relatives, and friends.

</doc>
<doc id="20768791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768791" title="Krivo Brdo">
Krivo Brdo

Krivo Brdo () is a small settlement in the hills between the valleys of the Poljane Sora and Selca Sora rivers in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane.

</doc>
<doc id="20768793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768793" title="Intramedullary rod">
Intramedullary rod

An intramedullary rod, also known as an intramedullary nail (IM nail) or inter-locking nail or Küntscher nail, is a metal rod forced into the medullary cavity of a bone. IM nails have long been used to treat fractures of long bones of the body. Gerhard Küntscher is credited with the first use of this device in 1939, during World War II, for soldiers with fractures of the femur. Prior to that, treatment of such fractures was limited to traction or plaster, both of which required long periods of inactivity. IM nails resulted in earlier return to activity for the soldiers, sometimes even within a span of a few weeks, since they share the load with the bone, rather than entirely supporting the bone.
Design.
The earliest IM nails were triangular or 'V' shaped in cross-section. Later they were modified to their present and more rotationally stable clover-leaf shape. Several modifications and shapes were introduced subsequently for various bones such as V-nails for tibia, radius and ulna nails, Rusch nails etc. 
Although stainless steel was used for older IM nails, titanium has several advantages, including lower mechanical failure rates and improved biocompatibility. However the biggest problem with the earlier designs was the failure to prevent collapse or rotation in inherently unstable fractures. This was addressed by the introduction of the concept of 'locking' of the nails using bolts on each end of the nail (thus fixing the nail to the bony cortex and preventing rotation among the fragments), leading to emergence of locked IM nailing, which is the standard today.
Complications.
Long-term complications a patient may develop after the implantation of an intramedullary rod may include persistent or permanent knee pain (present in 73.2% of patients studied), atrophy of the calf muscle (27.3%), atrophy of the quadriceps (27.3%), and arthritis (35.4%). Venous thrombosis such as deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism also occur following intramedullary fixation.

</doc>
<doc id="20768804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768804" title="Uttangi">
Uttangi

References.
maruthi festival by pulling the decorated cart occurs in the month of jan/feb every year on saturday. people from surrounding village and relatives of local people come and celebrate the festival very grandly.

</doc>
<doc id="20768809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768809" title="Abergeirw">
Abergeirw

Abergeirw is a hamlet located in Gwynedd, North Wales.
The village of nine properties is located between Dolgellau and Trawsfynydd.
On 19 December 2008 National Grid plc connected it to the UK national electricity power grid, making it the last village in Wales to be supplied with mains electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="20768810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768810" title="Aelred Carlyle">
Aelred Carlyle

Aelred Carlyle, O.S.B. (1874-1955) founded, around 1895, the first Anglican Benedictine community of monks. 
Born Benjamin Fearnley Carlyle, he was educated at Blundell's School. In 1892, he commenced medical training at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, London. He did not complete his medical training. Instead, influenced by the Oxford Movement of the period, he embraced a vision of monastic life as he envisioned it having been followed in the Middle Ages, full of ritual and tradition. A charismatic individual, Carlyle succeeded where others had failed in having the vision of such a life within the Church of England approved by the Archbishop of Canterbury. By 1895 he had established a community of monks under his leadership, taking monastic vows under the monastic name of Aelred, assuming the role of abbot.
After several moves, Carlyle's community was established on Caldey Island, South Wales in 1906. When the Caldey Island community came into conflict with the Bishop of Oxford in 1913 over conformity to Anglican practices, Carlyle and most of his monks became Roman Catholic. They were only the second such group to be received in a corporate manner into the Roman Catholic Church, the example having been set by the Society of the Atonement (Franciscan) in the U.S. several years earlier. Due to financial pressures, the community moved to Prinknash Park, Gloucestershire in 1928. 
It established daughter communities at Saint Michael's Abbey, Farnborough in 1947, and Pluscarden Abbey the following year. 
The second, originally named the Community of the Holy Comforter, had been an active Anglican sisterhood founded in 1891, but adopted the enclosed Benedictine life under Carlyle’s inspiration in 1906. This community remained Anglican and has resided at Malling Abbey since 1916, replacing the other community which had moved to North Wales after their reception in the Roman Catholic Church. 
After some years as Abbot of Caldey, Carlyle was exclaustrated in 1921 and released from his Benedictine vows in 1935. He worked for many years as a missionary priest in Canada. Upon his retirement in 1951, he returned to England and became a conventual (i.e., residential) oblate at Prinknash Abbey. In 1953, he was allowed to renew his solemn monastic vows. When he died in 1955, he was a full member of the community he had founded sixty years earlier. 

</doc>
<doc id="20768816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768816" title="Blyth v Birmingham Waterworks Company">
Blyth v Birmingham Waterworks Company

Blyth v Birmingham Waterworks Company (1856) 11 Ex Ch 781 concerns reasonableness in the law of negligence. It is famous for its classic statement of what negligence is and the standard of care to be met.
Facts.
The defendants, Birmingham Waterworks Company, were the water works for Birmingham and had been incorporated by statute for the purpose of supplying Birmingham with water. The statute provided that:
the company should, upon the laying down of any main-pipe or other pipe in any street, fix, at the time of laying down such pipe, a proper and sufficient fire-plug in each such street, and should deliver the key or keys of such fire-plug to the persons having the care of the engine-house in or near to the said street, and cause another key to be hung up in the watch-house in or near to the said street. By sect. 87, pipes were to be eighteen inches beneath the surface of the soil. By the 89th section, the mains were at all times to be kept charged with water. The defendants derived no profit from the maintenance of the plugs distinct from the general profits of the whole business, but such maintenance was one of the conditions under which they were permitted to exercise the privileges given by the Act. The main-pipe opposite the house of the plaintiff was more than eighteen inches below the surface. The fire-plug was constructed according to the best known system, and the materials of it were at the time of the accident sound and in good order.
The defendant had installed a fireplug into the hydrant near Mr Blyth's house. That winter, during a severe frost, the plug failed causing a flood and damage to Mr Blyth's house. Blyth sued the Waterworks for negligence.
Judgment.
In establishing the basis of the case, Baron Alderson, made what has become a famous definition of negligence:
The court found that the severe frost could not have been in the contemplation of the Water Works. They could only have been negligent if they had failed to do what a reasonable person would do in the circumstances. Birmingham had not seen such cold in such a long time, and it would be unreasonable for the Water Works to anticipate such a rare occurrence. 
Bramwell B delivered a dissenting judgment on the law, but reached the same result on the facts.

</doc>
<doc id="20768819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768819" title="Vaddu, India">
Vaddu, India


</doc>
<doc id="20768820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768820" title="Yeswanthanagar">
Yeswanthanagar

Demographics.
It is the village which is growing very fast rate because of the huge availability of the Iron and Manganese ore.
The places to be seen here are
1. Gandi Narasimha swamy temple: nice location for a day picnic where Narasimha swamy temple is place in the valley of hills and in the banks of Narihalla, which cuts the hill.
2. Sandur poleytechnic college is placed here which is very good and famous college for it excellent education.

</doc>
<doc id="20768838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768838" title="Anja Monke">
Anja Monke

Anja Monke (born 28 May 1977 in Herford) is a German professional golfer. She has played on the Ladies European Tour since 2004.
In 2003, Monke won the International Amateur Championships of Switzerland and Italy, and was voted German Ladies Amateur Golfer of the Year. In Autumn, with a handicap of +3, she turned professional.
Monke played for Germany with Miriam Nagl in 2006 and with Denise Simon in 2007 in the Women's World Cup of Golf in South Africa.
In September 2008, she won her first professional tournament, the Vediorbis Open de France Dames. She then qualified for the LPGA Tour. In December 2008, she won the Dubai Ladies Masters.
Team appearances.
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="20768845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768845" title="Audubon Society of Portland">
Audubon Society of Portland

Founded in 1902 and incorporated in 1909, it is one of the oldest such organizations in the world.
It is named in honor of John James Audubon, an ornithologist and naturalist who painted, cataloged, and described birds of North America in "Birds of America" published in sections between 1827 and 1838.
The society owns of woodland adjacent to Forest Park, managed as a nature sanctuary and features indigenous vegetation and fauna, including a small stand of old growth timber. The sanctuary is open to the public for free.
Much of the sanctuary surrounds Balch Creek
near its headwaters and contains more than of hiking trails which connect to Forest Park's extensive trail system.
Within the sanctuary is a nature center containing classrooms, retail store, wildlife taxidermy exhibits, auditorium, and a wildlife care center. The care center treats injured and orphaned native wildlife utilizing professional staff and more than one hundred volunteers. More than 3,500 animals are brought to the center each year.
In 2007, there were 21,615 hours volunteered to the society's efforts, including visitor reception, trail maintenance, tour guides, nature store attendant, clerical, conservation activists, and wildlife caretakers. It is one of the most highly rated charities of its kind, based on operational and organizational efficiency.
The society is frequently consulted for expertise related to practical wildlife questions
and wildlife management practices.
History.
Portland birders created the John Burroughs Club in 1898. In 1901, birders in Astoria—Oregon's second largest city at the time—formed the Oregon Audubon Society. In 1902 the Portland group merged with them as Oregon Audubon Society. The named changed to Audubon Society of Portland in 1966 when members agreed to affiliate with the National Audubon Society.
The society has long conducted letter writing campaigns to influence legislation.
They helped pass the Model Bird Law in 1903, protecting native birds from being shot and sold.
A 1925 letter writing campaign to President Calvin Coolidge successfully led to creation of Hart Mountain Antelope Refuge.
The society takes credit for helping to establish several national refuges, including William L. Finley NWR, Three Arch Rocks NWR, Klamath NWR, Ankeny NWR, Baskett Slough NWR, and Malheur NWR.

</doc>
<doc id="20768850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768850" title="Zły">
Zły

Zły (Polish for "evil"), was a Polish magazine that was created by Małgorzata Daniszewska, the former wife of Jerzy Urban.
The magazine contained real stories of crime and of real accidents. Often the articles included additional photos and illustrations which appeared macabre. In 2000, workers at the magazine's distributor, Ruch, refused to distribute the magazine to kiosks.

</doc>
<doc id="20768858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768858" title="Running gear (railway)">
Running gear (railway)

In railway terminology the term running gear refers to those components of a railway vehicle that run passively on the rails, unlike those of the driving gear. Traditionally these are the wheels, axles, axle boxes, springs and vehicle frame of a railway locomotive or wagon. 
The running gear of a modern railway vehicle comprises, in most instances, a bogie frame with two wheelsets. However there are also wagons with single axles (fixed or movable) and even individual wheels.
Because, today, locomotives no longer tend to have separate driving and carrying axles (see wheel arrangement), as was formerly common with steam locomotives, but usually have bogies where all axles are driven, the term running gear is (inaccurately) superseding the term 'driving gear' in some parts of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20768868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768868" title="Ample SDK">
Ample SDK

Ample SDK is a lightweight JavaScript library intended to simplify cross-browser web application development. Although the Ample SDK allows you to do client-side scripting in a very similar way as jQuery and many other JavaScript libraries, its main purpose is to enable development of declarative GUI's for Rich Internet applications rather than enhancing HTML pages.
Because its documentation is still sparse and the examples lack clear explanation, the Ample SDK is not suited for the beginning, casual web developer. For the experienced web guru however, it offers many features, listed below.
Features.
The features of Ample include:
Runtime.
The runtime is the core module of the Ample SDK framework. It contains implementations for:
UI Markup Languages.
The UI Markup Languages are implemented in JavaScript independently on each other:
Plugins.
There is a jQuery-like plugin system in Ample SDK, some of the plugins coming with version 0.9.3:
Hello Ample! Example.
The Ample web page is an HTML document with decorations. To use the Ample framework you would include the runtime library in the head section of the HTML document and in addition the library for one or more GUI languages. 
Here is an example which includes the runtime and XHTML as a GUI language:
We also included a CSS style sheet for the XHTML library. 
A further note to make is that the document should contain namespace declarations for the GUI languages used, which is most conveniently placed in the HTML tag:
If you would like to introduce dynamic behavior, you can include JavaScript functions, in a very similar way as most JavaScript libraries allow you to include behavior: as body of a document "ready" function:
This script says something like: for every b element in the part of the document that is controlled by Ample, there will be an alert with showing the nodeValue of the firstChild of the element.
On purpose we were talking about "part" of the document, because you can designate a number of sections within the body of an HTML document to be processed by Ample and the rest of the document will remain untouched:
Therefore, if the HTML document would contain more b elements outside the Ample sections, the alert would not occur when you would click on it.
Standards-based web-development.
So far, we have shown nothing that could not be done slightly more easily in a JavaScript library like jQuery. The power of declarative GUI development will become clear with the next example, showing a table with a rich interface. You should contrast the source code shown in the example below, with similar functionality in a jQuery plugin, where you probably would see only a on a page and where you would have to guess what the final appearance of the element would be from looking at the JavaScript code.
User Interface.
In the next example we will use XUL as the GUI language. XUL is an XML Markup Language, developed by Mozilla and used for example for the Firefox browser. Ample offers a full implementation of XUL.
Logic.
The Application Logic of your client web application is written in JavaScript. For example:
Style.
The styling of your application is done in CSS, for example:
From the XUL code it is easy to see what the layout of the table will be. The assumption is that for web-designers it is much easier to look at a declarative page that uses familiar, HTML like tags. The application developers can concentrate on specifying the behavior for the GUI elements. There is also a good separation between layout, styling and processing.
Componentization model.
Although there is a set of pre-defined UI Markup Languages (including XUL, XHTML, SVG and HTML5) it is easy to extend the base (to adjust it to certain application needs) and create new languages and UI components. This is done by either prototyping objects in JavaScript and registering them with the framework, or by implementing these components in XBL2. The UI Languages that are currently present in Ample are prototype implementations.

</doc>
<doc id="20768872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768872" title="Husslin' (song)">
Husslin' (song)

"Husslin'" is a hip-hop song by Kardinal Offishall. It was the only single from his EP of the same name. The song also appears on his second album, "". Released in early 2000, the 12" single quickly became an underground favorite, and it was #1 on many college radio charts in the U.S. After its release, radio-tracking publication "Gavin Report" called it "By far, the hottest 12-inch on the platter right now. With three cuts to choose from, you can't go wrong." The song has a catchy chorus and a powerful horn sample.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Kevin De Freitas. In the video, Kardinal raps in the streets of Downtown Toronto alongside members of The Circle.
Track listing.
12" single.
A-side
B-side

</doc>
<doc id="20768874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768874" title="John Francis (Australian sportsman)">
John Francis (Australian sportsman)

John 'Jack' Charles Francis (22 June 1908 – 6 July 2001) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria and Australian rules football with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Born in Hawthorn and educated at Melbourne High School, Francis began his sporting career in 1926 when he joined the VFL. He played six games for Hawthorn that year, kicking two goals in his debut, against Collingwood, for whom future club great Harry Collier was also debuting. Francis didn't continue as a footballer, instead concentrating on cricket, and in the 1932/33 season made his first appearance with Victoria. Opening the batting, Francis scored 135 to help the Victorians draw with Tasmania. He played two further first-class matches, both later in the season and as an opener, but didn't make any major contributions for his team.

</doc>
<doc id="20768882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768882" title="Poda">
Poda

Poda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20768898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768898" title="Piney Woods (disambiguation)">
Piney Woods (disambiguation)

Piney Woods or Pineywoods may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20768899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768899" title="Pineywoods (cattle)">
Pineywoods (cattle)

Pineywoods cattle are a rare breed or landrace of cattle that are descended from the original Spanish stock left along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts of Florida, Georgia, Mississippi and Alabama by the Spanish explorers in the early 16th century. The breed was historically cultivated by the Florida crackers, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi.
The cattle bred without human interference in the brushy wooded terrain of the Gulf Coast. They developed natural resistance to disease and are able to forage on marginal vegetation.
History.
Origins and Development.
Spanish explorers in the 1490s and 16th century brought to the new world breeding stock of small, hardy cattle which were able to survive the sea crossing. Some were released deliberately, trusting that their survival instincts would allow them to survive and reproduce. Thus months or years later a ready food source would be available. Pineywoods (also called woods cattle and Rakestraw), Florida Crackers, Corriente, and Texas Longhorns all descended from the same original Spanish stock (also called Criollo cattle).
In time, these Spanish cattle acquired different names from the localities where they were concentrated. The name pineywoods was derived from their location in the Pineywoods of southern Mississippi.
The Pineywoods survived and adapted to their new home. For the first 350 years in the new world they lived in the wild. The ones moving west into Texas evolved to a plains habitat and developed wide sets of horns characteristic of the longhorn breeds. Those remaining in Florida, Georgia, Alabama and Mississippi had to survive in thick woods and brushy areas. This environment favored small, nimble animals with slender horns allowing passage through narrow brushy trails. Since the mid-1800s they have live in semi-wild conditions on very large family ranches along the Gulf Coast.
Early settlers and Native Americans used the cattle as oxen, meat, milk, hides, and as a trading commodity. During the early 19th century the Choctaw Indians began migrating west in search of agricultural opportunities and brought livestock, including Pineywoods, with them. History tells us only a limited number of livestock was brought west during the great Indian removal of the 1830s. Many people and livestock were lost due to the harsh traveling conditions before reaching Oklahoma. Presumably therefore the majority of Spanish type livestock were introduced to Oklahoma prior to the 1830s.
Pineywoods numbers began a decline in the late 19th century and early 20th century, displaced by improved English and European cattle in the southeastern United States. As the overall popularity and abundance of Pineywoods declined, only a few families continued to keep purebred herds. During this time the agricultural programs of the land grant universities were promoting highly bred domestic cattle and saw these as inferior “scrub” animals. The effect of these programs was to endanger the Pineywoods existence as a breed. As time passed, these herds became isolated from one another to the point that each herd has become a unique and self-contained strain.
Current Status.
In 1999, some estimates were that the herd had shrunk to fewer than 200 breeding animals. The Pineywoods Cattle Registry & Breeders Association (PCRBA) was formed to preserve the breed. PCRBA members are dedicated to preserving the Pineywoods breed, viewing them as a national resource, and attempt to keep them in natural conditions.
Pineywoods cattle are listed on the "critical" list by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy (ALBC). The conservancy’s definition of critical is fewer than 200 North American annual registrations and an estimate of fewer than 2,000 global population. Less than 1000 head of pure stock, but not necessarily registered, have been located by the Pineywoods cattle registry.
The pineywoods cow is well known in some areas and has some impact on more general culture.
Traits.
The Pineywoods cattle have been developed largely through natural selection. They developed natural resistance to most diseases, insects, and parasites of the region and are able to forage on rough vegetation that commercial cattle will not touch. Even though they graze grass like domestic cattle, Pineywoods also browse on brush and tree leaves and twigs like goats. This makes more efficient use of the land than domestic cattle who will graze only selectively on non-native grass.
Pineywoods are also “dry land” cattle and have evolved to avoid predators by spending only a minimum of time at their water hole. This makes them very low impact cattle, as they do not contribute as much to bank erosion and fouling of streams like most domestic stock.
Pineywoods are noted for their ability to survive and reproduce under the often-harsh conditions of the South, withstanding high temperatures and high humidity. These American breeds have important qualities, such as fertility and longevity, that are lacking in the Brahman, Zebu, and other heat-tolerant cattle commonly used. They require no assistance with calving. They are very self-sufficient due to their varied foraging habits, low birth weights, gentle disposition and hardiness. The Carter strain in particular is noted for its excellent mammary system, reproduction, longevity, docility, self-sufficiency and calving ease.
Pineywoods are generally red, brown, or occasionally black and white, spotted, or speckled. They often resemble the related Texas Longhorn and Florida Cracker cattle in color. Compared to the Texas Longhorn, the horns of the Pineywoods cattle are small to medium in length and tend to curve inward or upward and can ward off most dogs and predators. Mature weight ranges from 600–1000 pounds, occasionally larger depending on the environment. The smaller structure and horn size has been retained to meet the needs of farmers and loggers of southern Mississippi.
Despite their apparent advantages, at least in some regions, the term "pineywoods" has come to mean a thin, bony, or poor looking cow.
Strains.
The various races, strains, or sub-breeds are identified by the names of the families who owed the land where the herds ranged: Holt in Georgia, Barnes in Alabama, and Conway, Bayliss and Carter in Mississippi. All are Pineywoods but the animals on each farm evolved under slightly different conditions and can be recognized by differences in color, shape, and size. Some of the family strains have been selected for specific colors or patterns. For example, Conway cattle are red/white in various patterns; Holt cattle are nearly all black/white spotted to roans; while the Griffin strain tend to be yellow.
The Carter strain began to be developed in 1850, by William Carter of Perry County, MS. No outside genes have been introduced to the herd since 1895. The Carter family owned a dairy and selected their cattle for milk production. After 1942, which marked the end of their dairy business, using the same strain of cattle, they began selecting stock for beef quality.
External links.
Washington-on-the-Brazos State Historic Site, Texas : [http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3021/2409811272_05448d1e68_o.jpg].

</doc>
<doc id="20768902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768902" title="Bissoe">
Bissoe

Bissoe (, meaning "birch trees") is a hamlet in west Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is situated five miles (8 km) east of Redruth in a former tin mining area.
Bissoe was the site of an early arsenic extraction works, the second such commercial works in Britain. Frederick Hamilton Davey succeeded his father as Works Manager of the Cornwall Arsenic Company's factory at Bissoe in 1902, having acted as his father's assistant for several years.
The name is believed to derive from the Cornish word "besow" meaning "birch trees". Bissoe is the home of a small number of businesses, a cycle hire company, a concrete products company and an environmental waste management company called Clear-flow Ltd.
Bissoe lies on the "Coast to Coast Trail" long-distance footpath and cycle trail. The trail is 11 miles (17.5 km) long and links the interior of west Cornwall to the harbour of Portreath on the north coast and the former port of Devoran in the south. The trail follows the course of now-disused railways formerly used to carry imported coal and extracted minerals for export. "Bissoe Valley Nature Reserve" lies to the south of the hamlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20768916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768916" title="Krnice pri Novakih">
Krnice pri Novakih

Krnice pri Novakih () is a small settlement in the hills northwest of Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20768919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768919" title="Skolkovo">
Skolkovo

Skolkovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20768932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768932" title="Skolkovo Moscow School of Management">
Skolkovo Moscow School of Management

The Skolkovo School of Management is a graduate business school located near Skolkovo, Moscow Oblast, in the close vicinity of the capital city of Moscow, Russia. The school, which was founded in 2006, is a joint project by major Russian and international business leaders.
History.
2001 – Representatives of major Russian and foreign companies propose setting up a leading business school in Russia. Discussions start with Herman Gref, then-Russian Minister for Economic Development and Trade, and Presidential Administration officials.
2005 – Ruben Vardanian, Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of Troika Dialog Group, invites a group of like-minded entrepreneurs to participate in the project.
2006 – A meeting is held between the Russian businessmen and then-President Vladimir Putin. At the meeting, the President welcomes participation of major businesses in the educational reform and the initiative wins the Administration's support. Moscow School of Management Skolkovo project is set up as a public-private partnership within the framework of the National Priority Projects Programme of the Government of the Russian Federation.
September 2006 – Foundation stone ceremony is held on site. Dmitry Medvedev, then Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation, becomes the Chairman of the Skolkovo International Advisory Board.
December 2006 – Executive Education Company-Specific Programmes are launched.
March 2007 – The Skolkovo Endowment Fund is registered.
September 2007 – Skolkovo finishes Management committee formation. Professor Wilfried Vanchonacker joins President Ruben Vardanian and Dean Andrei Volkov as Dean.
October–December 2007 – Skolkovo presents its first research projects: the report on Russian Capital Market with NAUFOR and the ranking of Russian multinational enterprises.
June 2008 – Three individuals join the project as Founding Partners. The first-ever Skolkovo Forum "Doing Business in Russia: Fine Art of Success" is held. Skolkovo establishes the Skolkovo Institute for Emerging Market Studies (SIEMS) – a leading think-tank on fast-moving economies headed by Professor Seung Ho "Sam" Park and based in Beijing (China).
July 2008 – First books from the Skolkovo business literature series are published.
September 2008 – Enrollment for Skolkovo EMBA, the school's first degree programme, opens. Skolkovo EMBA is due to start in January 2009.
October 2008 – Russia's largest bank, Sberbank of Russia, supports Skolkovo development by granting the school a construction and development credit worth $245 million for the term of 10 years.
November 2008 – Skolkovo-2008 Ranking of Russian multinationals is released. Enrollment for Skolkovo MBA due to start in September 2009 opens. Skolkovo develops concept of Urals Federal University.
December 2008 – Creation of a joint venture fund Skolkovo-RUSNANO is announced.
January 2009 – EMBA programme is launch. Studies of the first class start. Skolkovo MBA announces Skolkovo Challenge contest.
February 2009 – Skolkovo signs a partnership agreements with MIT Sloan School of Management, USA and with New Economic School (NES), Russia.
April 2009 – Skolkovo EMBA opens a new enrollment round. To-The-Point Roundtable series are open. Igor Shuvalov, First Vice-Prime Minister of Russia was a special guest of the first meeting.
Campus.
All Skolkovo educational activities will take place at a new campus located in Skolkovo, Moscow Oblast, few kilometers west of Moscow. The concept and the project of the campus were conceived by well-known British architect David Adjaye and reflect, as he puts it, ideas of the great artist Kazimir Malevich.
Architectural project of Skolkovo campus was presented within the Russian pavilion exposition at the 11th Venice biennale
Skolkovo campus represents a disk with four different-sized buildings located on its roof. The main building, the four-storey disk, will comprise lecture halls, conference halls, a food court and a library. Buildings on the roof are a dormitory, a hotel, an administrative building and a sports centre. A village for the faculty, technological centre and a helipad will also be located within the campus territory.
Construction work on the Skolkovo Campus officially started on September 21, 2006.Skolkovo construction site video and webcam are available online. The opening of the campus is scheduled for September 2009.
The campus is being constructed in the Odintsovo area, Moscow region, on Skolkovskoe highway. The total area of construction is about 26.5 ha, the total campus size is about 60,000 square meters.
Academics.
The Moscow School of Management is a member of following associations the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business and the American Chamber of Commerce in Russia (AmCham).
MBA.
Skolkovo's first class in 2009 was made up of 45 students. Duration of the MBA program is 16 months. Given Skolkovo's emphasis on "learning by doing", each participant will be part of "five projects in different fields":
SKOLKOVO MBA Admissions process is different from traditional Business Schools. The candidates are advised to prepare a video presentation instead of traditional essays. This would allow SKOLKOVO MBA Admissions team to evaluate the candidate's motivation to join the SKOLKOVO Community. After evaluating the candidate with video presentation, a personal interview is conducted by SKOLKOVO’s directors, founding partners and Alumni. The interview is conducted in a non-structured way.
Students from SKOLKOVO MBA are mainly educated through taking part in real projects to be developed by teams of 5-7 people. Project results are assessed by the SKOLKOVO founders and third-party experts, government officials, businessmen, faculty and consultants). The School uses active methods of training, so the educational process includes a variety of training courses, role-playing games, training under the guidance of experts in specific areas, consulting projects, practical training and lectures. The core educational principle throughout SKOLKOVO MBA is learning-by-doing, which means that the students take part in action based projects and gain the experience via practice. 
Some of the novel approaches used by SKOLKOVO MBA are real-life cases presented by CEOs, role-playing, experiential learning and immersive learning systems to supplement traditional business-school offerings like workshops, independent study tutorials and simulations and business games.
Executive MBA.
Launched in 2009, the EMBA program's first class was made up of 25 students. The format of the 18-month programme will allow the participants to stay in a full-time working process. The programme consists of 16 modules, starting in January 2009, and ending in June 2010, including 1 seven-day international module in China.
The large part of the programme is devoted to Leadership Development. Leadership practice course begins with assessment 360, which results in producing an individual Leadership Development plan jointly by a programme participant and his or her coach. Leadership practice also includes team coaching, stress management and skills upgrade in such aspects as communication, presentation, negotiation, conflict management, motivation and others.
Executive education.
The school's executive education is aimed at short-term open-enrollment and company specific. The participants are involved in group discussions and work together in plenary sessions, interactive exercises and are able to share their own experience.
Over 60 programmes targeted at senior managers and executives have been held for more than 1000 participants since the programme's launch in December 2006.
Research.
Skolkovo research strategy and activities will be based on Centres of Excellence (COEs), with each of them focusing on a particular area of study and drawing its intellectual capital from different academic disciplines. The output performed by each centre will include publications that will be integrated into Skolkovo's educational programs.
Centres of Excellence (COEs):
Leading Think Tank on Fast-Moving Economies headed by Professor Seung Ho "Sam" Park
SIEMS aims to be a leading think tank on fast-moving economies, with a special emphasis on Russia, China, and India. The Institute focuses on providing guidance to the society, corporate managers, and policy makers through knowledge creation across a broad range of areas including macro economy and public policy, industry and technology, and corporate strategies.
SIRC is moving quickly to inaugurate four streams of work on the broad landscape of infrastructure-related research in the developing world. These four initiatives are:
Skolkovo "research projects completed to date":
Operations.
Skolkovo Endowment Fund.
Moscow School of Management Skolkovo was the first Russian educational institution to establish an endowment fund (March 29, 2007). The idea behind an endowment fund is to provide long-term financing for charity and socially sensitive projects. In case of business schools endowment funds allow development of R&D programmes as well as financing scholarships and grants.
In the mid-term perspective the Fund is planned to accumulate USD 100 million. The first contribution to the Skolkovo Endowment Fund was made by PricewaterhouseCoopers and accounted for
USD 3 million. Trust assets of the Endowment Fund are managed by VTB Asset Management and Bank of Moscow Asset Management Company.
Publishing programme.
Works published by Skolkovo include writings by recognized business gurus translated into Russian, special editions of Russian authors in English, as well as reviews of the economic situation and market players' performance.
Skolkovo's first publishing product in the English language appeared in March 2008. "The Russian Management Model: Hidden Reflections", a book by Alexander Prokhorov, issued in English, was presented in Singapore at the III Russia-Singapore Business Forum. Apart from releasing business literature items, Skolkovo cooperates with National Association of Securities Market Participants (NAUFOR) and publishes jointly prepared "Russian Capital Market. Facts and Events" review. Together with NAUFOR, Skolkovo plans to follow Russian capital market trends. Given the school's focus on international activities and, in particular, on emerging markets, Skolkovo is considering opportunities to conduct similar projects on financial markets in India and China in cooperation with the school's foreign partners.
People.
Founders and administrators.
Skolkovo Founders are 17 Russian and international individuals and businesses. The business include companies like Credit Suisse, GUM Trade Center, Severstal, TNK-BP, and Troika Dialog. The founding invdividuals include Alexander Abramov, Roman Abramovich, and Ruben Vardanian.

</doc>
<doc id="20768940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768940" title="Calamagrostis bolanderi">
Calamagrostis bolanderi

Calamagrostis bolanderi is a species of grass known by the common name Bolander's reedgrass. 
It is endemic to northern California, where it grows in moist coastal habitat such as temperate coniferous forest, wet meadows and bogs, and coastal scrub. This is a perennial grass growing to heights between 0.5 and 1.5 meters, each erect stem generally with four nodes. It has flat leaves and open, spreading inflorescences of very small spikelets. Each spikelet is made up of one floret surrounded by a v-shaped pair of smooth bracts.

</doc>
<doc id="20768941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768941" title="A Collection (Josh Groban album)">
A Collection (Josh Groban album)

A Collection is the first greatest hits album of American pop-classical singer Josh Groban. It was released in late 2008 internationally.
The compilation takes tracks from his first three studio albums, "Josh Groban" (2001), "Closer" (2003), "Awake" (2006), as well as Groban's version of the "Chess" song "Anthem", from the "Chess in Concert" release. It contains one new song, a live version of "Weeping" (originally recorded for "Awake") featuring South African singer Vusi Mahlasela and the Soweto Gospel Choir. It also features "Smile", previously only available via the Internet edition of "Awake".
The album also comes with a second disc of five selections from Groban's 2007 holiday album "Noël" as well as a Spanish version of "Silent Night" (Noche de Paz).

</doc>
<doc id="20768944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768944" title="T-Force">
T-Force

T-Force was composed of US Army and British Army units assigned to secure designated targets as well as additional targets of opportunity before they could be destroyed by retreating German forces or looters during the final stages of World War II and the period after the German surrender. Originally focusing on targets that might yield important intelligence, particularly as related to military technology, they were also tasked with seizing and interrogating Nazi German scientists and businessmen in the aftermath of VE Day. Even as Nazi resistance collapsed, it was feared that Nazi technology had been transferred to Japan and might still threaten US troops in the Pacific, but T-Force activities could also be seen as the beginning of the Cold War, which may account for the scarcity of publicly available information on T-Force activities. An important goal, though it could not be acknowledged at the time, was to prevent Nazi technology from falling into Russian hands. One such operation, Operation Eclipse under Tony Hibbert, to seize Kiel, was executed in defiance of the agreement between US and British forces and the forces of the USSR to divide post-war Germany into zones of influence. The operations of the T-Force were among the largest "exploitation operations" carried out by the allies. Another important objective of T-Force was preventing damage to infrastructure such as telephone exchanges that would be useful to occupying forces and in the rebuilding of Germany.
Creation.
The Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force (SHAEF) under General Eisenhower issued a directive to create T-Forces soon after the Normandy Landings. T-Forces were ordered to "identify, secure, guard and exploit valuable and special information, including documents, equipment and persons of value to the Allied armies". T-Force units were attached to the three army groups on the western front; the Sixth United States Army Group, 21st Army Group and 12th US Army Group. The targets of the T-Force were selected and recommended by the Combined Intelligence Objectives Subcommittee (CIOS). T-Force units were lightly armed and highly mobile.
Western front.
T-Force units accompanied combat units when capturing industrial plants, or arrived soon afterward to take control of them. They had to prevent any looting or sabotaging in the plants, and were responsible for ensuring that key personnel did not escape and no documents were removed. Once the T-Force took control of a plant, CIOS would be informed of it, and investigators were sent there immediately.
A notable achievement of the T-Force was the seizing of Kiel on 4 May 1945. Allied troops had been ordered not to move north past Bad Segeberg by this time. However, a T-Force group led by Major Tony Hibbert was given permission to advance to Kiel and seize the targets there. Not knowing that this permission was given in error, the T-Force moved into Kiel unopposed, and took control of their assigned targets. A strong German force was present in the city, which was reluctant to surrender when asked by the T-Force, until Admiral Karl Dönitz instructed them to do so.
Operations in post-war Germany.
In post war Germany, T-Force was tasked with carrying out abductions of German scientists and businessmen. One of the objectives of these abductions was to recover military secrets of Nazi Germany. In addition to this, the abductions of the scientists enabled Britain to use their knowledge in building up the British economy after the war, and also prevented the Soviet Union from obtaining their knowledge. The knowledge obtained from businessmen and technicians was used to improve British industries.
For example, Courtauld’s received the latest information on manmade fibres, Dorman Long benefited from information and equipment originating from the Hermann Goering Steel Works and even the British coal industry had pit props sent to them from the Harz Mountains.
On the military side much information was gathered, which could have been vital, had the war in the Far East not ended so soon.
Apart from this, there were wider political and economic implications, including the significance of the early liberation of Kiel, which prevented the Russians from adding Schleswig-Holstein and the Jutland Peninsula to their area of influence, as indeed they temporarily did with the Danish island of Bornholm. The unit's role remained secret until very recently, coming to wider notice only with the publication of Sean Longden’s book "T Force, the Race for Nazi War Secrets, 1945" in September 2010.
Old Comrades' Association.
An Old Comrades' Association (OCA) was formed on 24 March 1990, approved by the King's Regimental Colonel Major-General Peter Davies. At its height the OCA had a membership of 60, today it is 30—scattered around some 25 locations in the UK and a couple abroad.
A book, "T Force Story" was published in 2005, with copies presented to HM the Queen of Denmark, HRH the Prince of Wales, HRH Prince Joachim of Denmark and HH Duke Jost of Stolberg. This was followed up with a DVD, supported by a lottery grant, and distributed free of charge to some 60 Army Museums, education authorities in the north-west of England, King's RHQ and branches. Countless interviews have been given to press, radio and TV, in the UK, in Denmark and Germany. Technical help has been given to the Kiel Archives on the production of a book and DVD "Kiel May 1945", there has been similar co-operation with the archives in Preetz, and with research on a book about Eckernfoerde immediately after the Second World War, produced by their historical society and interviews with German film production company LOOKS, for their documentary series "Damals nach dem Krieg".
The BBC's "The One Show" showed a short feature on T-Force on 13 July 2010 to mark the publication of Sean Longden's book: "T Force, the Race for German War Secrets, 1945", following his earlier book "To the Victor the Spoils".
The association produces a quarterly newsletter 'Free Lance' (the same name as the post-war unit magazine published between 7 August 1945 and July 1947), with issue No 80 to appear later this year. The association also enjoys special relations with a number of towns and cities in Denmark and Germany, and has been honoured by official receptions: in Kolding and Aarhus in Denmark, Kiel, Goslar, Bad Nenndorf and Hanover in Germany. The King's were offered the 'Freedom of the City' in Kolding, but unfortunately, due to transport expenses this had to be declined.
Operta Aperta, the motto of 5 King’s / 2 T Force, translated: "From darkness comes light", accurately describes the chaos which was Germany in May 1945 and the following rapid development of technology in the western world.
Following representation from the 5th Battalion, Kings (Liverpool) Regiment / 2d T-Force OCA, to recognise his achievements in securing a peaceful transfer of power in Kiel and leading a small British unit of just A and B Companies of 5th Battalion, King's, Major Hibbert MBE MC received the Great Seal of the City of Kiel on 19 June 2010 at his home, Trebah Gardens, from the hands of the Honorary German Consul to Devon/Cornwall, Mrs Angela Spatz.

</doc>
<doc id="20768952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768952" title="Laniše, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Laniše, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Laniše (in older sources also "Lanišče", ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane on the western edge of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20768956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768956" title="Bissom">
Bissom

Bissom is a hamlet in south Cornwall, United Kingdom situated half-a-mile east of Penryn. 
Most of Bissom falls within the civil parish of Penryn but Bissom Farm is situated in Mylor civil parish.

</doc>
<doc id="20768961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768961" title="Chris Cummins (politician)">
Chris Cummins (politician)

Christopher Paul "Chris" Cummins (born 12 December 1962) is an Australian politician. He was a Labor member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 2001 to 2006.
Cummins first was first elected to parliament at the 2001 state election as the Labor candidate for Kawana. He was re-elected in the same capacity 2004 state election. Cummins won promotion to cabinet of Peter Beattie during his second term. He served as the Minister for Emergency Services from February 2004 to July 2005 and as the Minister for Small Business, Information Technology Policy and Multicultural Affairs from July 2005 to September 2006. At the 2006 state election, he was defeated by Liberal candidate Steve Dickson.
Cummins was the Labor candidate for Fisher at the 2010 federal election. He was defeated by incumbent Liberal MP Peter Slipper.
Prior to entering state politics, Cummins was a Caloundra City councillor from 1997 to 2001.
Cummins was born in Ipswich, Queensland. He is married with one son.

</doc>
<doc id="20768980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768980" title="Flag of Dagestan">
Flag of Dagestan

The flag of the Republic of Dagestan was adopted after the transformation of the Dagestan ASSR into the Republic of Dagestan within the Russian Federation. The flag was formally adopted on 26 February 1994. It features a horizontal tricolor of green (for Islam), blue (for the Caspian Sea), and red (for courage and fidelity). On 19 November 2003 the proportion of the flag was changed from the original 1:2 to 2:3.
Historical flags.
Following its formation from parts of the Mountainous Republic of the Northern Caucasus in 1921, the Dagestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic had several flags of the standard ASSR, first red flags defaced with the initials of the ASSR name (i.e. "ДАССР") and then a RSFSR flag defaced with the same. With the fall of the Soviet Union, Dagestan dropped the "А" (for Автономная, i.e. "autonomous") from its flag and the inscription read simply "ДССР". A flag with horizontal blue and yellow stripes may have been used briefly in 1993 and 1994 until a variation of the current horizontal tricolor was adopted in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20768981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768981" title="Josip Hamm">
Josip Hamm

Josip Hamm (December 3, 1905 – November 23, 1986) was a Croatian Slavist.
Biography.
Hamm was born in the village of Gat near Belišće and Valpovo. In 1924 he finished the classical gymnasium in Osijek, and in 1929 he graduated in Slavic and Germanic studies at the University of Zagreb.
He worked as a lecturer at the gymnasiums in Pristina, Karlovac and Zagreb. In 1931 he became a part-time lector for Polish at the Faculty of Philosophy in Zagreb. In 1934 he receives his Ph.D. with the thesis "Matija Petar Katančić, njegova djela i njegov dijalekt" ('Matija Petar Katančić, his works and dialect'). In 1946 he became permanent lector for Polish. In 1948 he received a position of "docent" for Slavic philology, with special care for Old Church Slavonic. He became an associate professor in 1954, and a tenured professor in 1958.
In 1960 he accepted the position of a regular professor of Slavic philology at the Department for Slavic studies of the University of Vienna, as well as the position of the head of the Institute for Slavic philology in Vienna. He also served as the head of the Linguistic department of Balkan commission (founded by Vatroslav Jagić in 1897) of the Austrian Academy of Sciences. He was a regular member of the Austrian as well as the Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts.
In 1952 together with Svetozar Rittig and Vjekoslav Štefanić he founded the Old Church Slavonic Institute in Zagreb, under whose patronage the journal Slovo was published.
Hamm died in Vienna at the age of 81, and was buried in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="20768989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768989" title="Drummine Farm">
Drummine Farm

The Drummine Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at New Market, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The main house was constructed about 1790 and is a -story structure of uncoursed fieldstone. The house retains Georgian stylistic influences in exterior and interior decorative detailing. The farm complex structures include a stone tenant house dated 1816, and four additional fieldstone buildings from the early 19th century: a smokehouse, a water storage house, a garden outhouse, and a large bank barn. Wooden farm buildings include a calf shed and a wagon shed with corn cribs from the late 19th century, a dairy barn with three cement stave silos from the 1930s, several sheds and garages, and a large pole barn.
The Drummine Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20768992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768992" title="Laze, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Laze, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Laze () is a small settlement between Leskovica and Robidnica in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20768997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768997" title="Emmanuel von Mensdorff-Pouilly">
Emmanuel von Mensdorff-Pouilly

Emmanuel, count of Mensdorff-Pouilly (24 January 1777 – 28 June 1852) was an army officer in the Imperial and Royal Army of the Austrian Empire, and vice-governor of Mainz. 
The Mensdorff-Pouilly family originated from the Baronie Pouilly in Stenay on the river Meuse in Lorraine. Albert-Louis, Baron de Pouilly et de Chaffour, Comte de Roussy (1731–1795) and his wife Marie Antoinette (1746–1800) emigrated together with their children during the French revolution. Their sons, Albert (1775–1799) and Emmanuel (baptised at Nancy on 24 January 1777), took the name Mensdorff from a community in the county of Roussy, Luxembourg.
The brothers entered military service against revolutionary and Napoleonic France, and Albert was killed in battle. During the War of the Fifth Coalition Emmanuel was decorated with the Military Order of Maria Theresa. In 1810 he was given command of the Galician regiment of ulans „Erzherzog Carl“ Nr. 3. Serving as a commander of a cavalry brigade in Bohemia, Mensdorff-Pouilly became commander of the Fortress of Mainz. From 1829 to 1834 Mensdorff-Pouilly also served as vice-governor of Mainz. After again having served in Bohemia, in 1840 Mensdorff-Pouilly became vice-president of the Hofkriegsrat. In 1848 he retired from the army with the rank of "feldmarschallleutnant". During the Revolution of 1848 Mensdorff-Pouilly was sent as a commissioner to Prague, where he tried in vain to impress on the Prince of Windisch-Grätz the necessity to avoid bloodshed.
Family.
Emmanuel von Mensdorff-Pouilly married Princess Sophie of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, the daughter of Francis, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, on 22 February 1804 at Coburg. Through this marriage he was the brother-in-law of King Leopold I of Belgium and the uncle of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
Emmanuel and Sophie had six sons:
Emmanuel was created Count of Mensdorff-Pouilly in Vienna on 29 November 1818. In 1838, Emmanuel purchased Schloss Preitenstein in the Plzeň Region of Bohemia, which remained the property of the Mensdorff-Pouilly family until 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20769003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769003" title="Calamagrostis breweri">
Calamagrostis breweri

Calamagrostis breweri is a species of grass known by the common name shorthair reedgrass. 
It is native to the mountains of northern California and Oregon, where it grows in forests and meadows in subalpine and alpine climates. This is a perennial grass without rhizomes which forms tufts and bunches up to about 50 centimeters in maximum height, but generally shorter. The small, sparse leaves are mainly located at the base of the stems. The inflorescence is small and scattered, with spikelets about half a centimeter long. 

</doc>
<doc id="20769005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769005" title="Mayor of Tauranga">
Mayor of Tauranga

The Mayor of Tauranga is the head of the municipal government of Tauranga, New Zealand, and presides over the Tauranga City Council. The Mayor is directly elected, using the First Past the Post system in 2007.
History.
Tauranga was gazetted as a Borough in 1882, and achieved sufficient population to become a city in 1963. The 1989 Local Body reforms saw the city become part of the Tauranga District, before the City of Tauranga was reproclaimed in 2004.
Elections for mayor were held annually from 1882 up to 1915, when terms become two years. In 1935 terms were made three years, the current system. Canon Charles Jordan was Mayor for nine years in total over five separate periods. He is commemorated by Tauranga's only statue, unveiled in Tauranga Domain in 1916 some years after Jordan's death.
The current Mayor is Stuart Crosby.

</doc>
<doc id="20769013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769013" title="Tony Hibbert (British Army officer)">
Tony Hibbert (British Army officer)

Tony Hibbert MC (born 1918) is a former British Army officer who fought in World War II.
He was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1938, fighting with the British Expeditionary Force Battle of France and being evacuated from Dunkirk. He then joined No. 2 Commando in October 1940, later renamed 11th Special Air Service Battalion, with whom he fought in North Africa and Italy. He fought in the airborne Operation Market Garden at Arnhem where he was captured. He managed to escape a few days later, but broke his leg shortly afterwards. 
On discharge from hospital he led the 500-strong T-Force in Operation Eclipse on 5 May 1945 to capture Kiel, its port, its scientists and the access route to Denmark despite the town being held by a far larger German force and being beyond the surrender line agreed 24 hours earlier at Lüneburg Heath. This prevented the German forces from falling into Russian hands - for which Kiel has bestowed the Great Seal of Kiel in May 2010. The story of the advance on Kiel is told in Sean Longden's book, 'T Force, The Race for Nazi War Secrets 1945' 
He was discharged from the Army in 1948 and became a businessman. 
In 1957 he established "The Salterns" sailing club at Lymington. The club is run by juniors for juniors with oversight by an adult committee. 
In the 1980s he moved to Cornwall where he still lives and purchased Trebah Gardens. The garden is one of the UK's most important Victorian gardens and is now a major tourist attraction in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20769028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769028" title="Leland Fuller">
Leland Fuller

Leland Fuller (16 February 1899 – 9 October 1962) was an American art director. He was nominated for six Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 48 films between 1943 and 1962.
Selected filmography.
Fuller was nominated for six Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20769029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769029" title="Fat Oxen">
Fat Oxen

Fat Oxen is a historic home located near Urbana, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Flemish bond brick house over a high rough stone foundation, with a shorter kitchen wing. It was built about 1775 and is basically Georgian vernacular architecture in style. The home is a notable example of an English farmhouse in a region that was largely populated by German Americans.
Fat Oxen was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20769039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769039" title="Dajia">
Dajia

Dajia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20769050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769050" title="Diana López">
Diana López

Diana López (born January 7, 1984) is an American Olympic Taekwondo competitor from Sugar Land, Texas. She represented the United States at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, where she won a bronze medal. 
Lopez has three older brothers, Steven and Mark who are also Olympians and Jean Lopez who coaches Lopez and her other two brothers. Her family is originally from Nicaragua.
In 2005, Diana and her brothers made history by becoming the first three siblings, in any sport, to win World titles at the same event, when they did so at the 2005 World Taekwondo Championships in Madrid, Spain and in 2008, Diana and her brothers made history again by becoming only the second set of three or more siblings to all qualify for the Olympics.
She graduated from Kempner High School in 2002, and is a student at the University of Houston–Downtown. On August 10, 2013 Lopez married strength and conditioning coach of the NBA's Houston Rockets Joe Rogowski. 

</doc>
<doc id="20769054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769054" title="Mark López (taekwondo)">
Mark López (taekwondo)

Mark López Mendieta is an American taekwondo practictioner. Mark represented the United States in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. He advanced to the men's -68 kg Gold Medal Match where he lost to Korea's Tae-Jin Son on a last second hit, giving him the silver medal.
He is the younger brother of Olympic gold medalist Steven López and their Taekwondo coach Jean Lopez and older brother of Olympian Diana López and is married to Dagmar López. 

</doc>
<doc id="20769061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769061" title="Steven López">
Steven López

Steven López (born November 9, 1978) is a 2000 and 2004 Olympic Gold medalist and a 2008 Olympic Bronze medalist and 4th Dan in taekwondo. In 2001, he won the Lightweight Taekwondo World Championship, and in 2003 he won the Welterweight Taekwondo World Championship which he has since won in 2005, 2007 and 2009 making him the first Taekwondo fighter to win 5 World Championships.
Biography.
Born in Nicaragua, Lopez's parents moved to New York City in 1972. In his native country, his father, Julio, worked for the dictator Anastasio Somoza, who was overthrown in 1979 after the Sandinista Revolution. His father took odd jobs to support his family but later relocated to Texas. López first learned the sport of Taekwondo in his garage at the age of five from his father and Jean, his older brother. He is a 1997 graduate of Kempner High School in Sugar Land, Texas where he was voted "most likely to succeed" and was member of the National Honor Society.
López's siblings, Mark, Diana and Jean Lopez (coach) are all USA National Team Members in Taekwondo. His younger siblings, Mark and Diana, also represented the United States at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, marking the first time since 1904 that three siblings have been on the same Olympic team. Both López and siblings, Mark (men's featherweight) and Diana (women's featherweight), made sports history in April 2005 when they all claimed a world championship title at the same event (2005 World Taekwondo Championships) with their oldest brother, Jean, participating in the feat as their coach. Steven Lopez and Diana Lopez both qualified for the 2012 Olympic games in London in July 2012 at the Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, CO.
On January 2006, López tested positive for a banned substance (L-methamphetamine) which he said came from an over-the-counter vapor inhaler he used. López promptly accepted a three-month suspension and participated in an educational anti-doping program.
López has appeared in People Magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People. In 2012, he participated in Fox's dating game show "The Choice".

</doc>
<doc id="20769074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769074" title="Leskovica, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Leskovica, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Leskovica () is a village in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is around 35 km north-west of Ljubljana.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Ulrich (). The original Late Gothic church was dedicated by the Bishop of Aquileia in 1517. The current church is of the same size, but dates to the late 17th century. It has a rectangualar vaulted nave with an angular apse. The main altar dates to the late 19th century. The altar painting of Saint Ulrich is an early work by the Slovene Impressionist painter Ivan Grohar.

</doc>
<doc id="20769087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769087" title="Pangong">
Pangong

Pangong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20769111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769111" title="Blowinghouse">
Blowinghouse

Blowinghouse is the name of two settlements in Cornwall, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20769112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769112" title="Asymmetric membrane capsule">
Asymmetric membrane capsule

The asymmetric membrane capsule is an example of a single core osmotic delivery system, consisting of a drug-containing core surrounded by an asymmetric membrane made with a non disintegrating polymer (cellulose acetate, ethylcellulose etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="20769114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769114" title="Stancioff House">
Stancioff House

Stancioff House is a historic home located at Urbana, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was built about 1849 and is a large three-story frame house with a notable clerestory roof, and two-story full length galleried porch. The home's interior woodwork is of a simple Greek Revival style. The former smokehouse has been converted to a chapel.
The house is said to have originally stood on the Rappahannock River near Fredericksburg, Virginia, and moved to its present location in 1846 at the direction of the Reverend R.H. Phillips. It has been used as both a school and private home. Reverend Phillips established a Female Seminary here between 1846 and 1850, then become a military institute for boys, and by the end of the 1850s it apparently had resumed its role as a Female Seminary. It was used by the 155th Pennsylvania Volunteers as a resting point for Union Troops marching toward the Battle of Monocacy on September 16, 1862.
Stancioff House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
References.
Lived at the Stancioff House in 1954.
Daniel Rodriguez

</doc>
<doc id="20769121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769121" title="HMT Firefly">
HMT Firefly

HMT "Firefly" was a minesweeping trawler that saw service during the Second World War.
She was built by Cook, Welton & Gemmill, of Beverley and launched on 23 August 1930. She was operated by the St Andrew's Steam Fishing Company Ltd, out of Hull.
Service.
The Admiralty requisitioned on the outbreak of war and commissioned her in September 1939. In early 1940 she endeavored to defuse a floating horned mine in the Firth of Forth. The mine unfortunately prematurely detonated and killed and wounded almost 90 per cent of the ship's company.
Fate.
The Admiralty returned to her original owners in January 1945. She was renamed "St Just" in 1946 and had been scrapped at Passage West, Ireland by 1 March 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20769126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769126" title="Victor A. Gangelin">
Victor A. Gangelin

Victor A. Gangelin (4 March 1899 – 2 April 1967) was an American feature film and television set decorator. He won an Academy Award (shared with Boris Leven) in 1962 for Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, Color for "West Side Story". Gangelin was also nominated for another Oscar (with Mark-Lee Kirk) in 1945 for Best Art Direction-Interior Direction, Black-and-White for "Since You Went Away".
He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the son of Victor Arthur Gengelin, a Russian immigrant, and Elizabeth (Goetz) Gangelin, a German immigrant. The younger Victor Gangelin's brother was screenwriter Paul Gangelin.
Victor Gangelin married former silent-screen actress and model Majel Coleman sometime prior to 1940. Coleman earned several screen credits in the 1920s, including feature films by famed director Cecil B. Demille, most notably the epic "The King of Kings".
He served as a set director and assistant department head at Warner Brothers studio. Along with his Academy Award-nominated films, his 47 film and television credits include the John Wayne epics "The Searchers" and "The Alamo" as well as episodes of "The Roy Rogers Show" and "My Mother the Car". His last credit was the 1966 film "Duel at Diablo" starring James Garner and Sidney Poitier.
Gangelin died at age 68 in Los Angeles, California.
Selected filmography.
Gangelin won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20769135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769135" title="Manfred Schüler">
Manfred Schüler

Manfred Schüler (born March 7 1932 in Jessen) is a German financial and management expert and politician (SPD). 
After teaching management and business studies activities at several scientific institutes and the private sector, since 1958 he has been a member of the SPD for issues of financial reform in the Bundestag.
After the change of government in 1969, he became head of the German Chancellery from 1974 to 1980 under Chancellor Helmut Schmidt. In 1999, he became the last Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Federal Institute for Unification (BvS), and then from 2000 to 2003, Chairman of the Board of TLG.

</doc>
<doc id="20769136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769136" title="So help me God">
So help me God

So help me God is a phrase often used to give an oath, and most commonly optional as part of an oath of office. It is also used in some jurisdictions as a form of oath for other forms of public duty, such as an appearance in court, service as a juror, etc.
The essence of the phrase is a request to divine agency to render assistance (help) by being a guarantor of the oath taker's own honesty and integrity in the matter under question, and by implication invoking divine displeasure if the oath taker fails in their duty in this regard. It therefore implies greater care than usual in the act of the performance of one's duty, such as in testimony to the facts of the matter in a court of law
The use of the phrase implies a greater degree of seriousness and obligation than is usually assigned to common conversation. See the discussion on oaths for more details
Australia.
In Australia the Oath of Allegiance is available in two forms, only one of which contains the phrase 'so help me god.'
Canada.
In Canada, the Oath of Office, Oath of Allegiance, and Oath of Members of the Privy Council may be sworn, and end in "So help me God." They may also be solemnly affirmed, and in such case the phrase is omitted.
Fiji.
The requires this phrase for the oath of allegiance, and before service to the republic from the President's office or Vice-President's office, a ministerial position, or a judicial position.
France.
In medieval France, tradition held that when the Duke of Brittany or other royalty entered the city of Rennes, they would proclaim "Et qu'ainsi Dieu me soit en aide."
New Zealand.
In New Zealand the Oath of Allegiance is available, in English or Maori in two forms, one an oath containing the phrase 'so help me god' and the other an affirmation which does not. The Police Act 1958 and the Oaths Modernisation Bill still includes the phrase.
Poland.
The Polish phrase is "" or "." It has been used in most version of the Polish Army oaths, however other denominations use different phrases.
The Philippines.
In the Oath of Office of the President of the Philippines, the phrase "So help me God" (Filipino: "Kasihan Nawà Ako ng Diyos") is mandatory. Though the phrase can be omitted voluntarily, in which case it would become an "affirmation" instead of an "oath". An affirmation, however, has exactly the same legal effect as an oath.
United Kingdom.
The Oath of Allegiance set out in the Promissory Oaths Act 1868 ends with this phrase, and is required to be taken by various office-holders.
United States.
In the United States, the No Religious Test Clause requires that "no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." However, there are federal oaths which do include the phrase "So help me God," such as for justices and judges in .
The phrase "So help me God" is prescribed in oaths as early as the Judiciary Act of 1789, for U.S. officers other than the President. The act makes the semantic distinction between an "affirmation" and an "oath". The oath, religious in essence, includes the phrase "so help me God" and "swear". The affirmation uses "[I affirm". Both serve the same purpose and are described as one (i.e. "[...] solemnly swear, or affirm, that [...]") 
Presidential oath.
There is no law that requires Presidents to use a Bible or to add the words "So help me God" at the end of the oath. There is currently debate as to whether or not George Washington, the first president, added this phrase to his oath. However, all Presidents since Franklin D. Roosevelt have used this phrase, according to Marvin Pinkert, executive director of the National Archives Experience.
Oath of citizenship.
The United States Oath of Citizenship (officially referred to as the "Oath of Allegiance," 8 C.F.R. Part 337 (2008)), taken by all immigrants who wish to become United States citizens, includes the phrase "so help me God"; however provides that the phrase is optional.
Military.
The oaths of enlistment and officers both contain this phrase, however it is not required to be said if the speaker has a personal or moral objection, as is true of all oaths administered by the United States government.
State laws.
Some of the states have specified that the words "so help me God" were used in oath of office, and also required of jurors, witnesses in court, notaries public, and state employees. Where this is still the case, there is the possibility of a court challenge over eligibility, as the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in "Torcaso v. Watkins", 367 U.S. 488 (1961), that such state-law requirements violate citizens' rights under the federal Constitution.
Alabama, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Mississippi, New Mexico, North Carolina, Texas, and Virginia still require "so help me God" as part of the oath to public office. Maryland and South Carolina did include it, but both have been successfully challenged in court. Other states, including New Hampshire, North Dakota, and Rhode Island, allow exceptions or optional phrases. In Wisconsin, the specific language of the oath has been repealed.

</doc>
<doc id="20769146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769146" title="Olav Versto">
Olav Versto

Olav Versto (31 July 1950 – 7 July 2011) was a Norwegian journalist and editor, primarily known for his work for the newspaper "Verdens Gang".
Education and career.
Versto received a cand.mag. degree from the University of Oslo in 1976. He started his career in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation in 1977, and was hired as a subeditor of "Verdens Gang", Norway's largest newspaper, in 1987. From 1994 to 2008 he was the political editor of "Verdens Gang". After that he became the editor of the op-ed section of the newspaper.
Olav Versto hailed from Vinje, and was the grandson of Olav Aslakson Versto and son of Aslak Versto, both politicians. He was himself politically involved, and was a forceful activist for the failed campaign for Norwegian European Union membership in 1994. In his later years, Versto was involved in the debate over the conflict between Islam and the West. In 2003, he went far towards supporting the US-led invasion of Iraq, a controversial stance in Norway at the time.
Versto was married to Kari Storsletten, journalist in the newspaper "Aftenposten". The two were in 2007 ranked as number four among the most powerful media couples in Norway, by the online business newspaper "NA24".
Death.
Versto was found dead in the harbour of Farsund on 7 July 2011. Police believe he may have slipped on the rain-soaked floor of his boat and fell into the water.
Following his death, Versto was praised by several prominent figures, including Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg, former Prime Ministers Gro Harlem Brundtland, Kjell Magne Bondevik, Kåre Willoch and World War II veteran Gunnar Sønsteby.

</doc>
<doc id="20769156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769156" title="Jean-Gabriel Domergue">
Jean-Gabriel Domergue

Jean-Gabriel Domergue (4 March 1889 – 16 November 1962) was a French painter specialising in portraits of Parisian women.
Biography.
Domergue was born in Bordeaux and studied at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts. In 1911, he was a winner of the Prix de Rome. From the 1920s onward he concentrated on portraits, and claimed to be "the inventor of the pin-up". He also designed clothes for the couturier Paul Poiret. From 1955 until 1962 he was the curator of the Musée Jacquemart-André, organising exhibitions of the works of Van Gogh, Toulouse-Lautrec, Goya and others.
Domergue was appointed a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur.
He died 16 November 1962 on a Paris sidewalk.

</doc>
<doc id="20769165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769165" title="Step Lively">
Step Lively

Step Lively may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20769206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769206" title="Kåre Verpe">
Kåre Verpe

Kåre Johan Hansson Verpe (born 16 February 1949) is a Norwegian information worker and journalist.
From 2005 to 2010, he is the director of information in the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. He has a background as a publishing house editor, and is also a former journalist in "Morgenbladet", "Dagbladet" and the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation. He has a cand.mag. degree from the University of Oslo in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20769207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769207" title="Relationship of Cyrillic and Glagolitic scripts">
Relationship of Cyrillic and Glagolitic scripts

The exact nature of relationship between the Glagolitic and the Cyrillic scripts has been historically a matter of great controversy and dispute in Slavic studies, especially pertaining to the question of chronological precedence and mutual influence. Several traditional accounts on the origin of the Slavic script they describe are ambiguous in their statements of what particular script they pertain to, which is furthermore complicated by the occasional mixture of terms used for them in some sources.
Question of precedence.
The theory of chronological precedence of Glagolitic script with regard to Cyrillic has been first put forth by G. Dobner in 1785, but ever since Pavel Jozef Šafárik's 1857 study of Glagolitic monuments "Über den Urspung und die Heimat des Glagolitismus" there has been a virtual consensus in the academic circles that the Glagolitic was the script Constantine (Cyril) devised, rather than Cyrillic. This view is supported by numerous linguistic, paleographic and historical accounts.
Chernorizets Hrabar's account.
In his famous treatise "On the Letters" ("O pismenexъ"), written as early as the end of the ninth or beginning of the tenth century, monk Hraber states the following:
"Prěžde ubo slověne ne iměaxǫ kъńigъ nъ črьtami i rězami čьtěaxǫ i gataaxǫ pogani sǫšte. Krьstivъše že sę rimьskyjimi i grьčьskyjimi pismeny nǫždaaxǫ sę pьsati slověnьskǫ rěčь bez ustrojenьja. Nъ kako možetъ sę pьsati dobrě grьčьskyjimi pismeny bogъ ili životъ ili ğělo ili crьky ili čajanьje ili širota ili ědъ ili ǫdu ili ili junostь ili ęzykъ i ina podobьnaja simъ. I tako běšę mъnoga lěta."
"Earlier the Slavs did not have books but by strokes and notches read and divined, being heathen. And when they were baptized, they had to write their Slavic speech with Roman and Greek letters without design. Because how could one write with Greek letters:
Hrabar's "črьtami i rězami" have long puzzled scholars. Various suggestions have been made, ranging to simple wood-marks used for aid in counting, to adaptations of Turkic (such as the ones occurring in Proto-Bulgar epigraphy) and Germanic (such as of the Gothic alphabet created by the Visigothic bishop Wulfila) runes. However, despite the proximity of Bulgar and Gothic tribes to presumed location of Slavic tribe and Proto-Slavic Urheimat, obvious contacts of which have otherwise left clear linguistic traces, not only has no authentic Slavic runic writing been discovered, but it cannot furthermore be shown that Constantine's Glagolitic alphabet contains any runic elements at all.
According to , Hrabar's account is most likely to pertain to the possible pre-Constantine usage of Greek and Roman alphabet for writing by the Slavs, which was a very difficult task. The initial letters of the example words he cites are meant to illustrate that – the initial consonants in "životъ", "ğělo", "crьky", "čajanie" and "širota" were completely absent in the contemporary Byzantine Greek phonology, as well as the initial nasal vowels illustrated by "ǫdu" and "ęzykъ". Same is valid for the initial syllable of "junostь" which was either or [ü, yat in "ědъ" (Greek letter had acquired phonetic value of in Byzantine Greek), as well as for "b" and "g" in "bogъ" which could not be represented by Greek letters and which were pronounced as labial and velar fricatives, respectively.
Bulgarian scholar Emil Georgiev is the most vocal supporter of the theory that there was indeed a Greek-based pre-Constantine writing alphabet, out of which Cyrillic developed and of which no extant examples have been preserved. He does not deny that the Glagolitic script was Constantine's creation—but Cyrillic is still the older script, according to him, deriving from cursive Greek.
Hrabar's account further describes how Constantine-Cyrill was sent by God to Slavs "to compose 38 letters, some according to the shape of Greek letters, some according to the Slavic word". This particular statement, as well as some other details, have led some philologists to the conclusion that Hrabar actually speaks about Cyrillic script. However, that theory has been dispelled by the meticulous analysis of St. M. Kuljbakin in a study "Beleške o Hrabrovoj apologiji" (Glas SKA, Beograd, 1935). The twice cited number of 38 letters of the Constantine's alphabet Hrabar writes about corresponds to the number of letter in the Glagolitic alphabet (iotated yus letters apart, which were absent in the original alphabet), while the Early Cyrillic script has many more graphemes. According to I. Gošev, Hrabar mentions another fact that undoubtedly corroborates the Glagolitic character of Constantine's alphabet—Hrabar writes that the first of the alphabet compiled by Constantine the Philosopher, , was "God's gift" to the Slavs, and by that it was markedly different from pagan Greek alpha. This "God's gift" is explicable only in terms of Glagolitic "a" (), which represents the cross, i.e. the symbolic invocation with God's blessing.
The "Russian letters" in Vita Constantini.
"Obrěte že tu evaggelie i psaltyrь rusьskymi pismeny pisano, i člověka ōbrětъ glagoljušta toju besědoju, i besědova s nimъ, i silu rěči priimъ, svoei besědě prikladaa različnaa pismena, glasnaa sъglasnaa, i kъ bogu molitvy tvorę, vъskorě načętъ česti i skazati, i mnoǆi sę emu divlęxu, boga xvalęšte."
"And he found there the Evangel and Psalter written with Russian letters, and upon finding a man who spoke the language, talked with him; and perceiving the power of the speech, he added various letters for his own language, consonant vocal sounds; and praying to God, immediately began to compose and reveal, and many marvelled at him, glorifying God."
The phrase "rusьskymi pismeny" ("Russian letters", or more appropriately "Rus' letters") occurring in Vita Constantini VIII, 15 is another famous and enigmatic statement that has been puzzling to Slavists for a long time, having provoked various and imaginative explanations. According to the chronicle, Constantine, prior to the setting out, at the request of the Byzantine emperor, on a mission to the Khazars, found in Cherson—at the time a Byzantine outpost in the Crimea, recently repossessed—a gospel text and a psalter written in "Russian letters".
Even though the Crimea in the c. 860 was probably a multiethnic community (especially its main port city of Cherson), it is quite unlikely that among the peoples settled there were also Slavs, notably Slavs from the basin of the southern Dnieper., as the Slavs of the Dnieper region were at that period still separated from the northern shores of the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov by the steppe, populated by the Khazars and later also by Pechenegs, the latter remaining heathen until long after the conversion of Rus' in 966. Therefore, scholars have generally rejected the connections of the "Rus"' referred here with Eastern Slavs, with a few highly nationalistic minority still maintaining a view that Constantine indeed found and Old East Slavic text, and that the man he encountered spoke that language.
According to the hypothesis originally propounded by French Slavist André Vaillant, accepted and further developed by distinguished scholars such as Roman Jakobson, Dietrich Gerhardt, Karel Horálek, Robert Auty, Horace G. Lunt and others, "rusьskymi" (or "rosьskymi") stands for the original "surьskymi" ("sorьskymi"), with a metathesis of the consonants of the first syllable. I.e. "sur-" > "rus-" ("sor-", > "ros-") and thus the original meaning was 'Syriac' (i.e. Aramaic, the language of Jesus), being substituted for 'Russian' (i.e. Old Russian, aka Old East Slavic) by the later East Slavic copyist, to whom 'Syriac' here presumably made little sense. It is doubtless that Syrian (Syriac, Aramaic) speaking people, presumably prevalently merchants, could have resided in the Crimea in the late ninth century, especially in the port city of Cherson. Moreover, Syriac was the language of Syrian Christian refugees who had escaped from Arabic Islamic rule and could have made their refuge on Cherson at that time. Therefore, the Syriac hypothesis is generally held to have much arguments on its side and many accept it even today.
According to another theory, the term "rusьskymi" ("pismeny") refers in fact to Gothic, the author confusing one Old Germanic language (Gothic) with another (Old Norse, or more precisely Early Old Swedish, the speech of Varangians, which were referred to in contemporary Slavic and Byzantine Greek sources as "Rusь" or ). This theory was advocated by Czech-American Slavist Francis Dovrník and Polish Slavist Tadeusz Lehr-Spławiński. The chief argument is that Goths had been Christianised much earlier, as early as the fourth century by the mission of the bishop Wulfila, and that there is doubtless evidence of Gothic presence in the Crimea (cf. Crimean Gothic, which was recorded as late as the 16th century). The chief argument against this theory is the fact that it is not particularly likely that the Old Scandinavian language of the notoriously pagan Varangians would have ben mixed with the language of Christian-Arian Goths by a medieval copyist and that, furthermore, the Arian Goths of the Balkans were in no way identical with the Crimean Goths at the northern shores of the Black Sea, which were very possibly not even converted to Christianity, or at least not in its "heretic" Arian variety. Therefore, this theory was very soon abandoned in favour of other explanations.
Harvey Goldblatt has suggested in his essay "On 'rusьskymi pismeniy" in the ""Vita Constantini" and Rus'ian Religious Patriotism" another radical reinterpretation. Goldblatt notes that of all the preserved codices that contain Vita Constantini, the vast majority is East SLavic (Goldblatt counted app. 40), and has the reading "rusьskym(i) pismeny", while numerically much fewer South Slavic MSS show various alternative readings: "rousьskymi", "roušьskymi" and "rosьky" (or corrupted forms that can be derived from it). Given also the fact that the earliest attestation of this text does not go back further than the fifteenth century, it cannot be automatically assumed, according to Goldblatt, that they all reflect one uniform and complete text tradition of the Vita Constantini, supposedly written in Moravia before 882. Instead, by considering in particular also the nationalistic (or "patriotic") ideology expressed by a Russian Church Slavonic text known as the "Skazanie o gramotě rusьstěi", a work whose oldest extant copy is found in a MS immediately following that of the Vita Constantini, Goldblatt suggests that, for the lack of information, "one cannot...advance a conjecture on either the circumstances on textual transmission for the Skazanie prior to the fifteenth century or the precise relations between its textual history and that of Vita Constantini". Yet the "Skazanie" provides the correct context in which to place the "Russian" episode of the Vita Constantini "precisely because it conveys a message conforming perfectly to the ideological atmosphere of the fifteenth-century 'Rus'ian' lands", after the defeat of the Slavs at the battle of Kosovo in 1389 and the fall of Tarnovo, the Bulgarian capital in 1393. Thus, the Greek "betrayal of Orthodoxy", with the loss of Constantinople to Muslim Ottoman Turks in 1453 was suited to reinforce the idea of a religious and cultural transfer from Byzantine and the Slavic Balkans to Muscovy. The notion of Constantine-Cyrill discovering "Russian letters" in Cherson or that he would have studied with a "Russian" in the Crimea would thus be completely acceptable, indeed welcome, in the fifteenth century Muscovy. Grounded on the belief belief that Moscow was, by then, the center of the true Orthodox faith, the scenario of events in Cherson would thus become a central component of the new, Muscovite ideological outlook.
Another recent theory is that by Greek Slavist . The author first emphasizes that there is in fact no support for the Syriac hypothesis in the MS tradition as no single extant text of the Vita Constantini actually has the allegedly correct reading ("sourьskymi"), which is something one would have expected given the many witnesses of this text which have been preserved and considering the fact that letter transpositoins within a single word were indeed not an uncommon phenomenon in medieval texts. In other words, argues Tachiaos, to accept the Syriac theory one has to assume that the "sour" > "rous-" ("sur-" > "rus-") metathesis must have occurred very early, in the very first "antegraph" underlying all extant MSS. He thus argues that the Vita Constantini goes back to the original version composed in Moravia immediately after Constantine's death (in 869). In order to explain the stay of the brothers in Cherson, Tachiaos claims that the Old Church Slavonic verbs "obrěsti" and "sъkazati" were used in the specialized meaning of 'to receive' and 'to interpret, teach, preach', rather than the common senses of 'to find' and 'to speak', respectively. Thus the described Cherson episode would mean that Constantine "received" a gospel text and a psalter and a man (speaking that language), and that he soon began to read it and to "preach" in it. He further suggests that Constantine, who already knew some Hebrew when he arrived in Cherson, here merely perfected his mastery of that language while learning the very beginnings of the related Samaritan language. As for the mysterious "rusьskymi", Tachiaous argues that the Constantine's study of Hebrew, Samaritan and the "Rus'" languages, though repeated one after the other, must not be viewed as necessarily having occurred in close time sequence, and hence the Constantine is said to have encountered Slavs among the multiethnic population of the Crimea.
None of the proposed theories is flawless and escapes heavy criticism, and furthermore none enjoys widespread acceptance among Slavists. Thus in a recent study concludes that "This therefore is one of the remaining controversial issues of the Cyrillo-Methodian research today as much as ever".

</doc>
<doc id="20769252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769252" title="Belvedere Tower in the Buda Hills">
Belvedere Tower in the Buda Hills

Belvedere Tower in the Buda Hills, also called the Elisabeth Tower (Hungarian: "Erzsébet-kilátó"), stands on John's Hill (Hungarian: "János-hegy") above Budapest. Built in 1911, the tower was named after Empress Elisabeth, wife of Emperor Franz Joseph I. Frigyes Schulek was the architect. The tower is near Budapest's District XII, and may be reached from the Széll Kálmán tér of Budapest.
Buda hills.
At 526 metres, John's Hill is the highest point in Budapest. Other hills in the area, Nagy-Hárs-hegy and Kis-Hárs-hegy, reach 454 metres and 362 metres, respectively. In clear weather, the Mátra Mountains are visible, 80 kilometres distant. On the far eastern horizon one might see the Great Hungarian Plain (Hungarian: "Nagyalföld").

</doc>
<doc id="20769253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769253" title="Step Lively (1944 film)">
Step Lively (1944 film)

Step Lively is a 1944 American musical film directed by Tim Whelan and starring Frank Sinatra. "Step Lively" was based on the play "Room Service", by Allen Boretz and John Murray. This was a remake of the 1938 RKO movie "Room Service", starring the Marx Brothers, Lucille Ball, and Ann Miller. 
Awards.
The film was nominated an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (Albert S. D'Agostino, Carroll Clark, Darrell Silvera, Claude E. Carpenter).

</doc>
<doc id="20769270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769270" title="Syfy (Portugal)">
Syfy (Portugal)

Syfy (formerly known as Sci Fi Channel and Syfy Universal) in Portugal is a digital satellite/IPTV channel that launched on December 6, 2008 and specializes in science fiction, fantasy, and horror shows and movies. Syfy is available on the MEO satellite and IPTV platforms and on Optimus Clix IPTV platform.
Owned by NBC Universal Global Networks, is the most recent extension of the Syfy brand. Syfy HD was launched on April 27, 2009 on MEO on channel 64, and it's now on channel 67.

</doc>
<doc id="20769281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769281" title="Tom Veierød">
Tom Veierød

Tom Veierød (born 6 September 1937) is a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Gran, and is a cand.philol. by education. He worked as chief administrative officer in Harstad municipality from 1985 to 1990, as permanent under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Church, Education and Research from 1990 to 1992, as CEO of Statskonsult from 1992 to 1995 and general director of the Norwegian Association of Local and Regional Authorities from 1995 to 2001.
He is married to Tove Veierød.

</doc>
<doc id="20769313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769313" title="Pont Aven School of Contemporary Art">
Pont Aven School of Contemporary Art

Pont Aven School of Contemporary Art (PASCA) is an art school founded in 1993 by art historian Caroline Boyle-Turner as an international fine arts program for advanced under-graduate and post-graduate studies. It is a private, United States non-profit university fully accredited for undergraduate study through its affiliation with Pacific Northwest College of Art in Portland, Oregon.
Junior year, undergraduate coursework delivered during the 15-week/15-credit study abroad semester at PASCA is accredited through Pacific Northwest College of Art in Portland, Oregon. Courses satisfy National Association of Schools of Art and Design requirements for 300 level studio, art history/critical studies and French culture and language classes. 
Each term the curriculum has these potential course options: 
• A 2-D studio (can include painting, drawing, print) 
• A 3-D studio (can include sculpture, installation, site work) 
• A 4-D studio (time-based strategies that may include video, performance, photo, digital) 
• An Art History/Critical Studies offering 
• French Culture and Language study 
• Two five-day faculty-led cultural site seminars, to Paris/Berlin and either Venice in Biennale years, or Madrid/Barcelona, or London ].
A shorter summer session is available as well. The campus includes studios, exhibition spaces, IT labs, and libraries. Students visit the contemporary art scenes of Paris, London and Berlin.
The art school is located in the small town of Pont-Aven in Brittany, France - since the 19th century one of the favorite summer working places of Paris based artists and art students like Paul Gauguin, Paul Sérusier, Émile Bernard, as well as Maurice de Vlaminck and Camille Claudel. Since these heroic days, Pont-Aven School became a brand covering a broad variety of artists busy in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20769322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769322" title="Crooked Timber (album)">
Crooked Timber (album)

Crooked Timber, is the tenth full-length album by the band Therapy?, and the first to be released on "Demolition Records". It was released on 23 March 2009. The album was recorded from July to August 2008 at Blast Studios, Newcastle, with additional recording at The Beauchamp Building, London from August to September 2008. Produced by Andy Gill, the album features a bias towards rhythm rather than melody. 
According to Andy Cairns; “I guess we’re always challenging just what makes us Therapy?. After so many years, if we were formulaic about it, we’d have gotten bored with the band long ago. The album was written together as a band, and each track has its own concept and inspirations. They took a while to write and we’ve taken our time to write them.”
“From the crooked timber of humanity, no straight thing was ever made.” – "Immanuel Kant (18th-century German philosopher)"
Andy explains: “The recording is about celebrating people’s quirks, the things which make us unique. These days everyone tries to fit in, instead of just being themselves. The songs examine what it means to be human - To realise that we are the only living things on the planet aware of our own deaths." 
"Crooked Timber" reached number 197 in the UK Album charts. As of early May 2009 (6 weeks following its release), the album had sold 30,000 copies in Europe.
The album was released on limited edition white 12" vinyl, CD and Download.
On 19 July 2010 the album was re-released as a "Deluxe Gold Edition" digipak CD featuring two bonus tracks, two remixes and 4 alternate versions.
Track listing.
All songs written by Therapy? except track 4 written by Therapy? & Andy Gill
Deluxe Gold Edition:
Reception.
Reviews collated thus far have been mostly positive. The album earned a rave review on Irish indie website "drop-d", stating it "not only confirms their incredible legacy, but takes them to a new level", and they earned the first ever 10/10 on The Mag". Kerrang! gave the album a KKK review (the equivalent of 3/5). Kerrang!'s UK competitor, Metal Hammer gave the album 8/10. However, French websites have, on average, slated the album criticising its schizophrenic nature and the bands' refusal to focus on one particular sound.

</doc>
<doc id="20769327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769327" title="Lom nad Volčo">
Lom nad Volčo

Lom nad Volčo is a small settlement above Volča in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Lom" to "Lom nad Volčo" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20769332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769332" title="Estonia–India relations">
Estonia–India relations

Estonia–India relations are the bilateral diplomatic relations between Estonia and India. India first recognised Estonia on 22 September 1921 when the former had just acquired membership in the League of Nations. India re-recognised Estonia on 9 September 1991 and diplomatic relations were established on 2 December of the same year in Helsinki. Estonia is represented in India by its embassy in New Delhi and its honorary consulate in Mumbai. India is represented in Estonia through its embassy in Helsinki (Finland) and through an honorary consulate in Tallinn.
Official visits.
"To India":
"To Estonia":
Trade.
In 2007, India was Estonia’s 34th largest import partner and 37th largest export partner. Imports into Estonia doubled in 2006. The total value of trade between the countries in 2007 was €30.8 million.
While Indian investment in Estonia is small-scale and is in the commercial and food sector, Estonia has no direct investment in India. However, Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet has expressed desire to improve economic ties and appoint a non-resident ambassador and open its own embassy besides two existing honorary embassies.
India has signed the Joint Business Council Agreement with the Estonian Chamber of Commerce.
Cultural.
The first person from Estonia to visit India at the end of the 17th century was the cleric Eberhard Eckhold (Eckholz) who was born in Tallinn and had studied in the "Academia Gustaviana" of Tartu. Nothing particular is known about his visit. Adam Johann von Krusenstern's expedition visited India on his way to China in 1797–1798 during the first Russian circumnavigation. He stayed for short whiles in Madras and Calcutta, acquainted with the commercial and administrative activity of the East India Company and made a two-month journey on board HMS Orpheus in the Bay of Bengal. The fact that Krusenstern's library contained around forty items on the history and geography of India and on the Sanskrit literature shows his great interest towards the country.
The first Estonian textbooks to mention India were written by Georg Gottfried Marpurg (1805) and Karl Ernst Berg (1811).
The first Estonian publication to arrive in India was "Pühhapäiwa Wahhe-luggemissed" (Sunday Intermediary Readings) of Otto Wilhelm Masing (1818). The book contained a hundred-page description of the nature and society of India. Sanskrit language publications were printed at the University of Tartu and from 1837, Sanskrit teaching classes commenced, taught by professor Karl Friedrich Keil. One of his successors Leopold Alexander von Schroeder became an outstanding indologist, known for his translations and original studies on the early Indian literature.
Several papers on the missionary work in India, especially among the Tamils were published in the middle of the 19th century. "Maailma maade õpetus" (Lesson on Countries of the World) by Berend Gildenmann gave a short systematic overview of the geography of India, improved by the editions of 1854 and 1868. Johann Voldemar Jannsen's articles on India which were widely popular contributed further to the Estonians' knowledge on the country as he published up-to-date information on the course of the Indian Rebellion of 1857. Further impact in the knowledge was made by the intellectuals Friedrich Reinhold Kreutzwald, Voldemar Hansen, Eduard Friedrich Lossius and others. The first atlas in Estonian "Maakaardi raamat", published in 1857, contained a map of India under the title of "Indo-Brittia Riik" (Indo-Britain State), populated by toponyms from Masing's and Jannsen's publications.
Several protestant missionaries from Estonia contributed in India. The first one was Arnold Nerling who worked among the Tamils in 1862–1872. Born in Reval, Franz Mathissen studied in the school of the Basel Mission, was sent to work in Calcutta in 1867 and stayed there for the rest of his life. His schoolmate Johannes Hesse from Weissenstein was sent to work in the mountains by Nilagiri in 1869–1874. Albert Grubert from Ahrensburg who had studied in Leipzig, worked in 1871–1876 in Nagapatnam. While they were Baltic Germans, the only missionary of Estonian ethnicity was Christoph Bransfeld from Kärdla who worked with the Gossner Theological College in 1880–1896.
By the late 19th century, India was widely known to Estonians. In addition to the textbooks and the press, brochures were issued on the mission, the Rebellion of 1857, Nana Sahib (1884), the Great Famine of 1876–78 (1892), the hinduism (1892), the British Raj (1895) and more. These were supported by the letters of the missionaries in India published by the Estonian press.
Playing Indian music has become a tradition in the Estonian film festival "Orient". Veena player Dr.Mustafa Raza has performed in the festival three times.
The Estonian-Indian Cultural Society was established in 2004 and since then has made regular donations to the Estonian Institute of Humanities, the National Library of Estonia and the University of Tartu.
Political.
The Estonian–Indian Parliament Group was established in the Riigikogu in 2004. Estonia has supported India's bid for a permanent seat in the United Nations Security Council. Estonia also supports the Indian draft on Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism (CCIT) in the United Nations.
Science.
In a collaboration with Center for Cellular and Molecular Biology, CCMB, Hyderabad, India, Estonian Biocentre and University of Tartu has published dozens of papers on origin and migrations of South Asian populations. Apart from these many Indian students and researchers are working currently in University of Tartu and Tallinn University of Technology. The first Indian student in University of Tartu defended his PhD theses in 2010.
Agreements.
Estonia and India have several agreements on co-operations on subjects varying from Science and Technology to Culture, Education, Science, Sports, Arts, Mass Media, Tourism and Youth Affairs. In 1999 India and Estonia signed a joint business council agreement to increase investment and trade between the two countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20769338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769338" title="Mars mission">
Mars mission

Mars mission may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20769339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769339" title="First Tuesday">
First Tuesday

First Tuesday may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20769342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769342" title="Table of years in country music">
Table of years in country music

The table of years in country music is a tabular display of all years in country music, to provide an overview and quick navigation to any year.
__NOTOC__
2000s in country music.
2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
1900s in country music.
1920 1921 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929
1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939<BR>
1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949
1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959<BR>
1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969
1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979<BR>
1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989
1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999

</doc>
<doc id="20769357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769357" title="Medical Education and Training Campus">
Medical Education and Training Campus

The Medical Education and Training Campus (METC) is a United States Department of Defense (DoD) integrated campus under a single university-style administration, with 64 programs of study available to U.S. military enlisted students. METC is located at Joint Base San Antonio on Fort Sam Houston, Texas with a field training site located at Camp Bullis. Its goal is to "train the world's finest Medics, Hospital Corpsmen, and Medical Technicians; supporting our nation's ability to engage globally".
Base Realignment and Closure.
METC is the result of 2005 BRAC legislation that required the bulk of enlisted technical medical training in the Army, Air Force, and Navy to be collocated to Fort Sam Houston, Texas with the potential of transitioning to a tri-service education and training effort. Consolidation is expected to result in government savings and makes the campus the largest enlisted military medical education and training facility in the world.
Construction.
METC's footprint covers more than on Fort Sam Houston and cost more than $1.2 billion to build and equip. Eleven new facilities have been built including three 1,200-student dormitories, and six existing buildings are undergoing renovations. Construction began July 21, 2008. Each of its three current dormitories will house 1,200 Airmen and Sailors. Other facilities include a dining facility, fitness center, five medical instructional facilities (MIFs), and a Navy and Air Force shared command building. Two other dorms will be built nearby for Army students, with one housing 3,000 technical school students. The dorm rooms themselves were individually constructed offsite at a plant in Belton, Texas and shipped. Each of the five dormitories will cost approximately $ to complete and will consist of four floors. The dormitories will consist of 600 apartment styled dorms on three upper floors while the bottom floor will be classrooms and administrative space. Due to the unique circumstances of a military dormitory over traditional college dorms (such as noise from aircraft, armored vehicles, and artillery as well as the Army's policies on the amount of floor space allocated per soldier), contractors were forced to find a unique way to deal with the sound. The traditional method of party walls would not work because of the already limited floor space. A new soundproof drywall was used instead to give students as much living space as possible.
Academics.
METC entered into its initial operating capability June 30, 2010 and reached full operating capability on September 15, 2011. Its initial training course was Radiography Specialist. Other courses were phased in throughout the rest of the year and into 2011. The METC campus hosts more than 24,000 students going through its doors each year, with an average daily student load of approximately 8,000. METC officials will also employ an operating staff and faculty of more than 1,400.
By service, the student breakdown includes approximately 45 percent Army, 31 percent Navy and 24 percent Air Force. The longest program offered is cytology, which is the study of cells, at 52 weeks; and the shortest, at four weeks, is patient administration. Consolidated basic and specialty enlisted training from five separate service medical learning centers have moved to San Antonio, Texas.
Local impact.
The Medical Education and Training Campus has already brought $ to San Antonio and is estimated to bring an additional $ per year after 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20769358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769358" title="Lovsko Brdo">
Lovsko Brdo

Lovsko Brdo is a small dispersed settlement above the village of Volča in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20769362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769362" title="Jugah anak Barieng">
Jugah anak Barieng

Tun Datuk Patinggi Tan Sri Temenggong Jugah anak Barieng, also known as Tun Jugah, (1903 – July 8, 1981) was a Malaysian politician of Iban descent from the state of Sarawak. He was the Paramount Chief of the Iban people for more than 55 years. They affectionately called him "Apai" meaning "father" in the Iban language.
Tun Jugah played a fundamental role in bringing the state of Sarawak into the Federation of Malaysia on 22 July 1963. He was a state leader, and was the first Sarawakian and Iban Federal Minister in charge of Sarawak Affairs in the Cabinet of Malaysia. He was elected a member of Parliament during Malaysia's first elections in 1963.
Tun Jugah, who was Sarawak’s Internal Affairs Minister, was appointed as the first president of the United Traditional Bumiputera Party or '"Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu" (PBB) until his death in 1981. The party was founded with the purpose of the improvement of the livelihood and protect the rights of the Sarawakian Bumiputera in many fields such as politics, economy and social.
PBB was formed from the combination of three parties in Sarawak; Parti Negara Sarawak (PANAS), Barisan Rakyat Jati Sarawak (BARJASA) and Parti Pesaka Anak Sarawak (PESAKA). Tun Jugah was one of the early members who instrumental in setting up Pesaka with other Iban Penghulus of Batang Rajang.
He died peacefully on July 8,1981 at Kuching,leaving behind his wife Toh Puan Tiong anak Anding,his children and grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20769364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769364" title="Lars Wilhelmsen">
Lars Wilhelmsen

Lars Wilhelmsen (born 7 December 1946) is a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Bergen as the son of Leif Wilhelmsen, and took the cand.philol. degree at the University of Oslo in 1972. He was hired as deputy under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Local Government and Labour in 1988. In 1994 he became the managing director of the Norwegian State Housing Bank. He was then the director of Aetat from 2001 to 2002, before resigning to return to the ministries. Per Engebretsen was acting director for some months until Inger-Johanne Stokke was hired as the new director. Wilhelmsen now works for the permanent under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion. In 2010 he was the acting director of the Directorate of Integration and Diversity.

</doc>
<doc id="20769368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769368" title="Estonia–Sweden relations">
Estonia–Sweden relations

Estonia–Sweden relations are foreign relations between Estonia and Sweden. Estonia was wholly or partially under Swedish rule between 1561 and 1721.
In 1944, Sweden became one of the first among the few countries to recognize the Soviet occupation of the Baltic countries. In 1945, Stockholm extradited to the Soviet Union around 170 Waffen SS-soldiers from the Baltic countries who had fled the Red Army and found refuge in Sweden. On 15 August 2011, Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt officially apologized to the prime ministers of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania at a ceremony in Stockholm saying that "Sweden owes its Baltic neighbours a "debt of honour" for turning a blind eye to post-war Soviet occupation" and speaking of "a dark moment" in his country's history. Sweden re-recognized Estonia on August 27, 1991.
Estonia has an embassy in Stockholm and 5 honorary consulates (in Eskilstuna, Gothenburg, Karlskrona, Malmö and Visby). Sweden has an embassy in Tallinn and 2 honorary consulates (in Narva and Tartu).
Both countries are full members of the Council of the Baltic Sea States and of the European Union.
Bilateral Visits.
Since Estonia’s independence, there have been many visits between leaders and senior officials from the two countries. In the last few years, the most important were:
"To Sweden":
"To Estonia":

</doc>
<doc id="20769394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769394" title="Early intervention in psychosis">
Early intervention in psychosis

Early intervention in psychosis is a clinical approach to those experiencing symptoms of psychosis for the first time. It forms part of a new prevention paradigm for psychiatry and is leading to reform of mental health services, especially in the United Kingdom.
This approach centers on the early detection and treatment of early symptoms of psychosis during the formative years of the psychotic condition. The first three to five years are believed by some to be a critical period. The aim is to reduce the usual delays to treatment for those in their first episode of psychosis. The provision of optimal treatments in these early years is thought to prevent relapses and reduce the long term impact of the condition. It is considered a secondary prevention strategy.
The duration of untreated psychosis (DUP) has been shown as an indicator of prognosis, with a longer DUP associated with more long term disability.
Components of the model.
There are a number of functional components of the early psychosis model, and they can be structured as different sub-teams within early psychosis services. The emerging pattern of sub-teams are currently:
Early psychosis treatment teams.
Multidisciplinary clinical teams providing an intensive case management approach for the first three to five years. The approach is similar to assertive community treatment, but with an increased focus on the engagement and treatment of this previously untreated population and the provision of evidence based, optimal interventions for clients in their first episode of psychosis. For example, the use of low-dose antipsychotic medication is promoted ("start low, go slow"), with a need for monitoring of side effects and an intensive and deliberate period of psycho-education for patients and families that are new to the mental health system. Interventions to prevent a further episodes of psychosis (a "relapse") and strategies that encourage a return to normal vocation and social activity are a priority. There is a concept of phase specific treatment for acute, early recovery and late recovery periods in the first episode of psychosis.
Early detection function.
Interventions aimed at improving the detection and engagement of those early in the course of their psychotic conditions. Key tasks include being aware of early signs of psychosis and improving pathways into treatment. Teams provide information and education to the general public and assist GPs with recognition and response to those with suspected signs, for example: EPPIC's Youth Access Team (YAT) (Melbourne); OPUS (Denmark); TIPS (Norway); REDIRECT (Birmingham); LEO CAT (London).
Prodrome clinics.
Prodrome or at risk mental state clinics are specialist services for those with subclinical symptoms of psychosis or other indicators of risk of transition to psychosis. The Pace Clinic in Melbourne, Australia, is considered one of the origins of this strategy, but a number of other services and research centers have since developed.
History.
Early intervention in psychosis is a preventative approach for psychosis that has evolved as contemporary recovery views of psychosis and schizophrenia have gained acceptance. It subscribes to a "post Kraepelin" concept of schizophrenia, challenging the current assumptions originally promoted by Emil Kraepelin in the 19th century, that schizophrenia (or dementia praecox) was a condition with a progressing and deteriorating course. The work of Post whose kindling model, together with Fava and Kellner, who first adapted staging models to mental health, provided an intellectual foundation. Psychosis is now formulated within a diathesis–stress model, allowing a more hopeful view of prognosis, and expects full recovery for those with early emerging psychotic symptoms. It is more aligned with psychosis as continuum (such as with the concept of schizotypy) with multiple contributing factors, rather than schizophrenia as simply a neurobiological disease.
Within this changing view of psychosis and schizophrenia, the model has developed from a divergence of several different ideas, and from a number of sites beginning with the closure of psychiatric institutions signaling move toward community based care. In 1986, the Northwick Park study discovered an association between delays to treatment and disability, questioning the service provision for those with their first episode of schizophrenia. In the 1990s, evidence began to emerge that cognitive behavioural therapy was an effective treatment for delusions and hallucinations. The next step came with the development of the EPPIC early detection service in Melbourne, Australia in 1996 and the prodrome clinic led by Alison Yung. This service was an inspiration to other services, such as the West Midlands IRIS group, including the carer charity Rethink Mental Illness; the TIPS early detection randomised control trial in Norway; and the Danish OPUS trial. In 2001, the United Kingdom Department of Health called the development of early psychosis teams "a priority". The International Early Psychosis Association, founded in 1998, issued an international consensus declaration together with the World Health Organisation in 2004. Clinical practice guidelines have been written by consensus.
Clinical outcome evidence.
A number of studies have been carried out to see whether the early psychosis approach reduces the severity of symptoms, improves relapse rates, and decreases the use of inpatient care, in comparison to standard care. A systematic review of randomised controlled trials by the Cochrane Collaboration concluded that: "There is some support for specialised early intervention services, but further trials would be desirable, and there is a question of whether gains are maintained. There is some support for phase-specific treatment focused on employment and family therapy, but again, this needs replicating with larger and longer trials." Advocates of early intervention for psychosis have been accused of selectively citing findings that support the benefits of early intervention, but ignoring findings that do not.
Evidence on cost.
Studies have been published claiming that early psychosis services cost less than standard services, largely through reduced in-patient costs, and also save other costs to society. However, the claimed savings have been disputed. A 2012 systematic review of the evidence concluded that: "The published literature does not support the contention that early intervention for psychosis reduces costs or achieves cost-effectiveness".
Reform of mental health services.
United Kingdom.
The United Kingdom has probably made the most significant service reform with their adoption of early psychosis teams, with early psychosis now considered as an integral part of comprehensive community mental health services. "The Mental Health Policy Implementation Guide" outlines service specifications and forms the basis of a newly developed fidelity tool. There is a requirement for services to reduce the duration of untreated psychosis, as this has been shown to be associated with better long term outcome. The implementation guideline recommends:
Australia and New Zealand.
In Australia the EPPIC initiative provides early intervention services. In the Australian government's 2011 budget, $222.4 million was provided to fund 12 new EPPIC centres in collaboration with the states and territories. However, there have been criticisms of the evidence base for this expansion and of the claimed cost savings.
New Zealand has operated significant early psychosis teams for more than ten years, following the inclusion of early psychosis in a mental health policy document in 1997. There is a national early psychosis professional group, New Zealand Early Intervention in Psychosis Steering Group, organising training events and producing local resources.
Scandinavia.
Early psychosis programmes have continued to develop from the original TIPS services in Norway and the OPUS randomised trial in Denmark.
North America.
Canada has extensive coverage across most provinces, including established clinical services and comprehensive academic research in British Columbia (Vancouver), Alberta (EPT in Calgary), and Ontario (PEPP, FEPP). In the United States, the Early Assessment Support Alliance (EASA) is implementing early psychosis intervention throughout the state of Oregon.
Asia.
The first meeting of the Asian Network of Early Psychosis (ANEP) was held in 2004. There are now established services in Singapore and Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20769398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769398" title="Czech Republic–Iceland relations">
Czech Republic–Iceland relations

Czech-Iceland relations are foreign relations between the Czech Republic and Iceland. Both countries established diplomatic relations on 1 January 1993. The Czech Republic is represented in Iceland through an honorary consulate in Reykjavík. Iceland is represented in the Czech Republic through its embassy in Vienna (Austria) and through an honorary consulate in Prague.
Both countries are full members of NATO, of the Council of Europe and of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
State visits.
The first top-level meeting between the countries took place in 1997, when Czech Prime Minister Václav Klaus went to Iceland on a state visit. He met with his counterpart, Icelandic Prime Minister Davíð Oddsson to discuss NATO.
Czech President Václav Havel made an official visit to Iceland in 1999, meeting with Icelandic President Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson. Topics of discussion included NATO membership and the possibilities of its future expansion.
Václav Klaus, as Czech President, made a state visit to Iceland in 2005. He met Icelandic Prime Minister Halldór Ásgrímsson. During the visit Klaus indicated support for Iceland's membership of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20769405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769405" title="Richard Troxell">
Richard Troxell

Richard Troxell is an American operatic tenor who has sung leading roles in the opera houses of North America, Europe and Asia since his professional debut in 1993. His signature roles include Lt. Pinkerton, which he sang in Frederic Mitterrand's 1995 film version of "Madame Butterfly" and Don José in "Carmen" which he has sung at the Sydney Opera House, the Teatro Petruzzelli in Italy, and the National Center for the Performing Arts in Beijing.
Life and career.
Troxell was born and raised in Thurmont, Maryland. He graduated from the Academy of Vocal Arts in Philadelphia in 1992 and made his professional debut in 1993 as Alfredo in "La traviata" with Cleveland Opera. His earliest roles included Tybalt in "Roméo et Juliette" (Théâtre du Capitole, Toulouse and Opéra-Comique, Paris), Tamino in "The Magic Flute" (Virginia Opera) and the title role in "Faust" (Boston Lyric Opera).
In 1995, Troxell appeared as Lt. Pinkerton in Frederic Mitterrand's 1995 film version of "Madame Butterfly", a role he had never sung before and had to learn for the audition. He went on to sing Pinkerton many times, including performances with Opéra de Montréal, Los Angeles Opera, Arizona Opera, and Portland Opera. His filmography also includes "Cyrano de Bergerac" (as Christian with Roberto Alagna in the title role), filmed at the Opéra National de Montpellier in 2003 and released on DVD by Deutsche Grammophon; and "La rondine" (as Prunier with Ainhoa Arteta in the title role), filmed at Washington Opera in 1998, broadcast on PBS and later released on DVD by Decca.
In the 2005/2006 season Troxell added the role of Don José in "Carmen" to his repertoire and has subsequently sung it with Portland Opera and at the Sydney Opera House, the Teatro Petruzzelli in Italy, and the National Center for the Performing Arts in Beijing. His other roles in the mainstream tenor repertoire have included Rodolfo in "La bohème", the title role in "The Tales of Hoffmann", the Duke in "Rigoletto", and Lensky in "Eugene Onegin". However, he has also appeared in leading tenor roles in relative rarities such as Gounod's "La colombe" with Opéra Français de New York (1997), Offenbach's "La Périchole" with the Opera Company of Philadelphia (2002), Gluck's "L'île de Merlin" in its US premiere at the Spoleto Festival USA (2007), Hérold's "Zampa" at the Opéra-Comique (2008), and Philip Glass's "Galileo Galilei" with Portland Opera (2012). He has sung in the world premieres of two late-20th century operas with Opera Theatre of St. Louis—in 1995 he created the role of Joel Edmund in the world premiere of Stephen Paulus's "The Woman at Otowi Crossing", and in 2000 he created the role of To-no-Chujo in the world premiere of Minoru Miki's "The Tale of Genji".
Among Troxell's performances on the concert stage as tenor soloist are Weill's "The Seven Deadly Sins" (Philadelphia Orchestra, 2004), "Carmina Burana" (San Francisco Symphony, 2005), and Handel's "Messiah" (Pittsburgh Symphony, 2009). He has also been a frequent performer at the Ocean City Pops concerts.
Personal life.
Troxell is married to the dancer and choreographer, Lisa Lovelace. The couple have two sons, and reside in the countryside of Chester County, Pennsylvania.
Recordings.
Opera
Concert and song

</doc>
<doc id="20769422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769422" title="Imagine This">
Imagine This

Imagine This is a musical with music by Shuki Levy, lyrics by David Goldsmith and a book by Glenn Berenbeim. Set in the Warsaw Ghetto during World War II, it focuses on a family of actors trying to stage a play about the siege at ancient Masada to inspire hope and optimism within the Jewish community.
"Professor David Roskies of the Jewish Theological Seminary has written that a little known poem, Masada, by Isaac Lamdan 'more than any other text inspired the uprising in the Warsaw ghetto'".
Background.
Israeli composer Levy had long nurtured an interest in writing a show about the siege at Masada around 70 CE. He took the music that he had written for the subject to television writer Berenbeim, who resisted the idea, particularly the mass suicide ending of the historical story. But then he decided that the story could work as a play-within-a-play about actors in the Warsaw Ghetto. He told "The Times", "I was suddenly interested in the story for its metaphorical value, not its robes and sandals." Goldsmith joined the team, relishing the chance to write for the serious story.
Productions.
After a tryout at the Theatre Royal in Plymouth in July 2007, the musical opened in the West End at the New London Theatre on 19 November 2008, following previews from 4 November 2008. It closed on 20 December 2008. Directed by Timothy Sheader, with choreography by Liam Steel, the cast featured Peter Polycarpou and Leila Benn Harris.
An Original London Cast Recording was released through Dress Circle in the UK. A DVD of the London production was also released.
The filmed version of the West End production aired throughout 2010 on PBS stations in over 40 markets in the United States, as part of their pledge drives and regular programming. It was broadcast with a panel discussion moderated by Neal Gabler, which included director Timothy Sheader, cast members Peter Polycarpou, Sarah Ingram and Roy Litvin, and Holocaust scholar Thane Rosenbaum.
Synopsis.
After a glimpse of happier times in Poland before World War II, the scene shifts to 1942 in the Warsaw Ghetto. There, a company of actors is headed by actor-manager Daniel Warshowsky. Daniel's wife is taken by Nazis. 
As the company rehearses a play, Adam, a resistance fighter, bursts in and is hidden by the actors. The Nazis follow and arrest Daniel's son. Being one actor short, Daniel tells Adam he will have to play his son's part. Adam tells the company about the fate awaiting those who board the train to Treblinka. He believes that it is necessary to resist the Nazis. Daniel, on the other hand, believes in theatre as a way to help the Ghetto inhabitants escape the horrible reality in which they live ("Imagine This"). 
Daniel and the company stage a play about the siege and mass suicide of the Jews at the fortress at Masada around 70 CE by the Roman Empire. The story of the resistance in ancient times parallels the determination by the inhabitants of the Warsaw Ghetto in 1942 to resist the Nazis. Daniel plays the leader of the ancient rebellion, Eleazar, and his daughter Rebecca plays Eleazar's daughter Tamar. Tamar is loved by the Roman General Silva, played by Adam. Just before the interval, the Nazis board the stage and promise the audience two loaves of bread and a jar of jam if they board the trains to "a new life in the east" on the following morning. They ask the Jews to bring a suitcase each, containing their most precious belongings. 
The Nazis offer Daniel and his company safe passage to Switzerland if they carry on with the play in order to keep the Jews calm. The company struggles to decide between collaboration with the Nazis in return for their freedom and life, and sacrifying themselves in order to warn their audience. They decide that those who support standing for the truth will get up after the scene of mass suicide in Masada. When the scene is complete, they get up one by one until all stand. When the play draws to a close, the Masada landscape is lowered to reveal graffiti written by the actors warning the Jews not to board the train. The outraged Nazis storm the stage, push the company (except Rebecca and Adam) off the stage and murder them (off stage). Adam fights Captain Blick (the Nazi commander), and Rebecca grabs Blick's pistol and shoots him. Adam and Rebecca are presumed to survive. 
All the characters return in their pre-war attire to sing "Imagine This".
Critical reception.
In spite of several four-star reviews, including the "Sunday Telegraph" ("A Triumph" "I adore this show" "4-stars"), the "London Paper" ("A mesmerising journey"), "London Lite" ("Bursting with drama" - 4 stars), Spoonfed.co.uk ("It must be rated a triumph"), "The West End Whingers" ("We were humming the tunes the next day. Extraordinary") and others, the musical closed after two weeks of previews and a month of regular performances upon receiving generally poor reviews from the mainstream British critics, with "many papers attacking it for trivializing the Holocaust". The press questioned whether, during the current economic woes, audiences want to see such a dark story. Echoing a number of the reviews, a writer in "The Guardian" criticized the "cavalier" treatment of the subject and contended that critics were right to question whether "the Holocaust was being co-opted to legitimise and lend cachet to deficient art."
However, some of those critics, namely Norman Lebrecht, reviewed the musical without ever having seen it, getting on the radio and boasting as much in a radio interview with producer Beth Trachtenberg. Its proximity in opening a mere six weeks after the global economic crisis of 2008 no doubt played its role as well in posting its early notice.
Ultimately some redemption did arrive for the show with the announcement of the season's What's On Stage Theatregoer's Awards, for which Imagine This received four nominations, those for Best Scenic Design (Eugene Lee), Best Supporting Actor (Michael Matus), Best Actress (Leila Benn Harris) and Best Musical (Glenn Berenbeim, Shuki Levy, and David Goldsmith).

</doc>
<doc id="20769436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769436" title="Lučine">
Lučine

Lučine (in older sources also "Lučna", ) is a village in the hills south of Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Lučine was first attested in written sources as "Lutschen" in 1291 and "Lutsschen" in 1318. The name Lučine, like similar toponyms (e.g., "Luče", "Leutschach" < "Lučane"), is derived from the Slavic personal name "*Ľubъkъ" and likely refers to an early inhabitant of the place. In the 19th century the German name was "Lutschna".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Vitus () and stands in the eastern part of the settlement in the middle of a cemetery. The original Late Gothic church was extended and a belfry was added in 1669. In 1898 the old church, apart from the belfry, was demolished to make way for an entirely new building. The current church has a rectangular nave with side chapels and an octagonal presbytery walled on three sides. The church was designed by Anton Jeblinger in 1897 and the stonework was executed by Peter Bevk from 1898 to 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="20769441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769441" title="Iceland–Latvia relations">
Iceland–Latvia relations

Iceland–Latvia relations are foreign relations between Iceland and Latvia. Iceland was the first country to recognize the independence of Latvia in August 1991. Both countries re-established diplomatic relations on August 22, 1991. Neither country has a resident ambassador. Iceland is represented in Latvia through its embassy in Helsinki (Finland). Latvia is represented in Iceland through its embassy in Oslo (Norway) and an honorary consulate in Reykjavík.
Both countries are full members of the Council of the Baltic Sea States, of NATO, and of the Council of Europe.
History.
On 9 October 2000 Indulis Bērziņš, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Latvia, and Kornelius Sigmundsson, Ambassador of the Republic of Iceland to Latvia signed the Agreement between the Government of the Republic of Latvia and the Government of the Republic of Iceland on Co-operation in the Field of Tourism. Bērziņš pointed out that "this is a new sign in the co-operation between Latvia and Iceland" and expressed the support to Latvia's participation in the NATO and integration into the EU. He also positively evaluated co-operation between Iceland and Latvia in the framework of the United Nations.
In 2006 Icelandair acquired LatCharter Airlines.
In January 2009, Latvian President Valdis Zatlers presented letters of accreditation to Latvia's new ambassador extraordinary and plenipotentiary to the Republic of Iceland, Andris Sekacis noting the close and friendly bilateral relationship between Latvia and Iceland which has remained in place since 1991, when Iceland was the first foreign country in the world to recognize Latvia's independence. The President expressed his hope that Sekacis will make a major investment in ensuring that the relationship between Latvia and Iceland continues to be successful.

</doc>
<doc id="20769457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769457" title="Closer (Michael Paynter song)">
Closer (Michael Paynter song)

"Closer" is the debut single from Australian singer-songwriter, Michael Paynter. It was released physically and digitally on 28 June 2008. The single was used in the Network 7's advertisements for Australian TV series, "City Homicide".
Chart performance.
"Closer" peaked at number sixty one on the ARIA Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20769459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769459" title="Alive 2006/2007">
Alive 2006/2007

Alive 2006/2007 was a concert tour by French electronic music duo Daft Punk, their first tour as a group since 1997. While the 2006 concerts were not given a formal title, the 2007 performances were advertised as "Alive 2007". The 2006 performances and 2007 tour as a whole was later retroactively named "Alive 2006/2007".
The tour was met with praise and critical acclaim. "The Times" described Daft Punk's set as a "memorable sensory spectacle, both dazzling and deafening".
History.
The visuals of the tour were set up by XL Video. The company provided eight-core Mac Pro units running Catalyst v4 and Final Cut Pro. Daft Punk approached the company with their visual concept for the shows. "They came to us with a pretty fixed idea of what they wanted," said head of XL Video, Richard Burford. "They wanted to mix live video with effects. Using the eight-core Mac Pros, we were able to take in eight digital sources and treat them as video streams. Then they could use Catalyst to coordinate the video with lighting effects and add their own effects in on the fly. The final digital video streams ran to LED screens."
At the start of 2006, Daft Punk announced plans for a number of special summer shows. On 29 April, Daft Punk performed at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival where they received a jubilant reception for their first U.S. performance since 1997. Thomas Bangalter had initially been reported as saying that there would be a DVD of their recent live set. He later emphasized his reluctance for such a release, as the duo felt that online amateur videos of their performances were more compelling than anything captured professionally. In an interview with the "Miami Herald" Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo stated that their 11 November appearance at the Bang Music Festival was their final for 2006 and that Daft Punk would conduct more performances in the future. The band later specified a date for a live show at Bercy, Paris for June 2007. Also reported were dates at the Wireless Festival and RockNess in June, the Oxegen festival in July and Lollapalooza in August. Daft Punk then announced a world tour called "Alive 2007".
Daft Punk played at the RockNess Festival by the banks of Loch Ness, Scotland on 10 June 2007 as the headline act in the 10,000 capacity Clash tent. To the crowd's displeasure, the show was delayed, but the crowd gave the duo a jubilant welcome when they appeared. Due to popularity, part of the tent was removed to allow thousands of people outside to see the show. On 16 June 2007 Daft Punk successfully headlined the third day of the O2 Wireless Festival to positive reaction and reviews. "The Times" described the set as a "memorable sensory spectacle, both dazzling and deafening" and "ThisisLondon" declared it "an almost faultless set of relentless electro euphoria".
Daft Punk headlined Stage 2/NME Stage at the Oxegen music festival on 8 July 2007. Their live set was preceded by a showing of the trailer for the film "Daft Punk's Electroma". Subsequent reports stated that the Daft Punk appearance was the highlight of the festival. "NME" wrote that the performance was "a robotic spectacular", while Shoutmouth described the set as "typically triumphant". Four days later, the duo played at Traffic Torino Free Festival in Parco della Pellerina in Turin, Italy.
Daft Punk headlined the AT&T stage on 3 August 2007, the first night of the Lollapalooza music festival in Chicago. Their show there was praised by Pitchfork Media stating that the experience of watching the performance "was a much-needed reminder of the still-potent power of communicative pop." On 5 August they performed at the International Centre in Toronto followed by an 9 August performance at KeySpan Park in Brooklyn, New York. The duo also headlined the Vegoose festival in Las Vegas on 27 October. They appeared at the festival along with bands Rage Against the Machine, Muse and Queens of the Stone Age. At the end of October, Daft Punk performed in Mexico City. The duo also performed on Friday 2 November 2007 at the Arena Monterrey in Monterrey, Mexico and Guadalajara.
Modular Records announced that Daft Punk would appear in Australia for an event in December 2007 called Never Ever Land. The announcement addressed years of speculation on whether Daft Punk would visit Australia for live performances. Daft Punk were supported by their regular acts SebastiAn and Kavinsky at the appearances, which had been announced as an extension to the "Alive 2007" tour. Never Ever Land toured to Melbourne at the Sidney Myer Music Bowl, Perth at the Esplanade, Brisbane at the Riverstage and finally Sydney at the Sydney Showground Main Arena. A Triple J interview with Pedro Winter (Busy P) revealed that Daft Punk's Sydney appearance on 22 December would be their final show for 2007 and the last to feature the pyramid light scheme. Tickets for the Australian tour sold more quickly than for any Daft Punk-related event in their history.
A live album entitled "Alive 2007", which featured the group's performance at the Palais Omnisports Bercy in Paris, was released in November 2007. The album won the Grammy Award for Best Electronic/Dance Album in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20769473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769473" title="Malenski Vrh">
Malenski Vrh

Malenski Vrh is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies in the hills north of Poljane.
Name.
The name Malenski Vrh literally means 'Mill Peak'. It is derived from "maln" 'mill'.

</doc>
<doc id="20769475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769475" title="Denmark–Iceland relations">
Denmark–Iceland relations

Denmark–Iceland relations are foreign relations between Denmark and Iceland. Iceland was a part of the Kingdom of Denmark from 1814 to 1918 and a separate kingdom in a personal union with Denmark until 1944, when Iceland declared independence. Denmark has an embassy in Reykjavík. Iceland has an embassy in Copenhagen and consulates-general in Nuuk and Tórshavn.
Both countries are full members of the Council of the Baltic Sea States, Nordic Council, NATO, and Council of Europe. There are around 18,000 Icelanders living in Denmark and 2,900 Danes living in Iceland.
The relationship between Iceland and Denmark remained close after Iceland's independence, and for many years Danish was taught as the second language in Iceland, and is still taught as a third language from seventh grade onward.
History.
19th century.
Iceland achieved home rule in 1874, and became a fully sovereign state in 1918, united with Denmark under a common king. 
In 1814, following the Napoleonic Wars, Denmark-Norway was broken up into two separate kingdoms via the Treaty of Kiel. Iceland, however, remained a Danish dependency. Throughout the 19th century, the country's climate continued to grow worse, resulting in mass emigration to the New World, particularly Manitoba in Canada. About 15,000 out of a total population of 70,000 left. However, a new national consciousness was revived, inspired by romantic and nationalist ideas from Continental Europe, and an Icelandic independence movement arose under the leadership of Jón Sigurðsson. In 1874, Denmark granted Iceland a constitution and limited home rule, which was expanded in 1904. The Icelanders abolished the monarchy in 1944.
20th century.
The German occupation of Denmark on 9 April 1940 severed communications between Iceland and Denmark. As a result, on 10 April, the Parliament of Iceland, Alþingi, elected to take control of foreign affairs, electing a provisional governor, Sveinn Björnsson, who later became the republic's first president. During the first year of World War II, Iceland strictly enforced a position of neutrality, taking action against both the United Kingdom and German forces violating the laws of neutrality. On 10 May 1940, "Operation Fork" was launched and UK military forces began an invasion of Iceland by sailing into Reykjavík harbor. The government of Iceland issued a protest against what it called a "flagrant violation" of Icelandic neutrality. On the day of the invasion, prime minister Hermann Jónasson read a radio announcement telling Icelanders to treat the British troops with the politeness as guests.
Following a referendum on 24 May 1944, Iceland formally became an independent republic on 17 June 1944. Since Denmark was still occupied by Nazi Germany, many Danes felt offended that the step should have been taken at this time. Despite this the Danish king, Christian X, sent a message of congratulations to the Icelandic people.

</doc>
<doc id="20769486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769486" title="Mlaka nad Lušo">
Mlaka nad Lušo

Mlaka nad Lušo is a small settlement above Luša in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Mlaka" to "Mlaka nad Lušo" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20769494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769494" title="Denmark–New Zealand relations">
Denmark–New Zealand relations

Denmark–New Zealand relations are the foreign relations between Denmark and New Zealand. neither country has a resident ambassador. Denmark is represented in New Zealand through its embassy in Canberra (Australia), a trade commission in Auckland, and honorary consulates in Auckland, Wellington, and Christchurch. New Zealand is represented in Denmark through its embassy in The Hague, (Netherlands) and an honorary consulate in Copenhagen. The New Zealand government describes relations as "good" and records a high degree of agreement on international affairs.
Both countries are full members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, and in certain contexts ally themselves with the United States. Denmark is a 'third party' to the UK-USA Security Agreement, of which New Zealand is a member.
History.
There is a small Danish community in New Zealand, descended from a group of early settlers who came to clear thick North Island bush, in the middle years of the 20th century, and stayed to found settlements including Dannevirke and Norsewood. A former Prime Minister and high-ranking churchman from Denmark, Danish Prime Minister, Bishop Ditlev Gothard Monrad, settled in Karere near Palmerston North in the 1860s, and set up the first dairy plant in the region. Monrad returned to Denmark after a stay of three years, but other members of his family stayed in New Zealand. He left behind his collection of art now housed at the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa. Other Danes came to the Seventy Mile Bush area in 1872 and founded the town which retains the Danish name of Dannevirke, commemorating the Danevirke in Slesvig. The other town created by the Danes was Norsewood.
In 1946, the two countries signed an agreement regarding 'exchange of notes', and other property held during World War II. In 2009 Carol Stigley was appointed by the Queen of Denmark, Her Majesty Queen Margrethe II as Consul General of Denmark to New Zealand.
Trade.
Denmark and New Zealand have been major competitors in the British food-products market since the early 1900s. Denmark's desire for access to the United Kingdom's dairy market influenced the negotiations for the United Kingdom's accession to the European Economic Community in the 1970s, and thus had a substantial impact on New Zealand's economy in the following years.
Agreements.
The two countries have agreements covering double taxation, pensions, and other social security payments. working holidays, and air services. New Zealand has encouraged immigration of temporary workers from Denmark, and vice-versa for working holidays by New Zealand citizens to Denmark.
Bilateral visits.
Queen Margrethe II of Denmark made an official state visit to New Zealand in February 1987. Other visits between the two nations include a November 1998 visit to New Zealand by Niels Helveg Petersen, the Danish Foreign Minister; and Phil Goff, the New Zealand Foreign Minister visiting Denmark in September 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20769495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769495" title="Arne Kildal">
Arne Kildal

Arne Kildal (10 December 1885 - 7 December 1972) was a Norwegian author, librarian and civil servant.
Background.
Arne Kildal was born in Kristiania, the son of politician Birger Kildal. He finished his secondary education in 1903, and took the cand.philol. degree before traveling to the United States to train as a librarian. He graduated with a Bachelor of Library Science from the State University of New York in 1907 and worked in the country for three years, including at the Library of Congress.
Career.
In 1910 he returned to Norway to become chief librarian at Bergen Public Library. From 1920 to 1925 he served as the Norwegian press attaché in Washington, D.C. In 1925, he took over as secretary general of Nordmanns-Forbundet, a cultural association for Norwegian-Americans, and served from 1925 to 1955, only interrupted by World War II from 1941 to 1945. He was also employed by the Norwegian Ministry of Church and Education from 1937 to 1949. In 1949 he was appointed as the first director of the Norwegian Directorate of Public Libraries, serving until 1956. Kildal chaired the Norwegian Library Association from 1913 to 1916 and 1929 to 1933, and the "Statens folkeopplysningsråd" from 1933 to 1950.
Honours.
Kildal was decorated with the Order of the Dannebrog and the Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="20769502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769502" title="Alphonse-Osias Gagnon">
Alphonse-Osias Gagnon

Alphonse-Osias Gagnon (December 31, 1860 – February 12, 1941) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and Bishop of Sherbrooke from 1927 to 1941.
Born in Bonsecours, Canada East, Gagnon studied at the Séminaire Saint-Charles-Borromée de Sherbrooke from 1875 to 1880. He was ordained a priest in 1883. From 1895 to 1897, he studied in Paris where he received a Master of Arts degree. Returning to Canada, he held different teaching positions at the Séminaire. In 1923, he was appointed Titular Bishop of Pegae and was appointed Bishop of Sherbrooke in 1927. He served until his death in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20769504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769504" title="Denmark–Norway relations">
Denmark–Norway relations

Denmark–Norway relations are foreign relations between Denmark and Norway. The countries have a very long history together: they were both part of the Kalmar Union between 1397 and 1523, and Norway was in Union with Denmark between 1537 and 1814.
The two countries established diplomatic relations in 1905, after Norway’s independence. Denmark has an embassy in Oslo. Norway has an embassy in Copenhagen.
Both countries are full members of the Nordic Council, Council of the Baltic Sea States, of NATO, and of the Council of Europe. There are around 15,000 Norwegians living in Denmark and around 20,000 Danes living in Norway.
Kalmar Union.
The Kalmar Union is a historiographical term meaning a series of personal unions that united the three kingdoms of Denmark, Norway (with Iceland, Greenland, Faroe Islands, Shetland, and Orkney), and Sweden (including Finland) under a single monarch, though intermittently and with a population less than 3,000,000.
The countries had not technically given up their sovereignty, nor their independence, but in practical terms, they were not autonomous, the common monarch holding the sovereignty and, particularly, leading foreign policy; diverging interests (especially the Swedish nobility's dissatisfaction over the dominant role played by Denmark and Holstein) gave rise to a conflict that would hamper the union in several intervals from the 1430s until the union's breakup in 1523 when Gustav Vasa became king of Sweden.
Norway and its overseas dependencies, however, continued to remain a part of the realm of Denmark–Norway under the Oldenburg dynasty for several centuries after the dissolution in 1814.
Denmark–Norway.
Denmark–Norway is the historiographical name for a former political entity consisting of the kingdoms of Denmark and Norway, including the originally Norwegian dependencies of Iceland, Greenland and the Faroe Islands. Following the strife surrounding the break-up of its predecessor, the Kalmar Union, the two kingdoms entered into another personal union in 1536 which lasted until 1814. The corresponding adjective and demonym is Dano-Norwegian.
The term "Kingdom of Denmark" is sometimes used to include both countries in the period 1536–1814, since the political and economic power emanated from Copenhagen, Denmark. The term covers the "royal part" of the Oldenburgs as it was in 1460, excluding the "ducal part" of Schleswig and Holstein. The administration used two official languages, Danish and German, and for several centuries both a Danish and German Chancery existed.
Denmark and Norway parted when the union was dissolved in 1814. Iceland, which legally became a Danish colony in 1814, became an independent country in 1944.
World War II.
Both Denmark and Norway were occupied by Germany with relatively light casualties.

</doc>
<doc id="20769506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769506" title="Ngoi Pēwhairangi">
Ngoi Pēwhairangi

Ngoi Pēwhairangi—in full, Te Kumeroa Ngoingoi Pēwhairangi, (29 December 1921- 29 January 1985) was a prominent teacher of, and advocate for, Māori language and culture, and the composer of many songs. She spearheaded the Māori Renaissance in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Biography.
She was born Te Kumeroa Ngoingoi Ngāwai on 29 December 1921 at Tokomaru Bay, on New Zealand's East Coast, the eldest of five children of Hori Ngāwai, a labourer and minister in the Ringatū faith from the Te Whānau-a-Ruataupare hapū of the Ngāti Porou iwi of Tokomaru Bay, and his wife Wikitoria Te Karu of Ngāti Tara Tokanui in the Hauraki region. She attended Hukarere Girls’ School.
Ngoi was a niece of Tuini Ngāwai, another prominent composer and promoter of the language and culture. In the early 1940s, Ngoi travelled around New Zealand in a fundraising drive for the war effort with the Hokowhitu-ā-Tū Concert Party. Her aunt, who founded the group, trained her in kapa haka performance and groomed her for leadership. She continued her involvement after the war.
In 1945 she married Rikirangi Ben Pēwhairangi of Tokomaru Bay. The only child of the marriage was a son, Terewai Pēwhairangi, but they fostered many other children.
Ngoi taught Māori language and tutored the Māori club at Gisborne Girls' High School for three years from 1973. In 1974 she also began teaching a course of Māori studies in Gisborne for the University of Waikato. In 1977, Kara Puketapu, the new secretary of the Department of Māori Affairs called on her assistance in setting up Tū Tangata, a scheme that targeted at-risk Māori youth in the cities, and attempted to connect them with their iwi. She continued working for the Department as an adviser, and was involved in the preliminary consultations that led to the establishment of the kōhanga reo movement, which saw children receiving their schooling in Māori.
From 1978 on, she was an adviser to the National Council of Adult Education. In this capacity she promoted Māori language and culture around the country, especially in rural areas. She was the co-founder, with Katerina Mataira, of the highly acclaimed Te Ataarangi programme of teaching Māori, which was the basis of a TV programme and a series of books, "Te reo" (1985).
Among Pākehā who have heard of her, she is best known as the composer of the poi song "Poi E", which topped New Zealand charts in 1984 in a recording by Dalvanius Prime and the Patea Māori Club, and sold 15,000 copies.
She died in Tokomaru Bay on January 29, 1985. Her "tangihanga" (funeral) was held at Pākirikiri Marae. A "waiata tangi" (lament) composed for her by Dr. Timoti Karetu was for a number of years the signature piece of the kapa haka group of the Te Tumu School of Māori, Pacific and Indigenous Studies at the University of Otago.

</doc>
<doc id="20769518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769518" title="J. Ezra Merkin">
J. Ezra Merkin

Jacob Ezra Merkin (born April 19, 1953) is a former money manager and financier. He was a close business associate of Bernard Madoff, and is alleged to have played a significant part in the Madoff fraud. He served as the Non-executive Chairman of GMAC until his resignation on January 9, 2009, at the insistence of the U.S. government. He was the general partner of Gabriel Capital LP, a $5 billion group of hedge funds which was dissolved in 2008 after heavy losses in the Madoff fraud.
On April 6, 2009, Merkin was charged with civil fraud by the state of New York, for "secretly steering $2.4 billion in client money into Bernard Madoff's Ponzi fraud without their permission." On May 18, 2009, Merkin agreed to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo's demands to step down as manager of his hedge funds and place them into receivership.
Personal.
He is the son of Hermann Merkin, a prominent banker, philanthropist, and Ursula Merkin. He is the brother of Daphne Merkin, a writer. He and his wife, Lauren, have four children.
On May 20, 2009, he resigned as President of Fifth Avenue Synagogue, which was founded by his father in 1959. Members include some of his largest Madoff-related investors, losing in total, more than $ 1 billion.
Merkin attended Ramaz, an Upper East Side Modern Orthodox prep school, Yeshivat Kerem B'Yavneh and Yeshivat Har Etzion yeshivas in Israel, then Columbia University and Harvard Law School.
In 1995, he paid $11 million for an 18-room duplex formerly owned by Ron Perelman, a member of his synagogue, at 740 Park Avenue, "the world's richest apartment Building," In 2003, he began to collect 12 Mark Rothko paintings, the largest private collection in the world, worth an estimated $150 million. The Rothkos were sold in 2008, under an agreement with the receiver, for $320 million.
Merkin also owns a home in Atlantic Beach, New York, valued at $1.7 million, and a property in Eagle County, Colorado, worth $506,000.
Business background.
“It’s very, very difficult for Ezra to make decisions. He worried about the big picture, fretted over allocations. His gift was that he was a world-class salesman. He recognized that many people didn’t have (investment decision) confidence, that if people had confidence in him, then he could give them confidence,” said one money manager who worked with him over the years.
From 1979–82, he worked for the law firm Milbank Tweed. He worked at Halcyon Investments from 1982 to 1985. He moved on to Wall Street finance, his father’s business, working at a hedge fund run by Alan Slifka, his father's friend. There he met Joel Greenblatt, who founded Gotham Capital in 1985, where Merkin worked until 1988, as an analyst and a managing partner in Gotham Capital LP and Ariel Capital LP.
In 1988, he started Gabriel Capital to raise capital, and funnel it to managers in exchange for a fee. By 1992, Merkin was raising money and co-managing securities with and for Stephen A. Feinberg, a manager whose private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management, later bought controlling shares in Chrysler (80%) and GMAC (51%, at a cost of $ 6.4 billion), the financing arm of General Motors. Merkin invested his funds into Cerberus and its portfolio companies. His Gabriel fund invested $79 million in Chrysler, $66 million in GMAC, and $67 million in Cerberus partnerships, according to year-end statements.
On March 30, 2009, it was announced that Cerberus would lose its controlling stake in Chrysler.
In 2005, Cerberus and Gabriel bought a 9.9% combined interest in Bank Leumi, but in April 2009, decided to sell in order to boost liquidity due to their substantial financial losses in 2008.
Merkin manages Ascot Partners LP, a hedge fund which was valued at $1.8 billion prior to the collapse of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC.
GMAC.
In 2006, Cerberus appointed Merkin as nonexecutive Chairman.
In a statement, on December 10, 2008, GMAC said, "GMAC LLC, the auto and home lender seeking federal aid, hasn’t obtained enough capital to become a bank holding company and may abandon the effort, casting new doubt on the firm’s ability to survive. A $38 billion debt exchange by GMAC and its Residential Capital LLC mortgage unit to reduce the company's outstanding debt and raise capital hasn’t attracted enough participation." This was in part because Cerberus had raised the credit requirements for car loans so high, virtually eliminating leasing, that they have been responsible for a sizable chunk of lost sales at GM due to customers' inability to secure financing, in order to pressure GM into selling or trading their remaining stake in GMAC.
As of October 15, 2008, GMAC had $173 billion of debt against $140 billion of income-producing assets (loans and leases), some which are almost worthless, in addition to GMAC Bank’s $17 billion in deposits (a liability). Even if GMAC liquidated the loans and leases, it couldn’t pay back all of its debt.
In January 2009, Merkin resigned from his chairmanship as a condition of the U.S. government.
Five days earlier, the Federal Reserve granted GMAC bank holding company status, so it could obtain access to bailout money.
On December 29, 2008, the U.S. Treasury gave GMAC $5 billion from its $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP).
Victor Teicher.
Victor Teicher specialized in merger-related investments. In 1988 he was indicted for insider trading, convicted in 1990, and in 1994 jailed for a year.
In August 1998, Merkin again hired Teicher to manage about $1 billion as an independent operator, paying him $1 million a year plus incentives. In 1988 Merkin began putting a substantial portion of the money he raised for Gabriel Capital with Teicher. From 1988 to 1998, Teicher actually managed Merkin’s off-shore, Ariel fund and Gabriel Capital.
Merkin “occupied himself primarily with raising money for the funds using his extensive social and professional network.”
While in jail, Teicher was running about $375 million from Merkin's investors. In January 1995, Merkin took over Teicher's staff, put Gabriel Capital’s name on the door, and hired Nathan Leight to manage the money.
Teicher had told Merkin not to invest with Madoff because such steady returns were impossible.
“You, however, took a brilliant career and actively, willingly, wiped your ass with it when it was obvious that you (knew what you) were doing.”
“The Madoff news is hilarious; hope you negotiate out of this mess as well as possible ...Unfortunately, you’ve paid a big price for a lesson on the cost of being greedy.”
"I guess you did such a good job in fooling a lot of people, you ultimately fooled yourself...a man's name tells you who he is; Madoff made off with the money.
Bernard Madoff scandal.
Merkin kept two 2001 news articles questioning Madoff's returns – one published in "Barron's" and one by a hedge fund newsletter called "MARHedge".
In the early 1990s Jack Nash, former chairman of Oppenheimer & Company and a pioneer of the modern hedge fund industry, had briefly invested with Madoff, but pulled his cash out after a closer look. He told Merkin numerous times over the years that he was suspicious of Madoff's steady profits. Madoff had given vague answers to questions about his investment strategy in meetings with Nash and his son Joshua, also a successful investor. In 1982, Nash co-founded the hedge fund Odyssey Partners after selling Oppenheimer for $163 million. He and his partner, Leon Levy, built Odyssey into a $3.3 billion investment firm before closing the fund in 1997. During its 14 years, the firm earned an average return of 22.4 percent a year for its investors.
Merkin's sister, Daphne has opined in writing, that investors considered Madoff as being part of an extended Jewish family, giving the appearance he was trustworthy, having their best interests at heart, and a nice guy.
By 1992, Bernie Madoff began underwriting Merkin's lifestyle. Merkin collected an annual fee of 1 – 1.5% of the funds' total assets. By 2005, Merkin earned about $35 million a year simply for funneling money to Madoff. Merkin invested personally and through family trusts and foundations $7 million in Ascot in its first six years, and less than $2 million over the following 10 years. He did not reinvest his $169 million in management fees for the years 1995 to 2007 back into his Ascot.
On December 11, 2008, Federal Bureau of Investigation agents arrested Bernard Madoff on a tip-off from his sons, Andrew and Mark, and charged him with one count of securities fraud. On the day prior to his arrest, Madoff told his senior executives at the firm that the management and advisory segment of the business was "basically, a giant Ponzi scheme."
In an official letter distributed to alumni, students, faculty, and administration, Yeshiva University President Richard Joel stated that Merkin, who was Chairman of the University Investment Committee, managing its endowment of almost $1.8 billion (as of about 2 years ago), had invested about $112 million in his own hedge fund, Ascot Partners, which was almost solely invested with the Madoff fund. In actuality, it was an initial investment of $14 million that became falsely inflated to $112 million over time. As such, Merkin collected an initial fee of one percent and later 1.5 percent, standard for all of Yeshiva’s money managers on whose Board of Trustees he sat. He collected over $2 million in fees, almost $1 million for Ascot alone. In fourteen years, the fund grew 9 percent a year, even after subtracting losses for Madoff and expenses. He made at least $10 million from Yeshiva over his tenure.
Over 30 charities invested with Ezra, many of them with a Jewish affiliation.
According to the "New York Post", as a result of the alleged fraud, members of Manhattan's Fifth Avenue Synagogue, for which Merkin served as president, "suffered a $2 billion bloodbath." Through introductions by President Merkin, Madoff, a non-member, gained access to some of the wealthiest Jews in America.
They include: Ronald O. Perelman, the financier and corporate raider; Ira Rennert, who made a fortune in junk bonds and the Hummer; Mort Zuckerman, the real estate magnate who owns "The New York Daily News", and as a Madoff intermediary with Elie Wiesel, the Nobel Peace Prize winner, who lost much of his personal wealth and the endowment of the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity.
Spring Mountain Capital LP, invested in three Merkin-led funds. $35 million in Madoff investments amounted to 4.4 percent of Spring Mountain's $800 million in hedge-fund fund-of-funds investments, but Madoff represented as much as 7 percent of at least one fund.
John "Launny" Steffens, former executive of Merrill Lynch, managing director of Spring Mountain Capital LP], invested about $40 million with Merkin’s Ascot Partners LP and was aware of their heavy Madoff exposure. Daniel Tully, 77, and David Komansky, 69, each a former chairman and chief executive officer, and colleague, Barry Friedberg, also lost money in the Merkin fund.
Civil fraud charge.
On January 15, 2009, New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo issued subpoenas to three investment funds run by Merkin, and 15 nonprofits which say they lost money due to Merkin and Madoff. The investigation examined
On April 6, 2009, New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo filed civil fraud charges
In addition, the complaint accused Merkin of improperly commingling his personal funds with his hedge fund accounts and using some of the money to buy artwork worth more than $91 million. Mr. Cuomo’s office is seeking restitution and unspecified damages from Mr. Merkin.
Madoff depended on feeder funds to funnel investor deposits directly to him. In 2000, Merkin told investors in his Gabriel and Ariel funds that he was investing in distressed assets and bankruptcies when he actually transferred more than one third of each of those funds' money to Madoff.
Merkin's Ascot Partners formed in 1992, held $1.7 billion from 300 investors, and earned him $25.5 million per year by the end of December, 2008. He advised investors that only 15% of the fund was invested with Madoff.
On December 11, 2008, Merkin informed investors in his $1.8 billion Ascot Partners fund that he was among those who suffered substantial personal losses, since all of the fund's dollars were invested with Madoff. Many of them were not aware or told of the connection to Madoff, and Merkin denied any connection to Madoff when asked by an investor. Merkin lied to a client that his investment was with Morgan Stanley, and protected.
Lawsuits.
On December 16, 2008, the New York Law School filed a lawsuit against Merkin, Ascot Partners, and its auditor BDO Seidman, LLP after losing its $3 million investment in Ascot. The lawsuit charged Merkin with recklessness, gross negligence, and breach of fiduciary duties. Merkin has been sued for his role in running a "feeder fund" for Madoff.
On December 23, 2008, New York University filed a lawsuit to recover $24 million lost in the Ariel Fund, Ltd. and the Gabriel Capital Corp. It claims that the university was unaware Merkin was actually turning NYU’s money over to Madoff. NYU states that in 1994 Merkin was warned by then-manager of the Ariel Fund, Victor Teicher, that Madoff was delivering impossible returns. Teicher worked for Merkin while serving time in federal prison in New Jersey for insider trading. The substance of Merkin's due diligence was to ask Madoff directly, if Teicher was correct. Attorney Andrew J. Levander represents both Merkin and Teicher; the latter is petitioning the SEC for reinstatement.
The case is New York University v. Ariel Fund Ltd. 603803/2008 in New York State Supreme Court (Manhattan).
In December 2008, the Calibre Fund, which invested $10 million with Merkin’s Ascot Partners LP, and other Merkin investors claimed in federal suits that he misled them by claiming he invested in a “diverse portfolio of securities.”
On March 4, 2009, Nephrology Associates PC Pension Plan filed a class action lawsuit in district court.
On March 10, 2009, Howard Schiffman, attorney for the Ariel Fund requested that New York State Supreme Court Justice Richard Lowe III lift an order prohibiting assets from being transferred out of the Ariel Fund, because Merkin wanted to wind down the fund. The order prevents the Ariel Fund from engaging counsel to file claims against the estate of Bernard Madoff's firm; from paying its lawyers in the NYU lawsuit; and from paying attorneys to assist in its efforts to cooperate with government probes into Madoff's fraud. The Ariel Fund is a Cayman Islands fund, with an independent board of directors and administrator located in the Cayman Islands.
On April 6, 2009, Mort Zuckerman, chairman of Boston Properties Inc. and publisher of the "New York Daily News", filed a lawsuit against Merkin and his Gabriel Capital LP. The lawsuit claims fraud and negligent representation and seeks unspecified punitive damages. Merkin had a “huge incentive not to disclose Madoff’s role, especially to investors like Zuckerman,” because he charged clients “substantial fees” to manage both his Ascot Partners LP and Gabriel Capital. The lawsuit claims over $40 million in losses for placing his assets with Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC without his knowledge. Zuckerman invested $25 million with Merkin’s Ascot Fund in 2006 through his Charitable Remainder Trust, or CRT Investments Limited, and personally invested $15 million with Merkin’s Gabriel Capital. Merkin charged Zuckerman a 1.5% fee and imposed significant “lock-up restrictions on redemptions,", but his agreement with Gabriel Capital contains an arbitration clause against Merkin for his lost personal $15 million investment. The lawsuit also named the accounting firm BDO Seidman LLP, and a related entity called BDO Tortuga, as defendants.
The case is CRT Investments Ltd. v. J. Ezra Merkin, 601052/2009, filed in New York State Supreme Court (Manhattan).
Arbitrations.
On May 17, 2010, it was reported that, in the first case to reach verdict or award, an individual investor in Merkin's Ascot Partners L.P. hedge fund, Noel Wiederhorn MD, was awarded approximately $1.75 million by two members of a three-person arbitral panel, who found that "Merkin intentionally breached his fiduciary duty by not disclosing Madoff’s role in the fund". The arbitrators ordered Mr. Merkin to pay the investor, a New Jersey pediatrician, damages equal to 100% of his investments in Ascot, plus close to $300,000 in pre-award interest.
The reasoned award issued in this case is available on-line. In the award, the two arbitrators in the majority found that both Mr. Merkin and the investor "were victims," but that Mr. Merkin "did not make investor an informed investor with regard to how his $1,462,040 would be invested. Mr. Merkin did not disclose material information to investor about how he, the Managing Partner, 'managed' Ascot and why he was due 1.5% of assets under management." According to the majority: "Mr. Merkin should have acknowledged what the Panel concludes were his limitations to truly understand the options trading that was taking place and, because his fiduciary duties demanded it, he should have had someone in his office (or even outsourced services) ... do more than just accept what was being mailed to Ascot by Madoff Securities." The majority found that Merkin was "negligent" in his due diligence of Madoff but not "grossly negligent" (the contractual standard for the imposition of liability). While making an award on the pediatrician's non-disclosure and misrepresentation claims (and ordering complete restitution of the amounts invested), the majority denied the investor's claims for damages for emotional suffering, punitive damages, and attorneys' fees.
In dissent, the third panelist found, among other things, that the investor was aware of Mr. Madoff's role in Ascot and that Mr. Merkin had a right to rely on the documentation received from Madoff Securities as genuine, as so many other investors, and regulators, apparently did. The dissenter also found that the investor did not prove that Mr. Merkin acted with scienter, or an intent to defraud or mislead.
On May 17, 2010, the investor filed a special proceeding in state court in New York to convert the arbitral award into an enforceable judgment, a process known as confirmation. Mr. Merkin opposed the special petition. In August, 2010, Justice Richard B. Lowe granted the investor's petition to confirm and denied all relief to Mr. Merkin and his management company, Gabriel Capital Corporation. Mr. Merkin has disclosed that he intends to appeal Justice Lowe's rulings.
In September, 2010, it was disclosed that two New Jersey based fund-of-funds, Sandalwood Partners Funds A and B, won an arbitral award of $12.74 million from Mr. Merkin. These investors have also filed for confirmation in state Supreme Court in New York. The arbitral panel did not issue a reasoned award in the case. The Sandalwood investors invested in Mr. Merkin's Gabriel Capital, L.P., a fund which had entrusted approximately 30% of its assets to Mr. Madoff as of December 2008.
Bankruptcy case.
On May 7, 2009, Madoff Bankruptcy Trustee, Irving Picard filed a lawsuit
The case number is 08-01789 (BRL): IRVING H. PICARD, Trustee for the Liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC, v. J. EZRA MERKIN, GABRIEL CAPITAL, L.P., ARIEL FUND LTD., ASCOT PARTNERS, L.P., GABRIEL CAPITAL CORPORATION.
Receivership.
As of May 18, 2009, Merkin's control of Ascot, Gabriel and Ariel hedge funds are to be placed into receivership for liquidation by Guidepost Partners. One receiver will be responsible for managing the remaining money, nearly $1 billion, in the Gabriel and Ariel funds, and another will be responsible for overseeing Ascot, whose entire $1.8 billion in assets was lost to Madoff's Ponzi scheme. New York University has been given until the end of May, 2009 to review the agreement.
. Merkin collected over $470 million for managing three funds, Ariel, Gabriel and Ascot Partners, over the last decade. The three funds have about $1.4 billion in assets remaining with about $700 million in Ariel.
On June 22, 2012, Merkin agreed to pay back $405 million to investors in his hedge funds. Picard, however, sued in bankruptcy court to stop the settlement, saying it obstructed his own effort to obtain $500 million from Merkin and his funds for other investors.
Quotes.
"It is not easy to stay on the sidelines while others are busy getting rich. Wall Street, moreover, is constitutionally predisposed to overdo things. The stereotype imagines a Wall Street populated by bulls and bears. In reality, the Street itself is neither bull nor bear but shark, constantly shifting direction in an eternal search for food. This feeding process involves massive shifts of capital, which inevitably, is sometimes misallocated." – J. Ezra Merkin, writing in an introduction to a chapter in the 75th anniversary version of Graham and Dodd's Security Analysis.
"As long as investors remain human, and thus subject to greed, fear, pressure, doubt, and the entire range of human emotions, there will be money to be made by those who steel themselves to overcome emotion. Think of Graham and Dodd as embodying the spirit of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, who declared: 'Blest are those/Whose blood and judgement are so well commingled,/that they are not a pipe for Fortune's finger/to sound what stop she please.'" 

</doc>
<doc id="20769520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769520" title="Denmark–Sweden relations">
Denmark–Sweden relations

Denmark–Sweden relations are foreign relations between Denmark and Sweden. Both countries have a very long history together; both countries were part of the Kalmar Union between 1397 and 1523. There have been 11 Dano-Swedish wars between 1521 and 1814.
Today, the countries are separated by the Øresund, which links the Baltic Sea and the North Sea. Denmark has an embassy in Stockholm and 2 general consulates (in Göteborg and Malmö). Sweden has an embassy in Copenhagen and 16 honorary consulates (in Aabenraa, Aarhus, Aalborg, Esbjerg, Frederikshavn, Grenå, Helsingør, Holbæk, Kolding, Nuuk, Nykøbing Falster, Odense, Rønne, Skagen, Tórshavn and Viborg).
There exists an inherited cultural competition between Sweden and Denmark. From 1448 to 1790 the two kingdoms were at war nearly at every chance, in more than one case a new king trying to prove his worth by waging war on the other country for little or no political reason.
Both countries are full members of the Nordic Council, of the Council of the Baltic Sea States, of the Council of Europe, and of the European Union. Around 21,000 Swedish people live in Denmark and around 42,000 Danish people live in Sweden.
History.
Second Northern War.
The Second Northern War (1655–60 was fought between Sweden and its adversaries the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (1655–60), Russia (1656–58), Brandenburg-Prussia (1657–60), the Habsburg Monarchy (1657–60) and Denmark–Norway (1657–58 and 1658–60). The Dutch Republic often intervened against Sweden.
In 1655, Charles X Gustav of Sweden invaded and occupied western Poland-Lithuania, the eastern half of which was already occupied by Russia. The rapid Swedish advance became known in Poland as Swedish Deluge. The Grand Duchy of Lithuania became a Swedish fief, the Polish-Lithuanian regular armies surrendered and the Polish king John II Casimir Vasa fled to the Habsburgs. Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg and Duke of Prussia initially supported the estates in Royal Prussia, but allied with Sweden in return for receiving the Duchy of Prussia as a Swedish fief. Exploiting the hurt religious feelings of the Roman Catholic population under Protestant occupation and organizing Polish-Lithuanian military leaders in the Tyszowce Confederation, John II Casimir Vasa managed to regain ground in 1656. Russia took advantage of the Swedish setback, declared war on Sweden and pushed into Lithuania and Swedish Livonia.
Charles X Gustav then granted Frederick William I full sovereignty in the Duchy of Prussia in return for military aid, and in the Treaty of Radnot allied himself with the Transylvanian George II Rákóczi who invaded Poland-Lithuania from the southeast. John II Vasa found an ally in Leopold I of Habsburg, whose armies crossed into Poland-Lithuania from the southwest. This triggered Frederick III of Denmark's invasion of the Swedish mainland in the spring of 1657, in an attempt to settle old scores from the Torstenson War while Sweden was busy elsewhere. Brandenburg left the alliance with Sweden when granted full sovereignty in the Duchy of Prussia by the Polish king in the treaties of Wehlau and Bromberg.
Dano-Swedish War (1658–60).
The Dano-Swedish War of 1658–60 was a war between Denmark–Norway and Sweden. It was a continuation of an earlier conflict between the two belligerents which had ended just months earlier, after Sweden and Denmark brokered a peace agreement in Roskilde in 1658. In the aftermath of that conflict, the Swedish king Charles X Gustav desired to add the province of Royal Prussia in Poland to the Swedish realm, but his position in the region was not strong enough with the opposition of Brandenburg and Austria. However, the Danes stalled and prolonged the fulfillment of some provisions of the earlier peace; the Swedish king decided to use this as a pretext to attack with an ambitious goal: to vanquish Denmark as a sovereign state and raze the capital of Copenhagen. A quick and decisive defeat of Denmark was however only seen as a means to a greater end. The long-term goal was to wage war in Europe without fearing Danish interference.
Scanian War.
The Scanian War was a part of the Northern Wars involving the union of Denmark–Norway, Brandenburg and Sweden. It was fought mainly on Scanian soil, in the former Danish provinces along the border with Sweden and in Northern Germany. While the latter battles are regarded a theater of the Scanian war in English, Danish and Swedish historiography, they are seen as a separate war in German historiography, called the Swedish-Brandenburgian War.
The war was prompted by the Swedish involvement in the Franco-Dutch War. Sweden had allied with France against several European countries. The United Provinces, under attack by France, sought support from Denmark–Norway. After some hesitation, King Christian V started the invasion of the Scania (Skåneland) in 1675, while the Swedish were occupied with a war against Brandenburg. The invasion of Scania was combined with a simultaneous Norwegian front called the Gyldenløve Wae, forcing the defending Swedes to fight a two-front war in addition to their entanglements in the Holy Roman Empire.
Øresund Bridge.
In 1991, the Danish and Swedish governments signed an agreement to establish a fixed link across the Øresund. The agreement was ratified by the two countries parliaments in August of the same year. Øresundskonsortiet, a joint venture between A/S Øresund and SVEDAB AB, constructed the permanent link between Sweden and Denmark. The project cost more than DKK12 billion and comprises a 16.4 km (10-mile) link between Copenhagen and Malmö consisting of a tunnel, a bridge and an artificial island.

</doc>
<doc id="20769539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769539" title="Karin Graßhof">
Karin Graßhof

Karin Graßhof (born June 25, 1937 in Kiel) is a German jurist. She served as a judge at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany from 1986 to 1998. She is currently an honorary professor at the University of Bonn.

</doc>
<doc id="20769554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769554" title="Friedrich Georg Nissen">
Friedrich Georg Nissen

Friedrich Georg Nissen (28 October 1887 - 1969) is a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Bergen, and was a cand.jur. by education. He was hired in the Ministry of Social Affairs in 1915, and was promoted to subdirector in 1919. In 1924 he changed to the Ministry of Finance and Customs. He was promoted to deputy under-secretary of State in 1933 and permanent under-secretary of State in 1952, before retiring in 1957.
Nissen chaired the board of the Norwegian State Educational Loan Fund from 1947 to 1960, and was a member of the council NAVF from 1949 to 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20769560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769560" title="Denmark–Vietnam relations">
Denmark–Vietnam relations

Denmark–Vietnam relations relates to foreign relations between Denmark and Vietnam. Both countries established diplomatic relations on November 25, 1971. On April 1, 1994, Denmark established an embassy in Hanoi, and since August 12, 2000, Vietnam has had an embassy in Copenhagen.
Vietnamese migration.
Approximately 8,500 Vietnamese live in Denmark.
Agreements.
In 2002, the two countries signed an environment protection agreement.
In 2007, the two countries signed a framework agreement on the Danish general credit programme for Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="20769561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769561" title="Christian Bachmann">
Christian Bachmann

Christian Bachmann (23 November 1919 — 15 March 1945) was a Sturmbannführer (Major), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, an award given by Nazi Germany for extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership during World War II.
Christian Bachmann was born on the 23 November 1919 at Nordlingen in Schwaben.
He volunteered to join the SS and was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in June 1940. He was in 1941 commissioned as an officer, taking the rank Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant).
On further promotion to Obersturmführer(Senior Storm Leader) in September 3rd SS Division Totenkopf 1942, Bachmann was posted onto the staff of the III.Battalion, 1st Infantry Regiment, Totenkopf. In 1943 he was given command of the 11th Company, 5th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Totenkopf" and also awarded the German Cross in gold. In 1944 he was given command of the II.5th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment 5 "Totenkopf".
It was when in command of this Battalion that Bachman was sent to Budapest on 1 January 1945, and forced back the Soviet Union forces trying to take Budapest, several kilometers. It was for this action that he was awarded the Knight's Cross in February 1945.
Christian Bachmann was last seen on the 15 March 1945, northwest of Stuhlweissenburg in Hungary. He was shortly thereafter declared missing in action, and posthumously promoted to Sturmbannführer.

</doc>
<doc id="20769564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769564" title="Sandeé">
Sandeé

Sandra Tola Harvey ("née" Casañas, January 19, 1962 – December 15, 2008), professionally known as Sandée, was an American freestyle music vocalist and an original member of the trio Exposé from 1984 to 1986, along with Alejandra "Alé" Lorenzo and Laurie Miller.
As a solo artist, Sandée released the singles "You're the One" and "Notice Me" (produced by C + C Music Factory), and an album, "Only Time Will Tell", featuring the single "Love Desire". "You're the One" peaked at #11 on the "Billboard Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Single Sales" in 1987 and "Notice Me" peaked at #9 on the "Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play" chart in 1989.
Death and funeral.
On December 15, 2008, Sandée was found dead in her Hollywood, Florida, home. The cause of death was determined to be a severe seizure. Services were held for Sandra on Saturday December 20, 2008 at Fred Hunter's funeral home. She was 46.

</doc>
<doc id="20769565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769565" title="Scandinavian Tobacco Group">
Scandinavian Tobacco Group

Scandinavian Tobacco Group (STG) is the world’s largest manufacturer of cigars and pipe tobacco and still growing its business. Within fine-cut tobacco, the Group holds a strong position in the Scandinavian and US markets. The Group employs 9,500 people in, among other countries, the Dominican Republic, Honduras, Indonesia, Europe, Australia and the US. Scandinavian Tobacco Group is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, and is owned by the Danish foundations Augustinus and Obel and the listed company Swedish Match.
History.
The company was founded as the Scandinavian Tobacco Company in 1961.
During the reconstruction of 1990, all cigarettes manufacturing was gathered together in the new independent subsidiary company of House of Prince A/S and all Cigars manufacturing was gathered together in Nobel Cigars A/S – now ST Cigar Group Holding B. V.
In July 2008 the cigarette and snus operations of the company were acquired by British American Tobacco. The company retained its cigar, pipe tobacco, rolling tobacco, and tobacco bits businesses. 
In December 2008 the decision was made to change the company’s name to Scandinavian Tobacco Group.
On 26 April 2010 it was announced that the parties had signed an agreement to form a new company by combining all the tobacco business of Scandinavian Tobacco Group AB (STG) with the cigars and pipe tobacco business of Swedish Match AB (SM) (with the ex-ception of its US mass market cigars). After having obtained the required approvals from a number of national competition authorities, the transaction has been completed with effect from 1 October 2010.
Products.
STG's primary business is production and sales of cigars, pipe tobacco and rolling tobacco.
The Group has more than 200 brands. Its leading cigar brands include Café Crème, La Paz, Henri Wintermans, Colts, Mercator, Macanudo, CAO, Punch (US), Partagas (US) and Cohiba (US). The leading pipe tobacco brands are Erinmore, Borkum Riff, Colts, Captain Black and Clan, while the most important roll-your-own brands include Colts, Salsa, Bugler, Tiedemanns and Escort.
Business.
Today, STG is the largest manufacturer of cigars and pipe tobacco worldwide.
The Group employs approx 9,500 people, of whom 500 are in Denmark.
STG sells 3 billion cigars annually and has cigar sales to more than 100 countries, 20 sales companies in the US, Canada, Australia and most European countries. The Group has production facilities in Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, USA, Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, Honduras and Indonesia.
STG's smoking tobacco production takes place in Assens, Holstebro in Denmark and STG Lane in the US. STG sells 5,000 tons smoking tobacco annually in 70 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20769573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769573" title="Empress Xiao">
Empress Xiao

Empress Xiao (蕭皇后) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20769588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769588" title="Estonia–Latvia relations">
Estonia–Latvia relations

Estonia and Latvia, the two northernmost Baltic states, share 343 km of common borders. Both states share a long common history, having since the 13th century been ruled by the Livonian Order, Poland-Lithuania, Sweden and finally, until achieving independence 1918, the Russian Empire. They were both re-occupied by the USSR between 1945 and 1991. Both countries established diplomatic relations on January 3, 1992. Estonia has an embassy in Riga. Latvia has an embassy in Tallinn.
Common membership.
Both countries are full members of the Council of the Baltic Sea States, NATO and the European Union. The two countries were members of the Baltic Free Trade Area from 1994 until 2004 after which they joined the European Union.
Trade.
In 2006, Latvia accounted for 3% of Estonian exports. Latvia accounted for 5% of Estonian imports.
Agreements.
There are 15 bilateral agreements between the 2 countries many of them signed trilaterally with Lithuania.
Defence cooperation.
The three Baltic countries signed a trilateral defence agreement on 12 February 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20769595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769595" title="SIX">
SIX

SIX (Slovak Internet eXchange) is a Slovak internet exchange point, established at the Center of Computer Technology of Slovak University of Technology (STU). , the SIX interconnects 50 ISPs operating in the Slovak Republic, and has a peak traffic rate of 63.8 Gbit/s, making it the most significant exchange point in Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="20769600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769600" title="Eivind Erichsen">
Eivind Erichsen

Eivind Erichsen (28 January 1917 – 21 January 2005) was a Norwegian economist and civil servant.
He was born in Kristiania as a son of postmaster Erik Emanuel Erichsen (1884–1963) and Petra Antoine Olsen (1885–1930). In May 1944 he married Ingrid Holmboe. She was a great-grandniece of Bernt Michael and Christopher Andreas Holmboe. The couple had two children.
Erichsen graduated from the University of Oslo in 1943 with the cand.oecon. degree. This was during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, and he was imprisoned in Bredtveit concentration camp from 15 October 1943, then in Berg concentration camp from 29 October 1943 to 16 April 1944. He then worked in Statistics Norway to 1945, in the United States from 1945 to 1947 and as a consultant in the Ministry of Finance and Customs in 1947. In 1948 he succeeded Trygve Haavelmo as a subdirector in the Ministry of Trade. In 1951 the idea of appointing Erichsen as a State Secretary in the Ministry of Finance was discussed, but it did not happen. In 1952 Erichsen was promoted to deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Finance. Following a stint as a director in the Organisation for European Economic Co-operation from 1956 to 1957, he returned to Norway to served as permanent under-secretary of State of the Ministry of Finance from 1957 to 1986. He edged out the other applicants, Einar Grøstad and Sigurd Lorentzen, partly due to him being an economist and the other two being jurists. He had another leave of absence from 1967 to 1968, when he worked with planning in Pakistan.
He also chaired "Statens Friluftsråd" from 1965 to 1982. A festschrift was issued on his seventieth birthday, and in 1999 Erichsen released the retrospective "Glimt fra et langt liv i Finansdepartementet". He died in January 2005 in Oslo. He was decorated as a Commander with Star of the Order of St. Olav in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20769612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769612" title="Lorents Lorentsen">
Lorents Lorentsen

Lorents Lorentsen (born 5 March 1947) is a Norwegian civil servant.
A "candidatus oeconomices" by education, he was hired in Statistics Norway in 1979, and was promoted to head of research in 1987. He left in 1992 to become deputy under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Finance and Customs. He served as acting permanent under-secretary of State of the Ministry of Finance from 2002 to 2003, before being appointed as head of the Environment Directorate in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20769615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769615" title="Helga Seibert">
Helga Seibert

Helga Seibert (January 7, 1939 – April 12, 1999) was a German judge. She was a judge in the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany. She was born in Witzenhausen, and died in Munich.
Shortly before her death she won the Fritz Bauer Prize from the Humanist Union. The explanatory memorandum stated; "The fact that a civil rights organization honors a supreme judge, may seem unusual, but it is for your work towards the specific benefits of dealing with fundamental rights." 

</doc>
<doc id="20769619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769619" title="1975 Morris earthquake">
1975 Morris earthquake

The 1975 Morris earthquake occurred in Morris, Minnesota, on July 9, 1975 at 14:54:15 UTC, or 9:54 a.m. The strongest instrumentally recorded rupture in the history of the state, it registered at magnitude 4.6 on the Richter scale. It was the first earthquake to be recorded on any seismic instrument in the state since 1917. Tremors were felt over much of Minnesota, northern Iowa, and the eastern Dakotas.
Setting.
Minnesota is not a very tectonically active state; however, there is at least one fault zone in it, the Great Lakes Tectonic Zone, stretching from Big Stone County and Traverse County to Duluth. Seventeen earthquakes have occurred along the fault, the two largest being the Morris quake and the Staples event of 1917. However, plotting of the earthquakes suggests that there may be another hidden fault in the state somewhat adjacent to it.
Damage.
The earthquake caused moderate damage, and was defined as intensity VI on the Mercalli scale. Minor damage to walls and basement foundations was reported around the epicenter in Stevens County. Damage consisted of cracked plaster, falling items and pictures being knocked off walls. The quake also cracked the foundations of two homes on East Fifth Street in Morris. Many reports included extremely loud "bangs" and "explosions". These sounds lead to one man thinking that a nearby gas plant had exploded. If the earthquake had occurred elsewhere, however, it may have caused a larger amount of damage.

</doc>
<doc id="20769635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769635" title="Special Rapporteur on Women's Rights in Africa">
Special Rapporteur on Women's Rights in Africa

The Special Rapporteur on Women's Rights in Africa (SRRWA) is an official of the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights (ACHPR) charged with reinforcing and promoting women's rights in the countries of the African Union. The Rapporteur also bears specific responsibiities with respect to the Protocol on the Rights of Women in Africa, better known as the Maputo Protocol.
The role was created by the ACHPR through resolution ACHPR/res.38 (XXV) 99 at the 25th Ordinary Session of the ACHPR at Bujumbura, Burundi, between 26 April and 5 May 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20769653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769653" title="Tore Eriksen">
Tore Eriksen

Tore Eriksen (born May 12, 1947) is a Norwegian economist, diplomat and civil servant, currently serving as Norway's official ambassador to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. He was at one time dubbed "Norway's most powerful bureaucrat".
Career.
He was first employed as a research assistant from 1974 to 1978. He was later hired by the Ministry of Finance and Customs in 1978, and subsequently was promoted to deputy under-secretary of State in 1991. 
From 1993 to 1998 he was a deputy under-secretary of State in the Office of the Prime Minister. 
From January 1999 to June 2011 he was the permanent under-secretary of State of the Ministry of Finance, except a period from 2002 to 2003 when Lorents Lorentsen was acting secretary. It was in this period that he, along with Jens Stoltenberg and Karl Eirik Schjøtt-Pedersen authored the so called budgetary rule, which regulates the usage of capital gains from the oil and petroleum sector and which would play a pivotal part of the economic policy of consecutive Norwegian governments. Known as a numerical "genius", he is also credited with providing the stable fiscal policy which Norway maintained throughout the 2007–2012 global financial crisis.
Controversy.
In August 2012 the newspaper Verdens Gang reported that Eriksen along with his wife earned more than NOK 2.5 million in salary from the Norwegian government, this was significantly higher than any other civil servant in public service and 50 percent higher than his predecessor. It was also revealed that the foreign minister Jonas Gahr Støre, his former colleague and alleged friend, had given him the very lucrative job without publicly announcing the vacancy. Additionally Eriksen received a NOK 500.000 tax-free increase due to him living abroad and a NOK 132.000 "spousal increase" due to him living with his wife. Analysts called it "special treatment" due to "close relationships" between the political elite.
Personal life.
He was born in Fredrikstad, Østfold and is a cand.oecon. by education, having graduated from the University of Oslo in 1975. 
Eriksen is married to Ann-Marit Sæbønes, a Labour party politician and former mayor of Oslo. He and his wife currently resides in Paris, France where he worked as ambassador to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20769668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769668" title="Hollandsche Rading railway station">
Hollandsche Rading railway station

Hollandsche Rading is a Dutch railway station located along the railway line Hilversum - Utrecht, near the town of Hollandsche Rading and immediately west of the A27 motorway. The station was opened on 10 June 1874.
The railway station is located exactly on the border of two provinces. Platform 1, for the southbound trains (Utrecht-bound), lies in the province of Utrecht, while platform 2, for the northbound (Hilversum-bound) trains, is located in North Holland.
Hollandsche Rading can be translated in Dutch to "Holland Border" as in North Holland going into Utrecht.
Train services.
The following train service calls at Hollandsche Rading:

</doc>
<doc id="20769687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769687" title="Walter Rudi Wand">
Walter Rudi Wand

Walter Rudi Wand (September 7, 1928 – June 29, 1985) was a German judge and bureaucrat. He was a judge in the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20769689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769689" title="Kurdistan Women's League">
Kurdistan Women's League

Kurdistan Women's League (, ) is a women's organization in Iraqi Kurdistan, tied to the Kurdistan Communist Party. Nahla Hussain al-Shaly, the leader of the organisation, was murdered in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20769690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769690" title="First Tuesday (documentary strand)">
First Tuesday (documentary strand)

First Tuesday or This World is a monthly television documentary strand, shown in the United Kingdom on the ITV network and was produced by Yorkshire Television. The subject matter was mainly social issues and current affairs stories from around the world. It ran from 5 April 1983 to 2 November 1993, with programme being shown on the first Tuesday of the month, hence the title. In 1993, Network First was a part replacement for First Tuesday.

</doc>
<doc id="20769700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769700" title="Philippe Desranleau">
Philippe Desranleau

Philippe Desranleau (April 3, 1882 – May 28, 1952) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and the Archbishop of Sherbrooke from 1951 to 1952.
Born in Saint-Sébastien-d'Iberville, Quebec, Desranleau studied at the Séminaire de Saint-Hyacinthe and the Grand Séminaire de Montréal. He was ordained as a priest in 1909. In 1937, he was appointed Titular Bishop of Sala and a Coadjutor Bishop of Sherbrooke. He was appointed Bishop of Sherbrooke in 1941 and was made the first Archbishop in 1951. He served until his death in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20769731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769731" title="Jürgen Kühling">
Jürgen Kühling

Jürgen Kühling (born April 27, 1934 in Osnabrück) is a German judge. He was a judge in the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany between 1989 and 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20769745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769745" title="Manau (dance)">
Manau (dance)

The manau dance is a traditional ceremony of the Kachin (or Jingpo) people of northern Myanmar (Burma), Yunnan, China and Arunchal Pradesh, India. The manau is one of the cultural traditions that binds the six Kachin tribes together as one nation.
Although the majority of Kachin people are Christian, the manau has its roots in animistic religion. The manau ground where the ceremony takes place is the cultural center of Kachin communities.
Manaus can be held throughout the year, but the biggest manau dance, the sut manau, is held in January. Many Kachin towns hold manau dances, with the largest celebrations taking place in Myitkyina, the capital of Kachin State in Myanmar, in Laiza, the capital of the Kachin Independence Organization, and in Ruili, a center of Kachin culture in Yunnan, China.
During the manau, a senior official leads a procession of dancers in circles around the sacred manau poles, which are decorated with diamond symbols and curved lines. Loud drums provide a beat for the dancers to follow. The manau leader wears a traditional headdress decorated with hornbill feathers.
Male dancers hold a traditional Kachin sword called a N'htu during the dance.
References:
Bertil Lintner, "The Kachins: Lords of Burma's Northern Frontier"
C. Gilhodes, "Kachins: Religion and Customs

</doc>
<doc id="20769753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769753" title="Calamagrostis foliosa">
Calamagrostis foliosa

Calamagrostis foliosa is a species of grass known by the common name leafy reedgrass. 
It is endemic to northern California, where it grows in the forests and scrub on the coastline. This perennial grass produces a tuft of stems 30 to 60 centimeters tall. The leaves are mostly located about the base of the stems. The inflorescence is a dense, narrow sheaf of spikelets up to 12 centimeters long. The fruit of each spikelet is tipped with a bent awn.

</doc>
<doc id="20769784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769784" title="Compton Potters' Arts Guild">
Compton Potters' Arts Guild

The Compton Potters' Arts Guild was a pottery, founded by and based at the Surrey home of Scottish artist, Mary Fraser Tytler.
Background.
A follower of the Home Arts and Industries Association, set up by Earl Brownlow in 1885 to encourage handicrafts among the lower classes, Fraser-Tytler, the wife of Victorian era painter and sculptor George Frederic Watts, had offered to design and build a new mortuary chapel when the council in Compton, Surrey were developing a new cemetery. Setting up a local evening class, led by Louis Deuchars, Mary got them designing and modelling designs guided by her and influenced by friends and crafts people: Edward Burne-Jones, Walter Crane, Alexander Fisher, William de Morgan and Phoebe Traquair.
The resultant Romanesque/Gothic revival exterior of the Watts Mortuary Chapel aroused such interest, that before work on the polychrome interior had started, Watts had set-up permanent Arts and Crafts communities in both Compton and her home-town of Aldourie, Scotland. The outputs of the Compton group resulted in the formation in 1899 of the Compton Potters' Arts Guild.
Production.
The innovative terracotta garden ornaments produced by the evening class group, recommended by Gertrude Jekyll, expanded into a production centre of mainly Gothic Revival, Arts and Crafts and latterly Art Nouveau style pottery, with many of its designs involved Celtic knots. The pottery's output was extensive, from large terracotta garden pottery to smaller household figures, jugs, plaques and pendants. In Green Lane cemetery, Farnham, there is a Compton Pottery memorial to May Margaret Barber, widow of Charles Burton Barber, the Victorian artist.
After World War I, many pairs of bookends were made including Archers, Sunburst, Galleon, Fruit and Flowers. The majority of the pottery was made from a soft white body and decorated with tempera, an egg-based paint susceptible to wear and which washes off.
Its designs and products were featured by many London shops, including Liberty & Co. One of its potters was featured in the first BBC filler intermission film, the well known 'Potter's Wheel'.
In light of the death of its founder, the Guild continued until 1954, but which time more modern designs had severely reduced its sales.

</doc>
<doc id="20769789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769789" title="Fritz Bauer Prize">
Fritz Bauer Prize

The Fritz Bauer Prize () is a prize awarded by the Humanist Union, established in 1968 in memory of its founder, Fritz Bauer, the longtime Attorney General of Hesse. The Humanist Union presents the award to those who have excelled in contributions to the humanization, liberalization and democratization of the judiciary. 

</doc>
<doc id="20769790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769790" title="Georg Fredrik Rieber-Mohn">
Georg Fredrik Rieber-Mohn

Georg Fredrik Rieber-Mohn (born 13 August 1945) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Lillehammer, and graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Oslo in 1969.
He worked as a secretary from 1969, and as a prison administrator from 1971. In 1974 he was hired in the Ministry of Justice and the Police as a researcher. After a period as auxiliary judge from 1975 to 1976 and district attorney from 1976 to 1980, both in Stavanger, he returned to the Ministry of Justice in 1980 as deputy under-secretary of State. In 1985 he left to be a presiding judge in Eidsivating. In 1986 he was appointed as Norwegian Director of Public Prosecutions, as the youngest to date. From 1997 to 2007 he served as a Supreme Court Justice. After this he returned to the Ministry of Justice.
In 2011 Rieber-Mohn became chairman ("styreleder") of the Fritt Ord Foundation. Previously he was the deputy leader of the foundation.
Transportation without paying and the following media coverage.
"20 years" before year 2011, he was reported to have said "You do see who I am", when confronted with not having a ticket while riding on public transportation, one time that he and other passengers were being checked regarding valid tickets. The quote and the incident were mentioned in Verdens Gang, Dagbladet and Aftenposten. And in a TV-program the quote and the incident were discussed (by O.Hestenes and O.Paus), while a picture of Rieber-Mohns was continuously televised together with a "rolling text": "This man is a "trikkesniker" — this man is a "trikkesniker" — this man is a "trikkesniker"". In 2011, Rieber-Mohn said that the TV-program made him "deeply unhappy".

</doc>
<doc id="20769796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769796" title="Calamagrostis koelerioides">
Calamagrostis koelerioides

Calamagrostis koelerioides, fire reedgrass, is a bunch grass species in the Poaceae family. 
It is native to the Pacific Northwest region of the United States, with a distribution extending east to Wyoming and south to California, where it can be found in many habitat types. 
This perennial bunch grass forms tufts up to about tall. The inflorescence is a dense array of spikelets with the individual branches bunched parallel along the stem. Each rough spikelet is about 0.5 centimeters long and has a stiff, bent or twisted awn.

</doc>
<doc id="20769808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769808" title="C. F. Lloyd">
C. F. Lloyd

Charles Francis Lloyd was a pipe organ builder based in Nottingham who flourished between 1909 and 1928.
Background.
Charles Francis Lloyd was the son of Charles Lloyd who had established an organ building business in Nottingham in 1859.
In 1909, Charles Francis Lloyd took over the business after the death of his father, and the business continued until 1928 with no change to the name. In 1928 the business was bought by Roger Yates.
Charles Francis Lloyd was also the organist of St. Ann's Church, Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="20769821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769821" title="Pandulf of Capua">
Pandulf of Capua

Pandulf of Capua may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20769831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769831" title="Pra Loup">
Pra Loup

Pra-Loup, is a ski resort in France, at Uvernet-Fours in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, from the town of Barcelonnette.
The ski station has two separate base areas, 2 km apart:
The lift-served summit elevation is , for a vertical drop of to Pra-Loup 1600.
The resort has 53 lifts, of tracks, and its ski area is linked to that of the Foux-d'Allos through the valley of Agneliers. Pra-Loup hosted the Junior World Championships for alpine skiing in 1999.
Tour de France.
Pra-Loup was used as the finish of stage 15 in the 1975 Tour de France. The race from Nice was win by Bernard Thévenet of France, and is regarded in cycling lore as the mountain climb where the career of Eddy Merckx faltered.(See Eddy Merckx - 1975 Tour de France, Pierre Chany). The French magazine "Vélo" called him "the most accomplished rider that cycling has ever known." The American publication, "VeloNews", called him the greatest and most successful cyclist of all time.
The climb is cemented into the history of French cycling by the image of a woman at the roadside, wearing a bikini, waving a sign that said: "Merckx is beaten. The Bastille has fallen."

</doc>
<doc id="20769834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769834" title="Green to Gold (song)">
Green to Gold (song)

"Green to Gold" is a song by Irish singer Moya Brennan and rock group Grand Canal, it was released in Ireland in 2008 as the Official song for the 2008 Irish Olympic Team, with profits from the sale of the CD being used to support the development of amateur sports in Ireland

</doc>
<doc id="20769862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769862" title="Banja Luka Challenger">
Banja Luka Challenger

The Banja Luka Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina since 2002. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20769874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769874" title="Garnet Bougoure">
Garnet Bougoure

Garnet Bougoure (3 March 1923 – 22 November 2008) was an Australian jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing who was highly successful competing in South-East Asia and in Europe. 
Bougoure was a still a boy when he left his home in Dalby, Queensland, to pursue a career as a jockey at racetracks in the Brisbane area. In 1945 he won his first major race and went on to win a number of premier events including two editions of the Australian Cup. He competed for the last time in Australia in 1952 and the following year accepted a contract to ride in India. Then, in 1954 he spent five months in France before moving to ride in Singapore and Malayasia. At the Perak Turf Club racecourse in Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia, he won the 1954 Sultan Gold Vase, repeating as winner in 1958 when he also won the Perak Derby. In 1955, he won the prestigious Singapore Gold Cup at the Bukit Timah Race Course. 
In the late 1950s Bougoure returned to race in Europe where his association with trainer Vincent O'Brien and Paddy Prendergast helped make him one of the top jockeys in Ireland and England during the first half of the 1960s. He became the only Australian to lead the jockeys' list in Ireland, accomplishing the feat in 1960. His success in 1963 helped make Prendergast the first Irish-based trainer to ever win the British trainers' title. Bougoure's numerous wins in Ireland include the 1960 and 1963 runnings of the Irish Derby and in England he won three of the Classics, taking the 1963 Epsom Oaks with the filly Noblesse, the 1963 St. Leger Stakes with Ragusa and in 1964 the 1,000 Guineas Stakes aboard Pourparler.
Garnet Bougoure returned to Singapore during the second half of the 1960s where he continued to riding until retiring in 1969. He then embarked on a career in training that would last several decades until leaving the sport completely in 1995 at age seventy-three. Bougoure returned to Australia to be close to his children and died there in Frankston in 2008. He was predeceased by his wife Margaret Moore, the sister of jockey George Moore, who died in 1983.
Garney Bougoure was a cousin of Doug Bougoure who notably trained Strawberry Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20769891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769891" title="Halvor Heyerdahl Rasch">
Halvor Heyerdahl Rasch

Halvor Heyerdahl Rasch (8 January 1805 - 26 August 1883) was a Norwegian zoologist.
He was born in Eidsberg. He was a professor of zoology at the University of Oslo from 1852 to 1874, having previously been a lector since 1847.
An avid hunter and sportsman, he published the book "Jagten i Norge" (1845) as well as works about livestock, oyster culvitation and beekeeping. He was among the founders of the "Centralforeningen for Udbredelse af Legemsøvelser og Vaabenbrug", a precursor to the Norwegian Confederation of Sports, in 1861.
Rasch was decorated as a Knight of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="20769904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769904" title="Claude E. Carpenter">
Claude E. Carpenter

Claude E. Carpenter (26 September 1904 – 18 February 1976) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Carpenter was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20769910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769910" title="List of peerages inherited by women">
List of peerages inherited by women

In the peerages of the British Isles, most titles have traditionally been created for men and with remainder to male heirs. However, some titles are created with special remainders to allow women to inherit them. Some of the oldest English baronies were created by writ and pass to female heirs when a peer dies with daughters and no sons, while some titles are created with a man's family in mind, if he is without sons and unlikely to produce any. The following is a list of women who have inherited titles with the British peerages.

</doc>
<doc id="20769956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769956" title="Tiangong International">
Tiangong International

Tiangong International Limited () () is a privately owned company engaging in the production and sales of high speed steel (HSS) and its products in China. It is the largest steel tools maker in China.
It was established in 1984 in Danyang, Jiangsu and was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20769975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769975" title="Humanist Union">
Humanist Union

The Humanist Union (German: "Humanistische Union", HU) is an association of German citizenship. Their targets include the achievement of a comprehensive information and more direct democracy and the constitutional abolition of the secret service protection. The separation of church and state is part of its program, it takes a critical stance according to ecclesiastical privileges and the church religious education. The Humanist Union was founded in 1961 in Munich and is the oldest existing civil rights organization of the Federal Republic of Germany. It has about 1,200 members. The Humanist Union is a member of the European Civil Liberties Network. It has awarded the Fritz Bauer Prize since 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20769996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20769996" title="Help Yourself (band)">
Help Yourself (band)

Help Yourself, known to their fans as "The Helps", were an English rock band of the early 1970s whose style developed from “American-flavoured country-rock… …to acid-drenched psych.”.
History.
Help Yourself formed in London in 1970, originally as a backing band for singer-songwriter Malcolm Morley, who had left Sam Apple Pie and been signed as a solo act by Famepushers. The band was assembled by John Eichler who, as well as working for Famepushers, was production manager at Strand Cosmetics, where he hired people either for 'musical ability' or 'strangeness'. 
The eponymous debut album, "Help Yourself", was recorded from late 1970 to early 1971. Malcolm Morley, (guitars/keyboards/vocals) wrote all the songs on this album, which was recorded with another former Sam Apple Pie member Dave Charles (drums/percussion/vocals), ex member of Monday Morning Glory Band, Richard Treece (guitars/vocals/harmonica) and former Growth member Ken Whaley (bass) 
The album was recorded before the band had played a gig, having been signed to Liberty Records by Andrew Lauder, head of A&R. The band toured on the "Downhome Rhythm Kings" package with Brinsley Schwarz & Ernie Graham (ex Eire Apparent), who were all managed by Famepushers. After the tour, Ken Whaley was fired, but no other bass player was recruited.
Help Yourself, Ernie Graham and his guitarist Jonathan “Jojo” Glemser, moved into Headley Grange in 1971, shortly after Led Zeppelin IV had been recorded there. The line up was amalgamated to include both Graham (who had just released his eponymous solo album backed by Help Yourself and Brinsley Schwarz) and Glemser, both of whom were guitarists, so Treece switched to bass. The band played the 1971 Glastonbury Festival Sam Apple Pie having played the first Glastonbury in 1970. "Street Songs" a track that would later appear on the second album "Strange Affair", was issued on a United Artists double album sampler "All Good Clean Fun". A tour was arranged to promote this album, so Help Yourself joined Man and Leicester band Gypsy, on a tour of Switzerland.
The second album "Strange Affair" was recorded at the Grange, initially with Richard Treece still on bass, and adding his guitar parts later, until Paul Burton, their then Road Manager and former Sam Apple Pie roadie, joined on bass, to complete the album. "Strange Affair" was released in early 1972, by which time both Graham and Glemser had left. 
The new line up of Burton, Morley, Treece and Charles appeared on their first Peel Session in April 1972 and recorded the next album "Beware of the Shadow" almost immediately. Sean Tyla, who had been the band's roadie, helped with some of the songwriting, notably "All Electric Fur Trapper", which was based on a fairy tale he had written. Shortly after completing the album, the band left Headley Grange, Tyla moved in with ex member Ken Whaley, and they formed Ducks Deluxe.
Just as the Helps were due to start a tour to promote "Beware of The Shadow", Morley suffered a bout of depression, ("The Shadow" referred to in the album title). Rather than cancel the tour, Deke Leonard, who had just been fired by Man, stood in. Leonard stayed with the band after Morley had recovered, whilst Help Yourself backed Leonard on his first solo album "Iceberg" 
In December 1972, Help Yourself with Leonard and BJ Cole, played at Man's Christmas Party. The double 10" album, "Christmas at the Patti" recorded at this concert, contains far more of their performance (24’) than their hosts (11’30’’). Ducks Deluxe also played this concert, but Whaley had already left.
"Beware of the Shadow" was released in late 1972, but none of the first three albums sold well. The Helps appealed to a hippie audience such as fans of The Grateful Dead and Quicksilver Messenger Service so they were moderately successful in the U.S. but never toured there.
In 1973, the band proposed touring with Roger Ruskin Spear, the Flying Aces and Vivian “Spiv” Morris, in a vaudeville show called “Happy Days”, which was to be held in a circus tent. They started recording material for this in January, but Burton was unhappy with the proposed theatrical tour, so he left. Whaley returned and the band started recording their new album in February, finishing the Happy Days album in March and the Helps album in April, when they also recorded their second Peel Session. After a two month "Happy Days" tour, the fourth album, "The Return of Ken Whaley", was released, with the "Happy Days" album included free with the first 5,000 copies.
The fourth album did not sell well either, and the band were not getting many gigs, so they were surprised when United Artists asked them to record another album, which they started recording in July 1973, with a line-up augmented by Sean Tyla. The album was to be called "5" and a cover was commissioned from Rick Griffin. They only had “half formed ideas” and although they eventually laid down 8 tracks, they gave up recording and disbanded in August 1973. They reformed for "The Amazing ZigZag Concert" on 28 April 1974 with a core line up of Morley, Treece, Whaley and Charles with Burton and Leonard guesting.
Being incomplete, "5" was not issued, although a few years later some fans tried, unsuccessfully, to persuade the band to complete the album. After Morley released his solo album "Aliens" in 2001, the suggestion re-arose, and the album was finally completed in 2002/2003 by Morley, Treece and Whaley, with Kevin Spacey on drums, as Charles had other commitments. The album was eventually released in 2004.
Subsequent careers.
Malcolm Morley.
Briefly joined Bees Make Honey, before joining Man with Leonard and Whaley, where he co-wrote and recorded Man's most successful album "Rhinos, Winos and Lunatics" but left after a US tour. In 1976 Morley recorded a solo album, backed by Plummet Airlines who he'd been working with, and produced by ex Brinsley Ian Gomm. The album was not issued, and the master tapes were lost for 25 years. When the tapes were found, the album was finally issued as "Lost and Found" in 2002 (Hux 034).
He performed with Deke Leonard, Wreckless Eric and Kirsty McColl, including a TV appearance with McColl in 1981. He then left the music business. In 2001 he recorded another solo album "Aliens" which was issued on Creo Records, and in 2008 he started appearing live again.
Richard Treece.
Briefly joined Deke Leonard's Iceberg and later re-joined George and Martin Ace in The Flying Aces. Briefly joined The Splendid Humans; before joining former Man members Phil Ryan and Will Youatt in The Neutrons. In 2000, he issued a solo album "Dream Arena East" (Treece 1) and then joined Ken Whaley in 'The Archers', which evolved into his current band 'The Green Ray'. 
The Green Ray comprises Richard Treece (guitar and vocals), Ken Whaley (bass and Vocals), his brother Simon Whaley (drums) and Simon Haspeck (guitar and vocals). They have issued three albums: "Soft Cloud" (2002) SC001/FYPC15, "Back from the Edge" (2006) Gray 11 with Aaron Liddard, and the live "Classic Rock Club, Cheshunt, 5 January 2008" with Nick Saloman of Bevis Frond (Effigy 2008), and a DVD with Barry "The Fish" Melton guesting. They played at the Glastonbury Festival (Green Stage) in 2007.
Dave Charles.
Charles was an Engineer whilst he was in Help Yourself, (recording the infamous Brinsley Schwarz “hype” concerts at the Filmore East) and subsequently became the resident engineer and producer at Rockfield Studios where he produced and/or engineered albums by Hawkwind, Dr Feelgood, The Charlatans, The La's, The Fabulous Thunderbirds and others. He still plays drums, and has played for Dave Edmunds as well as Carl Perkins, George Harrison, Dion DiMucci, Steve Cropper, Jeff Beck and Kid Creole and the Coconuts.
Ken Whaley.
Briefly joined Deke Leonard's Iceberg, until joining Man with Leonard and Morley. Recorded Man's two most successful albums "Rhinos, Winos and Lunatics" and "Slow Motion" and also left after a US tour. Worked for John Eichler at The Three Kings. Played with Richard Treece in 'The Archers' and later in 'The Green Ray' (see above) before his death in 2013.
Paul Burton.
Joined Deke Leonard's Iceberg after playing on the first album. Toured Republic of Ireland with them. Left after that tour and worked for Manticore Records (Emerson Lake & Palmer), running their rehearsal studio in Fulham Broadway. Worked as a tour manager for Baker Gurvitz Army (Ginger Baker, Paul and Adrian Gurvitz) until January 1975. Having been newly married took a job as a chauffeur and ended up running a UK subsidiary of a Swiss electronics company as Managing Director for more than 25 years. Retired in 2007 and now living in Devon with his second wife.
Sean Tyla.
After Ducks Deluxe, he formed the Tyla Gang, which made three albums and which both Treece and Whaley played with at various times. In 1981 he worked with Joan Jett and then formed The Force, with Deke Leonard, who recorded one album, "Forces First", but Tyla left after suddenly suffering stage fright. He has recently reformed Ducks Deluxe.
Ernie Graham.
Formed pub rock group Clancy in 1971, which recorded two albums before they split in 1976.
Gave up being a professional musician. Worked on the railways, including as a guard on The Orient Express, and was training to become a counsellor when he died in April 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20770035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770035" title="Kenneth Grant Fraser">
Kenneth Grant Fraser

Kenneth Grant Fraser O.B.E., M.D., Edin., D.P.H., F.R.S.E. or "Dr Fraser" as he is commonly remembered, was a Scottish missionary doctor and educator in Southern Sudan, specifically working among the Moru people.
He was born in 1877 in Scotland. He died in Lui, Southern Sudan on 10 February 1935.
His Early Life.
Fraser was born at Crock Ban on the Isle of Lewis in Scotland in 1877. At the age of 14 he ran away from home and joined the army as a drummer boy. He was converted to be a committed Christian while serving in South Africa during the Boer War, through overhearing some officers discuss spirituality. After his conversion he continued in the army, but began to develop a vision of service as a missionary. While serving in India he first met his future wife Eileen Galbraith, the sister of a British Officer, Alexander Norman Galbraith (1879-1915) and fell in love with her, but he was then only a sergeant, and she turned down his proposal.
On returning to Scotland, Fraser enrolled in evening school and did well, going on to study medicine at Edinburgh with the express aim of becoming a medical missionary. After completing his study he again proposed to Eileen, and this time she accepted. Eileen had meanwhile had a period teaching, together with her elder sister Alice, in Sudan at Omdurman and Wad Medani. They married on 30 November 1916. Eileen was the daughter of Ven. Henry Galbraith, Archdeacon of Glendalough, Co. Wicklow, Ireland.
During the First World War Dr. Fraser again saw active service in Turkey, ending the war as a major general. Eileen enrolled as a nurse and served in France. After the war Dr. Fraser went on to complete his medical training by studying surgery. It was this background that the Frasers brought to their missionary service. It enabled Dr. Fraser to develop a strategy, which drew heavily on his military experience, that the Holy Spirit was able to use to establish the church throughout Moru country.
A Missionary in Sudan.
Dr and Mrs Fraser arrived in the Moru country on December 22, 1920, about ten years after the area became part of Sudan. They settled in Lui, which was chosen as being close to permanent water but away from fly infested rivers.
A clear missionary strategy.
The way the church developed in Moru country resulted from the strategy that Dr Fraser applied, interacting with the nature of the culture of the Moru people, and guided by the Holy Spirit. Dr Fraser's strategy reflected his experience as a soldier, together with his skills as a doctor, a teacher and a preacher. The work he was involved in shows an understanding of the completeness of man combined with a clear strategy of reaching out to the people God had given him to work with. Dr Fraser was a strong man with a strong character, and as a keen hunter had important characteristics respected by the Moru people. He was also seen by them as someone who was close to God.
As a medical doctor, Dr. Fraser began work on the hospital immediately he arrived, so that he managed to complete the first temporary buildings within five months of arrival. Even before the hospital building was completed the Frasers began to build a small temporary school building, and started teaching a few boys. Alongside they started preaching and bringing the gospel.
An important part of Dr Fraser's strategy was moving out from the centre into the whole of the Moru, and neighbouring Jur and Avokaya areas, and he did this as soon as he had local people to do so. When work was started at a new centre two people were sent together. One of the pair was a dresser and the other a teacher, but working closely together. On Sundays they would both work together in preaching and establishing the local church. Dr Fraser provided them with standardised medical kits and specific routines and procedures were established. The teams were required to send back reports to Fraser at Lui hospital at regular intervals. By his death in 1935 Dr Fraser had managed to get a coverage of what is now Mundri county, with eleven dispensaries, based at the chiefs' areas. The foundation had been set for a policy that, with slight modifications, continued to be the basis of the mission work in Moru country up until the medical and educational work was taken over by the government in 1957 and 1958.
This strategy has led to a number of important effects in the way Moru society has developed and the way the Moru view development.
o Local Missionary Outreach. Local people were used as missionaries and managed to spread the work throughout the district with no missionaries outside Lui. This helped make it truly Moru.
o Self-Reliance. Dr Fraser delegated much of the work from an early stage, making maximum use of those who had been through the school in Lui from an early stage. This helped foster a sense of local ownership and self-reliance.
o Cover of the Whole Moru Area. Unlike some other areas of Southern Sudan, one does not find that all the educated Morus come from one part of the area. Education and development spread throughout the area.
o Unity of the Moru People. In only a relatively few years the Moru people moved from disunited, fearful groups to being united as Christians and have maintained a cohesiveness ever since.
o Reaching the Whole Man. Dr. Fraser's approach of bringing together the church, the school and the hospital has been seen as a strategy reaching out to the whole man. This can be seen as ministering to the body (hospital), mind (school) and spirit (church), in a holistic way. It is probably this factor as much as any other that has influenced the Moru view of development.
o Importance of Medicine to the Moru. Medicine has been closely associated with education in the mind of many Morus. The result has been many Moru medical personnel, (as well as other scientific disciplines) and a great respect for medicine as a calling.
o Significance of Individual Christians for Local Development. It was the teachers and dressers who were the first animateurs for development in most rural communities, while also bringing the gospel with their work. Key Christian individuals are still important in bringing change and motivation to the various communities.
o The Church as an Internalised and Indigenous Structure. Throughout the turmoil that has effected Sudan on and off since the 1950s the church has proved particularly significant as the one structure that is indigenous and continues regardless of what is going on round about.
o Social rather than Economic Development. One of the very few criticisms heard of Dr Fraser from any Morus was that his work was devoid of any economic development programme. This however may reasonably be seen as outside the scope of his work.
Dr Fraser's Heritage.
Many Moru schoolchildren over the years have wanted to follow him and become medical doctors. As a result they enter the 'science' stream. Those who have not become doctors have become medical professionals at other levels, or entered professions like agriculture as a result of this desire to follow his example.
Lui Hospital is still an important hospital is Southern Sudan.
Both Kenneth and Fraser are common baptismal names amongst the Morus even today, reflecting the high esteem he is still held in amongst these people. When Morus visit Britain they are keen to visit Edinburgh where Dr Fraser trained.

</doc>
<doc id="20770065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770065" title="SummerSlam (2009)">
SummerSlam (2009)

SummerSlam (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was presented by 7-Eleven. It was the 22nd annual SummerSlam event and featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands. Eight matches were contested on the event's card.
The show was what is known as a supercard, which featured more than one main event match. The main events of the evening included: CM Punk defeating Jeff Hardy in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match to win the World Heavyweight Championship for a third time, Randy Orton retaining the WWE Championship against John Cena after the match was restarted multiple times, Christian retaining the ECW Championship against William Regal, and D-Generation X's Triple H and Shawn Michaels defeating The Legacy's Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase. Other matches featured on the show were WWE Intercontinental Champion Rey Mysterio versus Dolph Ziggler, Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) against Jack Swagger, Chris Jericho and The Big Show defending the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship against Cryme Tyme (Shad Gaspard and JTG), and Kane facing The Great Khali.
The event received 369,000 buys, down from the SummerSlam 2008 figure of 477,000 buys.
Background.
SummerSlam featured professional wrestling matches involving different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots, and storylines that were played out on "Raw", "SmackDown", "ECW" and "WWE Superstars"—World Wrestling Entertainment's (WWE) television programs. Wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension, and culminated with a wrestling match or series of matches. All wrestlers were from WWE's Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands—a storyline division in which WWE employees are assigned to a television program of the same name.
The Raw brand's main event was announced on the July 27 episode of "Raw" by the show's guest host and storyline matchmaker, Shaquille O'Neal. Randy Orton would defend the WWE Championship against the winner of a "Beat the Clock challenge", which was determined by who of the five competitors could defeat their opponent in the fastest time: Mark Henry, Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP), Triple H, Jack Swagger, or John Cena. Henry set the pace by defeating Carlito in 6:49, while MVP, Triple H, and Swagger failed to defeat their opponents. Cena beat Henry's time by defeating The Miz, and become Orton's opponent at SummerSlam.
The main rivalry from the SmackDown brand heading into SummerSlam was between Jeff Hardy and CM Punk in their continuing conflict over the World Heavyweight Championship. Animosity stemmed from Extreme Rules when Punk invoked the guaranteed title match he earned by winning the Money in the Bank ladder match against Hardy and defeated him for the World Heavyweight title. The two faced off at the next two pay-per-view events, The Bash and Night of Champions, with Hardy winning the latter match to regain the title. This also saw a number of conflicts between the two over their respective philosophies in life; Punk is legitimately straight edge, which promotes a drug-free lifestyle, while Hardy, who has had a number of indiscretions with drugs throughout his career, was at odds with the way Punk reprimanded the fans for their potential addictions. Following two assaults on Hardy, SmackDown General Manager, Theodore Long, announced that another match would be held between the two at SummerSlam in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match (TLC).
The ECW brand will be represented at the show with Christian defending the ECW Championship against William Regal. On the August 11 episode of the program, Christian was a guest on the talk show segment, The Abraham Washington Show, where the eponymous host announced the number-one contender for the title would be Regal, leading to both men making statements in the following week until it was announced the two would meet at the event.
On the July 27 episode of "Raw", the Unified WWE Tag Team Champions Chris Jericho and The Big Show got into a heated confrontation with Shaquille O'Neal. After the two refused to get into a fight with him, O'Neal announced that the champions would fight Shad Gaspard and JTG (collectively known as Cryme Tyme) in a tag team match later that night with O'Neal acting as the match's ringside enforcer, which led to the champions getting disqualified, invoking their adversaries' ire. On the July 31 episode of "SmackDown", Cryme Tyme defeated Tyson Kidd and David Hart Smith (collectively known as The Hart Dynasty) to become Jericho and Big Show's opponents at SummerSlam.
WWE Intercontinental Champion Rey Mysterio had been the target of Dolph Ziggler since July. The two met at Night of Champions, only to see Mysterio retain the title. Ziggler regained his contender status on the August 7 episode of "SmackDown" by defeating R-Truth, Mike Knox, and Finlay in a fatal four-way.
Stemming from his previous rivalry with Randy Orton, Triple H started to target Orton's Legacy associates, Ted DiBiase and Cody Rhodes. Triple H failed to win his Beat the Clock challenge to face Orton in a match with Rhodes when DiBiase distracted him for sufficient time to make beating Mark Henry's time impossible. After losing a handicap match against the two the following week on the August 3 episode of "Raw", Triple H announced that he was going to get a partner to counteract the two, hinting throughout the show that he intended to reform D-Generation X with Shawn Michaels. A week later, it was revealed that Michaels, who had not been seen on WWE programming since WrestleMania XXV, had been working as a chef at a corporate cafeteria. At the cafeteria, Triple H convinced Michaels to quit his job and return at SummerSlam to face DiBiase and Rhodes in a tag team match.
At The Bash, The Great Khali was assaulted with a steel chair by Kane in his match with Dolph Ziggler. The following weeks saw both men interfere in each other's matches with Kane running away from his adversary any time Khali made his way to gain a measure of revenge. On the August 7 episode of "SmackDown", Kane attacked Khali from behind before kidnapping Khali's translator, Ranjin Singh. The following week, it was revealed that Kane was holding Singh hostage in a backstage room at the Rexall Place in Edmonton, Alberta, interrogating and abusing him, before Khali found him, leading to Kane beating down on Khali. It was announced the following week on WWE's official website that the two would meet at SummerSlam.
After Jack Swagger was moved to the Raw brand, he had a verbal confrontation with Montel Vontavious Porter, which led to MVP challenging the former to a fight, which was declined by Swagger on the grounds of his unwillingness to "fight criminals", referring to MVP's previous incarceration. The coming weeks saw Swagger and MVP interfere in each other's business before MVP challenged Swagger on the August 17 episode of "Raw". As the match commenced, Swagger got himself disqualified, leading to the announcement of a conclusive match at SummerSlam.
Production.
Tickets for SummerSlam went on sale starting February 13, 2009. The first teaser trailer for the event was shown at WWE's Extreme Rules event. The trailer featured the song "You Gotta Move" by Aerosmith, which was later announced by WWE to be the event's official theme song. As part of the promotion for the event, WWE announced that it would hold its first ever "SummerSlam Axxess", a fan convention similar to WrestleMania's fan convention, "WrestleMania Axxess". The convention was held at Nokia Plaza in L.A. Live from August 22 to August 23. According to video game publisher THQ, further details of the latest installment of their "WWE SmackDown" series, "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010", would also be revealed at the event.
Event.
Dark match.
Prior to SummerSlam airing live on pay per view, the fans in attendance were shown an untelevised match; it featured the company's female wrestlers, known as divas, in a battle royal. Beth Phoenix won the match by simultaneously eliminating Eve Torres and Kelly Kelly following some interference from Chavo Guerrero.
Preliminary matches.
The show aired live with the opening match being Rey Mysterio defending the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Dolph Ziggler. The match was contested at a fast pace with Mysterio gaining an advantage following a backflip body press onto the challenger known as a moonsault before the match descended out of the ring and onto the floor of the arena, where Mysterio kept the offense by catching his opponent with a headscissors, throwing him to the floor from the position called the hurricanrana, while colliding with a cameraman at ringside. As the match returned to the ring, Mysterio attempted jump off the top turnbuckle onto his prone opponent, before Ziggler blocked the effort by grabbing him by the legs mid-air, and connecting a powerbomb into the corner of the ring. As Mysterio tried to gain control, dropping his opponent onto the second rope, setting up for a kick to the face in the ropes (often referred to as the 619), only to have Ziggler dodge the attempt by driving the champion's face to the mat with a leg drop. As the match continued, Mysterio connected with the 619; as he was attempting to execute a body press from the top rope, Ziggler moved out of the way. As Ziggler attempted to defeat his opponent, he ascended the top rope with him hoisted on his shoulders. As Ziggler was going to throw him, Mysterio caught him with another hurricanrana, leading to him pinning his opponent.
Following was the match between Jack Swagger and Montel Vontavious Porter. The match started with Swagger gaining a strong lead by holding MVP on the mat with extensive holds before throwing MVP into the corner of the ring. As his opponent was downed, Swagger ran into the corner, grabbing the top rope before attempting to press himself down on MVP, which was met by his opponent lifting his knees into Swagger's midsection. MVP rallied with a running kick to his cornered opponent before hooking his leg around his head, and twisting him by the head to the mat with a move called the Playmaker, leading to MVP getting the pinfall victory.
Chris Jericho and The Big Show defended the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship next against Cryme Tyme. After JTG outwitted Jericho, the latter made a tag to his partner, who was beaten down upon due to his opponent's size. Once JTG tagged in Gaspard, he neutralized an interfering Jericho only to be tackled by The Big Show. As Gaspard clothesline The Big Show out of the ring with him, Jericho caught JTG with his signature submission hold, the Walls of Jericho; after struggling to reach the bottom rope (that would nullify the chance of Jericho gaining a submission victory), JTG reached it only for The Big Show to punch him in the face for Jericho to pin him.
Next was Kane and The Great Khali's match. This was centered around a heavy brawl between the two before Kane left the ring to pursue Ranjin Singh. After getting Khali's attention, Kane took advantage, and connected with a dropkick to his opponent's knee before grabbing him with a facelock and driving his head to the mat with a DDT to gain the victory.
Main event matches.
SummerSlam featured four main event matches. The first was D-Generation X versus The Legacy. The match started with Triple H fighting both Ted DiBiase and Cody Rhodes. When Shawn Michaels made the tag to get into the match, Rhodes left the ring briefly to avoid Michaels's kick dubbed the Sweet Chin Music. Legacy proceeded to beat down on their two opponents. Rhodes eventually ascended the top rope in an attempt to execute a diving elbow drop (one of Michaels's signature moves); Michaels avoided the move by rushing to stop Rhodes, knocking him from the turnbuckle. He then made an attempt at the move, but Rhodes put up his knees to absorb the attack and hurt Michaels. Rhodes caught Michaels in an inverted facelock and dropped him to the mat with the Cross Rhodes. He made an attempt to pin Michaels only for Triple H to halt the effort, and perform his own move, the Pedigree to Rhodes, which prompted DiBiase to interfere by dropping Triple H with his own move, Dream Street. As DiBiase and Triple H took their fight to the floor, Michaels got to his feet, and hit Sweet Chin Music on Rhodes to get the pinfall victory.
William Regal was accompanied to the ring by Vladimir Kozlov and Ezekiel Jackson to challenge Christian for the ECW Championship. As Regal was removing his entrance coat, Christian blindsided him and hooked his arms before twisting him into position and driving his face to the mat with a move Christian calls the Killswitch. He pinned his opponent, leading to Jackson and Kozlov entering the ring to slam Christian before Regal applied a leg lock with an abdominal stretch in what's known as the Regal Stretch.
Randy Orton and John Cena for the WWE Championship started with the two trading punches until Orton took down Cena and stomped on him. Cena regained some control, only for Orton to fall out of the ring. As the challenger tried to climb back into the ring, Orton caught him between the ropes and executed a DDT with his feet draped over the second rope. As Orton was about ready to knock the challenger with a punt, Cena mounted a comeback; he hoisted up Orton on his shoulders in attempt to his signature slam, the Attitude Adjustment, Orton countered, and shoved referee Scott Armstrong down, prompting him to get disqualified (a title cannot be lost via disqualification). As Orton was walking away, ring announcer, Lilian Garcia, announced that Vince McMahon ordered the match restart; if Orton were to get disqualified, he would lose the title. As the match progressed, Orton decided he had enough, grabbed his championship belt, and left while the referee counted to ten, which constitutes what's known as a count-out, and would generally have the champion retain the title despite losing. McMahon's order was restated to continue the match. The champion returned to the ring, and pinned Cena with his feet on the ropes to give him illegal leverage. Armstrong reviewed the win, and said the match would restart as Orton cheated. The two continued as Cena grabbed Orton by the leg and applied a sleeper hold for a move called the STF. As Orton was about to submit, a person from the crowd (later revealed as Brett DiBiase) stormed the ring and assaulted Armstrong. After order was restored, Orton grabbed Cena by the head, and dropped him into the second rope to hit his move, the RKO. He pinned him and retained the title.
The show ended with the Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match for the World Heavyweight Championship. Jeff Hardy quickly tried to climb the ladder in order to obtain the belt suspended above the ring, but CM Punk halted that effort only to be set prone in the corner of the ring. Hardy set up a steel folding chair in front of his opponent in order to use a launching point to deliver a leg kick; Punk caught his opponent to drop him on his spine on the back of the chair. The action went to outside again with the challenger throwing out Hardy, and dove onto him. He went for another dive, this time from the steel steps in the corner of the ring, only to have Hardy grab a chair, and hit his opponent in mid-air. From there, Hardy placed Punk on a wooden table, and ascended the top turnbuckle. As he dove off to incapacitate his opponent, Punk dodged, sending Hardy through the table. Punk made an attempt of his own to climb the ladder only to be thwarted by Hardy, who took him off the ladder with a throw known as the sunset flip. As he made another attempt to retrieve the title, Punk capsized the ladder, sending Hardy to the mat. Punk continued his assault by ascending the top rope with his opponent, and performed a suplex from the top rope; the impact of the throw landed was centered onto the ladder laying from Punk's action, causing both competitors to land on it. As the match continued, Punk hoisted Hardy onto his shoulders in an attempt to perform his signature knee strike from said position called the Go To Sleep; Hardy countered and threw Punk over the top rope through a table. As Hardy made another attempt to climb the ladder, Punk returned to the ring by jumping off the top rope and knocked down Hardy once more. The action again went to the outside, as Hardy placed Punk onto the announcer's table, and ascended ladder. He proceeded to dive off with a flip with a move known as the Swanton bomb. The table collapsed, leading to the medical team making their way to ringside to carry out Hardy on a stretcher. Punk seized the opportunity and climbed the ladder, only for Hardy rush back in the ring and head him off by climbing himself. Punk ultimately punched the champion off the ladder before grabbing the belt to win. As he was celebrating, the lights briefly went out, only for The Undertaker to appear and chokeslam CM Punk.
Aftermath.
On the August 27 episode of "WWE Superstars", Dolph Ziggler, Mike Knox, and Finlay competed in a triple threat match with the winner advancing to challenge Rey Mysterio for the WWE Intercontinental Championship at Breaking Point; Ziggler won the match, making it his third consecutive month challenging for the title. The match was changed on the September 4 episode of "SmackDown" after John Morrison won the title from Mysterio (Mysterio was legitimately suspended for violating the company's wellness policy, forcing him to drop the title).
The August 28 episode of "SmackDown" featured a rematch for the World Heavyweight Championship in a steel cage match; with a the loser of the match would leave the company stipulation. Punk ultimately won the match, leading to the announcement that he would defend the World title against The Undertaker in a submission match.
After SummerSlam, The Legacy continued their antagonizing of D-Generation X; after confronting McMahon, it was announced on WWE's official homepage that the two teams would continue to fight each other with a submission match of their own at Breaking Point; this one, however, would be contested where the submissions could be applied anywhere.
The Great Khali pursued Kane after SummerSlam, leading to Kane avoiding him. It was then announced on the September 4 episode of "SmackDown" the two would face each other again in a match with legal use of Singapore canes.
Reception.
Overall reaction to the pay-per-view was good, TheWrestleReview awarded the event a score of 8.6 out of 10, stating that "A great event with all title matches being very watchable, and the IC and World Title matches achieving classic status. What let this event down the matches competed without titles on the line, MVP, Jack Swagger, Kane and Great Khali all put in a good
amount of effort their showing didn't really stand out from regular televised matches." TheWrestleReview also described the D-Generation X vs The Legacy match as a "near 30 minute tag team clinic".
"The Sun" gave the event an overall rating of 8 out of 10, and Canadian Online Explorer's wrestling section rating it as 7 out of 10. The opening match between Rey Mysterio and Dolph Ziggler was praised, with James Caldwell of the Pro Wrestling Torch declaring it "awesome" and Dave Meltzer calling it a "really strong" match. Writing for "The Sun", Mike Aldren, who attended the event live, also praised the match, and said that it was a "great technical opener" with "fluid, crisp back and forth action" from both wrestlers. The match between DX and The Legacy also received praise with Caldwell describing it as "WWE's best tag team match of the year". The main event TLC match between Punk and Hardy was universally praised with Aldren declaring that it was "a guaranteed match of the year candidate". Caldwell concluded that the "drama was great, Punk was great, Hardy was great", and rated the match as 4 and a quarter stars, while Meltzer praised it as a "great match" and touted the moment when Hardy performed the Swanton Bomb on Punk from the top of the ladder as "spectacular".
All the writers criticized the WWE Championship match, however, with Aldren remarking that "everyone in the arena" was confused and Caldwell saying that "WWE over-booked the crap out of this match". The shortness of the ECW Championship match was also criticized, with Caldwell remarking that it was "another ridiculous ECW Title match on WWE PPV". Aldren queried the decision to make it so short, saying that Christian and Regal "could have had one of the best matches on the show", a sentiment echoed by Meltzer. Aldren and Meltzer also criticized the match between Khali and Kane, with Aldren remarking that the crowd "was dead" and Meltzer calling it "pretty bad". Caldwell said that it was a "bad match with a decent finish", as the match "lowered the bar" early enough that the "finish was intriguing".
The event received 369,000 buys, which was a decrease from the SummerSlam 2008, the previous year's event, which received a figure of 477,000 buys.

</doc>
<doc id="20770075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770075" title="Ernst-Wolfgang Böckenförde">
Ernst-Wolfgang Böckenförde

Ernst-Wolfgang Böckenförde (born September 19, 1930 in Kassel) is one of Germany's foremost legal philosophers and a former judge on the Constitutional Court. He is Professor Emeritus at the University of Freiburg and the author of more than 20 books and 80 articles dealing with legal and constitutional theory, as well as political philosophy and Catholic political thought.
Life.
Böckenförde received a PhD in law in Münster in 1953, under the supervision of Hans Julius Wolff. He also received a PhD in history in the same year from the University of Munich for a thesis supervised by Franz Schnabel. In 1964 he made his postdoctoral habilitation with his thesis "The power of organisation in the purview of the government. A survey on constitutional law in the Federal Republic of Germany". He became Professor of Public Law, Constitutional History, Legal History and Philosophy of Law at the University of Heidelberg in the same year. In 1969, he moved to the University of Bielefeld, and in 1977 to the University of Freiburg, where he remained until his retirement.
Ernst-Wolfgang Böckenförde served as a member of the second Senate of the Federal Constitutional Court from 1982 until 1996. Into his tenure fall several path-breaking decisions for the Federal Republic of Germany, including decisions pertaining to the deployment of missiles, to the law of political parties, and to the legal regulation of abortion.
After German unification, Böckenförde was a member of the Special Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry on Constitutional Reform.
Böckenförde has received numerous awards for his academic and public service commitments, among them Honorary Doctorates from the Faculties of Catholic Theology of the University of Bochum (1999) and of Tübingen University (2005), from the Law Schools of Bielefeld University (1999), of the University of Münster (2001) and of the University of Basel (1987). 
He also received the Reuchlin Award of the City of Pforzheim (1978), the Guardini Award of the Catholic Academy in Bavaria (2004) and the Hannah-Arendt Award for Political Thought (2004).
A sentence from a 1964 article of his caused decades of discussion in German and European political thought. It became known as the so-called Böckenförde-paradoxon or Böckenförde-dictum: “The liberal secular state lives on premises that it cannot itself guarantee. On the one hand, it can subsist only if the freedom it consents to its citizens is regulated from within, inside the moral substance of individuals and of a homogeneous society. On the other hand, it is not able to guarantee these forces of inner regulation by itself without renouncing its liberalism.”

</doc>
<doc id="20770081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770081" title="Hermann Buchner (SS officer)">
Hermann Buchner (SS officer)

Hermann Buchner was a Sturmbannführer (Major), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. He was also one of only 631 men awarded the very rare Close Combat Clasp in Gold.
Early Life and SS Career.
Hermann Buchner was born Jan. 16, 1917. He attended college to be a pharmacist, and eventually joined the Waffen-SS. He enlisted in the SS on October 4. 1937, at the rank of SS-Anwarter. He was promoted to SS-Sturmman on 20. December, 1937. He attended officer candidate school, but dropped out once, and barely passed his second attempt.
Totenkopf, Demjansk and Russia.
After graduation, he was assigned to SS-Totenkopf-Infanterie-Regiment 1. He served as an adjutant to 3. Battalion through the campaigns in France, and saw combat, winning the Iron Cross 2 Class. In the early parts of Operation Barbarossa he was involved in heavy close combat fighting. During the Demjansk encirclement he was again in close combat, and was wounded by shrapnel, but returned to his unit. He was awarded the Demjansk shield. He also recorded many days of close combat or "melee days."
When he earned the Knight's Cross he was the 3. Battalion Kommandeur. He led an infantry attack on a heavily defended position without any heavy armor or artillery support. He not only succeeded, but took comparatively minimal casualties, and hundreds of Russian prisoners. He was also awarded the Tank Destruction Badge, German Cross in Gold, the Wound Badge in Gold and the rare Close Combat Clasp in Gold!
Fate.
He was one of few men in the entire German army to be awarded every single bravery medal. He was also the 4th member of the German armed forces to win the prestigious Close Combat Clasp in Gold, eventually recording over 60 "melee days" or days spent in close combat. In July and August 1943 alone, he recorded 20 days of melee.
He was killed in action, West of Warsaw in November 1944, when he was hit in the back by shrapnel.
Although he did poorly in his officer classes, he was still promoted quickly, and ended the war as a Major, or SS-Sturmbannfuhrer. He also was one of few SS Knight's Cross Winners who never joined the Nazi Party, and apposed many of Hitler's policies. His quick climb up the ladder is truly a testament to his excellent service with SS-Division "Totenkopf"

</doc>
<doc id="20770097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770097" title="Everhardt Franßen">
Everhardt Franßen


</doc>
<doc id="20770104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770104" title="The Serpent Servant">
The Serpent Servant

The Serpent Servant is the second album by Christian deathcore band Impending Doom. They worked with the metalcore band As I Lay Dying vocalist Tim Lambesis and his production partner Daniel Castleman to record the album. The album was released in the US on March 31, 2009 from Facedown Records and on March 30, 2009 through Siege Of Amida Records.
This album hit #144 on the Billboard top 200. #3 In Heatseekers. The Serpent Servant sold 4,300 copies in its first week. It is the last album by the band to feature lead guitarist Manny Contreras before he rejoined the band in 2012, the first to feature rhythm guitarist Cory Johnson (ex-Sleeping Giant), and the only album to feature drummer Chad Blackwell.

</doc>
<doc id="20770109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770109" title="Stoke Goldington Steam Rally">
Stoke Goldington Steam Rally

Stoke Goldington Steam Rally & Country Fayre was an annual show which showcased UK heritage in the form of Steam Engines, Stationary Engines, vintage tractors and other agricultural machinery. The show was held on the second weekend in May, at Westside Farm, Stoke Goldington, for most of its approximately thirty-five year life, with the first show in 1976. The show was run by villagers and exhibit experts from the surrounding villages, and was set up to provide funds for the Stoke Goldington Village Hall which was opened in 1976. 
The events were set on a site on a hillside above the village. 

</doc>
<doc id="20770132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770132" title="Willi Geiger (judge)">
Willi Geiger (judge)


</doc>
<doc id="20770143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770143" title="Willi Geiger">
Willi Geiger

Willi Geiger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20770146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770146" title="Robot Award">
Robot Award

Robot Award is an annual awards event set up by Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) in 2006. It aims to promote research and development for the commercialization of robots and the use of robotics. In 2008, eight winners were selected from 65 applications.
Robots that have provided outstanding services in the past year are eligible for the award. The program selects and recognizes robots that have made, or are highly likely to make, significant contribution to future market development.
In this program, a robot is defined as an intelligent mechanical system that incorporates three technological elements: sensing, intelligence and control, and drive. Robots (and their parts and software) that fall within the following categories are eligible.
The selection process consisting of experts evaluating entries based on contribution to and potential for future market development. The selection criteria include: (a) social needs, (b) value from the user’s point of view, and (c) technological innovativeness.

</doc>
<doc id="20770155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770155" title="Cary Odell">
Cary Odell

Cary Odell (December 20, 1910 – January 19, 1988) was an American art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
He was born in Indiana and died in San Luis Obispo, California.
Selected filmography.
Odell was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20770166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770166" title="Ben Golden McCollum">
Ben Golden McCollum

Ben Golden McCollum was an outlaw in Oklahoma during the 1920s who was nicknamed the "Sheik of Boynton." McCollum robbed banks in both Prague, Oklahoma (where he got away with US$3400) and Checotah, Oklahoma ($4700) in 1929. He was captured on the streets of Boynton, Oklahoma shortly after the Checotah heist.
McCollum was convicted of both bank robberies and sentenced to a forty year term at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester, Oklahoma. On April 15, 1934, McCollum knifed two fellow inmates to death in a dispute over a card game. He was originally sentenced to death for the murders, but the sentence was later reduced to a life term. McCollum escaped prison in 1954 and was added to the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list soon afterwards. He was captured in 1958 at an Indianapolis boarding house and returned to McAlester. McCollum was paroled in 1961, at which time he relocated to Marcum, Kentucky.
McCollum was shotgunned to death at his home by a pair of youthful burglars on the night of August 12, 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20770192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770192" title="Euphrates softshell turtle">
Euphrates softshell turtle

The Euphrates softshell turtle (Rafetus euphraticus) is a species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family. It is found in the basin of the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers in Iraq, Syrian Arab Republic, Turkey, and Khūzestān Province of Iran. The species is threatened by waterway pollution and habitat destruction.
History.
The Euphrates softshell turtle became known to the western science when the French naturalist Guillaume-Antoine Olivier shot a specimen while crossing the Euphrates near Anah in June 1797. The local residents told him that the meat of this animal was not good to eat, but its fat was considered an excellent medication for a variety of skin diseases. Olivier named the species "Testudo rafcht", because, as he said "the Arabs called it "rafcht"".
Olivier's book did not explain what the name meant in Arabic; however a number of modern Arabic web pages say that the turtle is known locally as "ar-rafš"(الرفش), which is translated in standard dictionaries as "the spade" or "the shovel", and perhaps refers to the shape of the creature's carapace. Olivier passed the information about the creature to François Marie Daudin, who described it in his "Histoire des reptiles (1801).
Later naturalists apparently often misread Olivier's "rafcht" as "rafeht". The name "Rafetus euphraticus", and the "Rafetus" genus itself, were proposed by John Edward Gray in 1864, who mentions in his work that the species had been variously known as "Trionyx euphraticus", "Testudo euphraticus", "Trionyx rafeht", "Tyrse rafeht", or "Testudo rafeht".
Endangered status.
"Rafetus euphraticus" is an endangered species. According to the field research in Iran's Khuzestan, main threats to this species' survival in that region are habitat destruction, pollution, and killing by fishermen.

</doc>
<doc id="20770194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770194" title="Willi Geiger (painter)">
Willi Geiger (painter)

The son of a teacher, Willi Geiger was born 1878 in Landshut. From 1898-99 he attended the Munich Arts and Crafts School, and later the Technical University, where he passed the state examination to teach drawing. Willi Geiger studied from 1903 with Franz von Stuck at the Munich Academy, including together with Hans Purrmann. He was awarded the National prize and the Schack scholarship for some of his early work and he traveled to Spain, Italy, and North Africa. Willi Geiger was awarded the 1910 Villa Romana prize for his success as a graphic designer. He worked with Richard Dehmel, Frank Wedekind, and others.
Geiger lived until 1914 in Berlin and presented in the gallery. Then he went back to Munich and became a professor at the School of Decorative Arts. He copied paintings by the great Spanish painters Goya, Velasquez, and El Greco and turned to portrait painting. Geiger's study of El Greco's work is reflected in his portrait of the composer Hans Pfitzner.
After the seizure of power by the Nazis he was dismissed as a lecturer at the Leipzig Academy. He was politically opposed to the Nazi party, and his artworks were deemed "degenerate" by the authorities. On retirement he continued to paint, and after the war, in 1946 taught again at the College of Fine Arts in Munich. In 1951 Willi Geiger received the Culture Prize of the City of Munich where he lived until his death in 1971.
Willi Geiger's son, Rupprecht Geiger, also became a well-known artist and professor.

</doc>
<doc id="20770202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770202" title="Georges Cabana">
Georges Cabana

Georges Cabana (October 23, 1894 – February 6, 1986) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and Archbishop of Sherbrooke from 1952 to 1967.
Born in Granby, Quebec, Cabana studied at the Séminaire Saint-Charles-Borromée de Sherbrooke, Séminaire de Saint-Hyacinthe, and the Grand Séminaire de Montréal. He was ordained a priest in 1918. In 1941, he was made Titular Archbishop of Anchialus and was Coadjutor Archbishop of Saint-Boniface, Manitoba. 
In 1952, he was appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of Sherbrooke and became the Archbishop of Sherbrooke in 1952. He attended the Second Vatican Council and was a member of the Coetus Internationalis Patrum.
He resigned in 1967 and was appointed Titular Archbishop of Succuba. He died in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20770235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770235" title="Rudolf Katz">
Rudolf Katz

Biography.
Katz was born in Falkenburg, Farther Pomerania (modern Złocieniec, Poland) to Leopold Katz, a teacher and Jewish Kantor, and Hulda Katz. The family moved to Kiel in 1897, where Katz grew up. He began to study law at the University of Kiel in 1913 but volunteered for the German Army in World War I. Katz served as a Lieutenant and was wounded several times, he finished his studies in 1919 and gained his doctorate in 1920.
Katz joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany in 1920 and the Reichsbanner Schwarz-Rot-Gold in 1924. Katz was elected a member of the city council of Altona in 1929 and became its chairman in 1932. He worked as a lawyer (1924–33) and notary (1929–33) in Altona. In 1930 he left the Jewish Parish. Katz pleaded for communist defendants in the aftermath of the Altona Bloody Sunday of July 1932.
After Hitler took over power in Germany Katz fled to France in March 1933.
Along with Max Brauer, a Social Democrat and mayor of Altona, Katz became an envoy for municipal administration of the League of Nations in Nanjing in October 1933.
In 1935 he moved to the United States and worked at the Columbia University’s Institute for Public Administration and as a journalist for the Neue Volkszeitung, a German-language newspaper of socialdemocrat emigrants. Katz was a director of the Rand School of Social Science in New York and of The New Leader newspaper, he was active in the German Labour Delegation, part of the American Federation of Labor, and the ""German-American Council for the Liberation of Germany from Nazism"".
After Katz had lost his German citizenship because of the racialist Nazi laws, he became an United States citizen in 1941.
In July 1946 Katz returned to Germany along with Max Brauer and became Minister of Justice (1947–50) and Education (1948–49) in the State of Schleswig-Holstein. He regained his German citizenship in November 1947 and represented Schleswig-Holstein in the Parlamentarischer Rat, (“Parliamentary Council”), the predecessor of the West German Bundestag. In the negotiations of the German constitution Katz successfully proposed the invention of the Constructive vote of no confidence, while his suggestion to limit the number of members of the Bundestag to 300 and to implement a minimum threshold of 10 percent of votes failed.
In 1951 Katz became the Chairman of the second Senate and Vice President of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany. He was elected a member of the executive board of the
International Commission of Jurists at the New Delhi Congress in 1959.
Katz was married to Agnes Kühl in 1933. He died in Baden-Baden.

</doc>
<doc id="20770239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770239" title="Wu Shaocheng">
Wu Shaocheng

Wu Shaocheng (吳少誠) (750 – January 6, 810), formally the Prince of Puyang (濮陽王), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who, as the military governor of Zhangyi Circuit (彰義, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), ruled the circuit in a "de facto" independent manner from the imperial regime, at one point engaging a campaign against imperial forces.
Background.
Wu Shaocheng was born in 750, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from You Prefecture (幽州, in modern Beijing), and his father served as an officer at Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei). As a result of his father's service, Wu Shaocheng became a guard officer for an imperial prince. Later, on an occasion when he was in Jingnan Circuit (荊南, headquartered in modern Jingzhou, Hubei), the military governor ("Jiedushi") Yu Zhun (庾準) was impressed by Wu and kept Wu as a guard commander at his headquarters.
When Yu was subsequently recalled to the capital Chang'an, Wu followed him. As they went through Xiangyang, Wu saw that the military governor of the circuit headquartered at Xiangyang, Liang Chongyi of Shannan East Circuit (山南東道), was not following imperial orders, he secretly drafted strategies on defeating Liang and was planning on offering them to Emperor Dezong. He first offered them to general Li Xilie the military governor of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, the same circuit that would later be renamed Zhangyi). Li Xilie favored them and offered them to Emperor Dezong as his own strategies, and Emperor Dezong put Li in charge of the operations against Liang in 781. Li made Wu his forward commander in the campaign against Liang. After Li defeated Liang later in the year, leading to Liang's suicide, Wu was rewarded. When Li himself turned against the imperial government and declared himself emperor in 784, Wu continued to serve him. In 786, Li was assassinated by his officer Chen Xianqi, who submitted to imperial authority, and Emperor Dezong made Chen the military governor of Huaixi Circuit. Several months later, however, Wu, avenging Li, assassinated Chen. Emperor Dezong made his son Li Liang (李諒) the Prince of Qian the titular military governor, but did not send Li Liang to Huaixi, and made Wu the acting military governor.
Initial service as "Jiedushi".
During the brief duration that Chen Xianqi served as military governor, he had sent some 5,000 Huaixi troops to the western border of the empire to assist the defense of that border with Tufan. After Wu Shaochen assassinated Chen, he secretly ordered the commander of those troops, Wu Fachao (吳法超), to return to Huaixi. Wu Fachao thus mutinied in spring 787, took the troops, and headed back toward Huaixi without permission, and when the general commanding the operations against Tufan, Hun Zhen, sent troops to intercept Wu Fachao, Wu Fachao defeated the troops he sent. However, as Wu Fachao went through Shan'guo Circuit (陝虢, headquartered in modern Sanmenxia, Henan), he was crushed by the governor ("Guanchashi", 觀察使) of Shan'guo, Li Mi, with only some 47 soldiers making it back to Huaixi. Wu Shaocheng, as he did not want to damage his relations with the imperial government over this small number of soldiers, executed them and pretended to know nothing of their mutiny.
Wu Shaocheng was said to be an effective, diligent, frugal, and fair governor, but was not loyal to the imperial government. Later in 787, he strengthened the walls of Huaixi's capital Cai Prefecture (蔡州), intending to be ready to stand against any imperial attacks. Meanwhile, his secretary Zheng Chang (鄭常) and officer Yang Ji (楊冀) plotted to expel him and submit to the imperial government, and they had the scribe Liu She (劉涉) forge a number of imperial edicts, addressed to various Huaixi officers, to try to get them join the plot. Thereafter, when an imperial eunuch messenger arrived at Cai Prefecture, Wu went out of the city to welcome the imperial messenger, and Zheng and Yang were set to carry out their plot. However, someone informed the plot to Wu, and Wu executed Zheng, Yang, and another official involved in the plot, Zhang Boyuan (張伯元). Two others, Song Min (宋旻) and Cao Ji (曹濟) fled to the imperial capital Chang'an. In 789, Emperor Dezong made him full military governor.
In 793, when Liu Shi'ning (劉士寧) the military governor of nearby Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan) was expelled by his soldiers, and his officer Li Wanrong (李萬榮) took over, Wu took his troops to the borders with Xuanwu and demanded an explanation. Li, however, sent back sarcastic replies, and Wu, judging himself to lack the strength to attack Xuanwu at the time, withdrew. In 797, without imperial permission, Wu was digging a new canal, Dao Canal (刀溝), that would divert from Ru River (汝水, flowing through modern Zhumadian), claiming that it would be beneficial to the farmers, and when Emperor Dezong sent eunuchs to stop him, he refused to stop. When Emperor Dezong thereafter sent the official Lu Qun (盧群) to dissuade him, Lu pointed out that if he openly defied an imperial order, he risked having his subordinates defy him as well. Wu thereafter stopped the Dao Canal project.
Rebellion against Emperor Dezong.
In 798, for reasons lost to history, Wu Shaocheng, whose circuit had been renamed Zhangyi by this point, sent troops to pillage Huoshan County (霍山, in modern Lu'an, Anhui), belonging to Shou Prefecture (壽州, in modern Lu'an) of Huai'nan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), killing Huoshan's defender Xie Xiang (謝詳) and occupying Huoshan. In 799, he further attacked Tang Prefecture (唐州, in modern Zhumadian), belonging to Shannan East Circuit, killing its prefect Zhang Jiayu (張嘉瑜) and eunuch monitor Shao Guochao (邵國朝) and capturing over 1,000 residents. When Qu Huan (曲環) the military governor of Chenxu Circuit (陳許, headquartered in modern Xuchang, Henan) died in the fall that year, Wu further attacked Chenxu, putting its capital Xu Prefecture under siege, although his attacks were eventually repelled. (Wu had made a secret pact with then-military governor of Xuanwu, Liu Quanliang (劉全諒), to attack Chenxu together and divide its territory, but Liu died around that time as well, and Liu's successor Han Hong refused to follow the pact and further sent troops to help the defense against Wu's attack.) In response, Emperor Dezong stripped Wu of all of his offices and ordered the circuits around his to attack him. Subsequently, Han, along with Yu Di the military governor of Shannan East Circuit, Yi Shen (伊慎) the military governor of Anhuang Circuit (安黃, headquartered in modern Xiaogan, Hubei), Chenxu's new military governor Shangguan Shui (上官涗), and Shou Prefecture's prefect Wang Zong (王宗), attacked Wu together, initially enjoying some successes. However, as the imperial forces lacked a supreme commander, they did not coordinate their operations and did not look out for each other. Late in 799, for reasons unknown, the imperial forces suddenly collapsed themselves, abandoning their camp site at Little Yin River (小殷水, flowing through Luohe, Henan), and Wu was able to take over their supplies after they abandoned their camp. After forces sent from Chengde (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), Yiwu (義武, headquartered in modern Baoding, Hebei), Chenxu, and Heyang (河陽, headquartered in modern Luoyang, Henan) were also defeated by Wu in spring 800, Emperor Dezong commissioned Han Quanyi (韓全義) the military governor of Xiasui Circuit (夏綏, headquartered in modern Yulin, Shaanxi) as the overall commander of the forces against Wu. However, Han Quanyi was also unsuccessful against Wu and later in 800 was defeated at Wulou (五樓, in modern Zhumadian). After Wu withdrew back to Cai Prefecture in winter 800, Emperor Dezong, at the advice of the general Wei Gao and the chancellor Jia Dan, considered pardoning Wu. Wu also sent letters to nearby imperial eunuch messengers, requesting exoneration. Emperor Dezong thus pardoned Wu and his soldiers, restoring them to their titles. It was said that Wu, meanwhile, strengthened the resolve of the people of Zhangyi against imperial forces by showing them letters addressed to Han Quanyi that he captured in the Battle of Wulou, falsely claiming that those were requests by imperial officials requesting Han to pillage Zhangyi and seizing women to serve as the officials' concubines. He further had his soldiers' armors be inscribed with magical writing intended to curse the imperial troops.
Resubmission to Tang rule.
In 805, Emperor Dezong's son Emperor Shunzong gave Wu Shaocheng the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事).
When Wu Shaocheng was at Weibo, he had a close relationship with a Weibo officer named Wu Shaoyang. Sometime after he became military governor, he sent gold and silk to Weibo Circuit, requesting that he be allowed to have Wu Shaoyang. Weibo allowed Wu Shaoyang to report to Zhangyi. Wu Shaocheng claimed that Wu Shaoyang was a cousin, and gave him various commissions; Wu Shaoyang was also given access to Wu Shaocheng's mansion. Still, because Wu Shaocheng was cruel and suspicious, Wu Shaoyang requested a position not at headquarters, and Wu Shaocheng made him the prefect of Shen Prefecture (申州, in modern Xinyang, Henan). It was said that because Wu Shaoyang was lenient, he became favored by the army. When Wu Shaocheng grew ill in 809 and fell unconscious, his servant Xianyu Xiong'er (鮮于熊兒) forged an order in Wu Shaocheng's name recalling Wu Shaoyang to serve as deputy military governor. Wu Shaoyang put Wu Shaocheng's son Wu Yuanqing (吳元慶) to death and took over the circuit. After Wu Shaocheng died around the new year 810, Wu Shaoyang claimed the title of acting military governor, which was eventually recognized by Emperor Shunzong's son Emperor Xianzong later in 810.

</doc>
<doc id="20770249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770249" title="Murave">
Murave

Murave () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies in the Škofja Loka Hills north of Poljane.

</doc>
<doc id="20770263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770263" title="Civil Aviation Training Center">
Civil Aviation Training Center

Civil Aviation Training Center ("CATC") is located in Iran, with bases in Thailand, Tehran, Ahwaz, Mashhad, Shiraz, Esfahan and Tabriz.
Civil Aviation Training Center was established in 1982 under the aegis of International Civil Aviation Organization ("ICAO") and United Nations Development Programme ("UNDP"), the Civil Aviation Training Center is a highly advanced Airport Operation maintenance facility. It provides its students in Private and commercial piloting and regular air service.

</doc>
<doc id="20770269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770269" title="Sandee">
Sandee

Sandee can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20770277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770277" title="The Desert Song (disambiguation)">
The Desert Song (disambiguation)

The Desert Song is an operetta with music by Sigmund Romberg and book and lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II and Otto Harbach.
The Desert Song may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20770305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770305" title="Zinc-activated ion channel">
Zinc-activated ion channel

Zinc-activated ion channel (ZAC), is a human protein encoded by the gene. ZAC forms a cation-permeable ligand-gated ion channel of the "Cys-loop" superfamily. The ZAC gene is present in humans and dogs, but no ortholog is thought to exist in the rat or mouse genomes.
ZAC mRNA is expressed in prostate, thyroid, trachea, lung, brain (adult and fetal), spinal cord, skeletal muscle, heart, placenta, pancreas, liver, kidney and stomach. The endogenous ligand for ZAC is Zn2+, although ZAC has also been found to activate spontaneously. The function of spontaneous ZAC activation is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20770325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770325" title="Eric Engerbretson">
Eric Engerbretson

Eric Engerbretson is a talented singer, guitarist, and songwriter with a driving acoustic sound that touches on many styles, especially folk-rock, blues, and jazz. He has also been known and advertised for the last ten years as "Eric E." Eric has performed full-time since 1985, his music taking him to 49 of the United States and 18 countries around the world.
From 1980 to 1983 Eric wrote songs, played rhythm guitar, and sang lead for a band from Seattle called The Living Stones. In 1983 he toured for one summer playing bass for The Robert Case Band.
That tour extended from Seattle to LA to Miami. From 1985 to 1991 Eric traveled Europe and Japan performing in colleges, high schools, clubs, coffeehouses and festivals. From 1991 to the present Eric has traveled the U.S. performing in all sorts of venues, especially churches, colleges, and clubs, interspersing short tours in various parts of Europe, and Honduras, Central America. He has performed on prime-time TV in Holland, Denmark and Poland, and has performed for thousands at European music festivals, such as Flevo, Opstand, Roskilde, Maata Nakavyssa. Eric performed with the vocal jazz group, Soundsation, at the Montreaux Jazz Festival, and the North Sea Jazz Festival. Eric has opened for acts such as Jay Leno, Air Supply, Dan Seals, Citizen King, Phil Keaggy, Susan Ashton, Bryan Duncan, Bill Mize, Randy Stonehill, Larry Norman, Daryl Mansfield, Larry Howard, Glenn Kaiser, The Kry, Annie Herring and many others. Eric now lives in Idaho with his wife and sons.
Discography.
Eric E. is endorsed by Electro-Voice, John Pearse Strings, Lee Oscar Harmonicas, and Airwalk. He plays a Breedlove C-1 Maple acoustic with Sunrise, LR Baggs, & Barcus Berry pickups.

</doc>
<doc id="20770329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770329" title="The Desert Song (1943 film)">
The Desert Song (1943 film)

The Desert Song is a 1943 American musical film. It was directed by Robert Florey and starred Dennis Morgan, Irene Manning and Bruce Cabot. It is based on the 1926 operetta with music by Sigmund Romberg. It was nominated an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (Charles Novi, Jack McConaghy). 
This film version of the operetta is, like the 1929 film version, almost never seen today and copies are hard to come by, although it is technically more sophisticated than the earlier film due to its large budget and advances in both sound and color. It tries to make the operetta topical in terms of World War II, by having the outlaw hero with a dual identity fight the Nazis as well as Arabs. As in the 1953 film, the hero's name is changed to El Khobar, rather than the Red Shadow.
The 1943 "Desert Song" is perhaps the only instance in which a stage operetta of the 1920s has been updated to reflect topical concerns of the 1940s. In fact, the U.S. United States Office of War Information held up release of the firm for a year due to the shifting political position of France. It did well at the box office nonetheless.
This is the first film version of "The Desert Song" to be made in full three-strip Technicolor.

</doc>
<doc id="20770345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770345" title="The World Today (BBC World Service)">
The World Today (BBC World Service)

The World Today was BBC World Service's high profile, Sony Radio Academy Award winning, early morning news and current affairs programme, which as of 27 March 2011 was broadcast from 3:00 to 8:30 (GMT) daily. It consisted of news bulletins on the hour and half hour, serious international interviews and in-depth reports of world news. The World Service considered it to be one of their most important strands, as shown in 2011 when it was kept as one of four key outlets. It was announced on 27 June 2012 that both "The World Today" and "Network Africa" were to be axed, and from 23 July 2012 a new programme entitled "Newsday" would take their slot.
History.
"The World Today" was launched on the BBC's World Service in 1999 as part of a shake-up of the news programming. In June 2012 the programme moved to Broadcasting House in central London.
Presenters.
Due to the nature of "The World Today" many BBC personalities appear on the programme. Core presenters include:

</doc>
<doc id="20770350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770350" title="2001 Peruvian Segunda División">
2001 Peruvian Segunda División

The 2001 Segunda División Peruana, the second division of Peruvian football (soccer), was played by 16 teams. The tournament winner, Alcides Vigo was promoted to the Playoff. The last places, Aurora Chancayllo and Hijos de Yurimaguas were relegated. The tournament was played on a home-and-away round-robin basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20770400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770400" title="Internationaux de Nouvelle-Calédonie">
Internationaux de Nouvelle-Calédonie

The Internationaux de Nouvelle-Calédonie (currently knows as BNP Paribas de Nouvelle-Calédonie for sponsorship reasons) is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It has been held annually in Nouméa, New Caledonia since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20770401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770401" title="Olaf the Red">
Olaf the Red

Olaf the Red may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20770409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770409" title="Micaela Cocks">
Micaela Cocks

Micaela Cocks (born 2 May 1986 in North Shore, New Zealand) is a female basketball player for New Zealand. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal as part of the Tall Ferns New Zealand women's basketball team. She represented New Zealand and the Tall Ferns again at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games. 
She played for the Oregon Ducks (University of Oregon) women's basketball team.
She currently plays for the Townsville Fire of the Australian WNBL.

</doc>
<doc id="20770429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770429" title="G. H. Diggle">
G. H. Diggle

Geoffrey Harber Diggle (6 December 1902 – 13 February 1993) was a British chess player and writer. Diggle contributed articles to the "British Chess Magazine" ("BCM") from 1933 to 1981, and to the British Chess Federation's publications "Newsflash" and "Chess Moves" from 1974 to 1992. C.H.O'D. Alexander called Diggle "one of the best writers on chess that I know". In his "A Book of Chess", Alexander reproduced "in toto" Diggle's account, first published in the November and December 1943 "BCM", of the "de facto" 1843 world championship match between Staunton and St. Amant.
After Diggle told Alexander of a game he had lost in seven moves (1.e4 e5 2.Nc3 Nf6 3.Bc4 Nxe4 4.Bxf7+?! Kxf7 5.Nxe4 Nc6 6.Qf3+ Kg8 7.Ng5 1-0 Davids-Diggle, London Banks League 1949), Alexander affectionately christened Diggle "the Badmaster", a facetious counterpoint to the more familiar title Grandmaster. Diggle later adopted the sobriquet as a pseudonym, writing a series of articles in "Newsflash" under that name between 1974 and 1986.
Chess historian Edward Winter wrote the following in his remembrance of Diggle in CHESS magazine:
Specializing in nineteenth-century chess history (particularly the Staunton period), he brought the old masters to life with rare wit and shrewdness. These qualities also permeated his accounts of the idiosyncratic doings and sayings of club "characters", such as the elderly player "who fumbled his way to perdition at reasonable speed until he was a queen and two minor pieces to the bad, after which he discovered that 'every move demanded the nicest calculation'", or "the Lincoln bottom board of 1922, who complained that he had 'lost his queen about the third move and couldn’t seem to get going after that'."
A former county champion, G.H.D. was charmingly self-deprecatory in his reminiscences, as when he had a game adjudicated by Tartakower: "The Great Master, having been fetched, sat down at the board very simply and unaffectedly, and drank in through his spectacles the fruits (and probably the whole deplorable history) of the Badmaster’s afternoon strategy."
Little escaped G.H.D.'s eye, even towards the end. Modestly adapting Oscar Wilde, he claimed to have "nothing to declare but his longevity", simply adding that he had "mingled from time to time with three generations of eminent players ranging from Isidor Gunsberg to Nigel Short, and rambled extensively round the highways and byways of provincial chess". He was one of the game's most stylish chroniclers.
In 1984 and 1987, "Chess Notes" published two collections of Diggle's "Newsflash" articles as "Chess Characters: Reminiscences of a Badmaster" and "Chess Characters: Reminiscences of a Badmaster", Volume II.

</doc>
<doc id="20770445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770445" title="Ladins">
Ladins

Ladins can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20770448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770448" title="Index of Bermuda-related articles">
Index of Bermuda-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the British Overseas Territory of the Bermuda Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20770452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770452" title="Charles Novi">
Charles Novi

Charles Novi (June 30, 1887 – April 1966) was an American art director. He was nominated an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Desert Song".

</doc>
<doc id="20770460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770460" title="Podgora, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Podgora, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Podgora is a settlement on the left bank of the Poljane Sora River near Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20770474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770474" title="Nova Oselica">
Nova Oselica

Nova Oselica () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. 
The local church is dedicated to Saint John of Nepomuk. It was built on the site of an older church in the mid-18th century. The main altar is made of stone and dates to 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="20770500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770500" title="Jack McConaghy">
Jack McConaghy

Jack McConaghy (December 21, 1902 – October 13, 1977) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
McConaghy was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20770507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770507" title="2000 Peruvian Segunda División">
2000 Peruvian Segunda División

The 2000 Segunda División Peruana, the second division of Peruvian football (soccer), was played by 13 teams. The tournament winner, Deportivo Aviación was promoted to the Playoff. The tournament was played on a home-and-away round-robin basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20770517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770517" title="R. W. Johnson">
R. W. Johnson

R. W. Johnson (born 1943) is a British-South African journalist and historian. Born in England, he was educated at Natal University and Oxford University, as a Rhodes Scholar. He was a fellow in politics at Magdalen College, Oxford, for twenty-six years; he remains an emeritus fellow. He was formerly Director of the Helen Suzman Foundation in Johannesburg.
He is currently a South Africa correspondent for the London "Sunday Times" and also writes for the "London Review of Books" His articles for the "LRB" generally cover South African and, to a lesser extent, Zimbabwean affairs.
In early March 2009, Johnson injured his left foot while swimming, it became infected with necrotizing fasciitis and his leg was amputated below the knee. 
Accusations of Racism.
In 2010 the Rhodes Scholar and former director of the Helen Suzman Foundation was labelled a racist by 73 prominent writers and academics, who objected to an article posted on the London Review of Books website under the title “After the World Cup" in which he labelled the occupants of informal settlements as "baboons." The LRB was forced to pull the posting after intense pressure from the public.
In 2014, further accusations of racism were leveled against RW Johnson by prominent journalist Eusebius Mckaiser during a talk show on Power FM. Listeners calling in also sided with Eusebius and tore into RW Johnson's assertions that South African blacks associate white leadership with excellence. 

</doc>
<doc id="20770529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770529" title="Rebecca Cotton">
Rebecca Cotton

Rebecca Cotton (born 23 August 1974 in Nelson, New Zealand) is a female basketball player for New Zealand. She competed at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics for the Tall Ferns New Zealand women's basketball team. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she was part of the silver medal winning Tall Ferns side.

</doc>
<doc id="20770534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770534" title="Watts Mortuary Chapel">
Watts Mortuary Chapel

The Watts Mortuary Chapel (locally known as Watts Cemetery Chapel) is a Gothic Revival chapel and mortuary located in the village of Compton in Surrey.
As a follower of the Home Arts and Industries Association, set up by Earl Brownlow in 1885 to encourage handicrafts among the lower classes, when Compton Parish Council created a new cemetery, local resident artist Mary Fraser-Tytler, the wife of Victorian era painter and sculptor George Frederic Watts, offered to design and build a new mortuary chapel. The chapel was the Watts's contribution to this characteristically Victorian preoccupation with social improvement through creative enlightenment.
Leading a group of local amateurs and enthusiasts, many of whom later went on with Mary Fraser-Tytler to found the Compton Potters' Arts Guild, it was constructed from 1896 to 1898 with virtually every village resident involved. Essentially circular, from the outside it has the look of a Roman Italianate chapel; local villagers were invited to decorate the chapel under her guidance, resulting in an interior which is a merger of angels and Arthurian legend meets Edward Burne-Jones. Each member of Fraser-Tytler's evening class, led by Louis Deuchars, had a separate job, with 74 Compton villagers taking part. G.F. Watts paid for the project and also painted a version of "The All-Pervading" for the altar only three months before he died.
The graves include Arts and Crafts movement type sayings, including ""The Morning Stars Sang Together"" and, inside the chapel, ""Their hope is full of immorality but the souls of the righteous are in the hands of God.""
Members of the Huxley family, including Aldous Huxley, are buried within the chapel grounds.
The chapel is open between 9 am and 5 pm each day (closes at sunset in winter).

</doc>
<doc id="20770536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770536" title="Podjelovo Brdo">
Podjelovo Brdo

Podjelovo Brdo () is a dispersed settlement in the Škofja Loka Hills, east of Gorenja Vas, in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20770538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770538" title="Howard Pack">
Howard Pack

Howard Meade Pack (September 21, 1918 – December 9, 2008) was a shipping industry executive who served as the chairman and president of Seatrain Lines, an innovator in the way ships carried freight.
Life.
Pack was born in Manhattan on September 21, 1918. He attended Columbia University, graduating in 1939 with a degree in economics. Pack went into business with his father, who was a furrier. Pack served in the United States Coast Guard during World War II. After his military service, he came back to the family business where he met Joseph Kahn, who also worked in the fur business.
Pack and Kahn formed Transeastern Associates in the early 1950s with the purchase of a Liberty ship. By 1965, Transeastern controlled 36 ships, most sailing under the United States flag, including the , a 108,400-ton tanker that was then the largest craft under the US flag. Transeastern used the "Manhattan" as a bulk carrier, loading it with such cargoes as 101,000 tons of wheat sent to Pakistan.
Through Transeastern Associates, Pack and Kahn bought Seatrain Lines in 1965 for $8.5 million. The firm, which had been established in 1931, had six ships in its fleet that it used to carry loaded railroad boxcars between ports, rather than the then-industry standard of loading cargo into the hold of ships using nets, cranes and many longshoremen. At the time of their purchase, Seatrain operated between New York and ports in Savannah, Georgia, Texas City, Texas, New Orleans and Puerto Rico. Transeastern was folded into Seatrain in September 1966; At the time Seatrain had lost more than $500,000 in a for-month period before the merger, while Transeastern's fleet had netted nearly $7 million in a ten-month period. Under their management, Seatrain purchased ships that could carry shipping containers, which could be transferred between ships and trucks or trains, making them one of the earliest in the industry to make this conversion.
Pack and Kahn expanded the business into shipbuilding, using facilities at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. Additionally, the firm established a large international container shipping division headquartered in Weehawken, New Jersey. By the 1970s, the firm had 4,000 employees and was earning $250 million annually, but was hurt by the 1973 oil crisis, dockworker strikes and overbuilding in the shipping industry. By 1981, the firm was shut down.
A resident of Scarsdale, New York, Pack died at age 90 on December 9, 2008 due to heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20770543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770543" title="Jean-Marie Fortier">
Jean-Marie Fortier

Jean-Marie Fortier (July 1, 1920 – October 31, 2002) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, Bishop of Gaspé, and Archbishop of Sherbrooke.
Born in Quebec City, Quebec, Fortier was ordained a priest in 1944. In 1960, he was appointed Titular Bishop of Pomaria and Auxiliary Bishop of Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière, Québec. In 1965, he was appointed Bishop of Gaspé and was made Archbishop of Sherbrooke in 1968. He retired in 1996 and died in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20770552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770552" title="Thacher Island">
Thacher Island

Thacher Island is a small island off Cape Ann on the Massachusetts coast in the United States. It is a part of the Town of Rockport. It was a place where some naval confrontations, both minor and major, took place, which helped secure victory for the colonists. The island, named after Anthony Thacher, is located in perilous waters, where there have been many shipwrecks. With the large number of shipwrecks around this area, there was a petition sent from sea captains to erect a light on the island. On April 22, 1771, the provincial government authorized construction of two lighthouses on the island. The lights went on December 21, 1771.
Although these lights were valuable assistance for the fishermen and sailors of the sea, there was a strong feeling among the townspeople that the lighthouse was helping the British fleet more than it was helping the Patriot cause. This feeling increased after hostilities erupted with the Battles of Lexington and Concord and the Battle of Bunker Hill. Early in July 1775, Dr. Samuel Rogers of Gloucester led his company of minutemen to the island. There they destroyed the lights, and brought the keeper, one Captain Kirkwood, his family, and his assistants back to the mainland.
The Thacher Island National Wildlife Refuge occupies the northern part of the island.
References.
Captains Courageous,Rudyard Kipling

</doc>
<doc id="20770562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770562" title="West Dinajpur district">
West Dinajpur district

West Dinajpur district () was a district of the state of West Bengal from 1947 to 1992. At India's independence, the former Dinajpur district of undivided Bengal was partitioned along religious lines, and West Dinajpur became one of the 14 districts of West Bengal. The other part of the district continues as Dinajpur district in Bangladesh. 
With the States Reorganisation Act of 1956, some Bengali-speaking areas from Bihar were added to this district. On 1 April 1992, the West Dinajpur district was divided into Uttar Dinajpur district (north) and Dakshin Dinajpur district (south).

</doc>
<doc id="20770579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770579" title="Zwijndrecht railway station">
Zwijndrecht railway station

Zwijndrecht is a railway station in Zwijndrecht, Netherlands, located on the Breda–Rotterdam railway between Rotterdam and Dordrecht.
Zwijndrecht's first railway station was opened on 1 November 1872. In 1895 the station was relocated to the southeast, because the old location was not very convenient. The current railway building was constructed in 1965.
Train services.
The following services call at Zwijndrecht:

</doc>
<doc id="20770584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770584" title="Minä ja pojat">
Minä ja pojat

Minä ja pojat is the fourth album by Finnish rock group Ismo Alanko Säätiö, released in 2004.
Track listing.
Music and lyrics by Ismo Alanko, unless where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20770587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770587" title="Bindusara River">
Bindusara River

Bindusara (also called Bendsura) is a small river situated in the district of Beed in Maharashtra state of India. It is a tributory river of Sindphana and a sub-tributory of Godavari river.
Bindusara originates in the hills of Balaghat near the village Waghira, in south of district Beed in Patoda taluqa. It is a hilly area. Various small streams contributes to the river. The city of Beed is situated on the banks of Bindusara river.
Bendsura is a rapid and seasonal river. A reservoir; Bendsura Project (capacity 7.106 mm3) was constructed on the river in 1955 near the village Pāli, about 10 km south of Beed. 
At some places the river is narrow and looks like a stream. The lack of vegetation and rocky and undulating terrain contributes to violent floods in heavy rains. These have repeatedly caused substantial loss of property and life in the history of Beed town, most recently on July 23, 1989 when a massive flooding of three habitations in the town caused a number of dead or missing and property losses of millions of rupees.
Bendsura river flows from south to north and meets Sindphana river, about 10 km north of Beed town. Total length of the river is about 40 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20770589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770589" title="Air-to-ground weaponry">
Air-to-ground weaponry

Air-to-ground weaponry is weapons used by combat aircraft to attack ground targets. The weapons include bombs, machine guns, autocannons, air-to-surface missiles, rockets, air-launched cruise missiles and grenade launchers.

</doc>
<doc id="20770595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770595" title="Richard Pefferle">
Richard Pefferle

Richard Pefferle (5 January 1905–7 March 1969) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for six Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Pefferle was nominated for six Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20770600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770600" title="Podobeno">
Podobeno

Podobeno is a settlement north of Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Podobeno include:

</doc>
<doc id="20770603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770603" title="Armstrong Siddeley Cougar">
Armstrong Siddeley Cougar

The Armstrong Siddeley Cougar was an aero engine developed by Armstrong Siddeley in 1945. The design was a departure from earlier Armstrong Siddeley engines in many ways, it was the company's only nine-cylinder radial design. Although the engine was tested it did not find an aircraft application and was not produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20770609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770609" title="Aneka Kerr">
Aneka Kerr

Aneka Kerr (born 1 March 1981 in Rangiora, New Zealand) is a female basketball player for New Zealand. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal as part of the Tall Ferns New Zealand women's basketball team. Kerr represented New Zealand and the Tall Ferns at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.
Kerr also played in the Women's National Basketball League in Australia with teams from Melbourne, Townsville, Dandenong and Christchurch.

</doc>
<doc id="20770628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770628" title="Index of Bolivia-related articles">
Index of Bolivia-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Republic of Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="20770630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770630" title="Red Elvises discography">
Red Elvises discography


</doc>
<doc id="20770686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770686" title="Friends of Newin Group">
Friends of Newin Group

The Friends of Newin Group ( was a faction of MPs in the People's Power Party led by Newin Chidchob, former Thai Rak Thai cabinet minister, in the House of Representatives of Thailand. After the 2008 political crisis and Constitutional Court decision, these MPs defected from the People's Power Party (PPP) to the Bhumjaithai Party.
The Friends of Newin Group was formed as a faction of the PPP in after the 2007 election in which the pro-Thaksin People's Power Party under Samak Sundaravej won the plurality of seats in the National Assembly. The faction had the highest number of PPP MPs.
After the indictment and resignation of Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej in September 2008, Somchai Wongsawat gained the faction's votes, and the group voted for Somchai for Prime Minister. Somchai had to resign as the Constitutional court dissolved the People's Power Party and two other coalition partners for election fraud on December 2, 2008. The Friends of Newin Group's MPs were given 60 days to register to a new party or to join an existing one.
On 9 December 2008, the group's leader Newin Chidchob caused a breakthrough in Thai politics by announcing his support for Democrat Party leader Abhisit Vejjajiva, of the party that was in opposition to the PPP-led government, as the next Prime Minister of Thailand. He assured Abhisit and Suthep Thuagsuban (General Secretary of the Democrat Party) that he and his group would vote for Abhisit for Prime Minister, thereby crossing the aisle. It is alleged that Army commander and co-leader of the 2006 coup, General Anupong Paochinda, coerced the MPs of the Friends of Newin Group to endorse a Democrat Party-led coalition, which would secure enough parliamentary votes to allow Abhisit to be elected Prime Minister On December 13, Thaksin Shinawatra, Newin's former boss and benefactor, in a recorded message played at a National United Front of Democracy Against Dictatorship (or UDD) rally, blasted the group as 'traitors and betrayers of the people.' On December 15, 235 MPs in the House of Representatives voted for Abhisit versus 198 
votes for Pracha Promnok endorsed by the pro-Thaksin party, Pheu Thai Party. Abhisit, leader of the Democrat Party, became the new prime minister.
Thereafter, the MPs of the Friends of Newin group founded the Bhumjaithai Party. Newin supports the Bhumjaithai Party. The Bhumjaithai Party currently has 5 Cabinet posts including the Interior Ministry.
Members.
Currently, the Bhumjaithai Party, where the former Friends of Newin MPs are now, has about 32 members in the House of Representatives:

</doc>
<doc id="20770694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770694" title="Lady in the Dark (film)">
Lady in the Dark (film)

Lady in the Dark is a 1944 American Technicolor musical film directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Ginger Rogers. It was nominated for three Academy Awards; for Best Cinematography, Best Music and Best Art Direction (Hans Dreier, Raoul Pene Du Bois, Ray Moyer). 
Plot.
Life has become a series of headaches and bad dreams for Liza Elliott, the successful editor-in-chief of Allure fashion magazine. She is being romanced by publisher Kendall Nesbitt, but he is married and slow in obtaining a divorce. And her second-in-command, Charley Johnson, is a cut-up who drives her so crazy with his jokes, Liza ends up seeing him in her craziest dreams at night.
Reluctantly going into psychoanalysis with Dr. Alex Brooks, she discounts his theory that something from her past has caused Liza to take a no-nonsense approach to life and avoid all attempts at ever being glamorous.
Colleagues swoon when Hollywood movie star Randy Curtis arrives at Allure for a photo shoot. Kendall abruptly claims to be free at last, but Liza holds him off by accepting a dinner date offer from Randy instead. Aware that he doesn't care about her looks, the Allure editor becomes quite alluring herself in a beautiful dress for a change.
Charley quits to work for a magazine where he can be in charge. It turns out that all Randy is interested in is Liza running his studio's production company. While trying to persuade Charley to stay at Allure, she suddenly finds herself kissing him, the last man she'd ever expected to love.
Production background.
The film was based on the 1941 Broadway musical "Lady in the Dark", written by Kurt Weill (music), Ira Gershwin (lyrics), and Moss Hart (book and direction). The film version cut most of the Weill/Gershwin songs from the score. "The Saga of Jenny" and "Girl of the Moment" remained, and part of "This Is New" is played by a nightclub band in the background. Part of "My Ship" was hummed by Ginger Rogers, but the song itself was never sung.

</doc>
<doc id="20770703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770703" title="Jessica McCormack">
Jessica McCormack

Jessica McCormack (born 8 September 1989 in Hamilton, New Zealand) is a women's basketball and netball player. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal as part of the Tall Ferns New Zealand women's basketball team. McCormack represented New Zealand in basketball again at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
McCormack played college basketball in the United States for the University of Washington and the University of Connecticut. In 2009, she returned to New Zealand in 2009 for surgery on an Achilles tendon injury. That year, McCormack was also signed for the Netball New Zealand Accelerant Group, a development squad for potential players in the New Zealand netball team, the Silver Ferns. She later signed with the Canberra Capitals in the Australian WNBL.

</doc>
<doc id="20770709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770709" title="Shinjuku Mitsui Building">
Shinjuku Mitsui Building

The is a high-rise building in super in the corner in the heart of New Urban Center, Nishi-Shinjuku, Shinjuku, Tokyo. It is run by Mitsui Fudosan. Known as the Shinjuku Mitsui Building. Some even called a Mii or just building. It is the eighth tallest building in Tokyo, and was the tallest building in Tokyo and Japan, from September 1974 until March 1978, when Sunshine 60 was completed.
It was built in the style of American buildings that were being built at around that time. The thing that made it stand out was the black channels running down its east and west sides. At the base of the skyscraper, there is a sunken garden and a surprisingly large plaza. In addition to the sunken garden, there is also a roof-top garden.
Structure.
Its height is 210 meters high, 225 meters maximum crest. The tone and the black glass building, the conspicuous appearance in the skyscrapers of Shinjuku. The original tower is now completed and that black was white. Shinjuku Center Building itself from a height of two meters high next to the Shinjuku Center Building, this building one lot at a convenient height from floor to floor, there actually seems to become lower.
Steel X-shaped building on the side, along with the bracing for seismic reinforcement, which is also a machine room door holding the ends of the floor established. Machine room door is 4-5 and summarized in a single-storey building with one that looks like a machine that can be easily replaced by opening it and Air Conditioning. Incorporate the design of the Keio Plaza Hotel also installed in some exposed to the outside fire escape, which have been incorporated in the design溜Maranai escape the smoke of a fire.
Tenants.
Major tenants.
The Capcom Tokyo offices are in the building.
Spot tenants.
From ancient times to the present Shinjuku skyscrapers in Shinjuku has the highest rank, as a tenant in the building are many companies entering. Despite the progress that has been building age, has been well maintained inside and outside the building, there is a very clean feeling.
55 on the first floor on the top floor is open for several years had been operating from a Chinatown restaurant occupies one floor, and now has offices and tenants. 54 There are two restaurants on the ground floor shops, one of the Haya Sono Mitsui employees available to OB companion restaurant and "Shinjuku Mitsui Club" is. This one observation room was left open to the public unless you enter the shop to shop does not exist. The square in front of the building, "Plaza 55" does have concerts and other events take place.
Among many others. (2008 of October)

</doc>
<doc id="20770711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770711" title="Podvrh, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Podvrh, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Podvrh (; ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Poljane in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20770723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770723" title="Jean Deleage">
Jean Deleage

Dr. Jean Deleage Ph.D. (1940–2011) was an early venture capital investor responsible for the founding or co-founding of three notable venture capital firms since 1971: Sofinnova, Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co. and Alta Partners.
Career.
Deleage began investing in venture capital in 1971 with the formation of Sofinnova (officially founded in 1972). Five years later, in 1976, Deleage founded Sofinnova’s US business, based in San Francisco, Sofinnova, Inc. In 1997, when Sofinnova split into two firms, the US business would come to be known as Sofinnova Ventures. 
In 1979, Deleage, who worked left Sofinnova to co-found a new, bi-coastal venture capital firm Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co. (BEDCO), with Craig Burr and William P. Egan, who had worked together at TA Associates. BEDCO was one of the largest and most active venture capital firms in the 1980s and early 1990s. Deleage and BEDCO were early investors in a number of notable venture backed companies including Cephalon, Chiron and Genentech. Additionally, Deleage facilitated a significant partnership between BEDCO and Sofinnova, leading to a number of co-investments. 
BEDCO invested in information technology, communications, and healthcare/biotechnology companies, and at its zenith managed $700 million in assets. The principals of BEDCO separated in 1995 and 1996, leading Deleage to found Alta Partners along with Garrett Gruener, a former partner at BEDCO. Alta Partners is one of several successors to BEDCO founded in the mid-1990s and has raised over $1.9 billion of investor commitments since inception.
Education.
Jean received a Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering from the École Supérieure d'Électricité and a Ph.D. in Economics from the Sorbonne.
Other affiliations.
In 1984, Dr. Deleage was awarded the Ordre National du Merite. In 1993, Deleage was also awarded the Legion of Honor by the French government in recognition of his career accomplishments.
Deleage was a member of the board of directors of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., TorreyPines Therapeutics, Inc. and several private companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20770729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770729" title="Haralds Vasiļjevs">
Haralds Vasiļjevs

Haralds Vasiļjevs is a Latvian ice hockey coach. He is a former national team head coach. He played for Dinamo Riga in the USSR Championship. Currently he is head coach of the youth programs for the Graz 99ers".
Coaching career.
Vasiļjevs started coaching with an internship with Dinamo Riga after completing the Russian hockey coaching school after being deemed to have the highest qualification to coach necessary. He then had an internship with his original coach Viktor Tikhonov. From 1985 to 1990, he was the head coach of RASMS Riga, the Dinamo Riga farm club. In 1990, he took the head coaching job at EHC Dortmund and through 1994 brought the team up from the Landesliga to the 2nd Bundesliga.
From 1994 to 2001, Vasiļjevs held various coaching positions in the Krefeld Pinguine organisation, including head coach of the club's Junior team in the Deutsche Nachwuchs-Liga. In 2000, he received the highest approval from the Deutscher Eishockey-Bund and received his Level A Head Coach license. He was the assistant coach of the Krefeld from 1998 to 2001. He was the head coach of the Pinguine until 2004. 
He was most recently the head coach of HK Riga 2000.
Coach of Latvian National Team.
Vasiļjevs was coach of the Latvia men's national ice hockey team from 1999 to 2001 and coached in 34 games. He won two tournaments as the head coach: the 1999 World Cup of Hockey qualifier held in Sheffield, England and the Olympic Qualification that was held in Klagenfurt, Austria. Under his tutelage, the Latvians best finish at the World Championships was 8th place in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20770737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770737" title="My Bare Lady (film)">
My Bare Lady (film)

My Bare Lady is a 1963 exploitation film directed by Arthur Knight about a young American woman visiting Great Britain who meets and falls in love with a U.S. Korean War veteran who is involved with a local nudist camp. The young woman is initially distressed at the man’s clothing-free lifestyle, but later changes her mind and sheds her garments when a kindly housekeeper relates a romantic story of a young couple who fell in love in Paris and later married at a British nudist colony.
"My Bare Lady" was also released with the titles "Bare Lady", "Bare World", "It's a Bare World" and "My Seven Little Bares".
References.
VIRUS

</doc>
<doc id="20770752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770752" title="Predmost">
Predmost

Predmost is a settlement on the right bank of the Poljane Sora River next to Poljane in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20770762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770762" title="Jim Sinclair">
Jim Sinclair

Jim Sinclair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20770767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770767" title="Asko Paade">
Asko Paade

Asko Paade (born on June 9, 1984) is an Estonian basketball player who currently plays for Estonian basketball team Tartu Ülikool, power forward position. 
He was also a member of Estonia national basketball team in 2003 – 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20770774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770774" title="Husiatyn Synagogue">
Husiatyn Synagogue

The Husiatyn Synagogue ("Festungs-Schule") is a former synagogue in Husiatyn, Galicia, Ukraine.
The synagogue is a rare example of a sixteenth-century "Fortress synagogue" built in Renaissance style.
S. Ansky describes it as "one of the lovliest and most splendid in Galicia." Omer Bartov describes the synagogue as "exquisite."
In 1972 the standing ruin was renovated and turned into a museum. Today, the roof has collapsed and the building stands vacant.

</doc>
<doc id="20770776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770776" title="Greeks in Zambia">
Greeks in Zambia

The Greek community of Zambia comprises about 800 people (235 families) today, roughly half of whom hail from Cyprus. Most are concentrated in the capital Lusaka, while there are smaller enclaves in Luanshya and Kitwe.
Migration history.
The Greek presence in Zambia is dated to the early 20th century when many Greeks settled in nearby Congo. In particular there was a community in the trading center of Luapula. By the 1920s Greek traders and fishermen had established a center in Katanga and from there plied the river trade of the Congo to Zambia where many settled.
Present situation.
Today the Greek Community owns a building complex in Lusaka where the St. Alexander holy temple is housed along with a hall, a nursery, and boarding house for the second Greek teacher for the community's afternoon school. The Greek Orthodox community in Zambia is under the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Alexandria and has begun the construction of a mission center in the capital. In September 2008 a new school was founded by the Greek community that will also serve the needs of the wider Zambian community, in particular children from areas not served by other schools.
Community organisations.
The community is represented by the Hellenic Association of Zambia (HAZ) which, together with the SAE - World Council of Hellenes Abroad play an important role in supporting the country's cultural activities, in particular the Zambian Independence Mini Olympics (ZIMO). HAZ sponsors underprivileged and street-children in order to allow them to participate in the games.

</doc>
<doc id="20770778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770778" title="Lebanese Ground Forces Equipment">
Lebanese Ground Forces Equipment

The Ground Forces of the Lebanese Armed Forces still contains significant amounts of old weaponry, but it has embarked on some major improvements recently. The M113, which is commonly found with every regiment and brigade, is considered to be the major element of the ground forces. A collection of Western and Soviet made arms and equipment exists ranging from rifles to tanks. However, the Lebanese army is still trying to rearm and modernize itself through new aids and purchases from different countries such as the USA, Belgium, Russia, and The Netherlands.
Rearming & Modernization.
The LAF has been attempting to modernize and equip itself since 2005. Due to the budget limits, and instead of spawning an indigenous arms industry the LAF is relying on donation and friendly priced equipment.
In November, 2010, Russia agreed to supply Lebanon with 31 T-72 tanks and 36 130mm howitzers, about half a million munitions for various weapons and thirty thousand artillery shells for the 130mm cannons.
Lebanon still waits Germany's approval on the sale of ex-Belgian Leopard 1/A5 tanks, part of a larger deal which included AIFV-B-C25 and M113-B-Amb, which were already delivered.
The USA has been supplying the LAF with light to medium arms since 2005, in the form of a package of more than 400 million USD-worth of equipment that is still being executed. Among these supplies are HMMWV, M-35/A3, Mk 19 grenade launcher, M141 Bunker Defeat Munition, AT4, and Barrett M107 .50 Cal. sniper. The US has promised to supply Lebanon with M-60 tanks, 10 of which arrived in May 2009 with the rest arriving consecutively. In addition, the US supplied Lebanon with 12 RQ-11 Raven small hand-launched UAVs and M198 Howitzers, and promised to deliver all water patrol boats and more utility helicopters.

</doc>
<doc id="20770779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770779" title="Thomas &quot;Pae-dog&quot; McEvoy">
Thomas &quot;Pae-dog&quot; McEvoy

Thomas "Pae-dog" McEvoy (December 19, 1947 – November 30, 1987) was a fringe member of Funkadelic and one of the most influential jazz horn players of the 1980s. Born in Islington, Alabama, he graduated from the Juilliard School of Music with honors and taught jazz horn for several years, alongside work with his band Ohm Vasectomy, who although largely forgotten today were a key influence on the Avant-funk movement. In the late 1970s McEvoy received a call from renegade P-Funk member Fuzzy Haskins, asking him to lend his horn stylings to the 1981 album "Connections & Disconnections".
This was to be McEvoy's only appearance on a Funkadelic record, as he fell out with Haskins after a dispute over the relative merits of "P-Funk" and McEvoy's own "Pae-Funk", as well as over McEvoy's stated intent to get a funk band to play rock music. He died in 1987 from AIDS after contracting HIV from his longtime girlfriend. In addition to his musical career, he left behind a body of work as an author (under the nom de plume Virginia Van Der Veer Hamilton), including a history of Alabama and a well-received treatise on reincarnation.

</doc>
<doc id="20770796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770796" title="Prelesje, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Prelesje, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Prelesje is a small settlement near the village of Lučine in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20770808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770808" title="Elisabeth C. Draper">
Elisabeth C. Draper

Elisabeth C. Draper (1900-1993) was a prominent interior decorator in New York City. Mrs. Draper was one of the grande dames of decorating in an era when a professionally decorated home was a mark of privilege. She became known for comfortable rooms that mixed antiques with contemporary furnishings.
Early life.
She was born Elisabeth Carrington Frank in New York City in 1900, the daughter of Charles and Louise Frank. She attended Miss Spence's School but left before her graduation in 1918 to be trained as a radio operator 1st class, and served in that capacity until the end of World War I. 
Career.
In 1929 Mrs. Draper and her sister, Tiffany Taylor, establishing a decorating firm called Taylor & Low. In 1935 she married Dr. George Draper and the next year she established a business under her own name. 
In 1948 she was hired by Columbia University to refurbish the President's House to make it ready for the new president of Columbia, Dwight D. Eisenhower. She decorated the Eisenhowers' New York home as well as the Eisenhower farmhouse in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. In 1980 Mrs. Draper was hired as a consultant to help the National Park Service document the history of the interior of the Eisenhower’s Gettysburg farmhouse.
She decorated the American Embassy in Paris for Ambassador Amory Houghton, worked on a number of rooms at the White House, and did the interiors of Blair House. The Old Merchant's House on East Fourth Street in Manhattan was restored under her direction. In 1967, she said: "I came along in that lovely ladies' era of decorating and just before all the talented men began emerging in the field."

</doc>
<doc id="20770817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770817" title="Please Come In">
Please Come In

Please Come In is the second single by the American southern rock band Black Stone Cherry from their second studio album "Folklore And Superstition". The song peaked at #24 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks Billboard chart.
Music video.
A Fillmoresque concert poster so enticing that a passerby gets literally drawn into its pseudo-psychedelic artistic work for a mystica, animated adventure. Even though it's clearly the girl depicted in the posted bill and not the band itself that grabs his attention, he does make his way to an actual Black Stone Cherry show where he finally catches up with the babe. The video directed by Adam Grabarnick.

</doc>
<doc id="20770818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770818" title="Crni Kamen">
Crni Kamen

Crni Kamen (Cyrillic: Црни Камен), meaning "black stone" in Serbo-Croatian and Macedonian, may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20770821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770821" title="Doug Finley">
Doug Finley

Michael Douglas "Doug" Finley (July 25, 1946 – May 11, 2013) was a Canadian Senator and was Campaign Director for the Conservative Party of Canada during the 2006 and 2008 federal elections and the party's director of Political Operations.
History.
Finley was born in Exeter, England, and later raised in Hamilton, Scotland. In his professional life, Finley worked for Rolls Royce Canada in Montreal, where he rose to the position of Director of Production, Strategic Planning and New Business Development. He then served as President of Standard Aero Corporation and Senior Vice President of Avcorp Industries. Later in his business career he worked as General Manager and Chief Operating Officer of Fernlea Flowers, of Delhi, Ontario.
Douglas Finley was described as Prime Minister Stephen Harper's "number two man" and an "attack dog", responsible for vetting and disciplining candidates and MPs. Prior to his involvement with Canadian federal politics, Finley was involved with the Scottish National Party. His first Canadian federal political involvement was in the 1974 campaign of Liberal candidate Rod Blaker, who was campaigning for re-election in the Quebec riding of Lachine. He later was involved with the former Reform and Canadian Alliance parties, predecessor parties to the Conservative Party of Canada.
Finley was married to cabinet minister Diane Finley, his second wife, for more than 30 years.
In 2005, Finley, along with Tom Flanagan, unsuccessfully attempted to influence former Conservative Member of Parliament Chuck Cadman, then sitting as an independent, to vote against the Liberal government of Paul Martin. Cadman's vote had the potential to defeat the Martin government.
While working as Campaign Director for the Conservative Party of Canada during the 2006 federal election, Finley, with his colleagues Irving Gerstein, Michael Donison and Susan Kehoe, was involved in what became known as the In and Out scandal., in relation to campaign funding.
In 2009, Finley was appointed to the Senate.
Finley died of cancer on May 11, 2013, after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20770823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770823" title="Iwo Jima Rail">
Iwo Jima Rail

The Iwo Jima Rail or White-browed Crake ("Porzana cinerea brevipes") was a rail native to the island of Iwo Jima. The last reported sightings were in 1924, and the species is believed to be extinct. It was a subspecies of the White-browed Crake.
Description.
The Iwo Jima Rail was coloured dark brown, with black mottles on its back, and a white colouration on its belly. The bird was typically about six inches long.
Ecology.
The species "cinereus" was typically found in both brackish water and fresh water marshes. Iwo Jima, however, lacked these features, and the Iwo Jima subspecies lived in the brush and tall grass along rivulets on the island, as well as damp places within the original forest cover.
Extinction.
When humans settled the island of Iwo Jima, they cleared away the existing forest to grow sugarcane. The forest clearance reduced the availability of fresh water, which forced the bird to come into the settlements to find water during the dry season. Here the birds often fell pray to cats. Combined with the introduction of rats to the island, this caused the extinction of the bird.
The last specimen of the bird was collected in 1911, and the last reported sightings were by T. T. Moniyama in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20770827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770827" title="Robidnica">
Robidnica

Robidnica is a small settlement above the village of Leskovica in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20770836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770836" title="Master Point Press">
Master Point Press

Master Point Press is a Canadian book publishing company located in Toronto, Canada. It grew out of Canadian Master Point magazine (1992–1997), which was published by Ray and Linda Lee. The company began publishing books in 1994. While primarily interested in books on contract bridge, MPP also publishes books on other games and intellectual pursuits, such as chess.
Notable bridge players whose works have been published by Master Point Press include Michael Rosenberg, Larry Cohen, Edwin Kantar, Terence Reese, Barbara Seagram, and David Bird.
Master Point Press receives funding from the Government of Canada through the Book Publishing Industry Development Program (BPIDP) for their publishing activities. The company has been expanding its online presence with a blogging site, as well as Mastering Bridge, a resource for both bridge teachers and students.

</doc>
<doc id="20770846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770846" title="Lauria sempronii">
Lauria sempronii

Lauria sempronii, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae. 
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands:

</doc>
<doc id="20770850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770850" title="Hubert Schmundt">
Hubert Schmundt

Karl Julius Gustav Hubert Schmundt (19 September 1888 – 17 October 1984) was an Admiral of the German Navy (Kriegsmarine) during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Schmundt joined the German Imperial Navy ("Kaiserliche Marine") as a cadet in 1908 and was commissioned as a lieutenant in 1911. He was serving with the German East Asia Squadron aboard SMS Scharnhorst between 1910 and 1913 and returned to Germany in 1913.
During World War I he was flag lieutenant of the 3rd destroyer flotilla and commanded the destroyer "V71" being promoted to Kapitänleutnant in 1918. Schmudt was awarded the Iron Cross first and second class.
Schmunt remained in the Navy after the end of the war and in the 1920s commanded the torpedo boat "S18" and served as a staff officer. He was promoted to Korvettenkapitänin 1927 and served as an aide to Defence Minister Wilhelm Groener between 1929 and 1932. During the 1930s Schmunt commanded the light cruisers Konigsberg (1934–35) and Nurnberg (1935–36). He became commander of the Naval Academy Mürwik in 1938 and was promoted to Rear Admiral.
In the Second World War Schmundt commanded the Bergen warship group during Operation Weserübung (squadron group consisted of light cruisers "Köln" (flagship) and the "Königsberg", an artillery training ship "Bremse", torpedo boat tender "Karl Peters, destroyers " Wolf " and " Leopard ", and a group of small warships). Subsequently Schmundt served as Admiral commanding Northern Norway (1941–42) including commanding Operation Wunderland, and as commander of German forces in the Baltic (1943–44). He was dismissed in April 1944 and taken prisoner by the British in 1945. He was released in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20770893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770893" title="George Ferguson">
George Ferguson

George Ferguson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20770901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770901" title="2008 Zuiderduin Masters">
2008 Zuiderduin Masters

The 2008 Zuiderduin Darts Masters was a darts competition held from December 12 to December 14, 2008, in Egmond aan Zee, Netherlands, run by the British Darts Organisation and the World Darts Federation . Having been an unranked event in previous years, it was installed as a major tournament in the BDO/WDF darts calendar, following the disbanding of the International Darts League and the World Darts Trophy. Also, for the first time, a women's competition was held.
In the men's event, number one seed Gary Anderson defended his title with a 5-4 win over number two seed, Scott Waites. The women's event was won by Lisa Ashton, who replaced the initial top seed Anastasia Dobromyslova following her withdrawal, beating Trina Gulliver in the final.
Results.
Mens tournament.
Group Stage.
"all matches best of 9 legs.<br>
P = Played; W = Won; L = Lost; LF = Legs For; LA = Legs Against; +/- = Leg Difference; Pts = Points"
Group A
Steve West 86.25 5-4 Ted Hankey 90.75 <br>
Gary Anderson 95.43 5-4 Ted Hankey 95.70 <br>
Gary Anderson 101.55 5-0 Steve West 76.26 <br>
<br>
Group B
Mareno Michels 90.60 5-1 Stuart Kellett 82.65 <br>
Darryl Fitton 95.46 5-2 Stuart Kellett 88.05 <br>
Darryl Fitton 88.14 5-3 Mareno Michels 88.13 <br>
<br>
Group C
Henny van der Ster 83.13 5-2 Martin Atkins 80.88 <br>
Mark Webster 95.76 5-4 Martin Atkins 90.15 <br>
Henny van der Ster 82.53 5-4 Mark Webster 81.66 <br>
<br>
Group D
Alan Norris 86.16 5-2 Geert de Vos 80.82 <br>
Martin Adams 97.71 5-1 Geert de Vos 78.24 <br>
Alan Norris 85.80 5-3 Martin Adams 76.26 <br>
Group E
Brian Woods 95.13 5-0 Willy van de Wiel 80.79 <br>
Gary Robson 89.88 5-1 Willy van de Wiel 83.85 <br>
Gary Robson 94.53 5-2 Brian Woods 86.94 <br>
<br>
Group F
Joey ten Berge 92.58 5-3 Andy Boulton 87.27 <br>
Tony O'Shea 94.32 5-3 Andy Boulton 90.81 <br>
Tony O'Shea 91.32 5-4 Joey ten Berge 88.80 <br>
<br>
Group G
Mark Barilli 89.82 5-4 Martin Phillips 83.67 <br>
Martin Phillips 98.31 5-1 Edwin Max 86.37 <br>
Edwin Max 83.79 5-3 Mark Barilli 84.36 <br>
<br>
Group H
Davy Richardson 90.45 5-2 Ross Montgomery 84.15 <br>
Ross Montgomery 86.67 5-4 Scott Waites 87.63 <br>
Scott Waites 88.41 5-0 Davy Richardson 75.72 <br>

</doc>
<doc id="20770914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770914" title="Window of the World Station">
Window of the World Station

Window of the World Station (), formerly Shijiezhichuang Station, is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of the north of Window of the World () in Shennan Dadao (), Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China. It provides access to two of the theme parks in Shenzhen, Window of the World and Happy Valley ().

</doc>
<doc id="20770918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770918" title="College of Traditional Chinese Medicine of Xinjiang Medical University">
College of Traditional Chinese Medicine of Xinjiang Medical University

The College of Traditional Chinese Medicine () is a degree awarding college working as a subsidiary of the Xinjiang Medical University, is the only autonomous institution of a higher Chinese medicine study in Urumqi. On May 31, 1985 the State Education Commission sanctioned the amount for the construction of the college building. In 1986, a new hospital building's construction started for the "under construction" college. On April 17, 1987 the Xinjiang government merged the college under the administration of the Xinjiang Medical University.

</doc>
<doc id="20770940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770940" title="Kristaps Sotnieks">
Kristaps Sotnieks

Kristaps Sotnieks (born January 29, 1987 in Riga, Soviet Union) is a Latvian professional ice-hockey player. He currently plays for Dinamo Rīga.
Career.
In his first season in senior hockey in 2004/05 Sotnieks mostly played for the reserves squad of HK Riga 2000 which played in the Latvian hockey league, however he also played 5 matches in the main team of Riga 2000 in Belarusian Extraliga. Due to the 2004–05 NHL lockout the squad of Riga 2000 was quite impressive that year, including NHLers Kārlis Skrastiņš, Sergejs Žoltoks and Darby Hendrickson, thus it was especially tough for youngsters like Sotnieks to get through on the main team. In 2005 Sotnieks played in five matches for Latvia at the U18 World Championships.
The next season Sotnieks was already a regular player in the main team of Riga 2000 which won bronze medals in the Belarusian Extraliga. In 42 matches he scored one goal, gave 4 assists and got 10 penalty minutes. In 2006 Sotnieks represented Latvia at the 2006 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships in Canada, earning 2 points for assists as Latvia was relegated to Division I.
The next two years Riga 2000 played only in the Latvian hockey league with Sotnieks as one of the most reliable defenders on the team. In 2005, 2006 and 2007 as a member of Riga 2000 Sotnieks won Latvian league titles.
When Dinamo Riga was formed in 2008 Sotnieks wasn't among the players who were expected to be playing regularly for the side which included former NHLers like Duvie Westcott and Filip Novák, as well as a whole selection of players who had played for Latvia national ice hockey team at several world championships - Atvars Tribuncovs, Rodrigo Laviņš, Guntis Galviņš, Krišjānis Rēdlihs, Oļegs Sorokins and Agris Saviels. Thus Sotnieks was expected to be a leading defender for HK Riga 2000 (the farm club of Dinamo) playing in the Belarusian league. However, Sotnieks became a regular for Dinamo. As of 17 February 2009, he has played 43 matches for Dinamo in the KHL, scoring two goals.
In February 2009 Sotnieks played for Latvia national ice hockey team in the Qualification to 2010 Winter Olympics, scoring two assists in three games and earning Latvia a qualification spot at the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20770942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770942" title="Leiostyla anglica">
Leiostyla anglica

Leiostyla anglica is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae. 
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of European countries and islands:

</doc>
<doc id="20770965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770965" title="What More Do I Need?">
What More Do I Need?

"What More Do I Need?" is the 94th episode of the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives". It is the seventh episode of the show's fifth season and aired on November 9, 2008.
Plot.
The story continues from the previous episode, when Lynette confronted Tom after she thought he is having an affair. They both misunderstood each other, but the situation is immediately resolved when Lynette realizes that Porter is the one who is having sex with Anne. Lynette and Tom ask Porter to end the relationship via the phone, but Porter refuses, fearing that Mr. Schilling might pick up the phone. During a PTA meeting, Anne asks the parents to become chaperons to the school prom. Lynette goes to the restroom and while Anne talks to her there, Lynette loses her temper and attacks Anne. Anne later confesses to Porter that she is pregnant. Porter decides to flee with Anne at the end of the episode.
Bree and Orson caught their employee, Charlie stealing money after installing the security camera in their test kitchen and he is fired. Later, Bree and Orson have sex in the test kitchen after they announce good news about their business. However, things turn sour when Andrew tells them that Charlie had stole the surveillance tape that contains a couple having sex and demands $2000 in return. Thinking that the couple might be them, Bree asks Andrew to get the tape at all costs. After Andrew, Bree and Orson view the tape, they discover that Katherine and Mike are the ones having sex. Bree later confronts Katherine about Katherine and Mike's relationship. Bree reminds Katherine that Susan is her oldest friend in the neighborhood and she doesn't want her to ruin their friendship, while Katherine does not see this as a problem as Susan is now dating Jackson and she is content.
Susan and Jackson restart their relationship. They promise each other that they will not have sex until their 4th date, and in the meantime they get to know each other better. During their dates, there are various opportunities to have sex, but both Jackson and Susan resist the temptation. In their 4th date, Susan noticed the portrait of her painted by Jackson and she is touched by it.
Gaby and her family spend their weekend in Virginia's house. Virginia asked them to stay overnight in her house, Carlos is reluctant, whereas Gaby agrees without hesitation. While the Solises watch a movie, Virginia joins in by cuddling with Gaby and Carlos in the bed, which makes them very uncomfortable. The next morning, Gaby is shocked when Virginia asks the girls to call her "Grandma", Gaby freaks out and decides to leave. During Celia's birthday party, Virginia drops by to fetch Celia to go buy a doll. Gaby refused and after Virginia's insistence, Gaby lost her patience and shoos her out. Furious, Virginia called the country club's manager to get Carlos fired.
Meanwhile, Karen McCluskey and Roberta investigate Dave's background. Roberta finds out through his phone records that there is a number that he calls repeatedly every month. They discover that particular number belongs to Dr. Heller, a criminal psychologist. They attempt to call Dr. Heller posing as an insurance company, planning to get any information from Dr. Heller but failed. However, Dr. Heller is shocked to learn that Dave is currently in Fairview, and decides to book a plane there in the end of the episode.

</doc>
<doc id="20770969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770969" title="Boy in Waiting">
Boy in Waiting

Boy in Waiting is an EP by English alternative rock band Starsailor, released on 3 December 2008 as a Free Digital Download worldwide for those who pre-ordered the Deluxe edition of their album All the Plans through Starsailor.net.
It features some of the tracks which did not make it onto "All the Plans".
Track listing.
Starsailor.net confirmed four songs for "Boy In Waiting" one day before the release. Three of these did not make All The Plans, except for Boy In Waiting 
The track listing of Boy In Waiting EP is: 

</doc>
<doc id="20770976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770976" title="United States presidential election in Kentucky, 2008">
United States presidential election in Kentucky, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Kentucky took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 8 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Kentucky was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 16.2% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. In the primaries Hillary Rodham Clinton was slightly defeating McCain in the Bluegrass State. Once Obama secured the Democratic nomination, Kentucky was moved into the safe GOP category. In the end, Kentucky voted for McCain with over 57% of the vote.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every pre-election poll, almost all of them by a double digit margin and with at least 49% of the vote. The final 3 polls averaged McCain leading 56% to 41%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $1,220,017. Barack Obama raised $2,394,198.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $183,738 while a conservative interest groups spent just $212. Each ticket visited the state once.
Analysis.
A conservative-leaning state, Kentucky did however vote for Democratic presidential candidates Jimmy Carter in 1976 and Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1996, both of whom were White Anglo-Saxon Protestants (WASPs) from the South, whereas Obama was an African American "big-city liberal" from Chicago.
Throughout the 2008 Democratic Presidential Primaries, Barack Obama experienced problems attracting voters in Appalachia, the mountainous region in which Kentucky is included. Kentucky supported Hillary Clinton over Obama by a margin of two-to-one in its primary election in which Obama only won just two counties - Jefferson County, which includes Louisville, and Fayette County, which contains Lexington. Exit polls conducted in the Kentucky Democratic Primary also found that just one out of three Hillary Clinton voters would vote for Obama in the general election, while 40% said they would vote for John McCain, and the rest wouldn't even vote.
During the general election, Obama opted not to campaign in Kentucky and preferred to spend his time and money and other resources in battleground states such as North Carolina and Indiana. Opinion polling in Kentucky showed McCain leading the state safely over Obama.
McCain carried Kentucky by 16.22 points on Election Day, although his margin of victory was slightly smaller than George W. Bush's in 2004. A number of counties in Southeastern Kentucky, a union stronghold, voted Republican for the first time since Ronald Reagan's 1984 landslide. These counties had been the bedrock of Bill Clinton's 1992 and 1996 victories. On the other hand, Obama did much better in the largest cities of Louisville and Lexington, improving upon Kerry's performance by double-digits in both.
Kentucky was the first state called for John McCain on Election Night, along with Vermont, which was immediately called for Barack Obama.
At the same time, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell, who also serves as Senate Minority Leader, was just narrowly reelected with 52.97% of the vote to Democrat Bruce Lunsford's 47.03%. Republicans also held onto an open seat vacated by Ron Lewis in Kentucky's 2nd Congressional District. At the state level, however, Democrats picked up two seats in the Kentucky House of Representatives. 
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain carried five of the state’s six congressional districts, including one of the two districts held by a Democrat. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Kentucky cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Kentucky is allocated 8 electors because it has 6 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 8 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 8 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 8 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20770979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770979" title="Progressive British Muslims">
Progressive British Muslims

Progressive British Muslims (PBM) is a group of Liberal British Muslims that formed following the London terrorist attacks of July 7, 2005.
March 2012 update - the organisation seems to be now defunct - an English Limited company of the same name is dissolved
, the website is no longer visible. In addition, spokesman Dr Shaaz Mahboob now appears to be active at British Muslims for Secular Democracy
The organisation was founded and is chaired by Farmida Bi, an expert in Islamic Finance to provide a voice for progressive Muslims who she felt were unrepresented by existing faith organisations. 
Since its foundation in 2005, PBM has produced policy papers, produced short films on Muslim participation in the 2008 US Presidential Election and is currently working on a project with young people in London and the British Sudanese community.
Progressive British Muslims do not claim to speak for all Muslims, or any particular group of Muslims.
The organisation has David Lammy MP as a patron.

</doc>
<doc id="20770982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20770982" title="Sass (stylesheet language)">
Sass (stylesheet language)

Sass (Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets) is a stylesheet language initially designed by Hampton Catlin and developed by Nathan Weizenbaum. After its initial versions, Weizenbaum and Chris Eppstein have continued to extend Sass with SassScript, a simple scripting language used in Sass files. 
Sass is a scripting language that is interpreted into Cascading Style Sheets (CSS). SassScript is the scripting language itself. Sass consists of two syntaxes. The original syntax, called "the indented syntax", uses a syntax similar to Haml. It uses indentation to separate code blocks and newline characters to separate rules. The newer syntax, "SCSS", uses block formatting like that of CSS. It uses braces to denote code blocks and semicolons to separate lines within a block. The indented syntax and SCSS files are traditionally given the extensions .sass and .scss respectively. 
CSS3 consists of a series of selectors and pseudo-selectors that group rules that apply to them. Sass (in the larger context of both syntaxes) extends CSS by providing several mechanisms available in more traditional programming languages, particularly object-oriented languages, but that are not available to CSS3 itself. When SassScript is interpreted, it creates blocks of CSS rules for various selectors as defined by the Sass file. The Sass interpreter translates SassScript into CSS. Alternately, Sass can monitor the .sass or .scss file and translate it to an output .css file whenever the .sass or .scss file is saved. Sass is simply syntactic sugar for CSS.
The official implementation of Sass is open-source and coded in Ruby; however, other implementations exist, including PHP, and a high-performance implementation in C called libSass. There's also a Java implementation called JSass. Additionally, Vaadin has a Java implementation of Sass. The indented syntax is a metalanguage. SCSS is a nested metalanguage, as valid CSS is valid SCSS with the same semantics. Sass supports integration with the Firefox extension Firebug.
SassScript provides the following mechanisms: variables, nesting, mixins, and selector inheritance.
Variables.
Sass allows variables to be defined. Variables begin with a dollar sign ($). Variable assignment is done with a colon (:).
SassScript supports four data types:
Variables can be arguments to or results from one of several available functions. During translation, the values of the variables are inserted into the output CSS document.
In SCSS style
Or SASS style
Would compile to:
Nesting.
CSS does support logical nesting, but the code blocks themselves are not nested. Sass allows the nested code to be inserted within each other.
Would compile to:
More complicated types of nesting including namespace nesting and parent references are discussed in the Sass documentation.
Mixins.
CSS does not support mixins. Any repeated code must be repeated in each location. A mixin is a section of code that contains any valid Sass code. Whenever a mixin is called, the result of translating the mixin is inserted at the calling location. Mixins allow for efficient and clean code repetitions, as well as easy alteration of code.
Would compile to:
Arguments.
Mixins also support arguments.
Would compile to:
In combination.
Would compile to:
Selector inheritance.
While CSS3 supports the Document Object Model (DOM) hierarchy, it does not allow selector inheritance. Inheritance is done by inserting a line inside of a code block that uses the @extend keyword and references another selector. The extended selector's attributes are applied to the calling selector.
Would compile to:
Sass supports multiple inheritance.
libSass.
At the 2012 HTML5 Developer Conference, Hampton Catlin, the creator of Sass, announced version 1.0 of libSass, an open source C/C++ implementation of Sass developed by Catlin, Aaron Leung, and the engineering team at Moovweb. Current Sass maintainer, Chris Eppstein, has expressed intent to contribute as well.
According to Catlin, you can "drop into anything and it will have Sass in it...You could drop it right into Firefox today and build Firefox and it will compile in there. We wrote our own parser from scratch to make sure that would be possible."
The design goals of libSass are:

</doc>
<doc id="20771004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771004" title="GCpedia">
GCpedia

GCpedia is an internal wiki used by the Government of Canada, for collaboration and knowledge sharing. Its slogan is “People & Knowledge“. GCpedia is only accessible via the Government of Canada network and contributors must be on a computer on a government (.gc.ca) network to be able to access it. The user base is potentially 250,000 people, from over 150 departments and agencies. Users must be registered if they wish to add or modify content, so that all contributions are attributable.
GCpedia has been used as a platform to take, publish, and distribute meeting minutes, to create project status dashboards, to collaboratively author interdepartmental papers, to brainstorm, and to create wiki-based briefing books.
Launch.
GCpedia is an initiative of the Chief Information Officer Branch, Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat, with support from members of the GCpedia Web 2.0 Steering Committee and participants throughout the federal government.
GCpedia was formally launched as a government-wide pilot by Ken Cochrane, former Chief Information Officer for Canada, at the annual Government Technology Exhibition and Conference (GTEC) in Ottawa, Canada on October 28, 2008.
Potential Uses.
This is a list of existing and possible uses on GCpedia: 
GC2.0 Tools.
The Government of Canada's internal Web 2.0 environment currently comprises three collaborative tools, collectively referred to as the GC2.0 Tools, which were developed and are operated by the Treasury Board Secretariat for use amongst Government of Canada employees:
All three tools are run on open source software and are accessible and available to all employees in the Government of Canada who have access to SCNet, the central Government of Canada network and are not available externally. They are the only internal collaborative tools freely available to all Government of Canada employees.
Infrastructure.
GCpedia runs on MediaWiki software. It is hosted on the Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC) Mid-Range Application Hosting Service.
Adoption History within the Government of Canada.
According to the August 2009 content review, government of Canada public servants were using GCpedia primarily to share information and gather project/performance feedback; and build collaborative and interdepartmental communities of practice; establish terms of reference for interdepartmental committees; and as support networks across a wide range of topics.
Canada's CIO, Corinne Charette, said in October 2009 of the success of GCpedia: "Clearly this is a community that is ripe for collaboration".
In March 31, 2010, the Clerk of the Privy Council, Wayne Wouters, officially joined GCpedia with both a personal user page and a page inviting ideas and feedback from government employees.
In April 2010 Wouters stated that deputy heads within the Government of Canada must advance Public Service Renewal in their departments by various means including public servants "experimenting with Web 2.0 technology, including GCpedia".
In a September 2010 article, Marj Akerley is quoted as stating, "As government employees become more comfortable with new technology and seek mechanisms for collaboration, their confidence in the effectiveness of the tools is increasing".
"The federal public service utilizes GCpedia...to facilitate collaboration and the sharing of information." - "Maclean's" magazine, September 16, 2010
GCpedia is "a key medium for our staff in the regions to learn what's available, what's happening, in the National Capital Region and other regions, and it has helped tear down bureaucratic barriers between departments." - quote from Corinne Charette, CIO of Canada - "Ottawa Citizen" October 6, 2010
"GCpedia has demonstrated that public servants have an interest in sharing information and collecting feedback on their projects."

</doc>
<doc id="20771013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771013" title="Stygobromus kenki">
Stygobromus kenki

Stygobromus kenki is a rare species of amphipod, a crustacean. Its common names include Kenk's amphipod, Rock Creek groundwater amphipod, and Rock Creek stygobromid. 
This species lives only in Washington, D.C., and Montgomery County, Maryland, in the United States. It can be found only in the Potomac River watershed. Its entire range is less than 40 square miles. It has only been found at five sites at springs or seeps in the local waterways.
This species is small, the largest female measuring about 5.5 millimeters in length and the largest male about 3.7. It can only be identified by microscopic examination, which requires that the specimen be killed; therefore, scientists prefer not to attempt identification of these rare amphipods.
The species lives in and near water in freshwater habitat. It can be found in detritus and sediment along springs and seeps.
The amphipod was first collected in 1967 in Rock Creek Park, where it was discovered by Roman Kenk. J. R. Holsinger then named it after him in 1978.
This species can be found with another endangered amphipod of the same genus, "Stygobromus hayi".

</doc>
<doc id="20771037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771037" title="Žabja Vas">
Žabja Vas

Žabja Vas () is a settlement on the right bank of the Poljane Sora River halfway between Poljane and Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20771038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771038" title="Dextor Clinkscale">
Dextor Clinkscale

Dextor Clinkscale (born April 13, 1958 in Greenville, South Carolina) is a former American football safety in the National Football League. He was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 1980. He played college football at South Carolina State.
Clinkscale also played for the Indianapolis Colts.
College career.
Clinkscale was an All American safety at South Carolina State University from 1976 to 1979.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Clinkscale was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as a rookie undrafted free agent in 1980. After appearing in all 16 games as a rookie, he missed the entire 1981 season due to injury.
During his time with the Cowboys, Clinkscale was a part of the secondary that earned the nickname "Thurman's Thieves", because of the amount of plays and turnovers they generated.
Clinkscale was released after a training camp holdout in 1986.
During his six years with the Cowboys, he started 46 of 71 games, and had nine interceptions, seven sacks, and nine fumble recoveries. He returned one of those interceptions 68 yards for a touchdown in 1983.
Indianapolis Colts.
Clinkscale finished his NFL career in 1986, after appearing in just five games with the Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="20771057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771057" title="10th Flight Test Squadron">
10th Flight Test Squadron

The 10th Flight Test Squadron (10 FLTS) is part of the Oklahoma City Air Logistics Center based at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It performs acceptance testing on refurbished B-1 Lancer, B-52 Stratofortress, E-3 Sentry, and KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft before they are returned to their units.
History.
Established under the Northeast Air District (later First Air Force) as a pursuit squadron, initially equipped with second-line aircraft. Transferred to Southeast Air District (later Third Air Force) in late 1941, re-equipped with P-40 Warhawks. Trained in the southeast, being reassigned to Air University in 1943 becoming a training squadron at the Army Air Forces School of Applied Tactics in Florida.
Re-equipped with P-51 Mustangs and trained as an operational squadron, being deployed to the European Theater of Operations (ETO), being assigned to IX Fighter Command in England in May 1944. Re-equipped with P-47 Thunderbolts, the squadron supported Allied ground forces in France after D-Day, attacking enemy strong points, troop concentrations, armor formations, bridges and other targets. Moved to Normandy and operated from several forward bases in Northeast France during the summer of 1944 as Allied ground forces moved eastwards towards Germany. Supported the Fifth Army movement from Southern France though the Lyon Valley, then into Occupied Germany as part of the Western Allied invasion in the spring of 1945. Remained in Germany as part of the United States Air Forces in Europe occupation forces, demobilizing over the summer. Inactivated in Colorado, November 1945.
Reactivated by Tactical Air Command in 1950 and assigned to several commands, including Air Defense Command but never activated or equipped. Reassigned to Clovis AFB, New Mexico and equipped with F-86H Sabres in 1953, deployed to West Germany and assigned to Hahn Air Base as a NATO tactical fighter squadron. Moved briefly to France in 1956, returning to West Germany in 1959 and flew defensive missions in Europe as part of the NATO forces until the closure of Hahn Air Base in 1991. Was deployed to Southwest Asia, Jan-Feb 1991, engaged in combat during Operation Desert Storm then inactivated after the March 1991 cease fire.
Reactivated at Tinker AFB, Oklahoma in 1994 as a testing and checkout squadron for supported aircraft after depot-level maintenance prior to the aircraft being returned to active service.

</doc>
<doc id="20771059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771059" title="Feeder fund">
Feeder fund

A feeder fund is an investment fund which does almost all of its investments through a "master fund" via a master-feeder relationship.
It is a situation similar to a fund of funds, except that the master fund performs all the investments.

</doc>
<doc id="20771066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771066" title="Live in 2008">
Live in 2008

Live in 2008 is a self-released live album by James, containing fourteen songs recorded during their 2008 spring tour. 
The album was limited to 5000 copies, and was exclusively sold at the merchandise stalls at the "We Are Sound" 2008 UK tour. Very few copies have been 'sold on' by loyal fans which have made this an extremely 'collectable' CD. Recent examples have been sold on eBay for in excess of £120.
The album was recorded by Chris Madden and mixed by Lee Muddy Baker, producer of the album Hey Ma.

</doc>
<doc id="20771085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771085" title="Willet Hauser Architectural Glass">
Willet Hauser Architectural Glass

Willet Hauser Architectural Glass, Inc is a North American stained glass firm that specializes in the design, fabrication, and restoration of leaded stained glass and faceted glass windows with locations in Winona, Minnesota and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The studio, one of the oldest in North America, was formed through the merger of two American stained glass studios: the Willet Stained Glass Studios of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the Hauser Art Glass Company, Inc., located in Winona, Minnesota. The two united in 1977 and together are one of the largest stained glass studios in North America. In 2005 the company changed its name to Willet Hauser Architectural Glass, Inc., to more accurately reflect the long-term direction of the studio. On January 9, 2014, the Arizona-based national stained glass studio Associated Crafts® acquired Willet Hauser Architectural Glass, Inc.. To date, Willet Hauser has created and/or restored windows in over 15,000 buildings located throughout the world.
History.
Willet Studios.
Willet Studios was founded in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1898 by the muralist and stained glass artist William Willet and his wife, Anne Lee. In its inception, the studio went by the title of the Willet Stained Glass Company and by 1909, had been incorporated as the Willet Stained Glass and Decorating Company. By 1921, the firm was self-identified as "An organization of artists, designers, and craftsmen in ecclesiastical and domestic art. . . Devoted to the making of windows and decorations in the spirit and technique of the best European work of the Middle Ages." and listed the following within its oeuvre: Memorial Windows, Mural Paintings, Mosaics, Leaded Glass, Stations of the Cross, Altars, Triptychs, Fonts, Bronze Tablets, Tapestries, Interior Decorations of all descriptions as well as Portraits on Glass or Canvas and Miniatures.
Anne Lee and their son, Henry Lee, took over the studio after William's death in 1921. Under Henry's guidance, the company expanded from a regional business to a studio of national and international renown, with completed projects in all fifty states and fourteen foreign countries. Under Henry Lee's guidance, the studio experimented with new techniques, and in the 1950s, was one of the first American studios to design and fabricate faceted glass windows. Willet Studios also developed the famous sculptured gold window technique and experimented with various methods of laminating stained glass, a technique known as Farbigem.
In 1965, E. Crosby Willet, the son of Henry Lee Willet, became the third generation president of Willet Studios. Under his leadership, Willet windows were created for many of the major churches and cathedrals in the United States including the National Cathedral in Washington, D.C. and the Cathedral of St. Mary of the Assumption in San Francisco.
Hauser Art Glass Company.
The Hauser Art Glass Company, another long-standing American stained glass studio, was founded in 1946 by James E. Hauser in Winona, Minnesota. It was originally opened as a repair and restoration studio, focused on serving small, remote churches, after Hauser recognized an opportunity to aid many American churches whose stained glass windows had fallen into neglect and disrepair during the Second World War.
As the firm's projects became larger and more complex, a number of glass artists specializing in the replication of different design styles joined the studio. The firm eventually began creating moderately priced windows for neighborhood churches as well as windows for hotels, restaurants, and private homes. However, its main specialty remained the repair and restoration of existing stained glass, including those by Connick Studios, Tiffany Studios, John La Farge, Henry Wynd Young, Franz Mayer of Munich, and Innsbruck Studios.
Innovations.
In the 1960s, when the industry began a movement toward contemporary design, Henry and Crosby Willet experimented in new styles and techniques including faceted glass, Farbigem (laminated glass), sculptured gold, mosaics, and sandcarving or sandblasting.
Farbigem.
The Willet Studio introduced the Dutch technique of Farbigem to the United States in 1966, after a visit to the Amsterdam glass factory known as Glas-Industrie Van Tetterode. Research and development was carried out at the studio from 1967 into the 1980s.
In the process of Farbigem a base plate is made by sandwiching plexiglass between two layers of glass. On this surface, layer upon layer of glass can be built up in all different directions. Designs can be traditional or abstract. The pieces are held together by a crystal clear, flexible adhesive that was developed in Holland which allowed the glass to naturally expand and contract. Entire walls could be designed in decorative thicknesses of glass. The farbigem technique eventually fell out of favor due the deficient technology of the adhesive which, with time, allowed the multiple layers of glass to separate. Changes in aesthetic taste also contributed to its decline. Today, windows similar to the farbigem technique are fabricated in stained glass studios under the name "Laminated Glass".
Sculptured gold windows.
Henry Willet created the first sculptured gold window between 1948-49. When first devised, the sculptured gold overlay was based on leaded stained glass windows. Later, faceted glass set in epoxy resin was used. These glasses, about an inch in thickness, but possibly up to two inches for special effects, contribute great brilliance of color under transmitted daylight. The sheet lead overlay is formed in relief by "repousse" (literally "beaten up from the underside") to give a sculptured effect, and is also incised with slits of varying widths to let the richly colored glass background shine through in the daytime. The fact that the sculptured lead surface has been "flown" with 23 carat gold leaf is the secret of the brilliant metallic night effect. The appearance of silver can also be obtained by the use of palladium leaf, which does not tarnish. The first gold window installed in a church, known as the "Glory Window", was designed by Henry Lee Willet and Marguerite Gaudin in 1951 for Westwood Community Church in Los Angeles, California.
Notable commissions.
Cadet Chapel.
In 1910, William Willet was invited to compete for the design and installation of the Great Sanctuary Window in the Cadet Chapel at the United States Military Academy at West Point. Ten other designers, including Nicola D'Ascenzo and Tiffany Studios joined Willet in this international competition. In 1911, the studio was granted the commission of the Sanctuary window, a memorial to the graduates of the Military Academy. The project for the design and fabrication of the Nave and North windows was awarded to the Willet Studio. The master plan for the nave windows, which were sponsored by individual classes in the hopes that every class would eventually be represented, was devised by Bertram Goodhue, William Willet, Colonel C.W. Larned and Chaplain Edward S. Travers. The window program depicts familiar stories of the Old and New Testament, as well as stories of saints from the early church. The north window, also designed and fabricated by the studio, is a memorial to the alumni who died in World War I.
The commission, which spanned three generations of Willets over a period of sixty-six years, remains the longest continuing commission in American history.
Hall of Science and Technology.
The Hall of Science was designed in 1962 by Wallace Harrison for the 1964 New York World's Fair in Flushing Meadows, New York. Harrison modeled the building after the Kaiser Wilhelm Tower in Berlin, Germany - a faceted glass tower composed of deep blue faceted glass. Harrison's cornerless serpentine shaped Hall of Science is made up of 5,400 coffers, each wide and tall. The Willet Studio, under Henry Lee Willet's guidance, was commissioned to construct the 5,400 panels that form the walls in less than one years time. Each panel is composed of thick chunks of blue faceted glass held together by cement. Twenty to 30 different shades of blue glass, imported from France and the Blenko Glass Company of Milton, West Virginia, were used in the project. The blue light, which engulfs the interior, symbolizes the heavens and carries out the theme, "Rendezvous in Space."
Metropolitan Transit Authority.
"Arts for Transit" is a program of the New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority that encourages the use of public transit by presenting visual and performing arts projects in subway and commuter rail stations. As a part of the overall project, neighborhood artists working in various media are invited to compete for projects in nearby stations. In 1998 Willet Hauser was selected to fabricate faceted stained glass panels based on the winning designs of many of these artists. The New York transit system project is one of the largest projects in the studio's history.
Contributing artists and designers.
Studio designers.
Anthony Mako, Columcille Sharkey, Dietrich Spahn, Eric Sundean, Charles Z. Lawrence, Marguerite Gaudin, Odell "Billie" Prather, Benoit Gilsoul, Kenneth Crocker, Adam Smith, Jane Collins, and Mark Khaisman have all worked with the studio.
Other media.
Ben Shahn, Frank Shoonover, Franklin Watkins, György Kepes, Jacob Landau, Ralph Pallen Coleman, Sadao Watanabe, Ellen Miret, David Pushkin, Max Abramovitz, Wallace Harrison have worked with the studio in other media.

</doc>
<doc id="20771088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771088" title="Open de Rennes">
Open de Rennes

The Open de Rennes is a tennis tournament held in Rennes, France since 2006. The event is part of the "challenger series and is played on indoor hard courts. 

</doc>
<doc id="20771107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771107" title="Overseas Chinese Town Station">
Overseas Chinese Town Station

OCT Station (), literally means Overseas Chinese Town Station in English, formerly Huaqiaocheng Station, is a station of Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of Shennan Dadao (), near Shenzhen Bay Hotel (), in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China. It is near Overseas Chinese Town (OCT) (), Splendid China () and Folk Cultural Villages ().

</doc>
<doc id="20771111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771111" title="2008 European Seniors Tour">
2008 European Seniors Tour

The 2008 European Seniors Tour was the 17th season of the European Seniors Tour, the professional golf tour for men aged fifty and above operated by the PGA European Tour. Welshman Ian Woosnam won two events and his first Order of Merit title.
Tournament results.
The numbers in brackets after the winners' names show the number of career wins they had on the European Seniors Tour up to and including that event. This is only shown for players who are members of the tour.
Source: [http://www.europeantour.com/seniortour/tournament/Season=2008/index_full.html]
Leading money winners.
There is a complete list on the official site here.

</doc>
<doc id="20771115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771115" title="Richard Spence">
Richard Spence

Richard Crighton Spence (born 1957) is a British film director and writer. His works include "Different for Girls" and "Blind Justice". He is currently working at the COI as a consultant, and teaching P&L in his spare time.

</doc>
<doc id="20771117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771117" title="Similkameen Falls">
Similkameen Falls

Similkameen Falls is a waterfall in British Columbia on the Similkameen River located just below the mouth of the Pasayten River and just above the mouth of Copper Creek about 25 km upstream (south) from Princeton.
The name "Similkameen Falls" is a rarely used alternate name for Coyote Falls, which is located further downstream in the state of Washington so sometimes this one is confused with Coyote.
Stature.
Similkameen Falls actually resembles a major series of rapids more than a waterfall. Over a stretch of about 0.2 km, the river drops about 25 feet at the bottom of a canyon. Huge walls of igneous rock, some about 250 feet high, rise above the falls on both sides.
The first drop of the falls is a small but powerful chute. No more than 3 feet wide, the entire river is forced through it, so it is fairly powerful. At the end of the chute, the river plunges powerfully into a deep pool in a punchbowl form. Remains of an old bridge that used to cross the river directly above the first drop are evident when one looks at that portion of the falls.
After exiting the deep pool the first drop plunges into, the falls continue on as a consistent series of major rapids. There are no less than three spots where the river is forced into chaotic state, often as a result of boulders and other rock breaking off the cliffs above and falling into the river. The rapids do not go on for long though, as the river soon emerges from the other end of the canyon where it once again resumes a much calmer state.
Access.
The bottom portions of the falls can be seen quite easily by looking upstream into the canyon from Highway 3. The uppermost portions are hidden from that point since the falls bend about 45 degrees shortly below the first drop, and as a result can only be viewed from the edge of the canyon on the north side of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="20771118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771118" title="Juice vesicles">
Juice vesicles

The juice vesicles (or pulp) of a citrus fruit are the membranous content of the fruit’s endocarp. The vesicles contain the juice of the fruit. The pulp is usually removed from the juice by filtering it out. The juiciness of the pulp depends on the species, variety, season, and even the tree on which it grew.
Pulp cells often have thin membranes, and they are less regular in shape than other plant cells. They are also very large and protect the seeds of the fruit. The color of the pulp is variable, depending on the species and the ripening stage. Usually, it has the color of the outer peel (exocarp).

</doc>
<doc id="20771132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771132" title="Defensive patent aggregation">
Defensive patent aggregation

Defensive patent aggregation (DPA) is the practice of purchasing patents or patent rights to keep such patents out of the hands of entities that would assert them against operating companies. The opposite is offensive patent aggregation (OPA) which is the purchasing of patents in order to assert them against companies that would use the inventions protected by such patents (operating companies) and to grant licenses to these operating companies in return for licensing fees or royalties. OPA can be practiced by operating companies or Non-Practicing Entities (NPEs) 
Operating companies must often defend themselves against claims of patent infringement. To prevent such litigations, operating companies sometimes purchase patents in technologies which they use or develop. Another motivation for operating companies to acquire patents is the ability to counter-assert such patents in case another operating company files a patent litigation. Operating companies have also pooled their efforts and financial resources to purchase patents. An example of such defensive patent aggregation is Allied Security Trust (AST). 
In 2008, a new business model emerged with third-party financing doing defensive patent aggregation whereby a third-party – the aggregator – purchases the patents or patent rights strictly to mitigate the risk and cost of litigation associated with non-practising entities (NPEs) and provides licenses to members against a fixed annual membership fee. This model was introduced by RPX Corporation, a start-up based in San Francisco. RPX received venture funding from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers (KPCB) and Charles River Ventures (CRV).
Rationale.
In the United States, the cost of defending against a patent infringement suit, as of 2004, is typically $1 million or more before trial, and $4 million or more for a complete defense, even if successful. And, when non-litigation licensing and settlements are factored in, the actual costs of fighting patent lawsuits is much higher. Because the costs and risks are high, defendants may settle even non-meritorious suits they consider frivolous for several hundred thousand dollars. The uncertainty and unpredictability of the outcome of jury trials also encourages settlement.
In the first 10 months of 2008, more than 2,300 patent lawsuits were filed the United States. The majority of these cases are filed by the companies that created the patented invention. But a growing share of the lawsuits is coming from non-practicing entities (NPEs) – also called patent trolls – which acquire patents for the sole purpose of licensing and asserting their patent rights. In fact, NPE litigation grew from 2.6 percent of filed cases in 2000 to 16.6 percent of filed cases in 2007. And unlike product companies, known as operating companies in the IP commerce world, NPEs are not susceptible to counter-assertion by their licensing targets because they do not make or sell any products or services.
The NPE offense includes single inventor assertion firms, patent licensing and enforcement companies, litigation financiers and investors, and patent aggregators, both institutional and strategic. However, NPE offense is ultimately concentrated on asserting patents to the detriment of operating companies. NPE defense methods include defensive patent aggregation from companies including RPX Corporation, cooperative purchasing efforts, such as defensive patent pools and buying consortia, from companies including Allied Security Trust, outright purchasing of patents, settlement and litigation.

</doc>
<doc id="20771135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20771135" title="Ernst Häußler">
Ernst Häußler

Ernst Häußler was a Standartenführer (Colonel), in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Häußler was born on 31 March 1914 at Württemberg. He volunteered to join the SS in May 1933 and given the service number 217,862. His NSDAP party number was 1,150,866. After enlistment, he was assigned to the SS Standarte "Deutschland". He was promoted to Unterscharführer in April 1935, and the following year was selected to be an officer and posted to the SS-Junkerschule at Braunschweig. After graduation he was posted back to the SS-VT in Oberbayern and served at Dachau concentration camp between 1936 and 1939.
World War II.
In 1940, Häußler was posted to the newly formed SS "Totenkopf" Division as the commander of its 5th company. He was awarded the Iron Cross (2nd class) in June 1940 and the Wound Badge in Black for his first wound of the war. He participated in the invasion of the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa) and was awarded the Iron Cross (1st class) in July 1941. He was later awarded the Winter War 1941/42 medal. In April 1943 he was awarded the German Cross in Gold and was then promoted to Sturmbannführer (Major) in June 1943. This was followed by the award of the Knight's Cross in August 1943.
Häußler went on to command the 1st SS "Totenkopf" Reserve Battalion before a posting as a battalion commander in the 17th SS Panzergrenadier Division "Götz von Berlichingen" ( The name referred to the 15th century German knight who had, after losing his right hand in battle, wore an iron prosthetic hand. In keeping with this, the division's emblem was a clenched iron fist). He later returned to the "SS Totenkopf", as the commander of 5th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Totenkopf".
Later life.
Häußler survived the war and died of heart failure on 14 July 1979 at Öhringen.

</doc>
