<doc id="20777882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777882" title="Death of Brian Rossiter">
Death of Brian Rossiter

The death of Brian Rossiter occurred at Cork University Hospital in Cork, Ireland, on 14 September 2002, as a result of head injuries he had sustained several days earlier. Fourteen-year-old Brian Rossiter had been arrested for a public order offence on the night of 10/11 September 2002, falling into a coma whilst in custody at Clonmel garda station. Prior to his arrest, Rossiter had been assaulted by Noel Hannigan, who was later found guilty of this offence and sentenced to two and a half years imprisonment. However, the case was the focus of much controversy and media speculation within Ireland, owing to concerns as to whether the injuries that caused Rossiter's death occurred, not as a result of Hannigan's assault, but while he was in custody.
Rossiter's father took High Court action against the gardaí and called for CCTV cameras to be installed in all garda stations around Ireland, in every area of the station. An inquest into the death returned an open verdict and led to damages being paid to the boy's family.
Background.
Brian Rossiter was the fourth of seven children born to Pat and Siobhán Rossiter. Brian moved to Wexford on 31 August 2002 with his mother and three younger siblings after the separation of his parents. On 6 September 2002, he returned to Clonmel with his mother for the weekend, staying with his older sister Sharon (who was then aged 23). Due to return to Wexford on 8 September, he missed the bus and at around 12:30 am in the early morning of 9 September, was assaulted by Noel Hannigan near his sister's house on Cashel Street. Hannigan later admitted that he had headbutted Brian "four or five times" but denied punching him or kneeing him in the face. Rossiter sustained two black eyes and complained of a headache later that day and again on 10 September. On 10 September at approximately 9:30 in the evening, Rossiter, having allegedly drunk some cider and smoked some hash, was arrested along with his 14-year-old friend, Anthony O'Sullivan, for a public order offence. Another 14-year-old, Daniel Leahy, a friend of theirs, was arrested for criminal damage at the same time. Both O'Sullivan and Leahy alleged that they were assaulted by arresting gardaí officers. O'Sullivan claimed that Rossiter had told him he had also been assaulted by the gardaí. The Gardaí stated that whilst Brian gave abuse following his arrest, he then calmed down and fell asleep in his cell. They further stated that when they attempted to rouse him from his sleep at 09:30 the following morning, they could not wake him. Local doctors were called and Brian Rossiter was subsequently taken to St Joseph's Hospital in Clonmel before being transferred to Cork University Hospital. A garda investigation into the cause of his injuries was soon "at an advanced stage". Meanwhile, in Cork, consultant neurosurgeon Charles Marks extracted a clot from Brian Rossiter's brain, but he did not regain consciousness and was pronounced dead shortly after 5:30 on the afternoon of 13 September 2002. His funeral took place on 17 September 2002.
High Court proceedings.
Brian Rossiter's father took High Court proceedings against the gardaí, alleging their wrongful arrest of his son. He later threatened to do so for a second time in July 2005. A settlement was eventually reached in July 2008 which meant that an inquest into his son's death could hear evidence from two UK-based Professors of Forensic Pathology whom the Coroner had previously refused to call as witnesses. In addition, further civil action against the State was taken by the Rossiters in December 2008, after they were informed that internal Garda disciplinary proceedings were "none of their business".
Hannigan sentencing.
In November 2006, Noel Hannigan was sentenced to two and a half years imprisonment for assaulting Brian Rossiter. He had also been charged with manslaughter and assault causing serious harm, but these charges were later withdrawn, when a second inquiry, in addition to the statutory inquiry already announced, was launched in July 2005 to look into the reasons for charging Hannigan with manslaughter.
Inquiry.
On 30 June 2005, a statutory inquiry was announced by the then Irish Minister for Justice Michael McDowell into Brian Rossiter's death, with the Minister apologising to the family for the way the case had been handled so far. The inquiry, led by Senior Counsel Hugh Hartnett was criticised by Rossiter's family for its limited scope. Pat Rossiter expressed his lack of confidence that the inquiry would be permitted to ask if his son had been killed at the garda station, and if so, who was responsible. The family threatened not to participate. There was a disagreement over legal fees. McDowell, though, insisted that the inquiry would have full powers.
On 5 December 2005, the statutory inquiry into the death of Brian Rossiter opened in Dublin. It was expected to last for three months and to hear from 120 witnesses in private session. The Rossiter family's solicitor, Cian O'Carroll of Lynch and Partners, spoke of his belief that the terms of reference would still not allow the inquiry to get at the key issue, which he said was whether Rossiter had died from injuries inflicted inside the garda station or not, and, if he had sustained these injuries inside the garda station, then who had caused them. Pat Rossiter spoke of feeling "a bit anxious and a bit apprehensive" at the start of the inquiry but he also "hoped for the best". The Irish government had agreed to pay the family's out-of-pocket expenses, and for some of the preparatory work involved in the case.
The inquiry found no evidence that Rossiter had been assaulted inside the garda station, but found that he had been unlawfully detained by the gardaí. It sat for 80 days between December 2005 and September 2006, heard from 100 witnesses, including seven of Clonmel's gardaí, and reported in April 2008. In February 2008, Rossiter's family had criticised the Minister for Justice Michael McDowell, believing that he had set up the inquiry under the wrong Act. With the inquiry completed, however, an inquest into Brian Rossiter's death could now be held, as soon as a private action taken by the Rossiter family against Cork City Coroner, to allow evidence from two UK-based Professors of Forensic Pathology to be admissible, was settled.
Inquest.
Preliminary hearing.
On 29 May 2007, a preliminary hearing took submissions from the Rossiter family and the State heard from the Cork City Coroner that she had questioned the time it was taking for the report into the circumstances surrounding Brian Rossiter's death to be published. Doctor Myra Cullinane told the hearing that she had twice written to the Hartnett Inquiry but had received no reply.
Inadequacies and contradictions.
The inquest proper began early in December 2008. Mary Furlong, a friend of Brian Rossiter's mother, told the inquest how she had witnessed a red mark the size of a two euro coin on the boy's left cheek when she visited him in hospital, claiming that such a mark had not been there earlier that week. Witness Anne Marie Hannigan claimed that all of her statement had not been read out in court, a statement which she alleged was to have contradicted that of Garda Pádraig Jennings and Garda Pádraig Frawley. She told the inquest that the gardaí had used force when they were arresting Rossiter and his friend, Anthony O'Sullivan, denying that she was making this up for her own satisfaction. A GP described her shock and despair upon her discovery of Rossiter's comatose body. Brian Rossiter's father told the inquest that a detective garda had informed him that his son had taken as many as sixteen ecstasy tablets, was "drunk out of his mind" and "as high as a kite", and yet later toxicology reports showed no evidence of this.
Three medical experts gave conflicting evidence into the nature of Brian Rossiter's injuries. Neurosurgeon Charles Marks, the consultant who operated on Brian when he was admitted to Cork University Hospital, said he believed "on the balance of probability" that Rossiter sustained the fatal injury 56 hours before his admission to hospital – a time corresponding to the Hannigan assault. Ireland's State Pathologist, Doctor Marie Cassidy told the inquest that she was unable to pinpoint the precise time at which Rossiter sustained his death injury – she said people were "getting caught up in trying to be specific, to date things that were impossible to date." Professor Christopher Milroy, a British Home office pathologist for 17 years and a reviewer of Rossiter's file, said it was more likely that he had sustained the injury which killed him subsequent to the Hanning assault, and closer to the time that he was found unconscious in his Clonmel prison cell.
On the day before the jury retired, a forensic pathologist said that it was impossible for him to determine whether the fatal strike had been inflicted late on the evening of 8 September, around the time that Hannigan's assault had taken place, or at a later date.
Verdict.
On 12 December 2008, a jury retired after hearing evidence for eight days and returned an open verdict, after finding in accordance with medical evidence supplied that the boy died from an extradural haemorrhage due to blunt force trauma to the head. The jury felt that it was not possible to make a definitive statement concerning how Brian Rossiter had died – the Coroner had given them the option of delivering an open verdict or a narrative verdict, and had ruled out the option of a verdict of unlawful killing.
Settlement.
On 19 December 2008, a settlement of €200,000 plus legal costs and a written expression of regret, acknowledging wrongdoing on the part of the gardaí, was reached in the civil lawsuit taken by Rossiter's family against the Garda Commissioner, the Irish Minister for Justice and the Irish State. Mister Justice Richard Johnson approved the settlement. The Irish State acknowledged its acceptance that Rossiter's detention was unlawful, that the Treatment of Persons in Custody Act was not followed appropriately and that issues surrounding his death were not sufficiently investigated. The jury also made two recommendations relating to the treatment of persons in garda custody. These were that medical attention should be called to any garda station for any person, and especially those under the age of 17, if there were obvious signs of any injury or weakness, and that social services should be made available to gardaí at all times.
Reaction.
Rossiter's parents described their six-year battle for justice as "gruelling" but expressed the wish that their son's death had not been in vain and welcomed the recommendations made by the jury regarding improvements in health and safety, in cases where young people are detained. Rossiter's father said he would have gone further:
"I would have gone further. I think there should be cameras in all areas of the Garda stations around the country – in corridors, entries, as well as exits. I think it's very important that CCTV should be in all areas of every Garda station."
Awards.
Investigative journalist Philip Boucher-Hayes received a Media Justice Award in 2005 for his coverage of this case.

</doc>
<doc id="20777890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777890" title="WIFO (Nazi company)">
WIFO (Nazi company)

Wirtschaftliche Forschungsgesellschaft (WIFO, ) was a Nazi Germany-owned company "charged with the construction and operation of solid fuel (natural and synthetic) storage depots." 
Chronology.
1935 summer: At the suggestion of IG Farben, the Wirtschaftliche Forschungsgesellschaft (Wifo, Economic Research Ltd) investigated the Kohnstein mine to centralize a fuel and chemical depot.

</doc>
<doc id="20777908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777908" title="Batman (1986 video game)">
Batman (1986 video game)

Batman is a 1986 3D isometric action-adventure game by Ocean Software for the Amstrad PCW,
Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum and MSX microcomputers, and the first Batman game ever developed.
Gameplay.
The object of the game is to rescue Robin by collecting the seven parts of the Batcraft hovercraft that are scattered around the Batcave. The gameplay takes place in a 3D isometric universe, which programmers John Ritman and Bernie Drummond would further develop for 1987's "Head over Heels", and is notable for implementing an early example of a system that allows players to restart from an intermediate point in the game on the loss of a life rather than returning all the way to the start (in this case the point at which Batman collects a "Batstone").
Reception.
"Batman" was received well by the computer game press at the time. Crash gave it a rating of 93%, Your Sinclair scored it 9/10 and Sinclair User gave it five stars and rated it as a "classic".
Remakes.
A freeware remake, called "Watman", was produced for PC in 2000 as a DOS game. A remake called "GWatman" has also been written for the Game Boy Advance.
A remake for PC was produced by Retrospec.

</doc>
<doc id="20777988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777988" title="AEA Investors">
AEA Investors

AEA Investors is one of the oldest private equity firms in the United States. The firm focuses on leveraged buyout, growth capital and mezzanine capital investments in manufacturing, service, distribution, specialty chemicals, consumer product and business services companies in the middle market. The firm makes investments primarily in the US and Europe although AEA will periodically invest in Asia as well.
AEA was founded in 1968 to make investments on behalf of S.G. Warburg & Co. as well as the Rockefeller, Mellon, and Harriman families.
AEA is headquartered in New York City with offices in Stamford, Connecticut, London, Munich, Hong Kong and Shanghai. John Garcia is CEO and Chairman
Fund Raising.
Since 1983, the firm has also raised more than $4 billion of capital from high net worth individuals and institutional investors across five private equity and debt funds:

</doc>
<doc id="20778002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778002" title="Short-term Analog Flash and Emergency Readiness Act">
Short-term Analog Flash and Emergency Readiness Act

The Short-term Analog Flash and Emergency Readiness Act, or SAFER Act, is a U.S. law to require the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to allow the continuation of full-power analog TV transmissions in 2009 for an additional 30 days for the purpose of broadcasting public service announcements regarding the DTV transition in the United States and emergency information. It is also commonly known as the "DTV nightlight bill" or "analog nightlight", referring to a small nightlight that is left on after all of the other lights are out. Despite the analog shutoff deadline being extended to June 12, 2009 as part of the DTV Delay Act, stations that signed off before the deadline were still permitted to participate in the SAFER Act.
This allowed for such broadcasts, in both English and Spanish, until July 12th, 2009, while normal programming ceased on that date. It was passed by both houses of the U.S. Congress, originating in the U.S. Senate as S. 3668, and approved by the U.S. House in mid-December 2008. Such broadcasts were not required, and for stations which changed from analog to digital broadcasts on the same frequency (known as a flash-cut) this would have been impossible. Only stations signing off early or in the "core spectrum" (channels 2 to 51) were allowed to participate so that channels 52 to 69 could be cleared from the TV broadcasting spectrum. At least one station above 51, Fox affiliate WPGH-TV in Pittsburgh (channel 53), signed off its analog signal on the original February deadline, thereby allowing it to participate in the SAFER Act.
It was signed by President George W. Bush on December 23, 2008 and the FCC was given until January 15, 2009 to finalize the related rules and regulations. The initial FCC-generated list of eligible stations was published on December 29, 2008. Other stations were encouraged to apply, especially in media markets where no station was listed. Stations only required a special temporary authority (STA) from the FCC to be a part of the service.
Limited presence of advertising and sponsorship was permitted, insofar as it is needed to allow news broadcasts from the main digital station to be simulcast onto the nightlight channel during an emergency. Commercial activity was otherwise limited to mere identification of sponsors. An updated FCC list of eligible stations, released January 15, 2009, identified twenty-eight stations nationwide which have expressed interest in conducting these broadcasts. The cost per station to operate the transmitters for one month has been estimated at $3500 to $15,000, depending on the frequency and power level.
Low-power TV (LPTV) stations are not required to transition to digital broadcasting, thus the bill does not affect them. Because of this exception, several stations throughout the nation, such as Washington, D.C.'s WJLA (ABC) and WDJT-TV (CBS) in Milwaukee, took advantage of the loophole by moving network programming from their former analog full-power stations to purchased or leased LPTV stations in order to continue to provide some form of analog network programming and local news to their market area until such time as digital adoption has been deemed sufficient by the stations. WJLA ended their extended service shortly after the nightlight period, while the special dispensation by CBS for WDJT to air the network on their station ended on December 31, 2009, at which time it began to transmit Me-TV station WBME-TV's main signal until Weigel's low-power analog signals in Milwaukee were turned off at the beginning of 2013.
After June 12, 2009, a low-power analog station in Chicago, not required to shut down after 30 days like other nightlight stations, aired newscasts that otherwise could not be seen by a number of people after the transition while stations attempted to solve technical and reception problems.
The FCC reported 121 stations providing nightlight service in 87 markets after the June 12, 2009 transition.
All of the stations were supposed to be off the air by July 12, 2009, and David Fiske of the FCC said no investigation was planned to ensure compliance. Fiske said someone would have to report a full-power station for violating the rule. Continuation of full-power broadcasting beyond this date was considered to be unlikely, as the stations would have to incur the costs of operating two transmitters.
While Nielsen said 1.7 million people still could not pick up a digital signal as of July 1, 2009, former acting FCC chair Michael Copps said giving nighlight stations more time was not planned.

</doc>
<doc id="20778086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778086" title="Gregers Gram">
Gregers Gram

Gregers Winther Wulfsberg Gram MC MM (15 December 1917 – 13 November 1944) was a Norwegian resistance fighter and saboteur. A corporal and later second lieutenant in the Norwegian Independent Company 1 during the Second World War, he was killed in 1944.
Early life.
Gregers Gram was born in Vestre Aker in 1917 as the son of Harald Gram, later known as stipendiary magistrate of Oslo. He was named after his paternal grandfather Gregers Winther Wulfsberg Gram, who served as Norwegian Prime Minister in Stockholm and County Governor of Hedmark.
Gram did not pass his examen artium at the first try, but later enrolled at the University of Oslo to study law.
Second World War.
When German troops invaded Norway on 9 April 1940, Gregers Gram became active in the resistance movement. After serving as a soldier in the early battles following the German invasion, he soon became involved in propaganda activity and the illegal press, he had to flee from Norway in 1941. After arriving in Great Britain, he was recruited by the Special Operations Executive and received military training with the Norwegian Independent Company 1. He was paradropped into Norway together with Max Manus on 12 March 1943, and the two performed a successful sabotage mission ("Operation Mardonius"). Gram and Manus left Norway after "Operation Mardonius", returning to the United Kingdom, where they stayed until October 1943. Gram was awarded the British Military Medal as a result of his participation in the operation, the recommendation for the award describes how Manus became ill with pneumonia shortly after they arrived in Norway, meaning that Gram had to undertake much of the organisation on the ground, and also nursing Manus during his recovery. The most successful attack was on 28 April 1943 which resulted in the sinking of two ships, and damage to a third, despite the fact it was a very light night, and water conditions were such that the canoes generated a very visible phosphoresence in their wake. Gram was also decorated with Norway's War Cross with sword in summer 1943, presented to him by King Haakon at a ceremony at the training school STS 26 in Scotland, near Nethy Bridge. In addition to Gram, Manus, and Rønneberg and Poulsson from the Rjukan missions, also received the War Cross with sword at this ceremony. Also present were Crown Prince Olav, Minister of Defence Oscar Torp, and Chief of Defence of Norway General von Tangen Hansteen.
In October 1943 Gram (along with Manus, Einar Juvén and C.F. Wiborg) returned to Norway to perform a second operation, known as "Bundle", targeting German ships.
Other sabotage missions followed, coordinated within Oslogjengen, Milorg's sabotage group in Oslo led by Gunnar Sønsteby. Parallel to his saboteur activity, Gram continued his involvement with propaganda, including the black propaganda Operation Derby directed towards German soldiers. In particular he was involved in an attack organised by Sønsteby which destroyed German records about the Norwegian workforce, and his attack on an oil storage depot.
Gram was killed on 13 November 1944 in an ambuscade in a café at Grünerløkka in Oslo. Together with fellow resistance member Edvard Tallaksen, Gram was set up at a meeting with faux Nazi deserters. Shooting ensued, and Gram was killed at the hands of Gestapo. His father Harald Gram, who was also involved in the resistance movement, survived the war.
Legacy.
At the time of his death, the process of recommending Gram for the British Military Cross was already under way (this medal was not generally awarded posthumously at the time). The recommendation particularly mentions the successful sinking of a German patrol vessel in Oslo harbour in February 1944, and the daring, but unsuccessful, daylight attack on the troopship "Monte Rosa". His Military Medal was presented to his father on 7 February 1945 by Sir Victor Mallet, who was then head of the British Legation in Stockholm.
To commemorate Gram a bust was erected near Njårdhallen, in the Ullern borough of Oslo, in 1994. The road "Gregers Grams vei" in Oslo has been named after him.
In 2008 he was portrayed in the Norwegian film "Max Manus" by actor Nicolai Cleve Broch.

</doc>
<doc id="20778135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778135" title="Goodtime Girls">
Goodtime Girls

Goodtime Girls is an American situation comedy which ran on ABC from January 22, 1980 until August 29, 1980. It was created by Leonora Thuna, and produced by Thomas L. Miller, Edward K. Milkis and Robert L. Boyett, in association with Garry Marshall's Henderson Productions and Paramount Television. It is a period piece comedy set during World War II, which was the producers' 1940s answer to their top 1950s-themed hits "Happy Days" and "Laverne & Shirley".
Synopsis.
Set in Washington, D.C. in 1942, "Goodtime Girls" told the story of four women who found themselves having to share a small attic apartment at the Coolidge Boarding House, due to a regional apartment shortage, which occurred as a result of women striking out on their own and supporting themselves during wartime. In the beginning, three of the girls--Edith Bedelmeyer (Annie Potts), Sioux City native Betty Crandall (Lorna Patterson), and Loretta Smoot (Georgia Engel)--had agreed to share space together in the attic at Coolidge. However, just when they thought things couldn't get more cramped, Camille Rittenhouse (Francine Tacker), a snobbish reporter who was covering a newspaper story on the apartment shortage, wound up being their fourth roommate when she herself lost her apartment and was in need of a new place. This didn't immediately sit well with the other women, not only because of the tight quarters barely accommodating four, but since Camille's holier-than-thou personality clashed with the others, especially with Edith, who became the unofficial leader of the group. The gang did learn to get along, as they grew closer in a time when a lot of emotional and moral support was needed for each other, with America working on "getting Uncle Sam out of a jam".
The ladies also had a lot of fun things to look forward to; despite the shortage of consumer goods, cars, and men, many soldiers and sailors on military leave passed through to romance them. Edith and Betty, who were younger and single, were most frequently sought after by these bachelors. Loretta was the middle-aged war bride, who was holding out hope for her husband's safe return. Then there were two resident single men in the building, macho hustler cabbie Frankie Millardo (Adrian Zmed), who lived downstairs with his buddy Benny Loman (Peter Scolari), a street performer whose pantomime, juggling and unicycle acts were part of the regular physical comedy and pratfalls seen in every episode. Frankie, who had been the one who drove Betty, Edith and Loretta to the boarding house, wants to prove himself by joining the military but is turned down because he has flat feet. Frankie and Benny often joined in the girls' escapades, escorting them around town and engaging in periodic jitterbug and big band dance sessions. With play came work: Edith was employed at the Office of Price Admissions, as mentioned, Camille was a newspaper reporter, Betty worked for the U.S. Secretary of War, and Loretta, at The Pentagon for bureaucrat General Culpepper (seen in guest appearances by Richard Stahl).
The boarding house was run by its namesakes, George and Irma Coolidge (Merwin Goldsmith and Marcia Lewis), a married couple who controlled their units very strictly. Also seen around was Skeeter (Sparky Marcus), a young boy who spent a lot of time with the Coolidges.
Scheduling.
"Goodtime Girls" premiered in January 1980 on Tuesday nights, immediately following "Happy Days", of which this series, unlike others produced by Garry Marshall and Miller/Milkis/Boyett, was not spun off from or in any ways connected to, storyline-wise. ABC kept the show on through the end of February sweeps, but then pulled it off the schedule for over a month until it returned in April, when it then aired for three consecutive weeks in a Saturday 8:30/7:30c slot. The show was then taken off again, and since it garnered small audiences during both these runs, the network officially cancelled the show during May 1980 upfronts. Five more original episodes turned up on Fridays at 8:30/7:30c that August, leading up to the final produced episode's broadcast on August 29, 1980. The series' third episode ("Night and Day") was the only one that ABC chose not to air during its run, for unexplained reasons.
Notes.
Marcia Lewis (Irma Coolidge) had previously worked with Garry Marshall on his short-lived 1978 sitcom "Who's Watching the Kids", while Peter Scolari (Benny Loman) would ultimately go on to work with Miller, Milkis and Boyett on their separate venture, "Bosom Buddies", on ABC in the fall of 1980. Adrian Zmed (Frankie Millardo) would later gain more fame as Officer Vince Romano on the series "T.J. Hooker" on ABC and later CBS. He would also host the show "Dance Fever".
Lorna Patterson (Betty Crandall) worked with Francine Tacker (Camille Rittenhouse), who was married to the man Lorna herself would later marry, actor Robert Ginty. 
Francine Tacker originally was Elizabeth Logan in the TV adaptation of the novel and movie, "The Paper Chase", and would later be the second of three actresses (Morgan Fairchild and Priscilla Beaulieu Presley would be the others) who played Jenna Wade on the series, "Dallas". Patterson would gain later fame in the TV adaptation of the movie "Private Benjamin", playing the title role of Judy Benjamin, the role played in the movie by Goldie Hawn. 
Georgia Engel (Loretta Smoot) was already well-established from her being well known as Georgette Baxter from "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", while Annie Potts (Edith Bedelmeyer) would later achieve fame with the movie "Ghostbusters", where she played Janine Melnitz, her long-running role of pragmatic interior designer Mary Jo Shively in the comedy, "Designing Women" and her role of Mary Elizabeth Sims on the Lifetime drama "Any Day Now".
Providing further synergy between the family of Marshall-produced shows, actors from "Happy Days" and "Laverne & Shirley", respectively, guest starred on "Goodtime Girls". Scott Baio appeared in one episode as Edith's younger brother who decided to enlist for the war. Michael McKean guest starred in another as a war veteran who was recovering in a local Washington, D.C., hospital after losing his legs in battle.

</doc>
<doc id="20778163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778163" title="Kyuss discography">
Kyuss discography

The following is a comprehensive discography of Kyuss, a Southern California-based stoner/desert rock band, active between 1988 and 1995, and again since their reunion in 2010 (as Kyuss Lives!). During their initial seven-year run, Kyuss had four full-length studio albums, one compilation album, one split album, seven singles, and four music videos. They also released one EP under the name "Sons of Kyuss". This list does not include material performed by members or former members of Kyuss that was recorded with Queens of the Stone Age, Slo Burn, Unida, Hermano, Yawning Man, Mondo Generator, Brant Bjork and the Bros, Eagles of Death Metal, and Fu Manchu.

</doc>
<doc id="20778184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778184" title="Managed Print Services">
Managed Print Services

Managed Print Services is the active management and optimization of document output devices and related business processes.
MPS are facilitated by key software applications that fall into one of four categories:
Four Groups of MPS Providers.
There are four main groups of organisation type that are engaged in MPS.
OEMs.
Such as solution enterprises,Ricoh, Canon, HP, Konica Minolta, Kyocera, Lexmark, Océ, OKI, Samsung, Sharp, Toshiba, Epson and Xerox.
Although historically partisan many OEMs are providing brand independent MPS with their managed service arms. This de-focus away from single brand solutions is a key trend in this space.
Systems Integrators.
Such as Accenture, Datacom, Capgemini, Computacenter, Fujitsu Services, HCL Technologies, Wipro, Steria and SCC.
These organisations have looked to append MPS to their wider Managed Service contract with clients.
Managed Service Providers - IT and Copier resellers.
There are a large number of companies - including www.datacom.com.au - [http://www.xact.uk.net/ XACT managed print services - in this area typically focusing on the SMB space.
Supplies Based Providers.
Such as OfficeMax, Staples or Office Depot.

</doc>
<doc id="20778205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778205" title="The Transit of Venus (Doctor Who audio)">
The Transit of Venus (Doctor Who audio)

The Transit of Venus is a Big Finish Productions audiobook based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". 
The Companion Chronicles "talking books" are each narrated by one of the Doctor's companions and feature a second, guest-star voice along with music and sound effects.
Plot.
The year is 1770, and daring explorer Captain James Cook and his crew on the Endeavour are navigating the Pacific Ocean. Into their midst come strangers: the Doctor and Ian Chesterton, who are believed to have come from Venus. But the TARDIS is lost to them - along with both Susan and Barbara - and Ian makes an enemy of the ship's chief scientist, Joseph Banks.

</doc>
<doc id="20778212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778212" title="Alone in Iz World">
Alone in Iz World

Alone in Iz World is an album by the Hawaiian musician Israel Kamakawiwo'ole released in 2001, 4 years after his death in 1997. The album has charted on several of Billboard’s album charts. These are: 
The album has continued to be a top seller, charting in the top 5 of the year-end Top World Catalog Albums chart for the years 2006 (#2), 2007 (#3), and 2008 (#5).

</doc>
<doc id="20778223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778223" title="Welcome Home Heroes with Whitney Houston">
Welcome Home Heroes with Whitney Houston

Welcome Home Heroes with Whitney Houston, was Whitney Houston's first ever solo televised concert and DVD/video release. The DVD/video presents Houston performing live at the Naval Air Station in Norfolk, Virginia on March 31, 1991. The video was originally released on May 14, 1991, and the DVD was released in 2002. The concert was dedicated to the troops, their families, and military and government dignitaries in honor of those returning from the Gulf War.
The DVD was later re-released in the United States and released worldwide with the title A Song for You.
History.
Following her historic performance of "The Star-Spangled Banner" during the Super Bowl, Houston decided to carry it over into a concert to honor the troops, their families, and military and government dignitaries in honor of those returning from the Gulf War. The concert was broadcast live on HBO. The cable network agreed to unscramble its signal allowing it to be available to over 53 million cable households. The concert was open to only 3,100 people, all of whom were either military personnel or their families. The show won a Cable ACE award for "Performance music special" in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20778230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778230" title="Saifuddin Azizi">
Saifuddin Azizi

Saifuddin Azizi ( also Saif al-Dīn ʿAzīz; March 12, 1915 – November 24, 2003) was the first chairman of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.
Biography.
Azizi was born in Tacheng to an influential Uyghur trader family originally from Artux. He attended school in Xinjiang, and then moved to the Soviet Union, joining the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) and studying at the Central Asia Political Institute in Tashkent. He returned to Xinjiang as a Soviet agent, instigating the Soviet-backed Ili Rebellion against the Republic of China government in northwest Xinjiang. He served as Minister of Education in the Second East Turkestan Republic and Commissioner of Education in the Zhang Zhizhong Ili Rebel-Kuomintang coalition government from 1945-1948. In September 1949, Saifuddin attended the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference endorsed by the Communist Party of China (CPC), becoming a member of the new Communist government. In October, the 1949 Chinese revolution brought the Communists to power in Xinjiang and in China more generally; at this point, Saifuddin held various posts for Nationalities and Political and Legal Affairs for the new government.
From December 1949 through January 1950 he accompanied Mao Zedong in his trip to Moscow to negotiate the Sino-Soviet Treaty of Friendship, and it was there on December 27, 1949 where he quit CPSU and joined the CPC in accordance with recommendation of Mao himself. In 1955, he registered with Mao his strong objection to proposals to name Xinjiang the "Xinjiang Autonomous Region", arguing that "autonomy is not given to mountains and rivers. It is given to particular nationalities." As a result, the administrative region would be named "Xinjiang "Uyghur" Autonomous Region".
At the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) in Beijing, he secured the role of regional Chairman of Xinjiang, a job he kept from 1955 to 1978, with a brief respite during the Cultural Revolution. 
He was a vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the First through Seventh National People's Congress and an alternate member of the Political Bureau of the 10th and 11th CPC Central Committee.
From 1993 to 1998, he served as a vice-chairman of the CPPCC National Committee. He died of illness at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="20778231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778231" title="Wonderful World (Israel Kamakawiwo'ole album)">
Wonderful World (Israel Kamakawiwo'ole album)

Wonderful World is an album by the Hawaiian musician Israel Kamakawiwo'ole released 2007, a decade after his death in 1997. The album is considered a classic and suggested in some tourist guides as representative of Hawaiian contemporary music.

</doc>
<doc id="20778232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778232" title="Rakata (song)">
Rakata (song)

"Rakata" is the first single performed by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel. It was released on January 27, 2005 by Machete Music. The song is a single from the Luny Tunes produced compilation "Mas Flow 2", and was later included on Wisin & Yandel's fifth studio album "Pa'l Mundo". The song was produced by Luny Tunes and Nely "El Arma Secreta". It is known to be one of their signature songs, as well as being their first major-charting single. Since the single's release, it has become one of the top-selling singles of 2005 and 2006 during the mainstream success years of reggaeton music. It was nominated for "Best Latin/Reggaetón Track" at the 22nd Annual International Dance Music Awards in 2007, which was ultimately won Shakira and Wyclef Jean with their number one single "Hips Don't Lie".
Music video.
The music video, directed by Marlon Peña, was released in late 2005 by Universal Music Group and Mas Flow Inc. Typical of the time during which reggaeton , the video mainly showed the duo and a group of dancing women in a large crowd of people. Luny from the production duo makes a cameo appearance in the video as well.
Chart performance.
Since the single's release, it has become one of the top-selling singles of the end of 2005 and the beginning of 2006. It debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at #97, and peaked at #85, becoming one of the first few reggaeton singles to chart on the Hot 100. It was also a major success on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay chart, peaking at #60. It was even a success on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart, peaking at #2. The single had also made international success, peaking at #15 on the Portuguese Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20778237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778237" title="Tom Pearman">
Tom Pearman

Tom Pearman (born 9 January 1979) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Welwyn Garden City.
Pearman, who made his Hertfordshire debut in 2000 against Oxford Universities, and who played in the Minor Counties Championship between 2002 and 2004, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the C&G Trophy in August 2003, against Ireland.
From the tailend, Pearman scored 4 not out, and despite a century from Gary Butcher, the game finished in a defeat for Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20778238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778238" title="Nigel Ilott">
Nigel Ilott

Nigel Ilott (born 22 August 1965) is a former English cricketer. He played as a right-handed batsman for Hertfordshire. He was born in Watford.
Ilott, who made his Minor Counties Championship debut for the team in the 1988 season, and who played with the team until 1994, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1993 season, against Gloucestershire. From the upper-middle order, he scored 14 runs.
Ilott's brother, Mark played Test cricket for England, while his father, John, umpired NatWest Trophy matches between 1999 and 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20778239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778239" title="Scott Ruskin (cricketer)">
Scott Ruskin (cricketer)

Scott Ruskin (born 12 January 1975) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Hertford.
Ruskin, who made his debut for the team in the 2000 Minor counties Championship, played in two C&G Trophy matches, during the 2001 season. From the tailend, he finished on 8 not out on his debut, and in his second match, a month later, he scored 6 runs.
As of 2008, Ruskin still plays for Hertford Cricket Club in the Evening Standard Challenge Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20778248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778248" title="The World a Department Store">
The World a Department Store

The World a Department Store: A Story of Life Under a Coöperative System is a utopian novel written by Bradford C. Peck, and published by him in 1900. The book was one entrant in the wave of utopian and dystopian writing that occurred in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Moreover, Peck's book was one of the minority of utopian works of the time that was linked to an effort at practical application of its ideas.
The Cooperative.
Bradford Peck (1853–1935) has been compared to King Gillette as a successful businessman of the Gilded Age who nonetheless advocated views that were, to some degree, anti-capitalist and pro-socialist. Peck followed the Horatio Alger pattern in American life, rising from want to commercial success; a native of Lewiston, Maine, he built the largest department store in the state in its time. In reaction to the chaotic business conditions of the Panic of 1893, Peck began to develop a commitment to the emerging cooperative movement. 
Peck formed a local co-operative association in 1899, and soon promoted it into the "Coöperative Association of America." His goal was to link producers with consumers as directly as possible, eliminating all expenses of "middle-men", bankers and interest payments, and advertising costs, and so creating a far more efficient and economical business model than the one dominant in America in his generation. The Association established a co-op grocery and restaurant, and opened a reading room; Peck later transferred the ownership of his department store to the Association so that its profits would support the cause. 
Peck organized conventions and other activities to promote the co-operative movement. The Association tried to form a co-operative community in Oregon in 1906, but without success. The Lewiston co-op shut down in 1912, when the C.A.A. lost its lease on its headquarters. Peck, however, remained a vigorous advocate of his views until his death at age 82. He also wrote "The World a Department Store", his only novel, to promote his vision. The book sold for $1.00 per copy; royalties went to the Association. (A British edition was issued by the publisher Gay & Bird, also in 1900.)
Influences.
By his own admission, Peck was an admirer of Edward Bellamy and his famous novel "Looking Backward" (1888); he was also influenced by Henry George's "Progress and Poverty" (1879) and Charles Sheldon's "In His Steps" (1896). When Peck published his novel, it "caught the imagination of some socialists in the same way as Bellamy's works had."
The book.
The plot of the novel begins on April 7, 1925. The opening chapters introduce two young men, George Wilkinson and Harry Childs, and their girlfriends, Mabel Clay and Alice Furbush. The young men are roommates, as are the young women; they all work for various functions of Coöperative City. They are struck and fascinated by the story of Percy Brantford, which they read in that morning's newspaper.
Brantford had been a successful businessman of the late nineteenth century — though like many men of that type he suffered from the intense stresses, anxieties, and uncertainties of the commercial world. He used a sleeping potion to combat his insomnia. On the night of December 31, 1899 (in popular reckoning, the last day of the century), Brantford took a double dose of his sleeping powder; he lapsed into a coma and slept for 25 years. The young people read the news story that recounts Brantford's sudden awakening in a local nursing home.
The committee that runs the City appoints Childs and Wilkinson to be Brantford's guides in his adjustment to the new social and economic reality. Brantford is amazed to learn that the co-operative movement has transformed the Lewiston he knew into Coöperative City, which is run on a vastly different and improved system. Most of the book is devoted to explanations of the workings of the Coǒperative Association of America, and how it has come to dominate the former Lewiston and spread to New York City, Chicago, and other major cities. Wilkinson and Childs detail all major aspects of the new system, to Brantford's wondering admiration. The new system has eliminated poverty, tenements, slums, litter, and other evil aspects of the old economy.
Some of the details of Peck's plan are effective forecasts of later developments. The members of the C.A.A. use "coupon checks" instead of the "old-style microbe-breeding currency." Photo IDs are used. Both men and women pursue physical fitness, and work out in gymnasiums. The public school system monitors the schoolchildren's nutritional needs.
Brantford, for his part, reminisces about the bad old days of Gilded-Age capitalism; he recalls a system so irrational and rapacious that every man in business necessarily had a "dishonest career..." He recalls brokers on the stock exchanges as "a lot of maniacs, running wild...," and makes similar remarks on the conditions of the earlier age.
The plot retains at least a vestigial human-interest story line. The young people have a neighbor named Helen Brown; she and Percy Brantford develop a romance, and in the end the three couples join in a triple wedding.
Throughout his book, Peck stresses that the new economic and social system has moral and ethical and even religious implications. The regime of Coöperative City and the C.A.A. empowers a "true cooperative Christian existence" instead of frustrating people's normal drives to neighborliness and virtue. Through co-operation, humanity has formed itself "into a practical Christian organization..." The book begins with a Preface and Prospectus written by a clergyman; Peck closes his novel with a chapter on the religious, ethical, and social implications of his plan.
As a result, Peck's novel has been termed a Social Gospel book.
Style.
Peck was not an experienced writer, and made no pretensions to literary quality in his work; his book has been criticized for its "inept and pretentious style." He wrote in the manner of popular magazines, travelogues, and advertising copy; Coöperative City is "the most beautiful city in all the world," and its buildings and features are described as "delightful," "elegant," "heavenly," and "magnificent." As Brantford progresses through his tour of the city, his comments are along the lines of "Wonderful, wonderful! and what marvelous changes from my former life!" In describing a private home, Peck writes, "Our readers, no doubt, will feel interested to know something of the character and style of this beautiful home...Here was to be found every convenience and luxury known to those living in the last century."
Beyond the verbal expression, Peck's aesthetic is shaped by his professional experience: his future is clean and polished, well-organized and brightly displayed. His world is very much like a department store.
The illustrations.
Peck's book was furnished with multiple illustrations by Harry C. Wilkinson. This sets it apart from most Utopian works of the era, though King Gillette's "The Human Drift" (1894) was similarly well-illustrated. Wilkinson's pictures show outside views and floor plans of the buildings lavishly described by Peck, as well as street plans of the city's neighborhoods, and a "coupon check" book.

</doc>
<doc id="20778271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778271" title="Joe Lipa">
Joe Lipa

Jose "Joe" Lipa, Jr. is a Filipino basketball coach. Lipa coached his alma mater, the University of the Philippines, in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines men's basketball. He has also had a head coaching stint for the Ateneo Blue Eagles, and the Air21 Express of the professional Philippine Basketball Association. Lipa is also a former head coach of the national basketball team of the Philippines, coaching the team to a bronze medal finish in the 1986 Asian Games. He was also named the Commissioner of the UAAP for its basketball tournament in 2005.
Profile.
An Economics graduate at the State University, Joe Lipa played with the Maroons in 1963-66. He also donned the San Miguel jersey in the MICAA in 1965-66, where he played as a power forward. Starting in 1981, he was assigned to handle the UP Maroons after serving as assistant coach way back in 1978, Lipa was sent on a basketball scholarship to the United States in 1984, where he observed the coaching prowess of famed mentor Bobby Knight of Indiana University during sessions at the University of Southern California. He made the trip through the help of the UP Sports Foundation, courtesy of the UP President, and his Sigma Rho Fraternity brothers, [http://i1333.photobucket.com/albums/w638/MonPba/291274_190665791015533_353007131_o_zpsf8039c54.jpg] In 1986, Joe led his alumni, the UP Maroons to its first UAAP championship after 47 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20778299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778299" title="Abbey of Our Lady, Aalborg">
Abbey of Our Lady, Aalborg

History.
Abbey.
With the loss of the abbey's archives around the time of the Reformation the exact date of foundation of the Abbey of Our Lady is unknown. One source suggests that the nuns were already in Aalborg in 1116. Another source says that the community was established by Eskil, Bishop of Børglum, in 1125. Aalborg was the area's largest town and the abbey was built on property donated by the diocese. Nor is it clear whether the early nuns were in fact Benedictines. 
In 1140 Sigurd Slembe, pretender to the Norwegian throne, was buried inside the abbey church, as recorded by the priest Kjeld Kalv, known while serving at the church for his piety. There is a legend that one evening when he was to read the homily, the candle he was holding went out. Kjeld nevertheless continued to read from the book without error, which amazed the congregation. Then when he had finished reading the candle lit again on its own. He later returned to Viborg Cathedral and then went on a pilgrimage to Rome. After his death in 1150 Kjeld became a local saint and the patron saint of Viborg Cathedral.
The abbey over time developed into a complex consisting of a large church and three ranges forming a rectangular enclosure to separate the nuns from the world. The church was also used daily by the residents of Aalborg, though the nuns were separated from the congregation by iron gates around the choir. The tower of the church was one of the three church towers which can still be seen on Aalborg's city logo.
The church and convent buildings underwent a significant expansion in the late 15th century and were reconstructed in late Brick Gothic style.
In the mid-1520s Lutheran ideas swept through northern Jutland and Viborg and Aalborg became centres of Lutheran reaction against Roman Catholic institutions, customs and doctrines. The Franciscans were hounded out of Aalborg, and support for the nuns completely vanished. The abbey was secularized the same year; the nuns were permitted to remain, although with very little support from the townspeople.
In 1534 Aalborg was the site of a siege and massacre at the end of Skipper Clement's rebellion. Christian III's army laid siege to the city and when the walls were stormed, the city was sacked. The city's churches and monasteries, including the Church of Our Lady, were stripped of anything valuable by the mercenaries who ravaged the city. Two years later Denmark became officially Lutheran and all religious houses and their income properties reverted to the crown. Christian III gave the abbey to the city with the stipulation that the nuns be permitted to remain under the supervision of a local noble.
Church.
The abbey church became, as the Church of Our Lady, one of the city's parish churches. The last nun left the former abbey in 1560 and the town converted one of the ranges into a residence for the new Lutheran pastor. The other ranges were demolished. Several epitaphs were added to the walls of the nave. Burial chapels were added by noble families beneath the church, of which the Scheel family chapel is still extant beneath the present building. A new pulpit was donated by Alderman Poul Popp before 1579, which is still preserved in the present church.
In 1876 the Church of Our Lady had become so dilapidated that it was decided to demolish it and build a new church in its place.
Two of the bells in the present "Vor Frue Kirke" have been preserved from the earlier building. One of them was cast in the 12th century and is the oldest bell still in use in Denmark. The other from 1518 was recast in 1861 when it cracked, and again in 1919 when it cracked a second time.

</doc>
<doc id="20778312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778312" title="Jenny Saffran">
Jenny Saffran

Jenny Saffran is a Professor of Psychology at the University of Wisconsin, Madison. She specializes in language acquisition and early cognitive development, and she also conducts research on music cognition. Saffran views language acquisition as based on general cognitive processes such as statistical learning, and has conducted numerous empirical studies that support this view. She received a B.A. from Brown University and a Ph.D. from the University of Rochester. Saffran is married to fellow psychologist Seth Pollak, and she is the daughter of cognitive neuropsychologist Eleanor Saffran.

</doc>
<doc id="20778314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778314" title="Harris Mountain">
Harris Mountain

Harris Mountain may refer to:
See also: Harris Mountains

</doc>
<doc id="20778322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778322" title="Gil Green">
Gil Green

Gil Green is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20778324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778324" title="PC Open Architecture Developers' Group">
PC Open Architecture Developers' Group

PC Open Architecture Developers' Group (OADG) is a consortium of the major Japanese personal computer manufacturers. Sponsored by IBM during the 1990s, it successfully guided Japan's personal computer manufacturing companies at that time into standardising to an IBM PC-compatible architecture.
History.
Before the advent of the IBM PC in 1981 in the United States, there were many different varieties and designs of personal computer. Examples from that era include the Tandy RadioShack and Commodore. These machines were each based upon a different computer architecture and the software programs that ran on them were compatible only with the machine they had been designed for. In Japan, this situation continued well into the early 1990s, because each of Japan's major electronics manufacturers had designed its own unique personal computer; although NEC with its NEC 9801 was at that time the most successful.
The American computer manufacturer IBM had entered the Japanese market with its own IBM 5550 computer. Japanese-language-capable computers at the time, however, had special requirements in terms of processor capability and screen size, and IBM's JX project, emphasizing compatibility with the IBM PC, enjoyed limited success. The whole situation was felt by many to be hindering the healthy growth of the Japanese computer industry, particularly since domestic and overseas software vendors had to develop, test and support many different software programs to run on the many different kinds of personal computers sold in Japan.
IBM developed the operating software DOS/V in Japan, and licensed it to other Japanese PC manufacturers. To promote the IBM PC architecture on which DOS/V worked, IBM sponsored a consortium which was named the PC Open Architecture Developers' Group (OADG) in 1991 and made public its internal architecture and interfaces. At the height of this enterprise, the consortium included amongst its members the major Japanese PC manufactures, such as Toshiba and Hitachi, and overseas manufacturers such as Acer of Taiwan and Dell of the United States. Together, they not only strove to develop a unified architecture, but also produced a number of DOS/V-compatible application software programs and participated in the major computer shows. By the time Microsoft's computer operating system Windows 95 had arrived in 1995, the IBM PC architecture, using DOS/V, was already a predominant force in Japan.
Members.
In 2003, membership included the following companies:

</doc>
<doc id="20778325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778325" title="Georges Nguyen Van Loc">
Georges Nguyen Van Loc

Georges Nguyen Van Loc (2 April 1933, Marseille, France – 7 December 2008, Cannes, France) was a French policeman, actor and author.
He worked as a policeman, police inspector and commissioner in his native Marseille for many years. He later wrote an autobiography about his career as a police officer and played himself in a television series based on his life. He created the first GIPN. He was nicknamed "le Chinois" ("the Chinese") despite his Vietnamese origins.
Death.
Georges Nguyen Van Loc died of a heart attack in Cannes, France on 7 December 2008, aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="20778334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778334" title="Smile (Fiona Sit album)">
Smile (Fiona Sit album)

Smile is the sixth album by Fiona Sit, and was released on December 19, 2008. This is the first Cantopop album since "Electric Angel" two years earlier.
Track listing.
Bonus Track 

</doc>
<doc id="20778362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778362" title="Rouge (film journal)">
Rouge (film journal)

Rouge is a triannually-published online film journal edited by Adrian Martin, Helen Bandis and Grant McDonald. Based in Australia, it publishes essays by critics from all over the world, many of them as translations. It is often cited as one of the premier online-only film journals and has been described as "one of the highest standards of writing of any online film journal" and as "championing some of the most exciting and innovative critical writing being done anywhere in the world." 
Over the years, it has published articles and other contributions by Gilbert Adair, Thom Andersen, Nicole Brenez, Pedro Costa, Serge Daney, Raymond Durgnat, Victor Erice, Chris Fujiwara, Jean-Pierre Gorin, José Luis Guerin, Hou Hsiao-Hsien, Kent Jones, Dave Kehr, Jonas Mekas, Luc Moullet, Mark Rappaport, Jonathan Rosenbaum, Peter Tscherkassky and Apichatpong Weerasethakul.
The journal also publishes books under the Rouge Press imprint. Its most recent release is a collection of essays on Raul Ruiz.

</doc>
<doc id="20778386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778386" title="National aviation authority">
National aviation authority

A national aviation authority (NAA) is a government statutory authority in each country that oversees the approval and regulation of civil aviation.
Role.
Due to the inherent dangers in the use of flight vehicles, NAA's typically regulate the following critical aspects of aircraft airworthiness and their operation:
Depending on the legal system of the parent country, the NAA will derive its power from an act of Parliament (such as the Civil or Federal Aviation Act), and is then empowered to make regulations within the bounds of the act. This allows technical aspects of airworthiness to be dealt with by subject matter experts and not politicians.
The NAA may also be involved in the investigation of aircraft accidents, although in many cases this is left to a separate body (such as the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) in Australia or the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) in the USA), to allow independent review of regulatory oversight.
The NAA will regulate the control of air traffic but a separate agency will generally carry out air traffic control functions.
History.
The independent development of NAAs has resulted in differing regulations in country to country. This has required aircraft manufacturers in the past to develop differing models for specific NAA requirements (such as the BAe Jetstream 31), and difficulty for airlines to travel into foreign jurisdictions. In an effort to resolve these issues, the Convention on International Civil Aviation (Chicago Convention) was signed in 1944. This then led to the establishment by the United Nations of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) in 1947 which now oversees member states and works to implement regulatory changes to ensure best practice regulations are adopted.

</doc>
<doc id="20778389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778389" title="2008–09 Coca-Cola Tigers season">
2008–09 Coca-Cola Tigers season

The 2008–09 Coca-Cola Tigers season is the 7th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Awards and records.
Records.
"Note: Coca-Cola Tigers Records Only"

</doc>
<doc id="20778444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778444" title="Mary Petty">
Mary Petty

Mary Petty (April 29, 1899 - March 6, 1976) was an illustrator of books and magazines best remembered for a series of covers done for "The New Yorker" featuring her invented Peabody family.
In 1922, Petty graduated from the Horace Mann School in New York City, and five years later she and cartoonist Alan Dunn were married. Petty first sold work to "The New Yorker" in 1927 under the encouragement of her husband, who had already sold cartoons to the magazine. Her style was characterized by her "gentle satirization of New York City's Victorian era society."
Petty was a naturally reticent person, and while her work began appearing in the lauded new magazine, Petty herself did not come to "The New Yorker" offices for some time and thus "for a long time nothing at all was known about her—except that she regularly submitted a new and distinctive kind of drawing." Even after becoming a part of the office scene, few knew her well. James Thurber said all he knew of her background was that she "was born in a brownstone house on West End Avenue. Her father was a professor. She did not have a particularly happy childhood. That's all, brother."
Petty rarely took ideas from outside sources (only twice, according to Thurber).

</doc>
<doc id="20778462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778462" title="Seth Pollak">
Seth Pollak

Seth Pollak is College of Letters and Science Distinguished Professor of Psychology and an Investigator in the Social and Affective Processes Unit of the Waisman Center at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He specializes in developmental psychopathology, focusing on the neuropsychology of emotion, particularly the role that early experience plays in the development of brain structure and psychological functioning. Pollak received a B.A. from Franklin and Marshall College, an M.A. from Harvard University, and a Ph.D. from the University of Rochester. He is married to fellow psychologist Jenny Saffran.

</doc>
<doc id="20778485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778485" title="Robin Robinson">
Robin Robinson

Robin Carolle Robinson (born August 4, 1957), known professionally as Robin Robinson, is a longtime Chicago television news anchor who was one of the two principal news anchors at WFLD-TV in Chicago. She has worked for TV stations in Chicago since 1987 until November 2013.
Early life and education.
Born in Chicago, Robinson is the daughter of Louie Robinson, who was the West Coast editor for "Ebony", and Mati Robinson. Robinson moved with her family to Pomona, California in 1960 and to Claremont, California in 1963. She graduated from Claremont High School, helping to integrate the school.
Robinson earned a bachelor's degree from San Diego State University.
Professional career.
Robinson began her career in 1979 working for KGTV-TV in San Diego as a reporter and morning news reader. In 1982, she shifted to KMGH-TV in Denver as a consumer reporter.
In 1984, Robinson joined WBBM-TV as a consumer reporter and later was promoted to news anchor. Robinson worked for WBBM-TV until 1987, when she joined the staff of WFLD-TV in Chicago as part of its first evening news anchoring team, alongside fellow KMGH alum Kris Long. In taking the WFLD job, Robinson passed on an offer to return to KGTV in San Diego as an anchor, according to a June 24, 1987 report in the Chicago Sun-Times.
In 1993, Robinson was joined on the anchor desk by longtime Chicago news anchor Walter Jacobson. Robinson and Jacobson worked together until Jacobson retired in 2006.
Robinson co-anchored WFLD's late local news with Bob Sirott. She has won numerous local Emmy awards for her work.
She also has appeared on multiple episodes of Fox's The Chicago Code as a Fox Chicago reporter alongside Bob Sirott.
Santa Claus comment.
On December 1, 2011, during a live 9 p.m. newscast, while speaking with another on-air reporter, Robinson said, "There is no Santa." The station received numerous telephone calls and emails complaining about her comment. Robinson later apologized and said that she should have given viewers the opportunity to take any children out of the room before making the comment.
Personal.
Robinson dated educator, author, businessman and future partner of Oprah Winfrey, Stedman Graham from 1982 until 1985.
She has been married three times. Robinson was married to retired track and field sprinter Steve Williams in the 1980s, to NBC spot salesman Terrence Brantley from July 1986 until 1990, and to Dennis Allen from June 1991 until 1994. Robin and Williams had a daughter, Jade in 1989. She and Allen had a son, Cameron, in October 1991. 
Robinson lives in the Bucktown neighborhood on Chicago's Northwest Side.

</doc>
<doc id="20778549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778549" title="Tom Brown (pitcher)">
Tom Brown (pitcher)

Thomas Dale Brown (born August 10, 1949) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners (). He was originally signed by the Kansas City Royals in and signed with the Mariners in .
He is currently the pitching coach for the Pensacola Blue Wahoos.
He graduated from Neville High School in Monroe.

</doc>
<doc id="20778559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778559" title="One Tree Island (Queensland)">
One Tree Island (Queensland)

One Tree Island is a small coral cay. It is located near the Tropic of Capricorn in the southern Great Barrier Reef, 96 km due east nor east of Gladstone, Queensland, Australia, and 450 km north of the state capital Brisbane. The island is part of the Great Barrier Reef chain of islands, and is part of the Capricorn and Bunker Group of island and forms part of the Capricornia Cays National Park. It is also part of the Capricornia Cays Important Bird Area.
General.
One Tree Island is a rubble or shingle cay at the eastern end of a coral reef which is about 5.5 km by 3.5 km in size
Vegetation consists of scattered "Velvet Soldierbush" and "Scaevola taccada" with several small groves of "Pisonia grandis". A small pond of brackish water is situated near the centre of tile cay. A Research Station conducted by Sydney University is located on the cay.
Geomorphology and landscape.
The Capricorn and Bunker Cays form part of a distinct geomorphic province at the southern end of the Great Barrier Reef. The cays and their reefs lie on the western marginal shelf, and are separated from the mainland by the Curtis Channel. The cays are not generally visible from the mainland, although Masthead Island may be viewed from Mount Larcom on a clear day.
Geologically the cays are young, having developed during the Holocene period, they are mostly around 5000 years old. The sea level was much lower during the last Ice Age (at the end of the Pleistocene period) and the coastal plane on which today’s reefs and cays developed was completely exposed. Early in the Holocene (around 10,000 years ago) the sea level began to rise, until it stabilised at its present level around 6000 years ago. Once the sea level stabilised, it was possible for reef flats to expand and provide potential sites for the formation of cays. 
One Tree Island is a Shingle cay and part of a Lagoonal Platform Reef:
History.
Discovery.
In 1803 Captain Eber Bunker of the whaling ship "Albion" was the first European to discover the region and gave his name to the southern group.
During a second whaling voyage from England in the "Albion" he discovered the Bunker Islands off the Queensland coast.
The "Albion" was 362 tons and registered in London, the ship was fitted with 10 guns, and a crew of 26; she was built in Deptfordand, Britain ownered by, Messrs. Champion; and used for general cargo
The southern cays and reefs were first chartered between 1819 and 1821 by Lieutenant Phillip Parker King RN initially in the "Mermaid" and later in the "Bathurst". The main charting exercise for all the islands and reefs was carried out in 1843 under the command of Captain Francis Blackwood in "HMS Fly" which was accompanied by the "Bramble". The naturalist, Professor J. Beete Jukes, was on board the "Fly" and his published journal provides valuable information on some of the cays.
Current uses.
The island and reef are zoned for scientific research in a Zoning Plan under the "Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Act", 1975
Research station.
One Tree Island Research Station which was established in 1976 and accommodates up to 20 visiting scientists. It is a strategically located facility with a long history of documented research relating to reef and cay environments, with particular relevance to research where the relative absence of human impact is important and valued as a scientific benchmark. The research station, operated by Sydney University, is located on a special lease over a small part of One Tree Island Research Station
The research Station provides basic accommodation. Three new buildings were constructed in 1987 to replace the former scientists' accommodation building, the resident officers' house and the wet laboratory/workshop/storage building. The fourth building, the main laboratory and station office, was constructed in 1983 and is cyclone-resistant. The new buildings provide comfortable living on the island, with timber-louvred windows, coral rubble and timber floors, screens and ceiling fans. Solar panels backed up by a 240V diesel generator provide electricity to a 120V DC battery bank and 240 volt AC inverter for lighting and laboratory equipment. For cooking LPG powered appliances are used. The only freshwater supply for the island is rainwater which is stored in (rainwater) tanks.
Ecology.
Natural.
Green turtle rookeries are located at Wreck Island, West Fairfax and West Hoskyn Islands; these are maintained in a natural condition, free from human disturbance. Up to eight seabird species breed on Masthead, One Tree and Wreck Islands, and seven species are recorded from Tryon, Erskine and West Fairfax Islands. The Capricorn Silvereye, a small bird endemic to the southern Great Barrier Reef, is found on the island. There are also Brown Booby breeding colonies at East and West Fairfax and East Hoskyn Islands.
Known shipwrecks on the reef.
Wisteria Sunk 14 September 1887 Barque built as the "Look At Home"; not salvaged One Tree Island /Wistari Reef? With a cargo of flour, bran, chaff and cement, she broke up on One Tree Island. An inquiry found that her loss was caused by the incompetence of her master and mate. The master's certificate was cancelled.
Jane Lockhart sunk between the 11 through to 17 December 1868 on Lady Musgrave Island / Heron Island / Masthead Reef or One Tree Island. The vessel was a 2 Mast Schooner . Departed from Sydney with general cargo for Broadsound; and ran aground on Lady Musgrave Island; maybe on Heron Island or One Tree Island or Masthead Reef Lost on a reef off Heron Island on the night of 17 December 1868. The crew took to the boat and safely reached the Pilot Station at Keppel Island.
Originally stated as on Lady Musgrave reef (most unlikely) later news reports claim wreck on Heron Island with some other reports mention the wreck on either One Tree Island or Mast Head.
The vessel was built in 1861 at Ulladulla New South Wales and registered in Sydney with the Official number of 36858 and a Registered number of 9/1861
From the original reports
One of the boats dispatched to the wreck of the "Jane Lockhart", schooner, has returned with the sails and a portion of the running and standing gear. The vessel, it appears, did not strike on Bunker's Group, as reported by Captain Machen, but upon what is known as Heron Island, about ninety miles to the northward of Bunker's Group. When the boat reached the vessel she was settled in a hollow in one of the reefs, the outer formation of the hollow acting as a breakwater against the seas. One side of the vessel was quite visible, and the new copper sheathing appeared uninjured. Captain Norris, who went down in charge of the boat, unbent the sails, so that the position of the vessel might as much as possible remain unaltered; he left the yards and masts standing.
and 6 months later it was reported as
The "Rose", schooner, has returned from the wreck of the "Jane Lockhart", on Masthead Reef, whither she went on June 15 Captain Dwyer informs us that the "Jane Lockhart" still lies in a very snug position, and he has no doubt but that himself, and Mr Norris, the purchaser of the wreck, will be able, ultimately, to raise the vessel and bring her safely to Rockhampton
Nearly the whole of the period that they were at the reef, very heavy weather prevailed, staving operations towards the recovery of the cargo, but luckily the strong SE winds lulled for about three days Captain Dwyer availed himself of the occasion, set to work, rigged up a staging between the masts of the "Lockhart", schooner, and by means of a rope and a South Sea Island diver, managed to bring up from eighty to ninety large iron pulley wheels, besides a quantity of machinery and sundries, comprising Ale, porter, liqueur brandy, cutlery, ironmongery, etc. Unfortunately the "Rose's" water ran out, much to the chagrin of the crew, who would have raised a great deal more, only having to run into port for supplies 

</doc>
<doc id="20778601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778601" title="Fenway Partners">
Fenway Partners

Fenway Partners is an American private equity firm that makes leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in transportation, logistics, consumer products and manufacturing companies in the middle market.
The firm was founded in 1994 by Richard Dresdale (formerly Clayton, Dubilier & Rice) and Peter Lamm (formerly Butler Capital Partners) and has over $2 billion of capital under management. Since inception, the firm has raised three private equity funds. Fenway's first fund, closed on approximately $525 million of capital commitments in 1996 and just two years later, in 1998, the firm raised an additional $900 million of capital. As a result of several investments made in the 1998 fund, prior to the collapse of the dot-com bubble, performance in that fund was affected. Nevertheless, the firm was able to raise a successor fund in 2006 and 2007 with approximately $700 million of commitments from institutional investors.
Investments.
Among the firms most notable investments are Targus, 1-800 Contacts, Coach America, Riddell, Bell Sports and Easton.
Targus Corporation.
Fenway Partners acquired Targus Group International, an Anaheim, California based company, for the sum of $382.5 million on November 22 of 2005. During the acquisition of Targus, the managing director at Fenway Partners, Timothy Mayhew, was quoted saying; “Targus has many of the elements Fenway looks for, including a leading market position, a diversified revenue base with high barriers to entry, strong free cash flow and dynamic industry characteristics. Targus was the original creator of carrying cases for potable computers and have since expanded into multiple electronics accessories including; backpacks, locks, keyboards and keypads, privacy screens, to name a few, and most recently with their acquisition of Sena, a high quality leather case maker, into the market of cases for smart phones.
1-800 Contacts
In 2007, Fenway Partners acquired 1-800 Contacts, a vendor and distributor of brand name contact lens, located in Draper, Utah. The price set for the acquisition of 1-800 Contacts was at premium of 21% over the highest reported share value within the last year and 34% over the closing price within the last month. In total, the purchase price was valued at $340 million.
On june 20th of 2012, Co-Founder of Fenway Partners, Peter Lamm, was quoted stating “We are very pleased with the outcome of our investment in 1-800 Contacts” after Fenway Partners sold 1-800 Contacts to WellPoint Inc., a health benefits firm, for a sum of roughly $900 million. 
Riddell Sports Group
On July 7, 2003, Fenway Partners proudly announced their acquisition of Riddell Sports Group a sporting goods manufacturer. Riddell helmets are won by more than 85% of NFL players, and in 2002 they released the first computer engineered football helmet in its efforts to help reduce concussions among athletes. As the leading manufacturer of football helmets, among other products such as pads and collectible replica items, Riddell posted revenues of over $100 million in 2002, the same figure for which it was acquired by Fenway Partners the following year.
Bell Sports
Bell Sports, a helmet and apparel manufacturer, was acquired by Fenway Partners in August 2004. Bell was acquired for an estimated $240 million. The purchase of Bell Sports, who’s owner investors had planned to sell the company back in April, was powerful move for Fenway Partners as it planned to merge its newest asset with their recently acquired Riddell Sports Group. 
Among the firm's most notable realized investments are high-end jewelry retailer Harry Winston and the Simmons Bedding Company.
Mergers.
Riddell Sports Group/Bell Sports
“This is a merger of strengths in a sense” stated Tim Mayhew, managing director for Fenway Partners, who acquired Riddell Sports Group in 2003, and Bell Sports in 2004. The purchase of Bell was very fitting in expanding Fenway’s market share in the sports industries. By combining both these industry leaders, Bell from action sports and Riddell from the football industry, the company will now have the largest research and development facility, based in Santa Cruz, California., geared towards head protection in the world. Combined, these companies will now be producing over 8 million helmets a year and is expected to earn revenues upwards of $300 million in 2004.
CEO and president of Bell Sports, Bill Fry, was appointed to lead the combined companies’ management team due to his efforts, in putting Bell back on top of their market, since he joined in 2001. Bill Sherman, Riddell CEO will remain in his current position as well as serving on the board of directors in regards to the company.
Riddell Bell Holdings/Easton Sports Inc.
Two years after the merger of Riddell and Bell, Fenway Partners were at it again by proposing a merger with their newest entity Riddell Bell Holdings and Easton Sports Inc. Easton is a sporting goods industry leader with departments spanning from cycling to baseball, hockey, motocross and even archery. In the past Easton has consistently earned yearly revenues similar to those of Riddell Bell and as a combined entity is expected to break the $600 million mark. 
Easton Sports Inc. was a subsidiary company of Jas D. Easton and its only subsidiary who was part of the merger. The head of Easton Sports, Jim Easton, was appointed Chair of the new combined entity. While the Riddel Bell merger earned Fenway a world leader in research and development in their fields, this merger created a behemoth in the sporting goods industry which will be “unsurpassed” stated Bill Sherman CEO of Riddell. Anthony Palma, who served as Easton’s CEO and president until 2008, said about Fenway’s new prized entity; “This company is now the number one baseball company, the number one football company, the number one in bike helmets, number one in snow helmets and the number one hockey innovation company. Yeah, there's a lot of number ones here. We like that."
Miscellaneous.
The firm was named loosely in reference to Fenway Park, but the firm is based in New York City and has no connections with the Boston Red Sox, Fenway Park or Fenway Sports Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20778609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778609" title="Aaron Dashiell">
Aaron Dashiell

Aaron Dashiell is a former American football defensive back. Dashiell attended the University of Maine, where he played with the Maine Black Bears football team. He was named to the Division I-AA All American twice (1998–1999), becoming at the time just Maine's second multiple time All American after John Huard. Stephen Cooper and Jovan Belcher have done it since.
During his junior season, Dashiell had 100 tackles and 6 interceptions. He is from Plainfield, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20778658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778658" title="Kelidar">
Kelidar

Kelidar (1977 to 1984) is Mahmoud Dowlatabadi's monumental novel, one of the most famous Persian novels. This novel is of nearly three thousand pages in five volumes consisting of ten books.
The author has used Folklore in writing Kelidar and he spent 15 years writing the novel. Kelidar has been translated into different languages.
Kelidar is the name of a mountain and a village in Khorasan where the events of the novel take place.
Plot.
The story is about the life of a Kurdish family in Sabzevar, Khorasan faced with the hostility of neighboring villagers despite the similarity of their culture. It is set against the highly charged political climate in Iran after World War II, between 1946 and 1949.
Characters.
"Illustrating the tragic fate of the Iranian peasantry and the nomadic tribes in a period of the power politics," and based on actual events, the novel follows the trials and tribulations of the Kalmiši family, and is peopled with an array of supporting characters. 
Mārāl
Mārāl is a young Kurdish girl from the Kalmiši family.
Abdus
Mārāl's father
Delāvar
Mārāl's fiancé
Belqays
Mārāl’s paternal aunt, the matriarch of the family and the linking thread for the novel’s events and characters, and her husband, Kalmiši, have three sons and a daughter: Khan Moḥammad, Gol-Moḥammad, Beg Moḥammad, and Širu 
Sattār
One of the supporters of Gol-Mohammad.
Critiques.
From the Reviews.
"Kelidar is the longest Persian novel written to date, and surely one of the finest. The present translation is of parts I and 2 only, which are sufficiently self-contained to make for satisfying reading and which also give a good idea of what the whole is like. (...) Doulatabadi's style is that of a traditional Persian storyteller, in that he constructs his tale in a linear fashion, speaks through an omniscient narrator, and uses a balanced mixture of narrative and dialogue. (...) One wishes that readers of English could also experience the pleasures of this novel." - William L. Hanaway, World Literature Today 

</doc>
<doc id="20778685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778685" title="Grand Duchy of Westarctica">
Grand Duchy of Westarctica

The Grand Duchy of Westarctica is a micronation created by American Travis McHenry, which claims Marie Byrd Land. Westarctica was founded on a supposed loophole in the Antarctic Treaty. The claim of micronation status has been used as a basis to mint and sell coins to collectors. Westarctica is not recognised by the government of any country, despite its attempts. 
Territory.
The bulk of the micronation's claimed territory consists of Marie Byrd Land, defined as all land south of 60° S and between 90° W and 150° W. This is between the claim of Chile and the claim of New Zealand. The original capital was named Achilles. Later on, the Balleny Islands claimed by New Zealand and Peter I Island claimed by Norway were annexed. Peter I Island was declared the new capital of Westarctica.
History.
On November 2, 2001, Travis McHenry decided to claim Marie Byrd Land as a country upon discovering that no country yet claimed it. However, this was because the Antarctic Treaty prevented any new claims on Antarctica by countries. To get around this, McHenry claimed the land as an individual and then founded a country, the Achaean Territory of Antarctica, upon it. He sent letters to the governments of Russia, France, Norway, Australia, New Zealand, Argentina, Chile, the United States, and the United Kingdom to inform them of his claim. All of these countries ignored him.
In 2004, McHenry changed the name of his country to the Grand Duchy of Westarctica. The next year, he claimed the Balleny Islands and Peter I Island, which were already claimed by New Zealand and Norway, respectively. Grand Duke Travis abdicated in 2006 in favor of being Baron of Dunluce Castle. He was replaced as Grand Duke by Philip Karns.
In early 2008 health issues caused Philip Karns to cease his involvement in Westarctica. Since this time operations have moved from Westarctica.com to Westarctica.org. The current head of state is Jon-Lawrence Langer, the Duke of Moulton-Berlin. Langer has requested Westarcticans and Westarctica's allies in the micronational community aid in the project's revitalization.
On June 3, 2010 the founder of Westarctica, Travis McHenry removed Jon-Lawrence Langer as head of state after several micronational disputes and complaints. McHenry abolished the grand duchy and replaced it by the Protectorate of Westarctica. Together with these reforms Westarctica adopted a new flag, reduced the claim and joined the Antarctic Micronational Union. 
Westarctica has produced several coins, in the form of both wooden nickels and metal coins. They have also made stamps. Recently, Westarctica was featured in "". In 2010, Travis McHenry assumed the position of Grand Duke of Westarctica. In June 2010 negotiation began with the Antarctic Micronational Union (AMU) 

</doc>
<doc id="20778688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778688" title="Spirit Falls">
Spirit Falls

Spirit Falls is a waterfall located in the Jacobs Hill open space preserve in Royalston, Massachusetts. The preserve is managed by non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations. The Tully Trail passes by the falls. 

</doc>
<doc id="20778699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778699" title="Alan Dunn (cartoonist)">
Alan Dunn (cartoonist)

Alan Dunn (1900–1974) was a cartoonist known for his work in "The New Yorker". He also had architectural expertise and submitted work to "Architectural Record". He was married to fellow cartoonist Mary Petty.
Dunn studied at Columbia University, the National Academy of Design and the American Academy in Rome.
He eventually became "The New Yorker"'s most prolific illustrator, creating nine covers and nearly 2000 cartoons over 47 years.
A cartoon of his is credited with inspiring the Fermi Paradox.
Dunn and Petty donated their papers to Syracuse University.

</doc>
<doc id="20778740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778740" title="Jacinto Ciria Cruz">
Jacinto Ciria Cruz

Jacinto "Jumping Jack" Ciria Cruz is a former Filipino basketball player and coach. Ciria Cruz played for the University of Santo Tomas men's basketball team, and also represented the Philippines at the 1936 Summer Olympics as a member of the country's national basketball team. He later ventured into coaching different collegiate squads.

</doc>
<doc id="20778759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778759" title="ZAMCELCO">
ZAMCELCO

The Zamboanga City Electric Cooperative, Inc., commonly known as ZAMCELCO, is an electrical power supplier in Zamboanga City in the Philippines. The cooperative organization was established on February 23, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20778776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778776" title="Costa Rican Brush Finch">
Costa Rican Brush Finch

The Costa Rican Brush Finch or Grey-striped Brush Finch ("Arremon costaricensis") is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family. It is found in the undergrowth of humid forest, especially near edges, at altitudes of in Panama and Costa Rica.
Taxonomy.
The Costa Rican Brush Finch is often treated as a subspecies of the Stripe-headed Brush Finch ("A. torquatus"), but was determined a distinct species, together with the Black-headed Brush Finch, on the basis of differences in vocalization, plumage, and genetics.

</doc>
<doc id="20778782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778782" title="Mill Creek (Montgomery County, Pennsylvania)">
Mill Creek (Montgomery County, Pennsylvania)

Mill Creek is a tributary of the Schuylkill River in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Mill Creek arises from a number of sources east of Lancaster Avenue (U.S. Route 30) from near Villanova south to near Ardmore, and flows east to join the Schuylkill River just upstream from the Gladwyne interchange of the Schuylkill Expressway (Interstate 76 exit 337) and the Flat Rock Dam.
Dove Lake is located beside the northern branch of Mill Creek, just upstream of where Old Gulph Road crosses the creek at a ford. The ford has a gate, which is frequently closed when high water makes crossing it dangerous.
The lower creek has some historic mills and related buildings on Mill Creek Road and nearby Rose Glen Road.
Mill Creek Road follows the south branch of the creek from Montgomery Avenue near Ardmore to River Road by the Schuylkill, mostly on the right bank, but with several crossings near the junction with the north branch.

</doc>
<doc id="20778790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778790" title="Charles Borck">
Charles Borck

Charles Borck (January 4, 1917 – February 6, 2008) was a Filipino basketball player. Born in Quiapo, Manila, Philippines of a German father and a Spanish mother, he was nicknamed "The Blonde Bombshell" because of his blond hair and good looks. A 6'1" center, he played for the San Beda Red Lions men's senior basketball team and later for the Philippines at the 1936 Summer Olympics where he was the tallest member of the latter team.
After retiring from active play, Borck settled in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA in 1949. By the time of his death in 2008, he was the 1936 Philippine men's Olympic basketball team's last surviving member. He became one of the first inductees into the Philippine National Basketball Hall of Fame in 1999 along with fellow 1936 Olympic basketball team members Ambrosio Padilla, Jacinto Ciria Cruz and Primitivo Martinez.

</doc>
<doc id="20778799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778799" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from .1 to 1,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from .1 to 1,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="20778809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778809" title="KD Sri Indera Sakti">
KD Sri Indera Sakti

KD Sri Indera Sakti is 4,300-ton, 100-meter multi-role support ship of the Royal Malaysian Navy based in the Lumut Naval Base in Perak, Malaysia.
Service history.
The ship was sent to Somalian waters to take over the role of the similar KD Mahawangsa to fight piracy in the Gulf of Aden in December 2008. In the same month, it successfully came to the aid of Chinese crane ship .
In 2009 the KD "Sri Indera Sakti" dispatched two helicopters that successfully repelled two Somali pirate skiffs attempting to capture the Indian tanker "MT Abul Kalam Azad."

</doc>
<doc id="20778811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778811" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 250 to 1,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 250 to 1,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="20778812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778812" title="Bud Bulling">
Bud Bulling

Terry Charles "Bud" Bulling (born December 15, 1952 in Lynwood, California) is a former Major League Baseball catcher for the Minnesota Twins () and Seattle Mariners (-).
In , Bulling caught Gaylord Perry's 300th win.

</doc>
<doc id="20778817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778817" title="Chad Hayes (American football)">
Chad Hayes (American football)

Chad Hayes (born January 26, 1979 in Old Town, Maine) is a former American football tight end. He graduated from the University of Maine Black Bears in 2001 where he was an All American in 2001. Hayes went undrafted in the 2002 NFL Draft but played in the National Football League in either the preseason or on the practice squad with the Kansas City Chiefs, Cincinnati Bengals, San Diego Chargers and Tennessee Titans. Prior to the 2002 Draft, Hayes was ranked the 17th best tight end prospect, ahead of future NFL players Jeb Putzier, John Owens, Kori Dickerson and John Gilmore.

</doc>
<doc id="20778819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778819" title="System for Teaching Experimental Psychology">
System for Teaching Experimental Psychology

System for Teaching Experimental Psychology (STEP) is a collaborative project designed to maximize the use of E-Prime, PsyScope, and other experiment-generating systems for teaching undergraduate classes in experimental psychology. It is a database of scripts based on classic and student-created psychological experiments, tutorials, utilities, and course frameworks. The project is directed by Brian MacWhinney at Carnegie Mellon University, and other major contributors include Ping Li of the University of Richmond, Chris Schunn of the University of Pittsburgh, and James St. James of Millikin University. Support for STEP comes from the Division of Undergraduate Education of the National Science Foundation.
Students in psychology need to learn to design and analyze their own experiments. However, software that allows students to build experiments on their own has been limited in a variety of ways. E-Prime is the standard for building experiments in psychology, STEP is a Web-based resource that uses E-Prime as the delivery engine for a wide variety of instructional materials. The goal of the STEP Project is to provide instructional materials that will facilitate the use of E-Prime in various learning contexts. STEP is compiling a large set of classic experiments implemented in E-Prime and available over the Internet from http://step.psy.cmu.edu. The Web site also distributes instructional materials for building courses in experimental psychology based on E-Prime.
STEP Resources include:
The e-prime mailing list that is used to share ideas and issues regarding the use of E-Prime to build experiments. 
SCRIPTS-Classic: Runnable E-Prime scripts that can be used to demonstrate classic experiments in Experimental Psychology. These are accompanied by descriptions of the original articles.
SCRIPTS-Plus: Additional E-Prime scripts for certain commonly used paradigms. These are not accompanied by descriptions of the original articles. Some of these are recent contributions.
SCRIPTS-Techniques: E-Prime scripts contributed by various users and PST designed to illustrate specific programming techniques and tasks.
SCRIPTS-Student: E-Prime scripts contributed by Brian MacWhinney's students in Cognitive Research Methods in 2002 and 2003.
MATERIALS: The E-Prime Getting Started Guide and various PowerPoint tutorials from PST, as well as additional technical documents for response boxes, etc.
UTILITIES: Utilities for working with E-Prime and PsyScope
COURSE FRAMEWORK: Complete material set for a Lab course based on E-Prime from Chris Schunn at George Mason University

</doc>
<doc id="20778827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778827" title="Chad Hayes">
Chad Hayes

Chad Hayes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20778836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778836" title="Piper Reese">
Piper Reese

Piper Reese (born August 13, 2000) is an MPAA-accredited American kid's entertainment reporter, Internet celebrity and actress who hosts her own podcasts, Piper's Picks TV and Piper's Quick Picks. Reese is the older of two children. As an actress, Piper is best known for playing Nancy Patanski on the Nickelodeon drama series "Deadtime Stories". Reese has been working on her web show since 2007.
Career.
Piper's Picks TV.
In 2007, at 7 years old, Reese began hosting Piper's Picks TV and became the youngest video podcaster on the Net. Each episode features Reese's take on a chosen topic, such as food, theme park rides, films, and television shows, or more recently, the episodes have featured interviews with celebrities. Reese's brother, Parker, appears with her in several of her show's episodes: #005, #008, #011, #017, #023, #025 and #037.
Piper's Quick Picks.
In March 2010, Reese began hosting Piper's Quick Picks, a series of red carpet interviews with popular teen celebrities which run shorter than regular Piper's Picks episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20778838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778838" title="Hundt">
Hundt

Hundt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20778841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778841" title="Home for Christmas (Sheryl Crow album)">
Home for Christmas (Sheryl Crow album)

Home for Christmas is a Christmas album and the seventh studio album by American singer Sheryl Crow, first released in 2008 exclusively at Hallmark stores. The album was re-released in 2010 exclusively at Target stores with new artwork. In 2011, it finally received a major release worldwide, on CD and as a digital download. As for December 2011, it sold as many as 40,000 copies in the US.
Crow previously recorded "Blue Christmas" in 1997 as part of the "A Very Special Christmas 3" collection, in a completely different arrangement.
Track listing.
Note: "O Holy Night" features a minute-long intro of "It Came Upon the Midnight Clear".

</doc>
<doc id="20778889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778889" title="Alfonso Marquez (basketball)">
Alfonso Marquez (basketball)

Alfonso R. Marquez (born March 29, 1938), better known as Alfonso "Boy" Marquez, is a former Filipino basketball player. Marquez was born in Zamboanga City, Philippines. 
A product of Ateneo de Zamboanga High School team and the University of Visayas, he came to Manila joining Ysmael Steel in 1958. He won six championships as a part of the Ysmael Steel squad. An all-around player, he could play the center, forward and guard positions. 
Marquez also appeared at the Olympic Games as a member of the country's national basketball team. At the 1968 Mexico Olympics, Marquez and another Hall of Famer Ed Ocampo took turns in shackling Shin Dong Pa as the Philippines beat South Korea, 63-60. Marquez shot 18 points and Shin, 16. 
He later played for Meralco and Mariwasa AC during the 70s in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20778891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778891" title="Rheumatoid vasculitis">
Rheumatoid vasculitis

Rheumatoid vasculitis is skin condition that is a typical feature of rheumatoid arthritis, presenting as peripheral vascular lesions that are localized purpura, cutaneous ulceration, and gangrene of the distal parts of the extremities.

</doc>
<doc id="20778913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778913" title="Presbylarynx">
Presbylarynx

The Presbylarynx is a condition in which age-related atrophy of the soft tissues of the larynx results in weak voice and restricted vocal range and stamina. In simple - Loss of vocal fold tone and elasticity due to aging which affects voice quality.
Symptoms.
The list of signs and symptoms mentioned in various sources for Presbylarynx includes the 4 symptoms listed below: 
(1) Hoarseness 
(2) Breathy voice 
(3) Reduced voice volume 
(4) Unstable voice pitch 
Note that Presbylarynx symptoms usually refers to various symptoms known to a patient, but the phrase Presbylarynx signs may refer to those signs only noticeable by a doctor.
Treatment.
The list of treatments mentioned in various sources for Presbylarynx includes the following list. Always seek professional medical advice about any treatment or change in treatment plans. 
Voice therapy
References.
Speech and Hearing Science: Anatomy and Physiology 3rd edition. Willard R. Zemlin. 1988. Prentice-Hall, Inc. Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. ISBN 0-13-827429-0

</doc>
<doc id="20778941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778941" title="Interstitial granulomatous dermatitis">
Interstitial granulomatous dermatitis

Interstitial granulomatous dermatitis with arthritis is a condition that most commonly presents with symmetrical round-to-oval erythematous or violaceous plaques on the flanks, axillae, inner thighs, and lower abdomen.

</doc>
<doc id="20778942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778942" title="Royce Howes">
Royce Howes

Royce Bucknam Howes (January 3, 1901 – March 18, 1973) was a Pulitzer Prize–winning journalist and author who also published a biography of Edgar Guest and a number of crime novels. He worked for the "Detroit Free Press" from 1927–1966 and won the Pulitzer Prize in 1955 for an editorial on the cause of an unauthorized strike by an autoworkers local that idled 45,000 Chrysler workers.
Newspaper career.
Writer and editorial director.
Born in 1901 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Royce Howes moved to Detroit and began a long career with the "Detroit Free Press" in 1927. He remained with the "Free Press" for 39 years until his retirement in 1966. Howes eventually served as the editorial director of the paper. In 1955, Howes wrote an editorial that was covered in other papers about the role of the newspaper in American society. He began with a dissection of the tangible things in a newspaper—paper and ink. But he concluded that news "is all things to all men. What it is depends on who is defining it. And it is YOUR definition, not the editor's, which matters." Howes's colleague at the "Free Press", columnist Malcolm Bingay, said of Howes: "My friend and colleague, Col. Royce Howes, knows a great deal about a surprising number of things that ordinary mortals never think about. That is why he is such a successful novelist and short story writer."
Pulitzer Prize.
Howes received the 1955 Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing for an editorial published July 16, 1954, titled "An Instance of Costly Cause and Effect Which Detroiters Should Weigh Soberly". He also won the National Headliner Award for editorial writing. Howes's award-winning editorial concerned an unauthorized July 1954 strike by a local of the United Automobile Workers' union. The strike shut down production at Chrysler Corporation and put 45,000 Chrysler workers out of work. In awarding the prize to Howes, the Pulitzer organization noted that Howes's editorial impartially and clearly assessed the shared responsibility of both labor and management. The Pulitzer Prize organization found that "the editorial made a notable contribution to public understanding of the whole program of the respective responsibilities and relationships of labor and management in this field."
The full text of Howes's Pulitzer Prize-winning editorial is included in the book "Pulitzer Prize Editorials" published in 2003.
Military service.
Howes also served in the U.S. Army during World War II, achieving the rank of Lieutenant Colonel, and receiving the Bronze Star. He was an editor for the Army newspaper "Stars and Stripes."
Author.
Biographer of Edgar Guest.
Howes was a close friend for many years of the prolific American poet, Edgar A. Guest. Guest published his poetry in the Detroit Free Press, and Howes served as Guest's long-time editor and eventually as his biographer. The "Los Angeles Times" said of Howes's biography of Guest: "His editor and longtime friend Royce Howes has written the biography Guest deserves ... Royce Howes has done a biography of a likeable and human man in not too adulatory a fashion; and it is readable." The Yuma Daily Sun noted: "Hearty friendship and mutuality of association combined with author competence have produced a book which, in the most vital sense, will be of interest to all Americans."
Crime novelist.
In the 1930s and 1940s, Howes also wrote and published numerous crime novels, many for the "Crime Club". The "Crime Club" novels were popular in the 1930s and were described as "a mark which always signifies, if not a masterpiece of detective fiction, at least an entertaining one." His crime novels include:
Death.
Howes died on March 18, 1973, at William Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak, Michigan. He is buried at Detroit's Elmwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20778967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778967" title="Love Is the Message the Tour of Misia 1999-2000">
Love Is the Message the Tour of Misia 1999-2000

Love Is the Message the Tour of Misia 1999-2000 was a 1999-2000 concert tour by Japanese R&B singer Misia. It is her first arena tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20778968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778968" title="2006 NECBL season">
2006 NECBL season

The 2006 NECBL season was the thirteenth season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The league's Lowell, Massachusetts franchise, the Mill City All-Americans, was renamed and became the Lowell All-Americans.
In the quarterfinal playoff rounds, Vermont defeated Holyoke 2-0(2-0,5-1), Sanford defeated Keene 2-0(3-1,14-4), Torrington defeated North Adams(3-0,7-2), and Newport Defeated Manchester 2-1(5-8,7-1,5-4). In the semifinal rounds, Vermont defeated Sanford 2-1(2-1,5-6,3-2) and Torrington defeated Newport 2-0(1-0,3-1). In game 1 of the championship round, Vermont defeated Torrington 4-3. In game 2, Vermont defeated Torrington 4-1 to win the NECBL championship.
Media.
The 2006 NECBL season was notable as it was the first in which the entire league began live, video broadcasts of all games via Teamline. The Newport Gulls, as defending champions, had the first-ever live video webcast of a game on Opening Day, June 8, 2006. The Gulls walked off to win, 2-1, in 10 innings versus the Pittsfield Dukes. Under new team Director of Broadcast Operations Nicholas Lima, the Gulls broadcast team pioneered the first regular, multi-camera broadcast in league history, going on to win the Rhode Island PEG Award for Best Sports Program for their coverage of the June 8 game. Following the success of the Gulls multi-camera broadcasts, other teams would attempt to emulate the Gulls' production, including the Manchester Silkworms, Torrington Twisters and Keene Swamp Bats, as it became known for being the best in the NECBL. 

</doc>
<doc id="20778972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778972" title="Palisaded neutrophilic and granulomatous dermatitis">
Palisaded neutrophilic and granulomatous dermatitis

Palisaded neutrophilic and granulomatous dermaititis is usually associated with a well-defined connective tissue disease, lupus erythematosus or rheumatoid arthritis most commonly, and often presents with eroded or ulcerated symmetrically distributed umbilicated papules or nodules on the elbows.

</doc>
<doc id="20778988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20778988" title="North Point Park">
North Point Park

North Point Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20779008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779008" title="Methotrexate-induced papular eruption">
Methotrexate-induced papular eruption

Methotrexate-induced papular eruption appears in patients being treated with methotrexate, such as those with rheumatic disease, presenting with erythematous indurated papules, usually located on the proximal extremities.
It has been suggested that it may represent a Cutaneous small-vessel vasculitis.
See also.
Dermatol Online J. 2003 Feb;9(1):14.
Methotrexate-induced acral erythema with bullous reaction.
Feizy V, Namazi MR, Barikbin B, Ehsani A.
Abstract
Chemotherapy-induced acral erythema (CIAE), a toxic reaction to a number of different chemotherapeutic agents, causes a symmetrical, painful erythema of both the palms and soles which is self-limiting. The association of this syndrome with methotrexate is unusual; only nine cases have been reported in the literature. We describe the tenth case of this syndrome associated with methotrexate, which is also the third case of the bullous variant of methotrexate-induced acral erythema. Our case is unusual in that the acral erythema was present only on the soles of the feet and in that it was associated with the presence of diffuse maculopapular lesions over the legs and trunk.

</doc>
<doc id="20779014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779014" title="Nei Lingding Island">
Nei Lingding Island

Nei Lingding Island (, Nei Lingding Dao, 'Inner Lingding Island'） is an island in the Pearl River estuary in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong. Although it is located closer to the eastern (Hong Kong and Shenzhen) shore of the estuary, it is administratively part of the prefecture-level city of Zhuhai, whose main administrative center is located on the west shore of the river.
History.
When the Portuguese explorer Jorge Álvares and Rafael Perestrello landed on Nei Lingding Island (known in early European sources as Lintin Island) in May 1513, his was the first known arrival of a European-flagged ship to set anchor on the coast of China.
As of 1814 century Nei Lingding (Lintin) Island was called the "outer anchorage" for European ships traveling to Canton (Guangzhou). They would have to stop at the island, have their cargo inspected and measured by the Chinese customs officials stationed at the island, and pay customs duties. When in 1821 the Chinese government prohibited importation of opium into the country's ports, Lintin became a base of drug smugglers; old boats hulks, anchored near the island, served as warehouses and depots where imported opium would be reloaded to smaller boats to be smuggled into Guangzhou and other ports. Edmund Roberts visited the island in 1832, and noted that there were "seven to eight ships" smuggling opium, including American boats. From the 1830s until the cession of Hong Kong in the 1840s, Lintin Island was the main base for British merchants in the Pearl River Delta area. The island was a stopping point during monsoon season for ship repair. Ships would stay on the island on the island upwards of six months.
Demographics.
As of 1814, the population was approximated at less than 60. As of 1821, just under 2,000. When Edmund Roberts visited in 1832, he noted a population of approximately 5,000.
Nature reserve.
Since 1984, a part of the island forms the "Neilingding Island and Futian (福田) Nature Reserve". The reserve covers 7.8 km2, including 4.5 km2 of land area and 3.0 km2 of mangrove forest, and was created to protect some 300 rhesus macaques and other animals, such as pangolins and pythons.

</doc>
<doc id="20779029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779029" title="Peace feeler">
Peace feeler

A peace feeler is, in diplomacy, a means of determining whether a warring party is prepared to end hostilities. William Safire defines it as "a diplomatic probe, real or imagined, to end hostilities."

</doc>
<doc id="20779050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779050" title="Reactive perforating collagenosis">
Reactive perforating collagenosis

Reactive perforating collagenosis is a rare, familial, nonpuritic skin disorder characterized by papules that grow in a diameter of 4 to 6mm and develop a central area of umbilication to which keratinous material is lodged. The etiology of reactive perforating collagenosis is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20779076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779076" title="Barack Obama – Der schwarze Kennedy">
Barack Obama – Der schwarze Kennedy

Barack Obama – Der schwarze Kennedy () is a best-selling German-language biography of President of the United States Barack Obama by journalist Christoph von Marschall. The book was written by von Marschall while he spent much of 2007 travelling with Obama's presidential campaign as a reporter for the Berlin newspaper "Der Tagesspiegel". It covers Obama’s life from his childhood, through his college studies, his time as a community organizer in Chicago, Illinois, and his political career including his 2008 presidential campaign. Von Marschall sums up his impressions of Obama by saying, “Seine Lebensgeschichte steht für den amerikanischen Traum.” (“His life story stands for the American Dream.”)
The book's title, which implies a comparison between Obama and John F. Kennedy, seemed gimmicky to some people when it was published in December 2007. However, in the following months many other Germans compared the two men and expressed hope that an Obama presidency would bring better relations between the United States and Europe. Kennedy is very popular in Germany, with many recalling his famous statement, “Ich bin ein Berliner" (“I am a Berliner”) – given in West Berlin in 1963 at the height of the Cold War. Steffen Hallaschka, a moderator for Germany's NDR TV, said: "Germans in the '60s projected a lot of hope and fantasies on Kennedy. This is what they are doing with Obama.".
"Barack Obama – Der schwarze Kennedy" has been credited with helping to inspire interest in and support for Obama among people in Germany, with "der schwarze Kennedy" becoming a popular expression. Von Marschall, however, pointed out in some interviews that Obama’s Democratic Party primary rival Hillary Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, are also popular in Germany and in the rest of Europe. 

</doc>
<doc id="20779077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779077" title="Contemporary Vocal Ensemble">
Contemporary Vocal Ensemble

NOTUS, the Contemporary Vocal Ensemble at the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music is to date the only university-based vocal group in the United States exclusively dedicated to the study and performance of vocal and choral repertoire written after 1900. It includes singers, composers, young scholars and instrumentalists chosen for their special interest in the music of our time. Depending on the repertoire, the ensemble adjusts its size to perform solo vocal, chamber choral and large oratorio-like compositions. After its founding in 1980 by Alan Harler, the ensemble was directed by Indiana University Professor Emeritus Jan Harrington until 1992 and by Carmen Helena Téllez from 1992-2012. It is presently conducted by Dominick DiOrio, who renamed the group NOTUS in 2013.
Noted for innovative programming, NOTUS explores all significant styles of the last century as well as works at the forefront of today’s contemporary music scene. A special emphasis is placed on the works of living and emerging composers, especially notable works for voices composed by Indiana University faculty and students.
NOTUS offers an annual series of concerts at Indiana University and performs occasionally in outside concerts and festivals. Recent projects include the commission, performance and recording of James MacMillan's "Sun-Dogs" (2006), for chorus a cappella; the "Missa ad Consolationis Dominam Nostram" (1994) by the Mexican composer Mario Lavista, and the premiere and recording of Juan Orrego-Salas's choral-orchestral cantata "La ciudad celeste" (2004). Other notable projects are the American, Midwest and/or university premieres of John Adams's oratorio "El Niño" (2001); Ralph Shapey's oratorio "Praise"; Karlheinz Stockhausen's choral opera "Atmen gibt das Leben" (1994), Steve Reich's "Tehillim" and "Desert Music"; "Music/Theater Piece" by Philip Glass; Arvo Pärt's "Passio" and "Miserere", Gilles Swayne's "Cry"; James MacMillan's "Seven Last Words from the Cross"; and several world-premieres by Feliù Gasull, Aurelio de la Vega, and Jorge Liderman. The Contemporary Vocal Ensemble produced and performed the first university-based performance of Osvaldo Golijov's opera "Ainadamar" and the world-premiere of Gabriela Ortiz's video-opera "¡Unicamente la verdad! (Only the Truth!)." 
Since Dominick DiOrio arrived in 2012, NOTUS has performed an eclectic combination of works for voices by composers such as Dominick Argento, John Cage, Chen Yi, Melissa Dunphy, Eriks Esenvalds, Don Freund, Ted Hearne, Moses Hogan, Paul Mealor, Per Nørgård, Tawnie Olson, Sven-David Sandström, Caroline Shaw, Veljo Tormis, Dale Trumbore, Robert Vuichard, and Zachary Wadsworth. Major repertoire for the previous season included Nico Muhly's "Expecting the Main Things from You", James MacMillan's "Cantos Sagrados", Dominick DiOrio's "A Dome of Many-Coloured Glass", Herbert Howells's "Take Him, Earth, for Cherishing", and the monumental "Sonnengesang" by Sofia Gubaidulina. 

</doc>
<doc id="20779081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779081" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Charlotte County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Charlotte County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Charlotte County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20779104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779104" title="Kevin Buckley">
Kevin Buckley

Kevin Buckley (born January 16, 1959 in Quincy, Massachusetts) is a retired baseball player. Buckley attended Braintree High School prior to attending the University of Maine. With Maine's baseball team, Buckley appeared in the 1981 College World Series. Drafted in the 17th round of the 1981 Major League Baseball draft, Buckley made his major league debut with the Texas Rangers on September 4, 1984. Appearing in 5 career games as a designated hitter, Buckley went 2-7 with 4 strike outs.

</doc>
<doc id="20779111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779111" title="Perforating calcific elastosis">
Perforating calcific elastosis

Perforating calcific elastosis (also known as "Localized acquired cutaneous pseudoxanthoma elasticum," "Perforating periumbilical calcific elastosis," and "Periumbilical perforating pseudoxanthoma elasticum") is an acquired, localized cutaneous disorder, most frequently found in obese, multiparous, middle-aged women, characterized by lax, well-circumscribed, reticulated or cobble-stoned plaques occurring in the periumbilical region with keratotic surface papules.

</doc>
<doc id="20779161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779161" title="Ping Li">
Ping Li

Ping Li () is a Professor of Psychology, Linguistics, and Information Sciences and Technology at Pennsylvania State University. He specializes in language acquisition, focusing on bilingual language processing in East Asian languages and connectionist modeling. Li received a B.A. in Chinese linguistics from Peking University in 1983, an M.A. in theoretical linguistics from Peking University, a Ph.D. in psycholinguistics from Leiden University and the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics in 1990, and completed post-doctoral fellowships at the Center for Research in Language at the University of California, San Diego and the McDonnell-Pew Center for Research in Cognitive Neuroscience in 1992. Li has been employed at the Chinese University of Hong Kong (1992–1996), the University of Richmond (1996–2006), and Pennsylvania State University (2008–present), and he has also served as a Visiting Associate Professor at Hong Kong University (2002–2003), an Adjunct Professor at the State Key Laboratory for Cognitive Neuroscience and Learning at Beijing Normal University (2000–present), as well as Program Director for the Perception, Action, and Cognition Program and the Cognitive Neuroscience Program at the National Science Foundation (2007–2009).
Li is also President-Elect of the "Society for Computers in Psychology" and one of the four chief editors of ", Cambridge University Press".
Selected publications.
Li, Ping and Yashuhiro Shirai, Y. (2000) The acquisition of lexical and grammatical aspect. Berlin: Mouton de Gruyter. 

</doc>
<doc id="20779174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779174" title="California Department of Personnel Administration">
California Department of Personnel Administration

The California Department of Personnel Administration (DPA) is one of the California agencies responsible for administration of the merit-based civil service employment system for California state agencies, the other being the California State Personnel Board. As of July 1, 2012 the DPA was incorporated into a new agency called California Department of Human Resources (CalHR). 
The DPA represents the Governor as the "employer" in all matters pertaining to California State personnel employer-employee relations. It's responsible for all issues related to salaries and benefits, job classifications, and training. For most employees, these matters are determined through the collective bargaining process.
It is authorized by the California Government Code §19815 through §19999.7 and §3512 through §3524 (otherwise known as the Ralph C. Dills Act), as well as the California Code of Regulations, Title 2, §599.600 through §599.995.
History.
DPA was created in 1981 through a Governor's reorganization act to administer those aspects of the State personnel system that had become subject to collective bargaining under the Ralph C. Dills Act. In 1984, another Governor's reorganization transferred responsibility for allocating State positions to the appropriate civil service classification from the State Personnel Board to DPA. (Prior to DPA's creation, SPB was the sole personnel agency in the executive branch.)

</doc>
<doc id="20779212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779212" title="Gladys Buchanan Unger">
Gladys Buchanan Unger

Gladys Buchanan Unger (September 16, 1884 or 1885 – May 25, 1940) was an American author who also lived in England, and who wrote screenplays for Broadway, plays for the London stage, and for Hollywood films.
Biography.
She was born either on September 16, 1884 or September 16, 1885 in San Francisco, the daughter of Frank Unger. She was the author of well over a dozen works for the London stage, Broadway and Hollywood. From the age of 3 she lived in England and was educated at South Hampstead. Her initial aim was to become an artist, but she turned to play writing. She was a protegee of Charles Tyson Yerkes, and had $5000 a year from him, enabling her to live in some style in Mayfair, London. There was speculation in the US press about the nature of the relationship between them (e.g. "The Oakland Tribune", 19 August 1904, quoting "The Wasp"). From about 1907 to 1914 she lived with her mother (critic Mrs Minnie Goodman) at Loughton in a house then called Hacienda, now Kilindini, Steeds Way, Loughton. In 1920 she married a dramatic collaborator, Kai K Ardaschir, in London. She returned to the USA intermittently and in the 1920s permanently, and died on May 25, 1940 at the Medical Arts Center in Manhattan at age 55.
She is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="20779219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779219" title="Striae distensae">
Striae distensae

Striae distensae are depressed lines or bands of thin reddened skin, which later become white, smooth, shiny, and depressed, occurring in response to changes in weight or muscle mass and skin tension. They are commonly referred to as stretch marks.
Treatment.
Fractional Photothermolysis can be used to treat Striae Distensae.

</doc>
<doc id="20779224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779224" title="Tucson Gila Monsters">
Tucson Gila Monsters

The Tucson Gila Monsters were a short-lived American professional minor league ice hockey team based in Tucson, Arizona. The team played throughout the 1997-98 season, but folded after 21 games during the 1998-99 season.
The Gila Monsters, named after the gila monster native to the southwestern United States, were a member team of the West Coast Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20779233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779233" title="Linear focal elastosis">
Linear focal elastosis

Linear focal elastosis (also known as "Elastotic striae") presents with asymptomatic, palpable or atrophic, yellow lines of the middle and lower back, thighs, arms and breasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20779257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779257" title="List of legislatures by number of members">
List of legislatures by number of members

This is a list of legislatures by size using the latest information available. Legislatures in "italic" are those of non-Sovereign states.

</doc>
<doc id="20779262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779262" title="WASA-LD">
WASA-LD

WASA-LD is a low-power television station officially licensed in Port Jervis, New York, but is technically serving the New York City market over UHF RF channel 25 (virtual channel 24). WASA is owned by Liberman Broadcasting, and broadcasts its digital signal from its transmitter on the Conde Nast Building in Manhattan.
WASA briefly used virtual channel 64 to match its former analog channel number, then later changed its virtual channel to 24. WNYE-TV, the former long-time analog occupant of channel 25 which selected RF channel 24 for its post-transition operations, already uses virtual channel 25. WASA, therefore, could not use virtual channel 25.
In April 2009 it was announced that Venture would sell this station to Liberman Broadcasting for $6 Million, making NYC the 6th market to be served by Liberman if the sale was approved by the Federal Communications Commission. The deal closed on March 1, 2010.
History: As W64AA.
This station was signed on over UHF channel 64 in the 1970s by its original owner MetroMedia as W64AA. It was one of multiple television broadcast translators in New York City which operated at the upper end of the UHF television band in order to provide reliable coverage to certain New York boroughs whose reception was ultimately compromised by construction of the World Trade Center. This translator station relayed WNEW-TV (now WNYW), which at the time operated over VHF channel 5.
Originally, most of the New York City television stations operated their main transmitters from the Empire State Building. However, reliable reception was ultimately compromised for some viewers once the majority of the World Trade Center was constructed, thus necessitating the use of the UHF translators. In response, nearly all of the TV stations, including WNEW-TV, relocated to the North Tower of the World Trade Center in 1975.
In 1982, UHF channels 70 through 83 were decommissioned for use as television stations, and the frequencies were reassigned for the Advanced Mobile Phone System (AMPS), an analog mobile phone system standard developed by Bell Labs which was officially introduced in the Americas in 1983. TV stations operating on these channels were either displaced to in-core broadcast channels, sold, or deleted, depending on the owners desired intentions.
While some of the stations, such as WPIX and WCBS-TV, continued broadcasting relay translators by moving to lower channels, WNEW-TV ultimately decide to shut down channel 64. The allocation remained inactive for eighteen years, until WPIX temporarily used channel 64 as a translator station following the September 11, 2001 attacks. Within a few weeks, WPIX service over channel 11 was fully restored. The channel 64 allocation was once again deleted by the end of 2001.
As W64CW and WASA LD.
Two years later, W64CW was signed on over UHF channel 64 on January 30, 2003 by Venture Technologies. It originally operated with 30 watts, and its transmitter was located at a site just west of "downtown" Port Jervis, at the triangle where New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania all come together. The call-sign was changed on January 12, 2007 to WASA-LP. The station had planned to carry Estrella TV in September 2008, but it was picked up instead by a subchannel of WPIX. WASA had a problem where it appeared their signal would go off air every few minutes and then turn back on, resulting in a tear-down pixelation visual effect; however, this problem no longer exists. It was ultimately corrected when the station dropped the NYC Slideshow video airing on Virtual 64.2 since its DTV inception in favor of two new sub-channels promoting a launch of English and Chinese feeds of ICN (Information Culture News) Channel. WASA airs a looping rotation of five half-hour infomercials running 24 hours a day on its primary channel. Technically, the five shows each interspersed with the legal station ID are recorded on one DVD and played on a Philips DVD player (whose screensaver is seen when the loop ends and is not restarted). The infomercials include the Nu-Wave Oven, TriVita Super B-12, Sweet Soul of the '70s, Montel William's Living Well Health Master Blender, and The H2O Ultra Steam Mop. This looping rotation was ceased in January 2011. The Philips Screensaver had been airing on 24-1 ever since. On April 22, 2011, the looping infomercial programming was restored.
Digital television.
As a low-power station, WASA-LP was not required to turn off its analog signal on June 12, 2009, which was the end of the digital TV conversion period for full-service stations. 
WASA-LP has since built its construction permit to broadcast on digital channel 25 from the Condé Nast Building in Manhattan, with its calls changed to WASA-LD.
The ICN (Information Culture News) Channel, a Chinese-American channel, was expected to commence broadcasting on 64.2 (English) and 64.3 (Chinese) in October 2010. That programming has launched on February 23, 2011.
As of February 23, 2011, ICN has been launched on 24-2. IAVC has also launched on 24-3. Between launch and 2/25/2011, a technical problem existed in which only the audio for this service aired on 24-3 with an EBU Test Pattern. This has since been corrected. WASA-LD is identifying itself as WASA 24-1 and 24-4, ICN 24-2 and IAVC 24-3 through PSIP. Presently, it is not clear which virtual channel ID they will eventually use. A loop promoting the start of Chinese programming on 64-2 and 64-3 had been running for several months.
April 22, 2011: The looping infomercial programming was restored to WASA 24-1 and 24-4. 24-2 is renamed ICNCH. 24-3 is renamed ICN TV.
The station's digital channel is multiplexed: 
References.
4. http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XXRWaRB9tHc
5. http://m.youtube.com/?reload=7&rdm=zrezq2uz#/watch?v=dXeISIe5UHM

</doc>
<doc id="20779266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779266" title="Sheffield incest case">
Sheffield incest case

The Sheffield incest case concerns the conviction in November 2008 in Sheffield Crown Court of a 54-year-old English businessman who, undetected over a period of 25 years, committed rape of his two daughters, fathering seven surviving children with them. Apparently unrepentant, he received 25 concurrent life sentences and must serve a minimum of fourteen and a half years in prison, having successfully appealed against the sentence: his original sentence of life with a minimum period of 19 years 6 months was ruled to be excessive. After this and a similar incest case in Swindon in 2003, independent inquiries were set up to examine the way in which the case was dealt with by local authorities, the medical profession and child help agencies. 
"British Fritzl".
The defendant in the case was referred to as the "British Fritzl", "The Gaffer", a name he called himself, or "Mr. X", due to a court order to protect his daughters and their seven surviving children, his name could not be revealed publicly. He was responsible for bringing about many pregnancies with his two daughters since the early 1980s until his arrest in 2008. Parallels were drawn between him and Josef Fritzl, the perpetrator of an Austrian incest case which came to light a few months previously. The defendant received 25 simultaneous life sentences and a minimum term of nineteen and a half years in prison, reduced to a minimum of fourteen and a half years on appeal.
Prolonged incestuous abuse.
The man continued the abuse by frequently relocating his family to keep them isolated, keeping them out of school when they had any visible injuries, and threatening them with violence. The children's mother had left some years before due to the violence she endured.
The sexual abuse began when the girls were eight and ten years old. He would call their names in the middle of the night, and even smear "fake blood" on their doors while they were sleeping. There was threatening behaviour used to enforce it including beatings, and their heads being pushed by the gas fire so they were scorched if they moved away. He threatened to kill both them and their children if they told anyone of the abuse. All the children said he dominated the family. To begin with, the attacks were every day, then frequently every two to three days, with the one daughter babysitting while the other was raped. He would even rape them while they were pregnant.
His two daughters had nineteen pregnancies between them, including five miscarriages, five terminations and two children dying soon after birth. Seven of their children survived. He was said to have 'taken pleasure' from the harm he was inflicting, and the fathering of the children, despite the difficult pregnancies and deaths. If they took contraceptive pills, he told them to stop it and they felt they had to obey.
The women's relationships with their current partners gave them the courage to come forward. Although the man at first denied the crimes, DNA testing confirmed that he was the father of the women's children. The women said his imprisonment gave them only the knowledge that he could not physically touch them again, the suffering he caused will continue for many years and they now have to concentrate on finding the strength to rebuild their lives.
Response of government and local authorities.
Gordon Brown, the Prime Minister at the time, responded to the concerns of MPs from Sheffield, including Nick Clegg the leader of the Liberal Democrats, and David Blunkett by saying he was "outraged at the unspeakable abuse", and any changes to the system that were needed would be made.
The case had gone undetected by social services agencies and schools or hospitals, despite the numerous pregnancies, and despite the girls at times having unexplained injuries. Schools put facial injuries of the girls down to bullying. The victims had hidden from hospitals that the children were fathered by their own father. The man had previously been faced with reports of the incestuous rape of his daughters in a police complaint filed by their brother, but no action was taken by the police, as they considered the brother's word to be hearsay evidence that would not hold up in court, and because the girls would not say anything, due to intimidation.
Family members reported their concerns to the authorities over two decades but nothing was done. Social workers say that because the father moved the family so often, what rare chance there was of someone disclosing incest was lessened by the girls not forming a close relationship with a teacher, other professional, or anyone else. They were known to social services in both Lincolnshire and South Yorkshire, but the abuse was not recognized. In 2008, the family doctor who failed to recognize or report the abuse was suspended by the General Medical Council.
The county council and police are to be investigated. The judge said although the phrase was overused, it is difficult to imagine a worse case; he had not seen a similar case in forty years of criminal law practice. No action had been taken, although there were obvious signs and agencies were suspicious, and that was why it was going to independent Serious Case Review. The review is to be conducted by professor Pat Cantrill.
Medical guidelines.
Doctors were said to have failed professional guidelines of the General Medical Council by not informing the authorities, and the handling of the case, together with the failure of institutions to share information with each other, breached recommendations following a review of another case of protracted incest four years before in Swindon. 
The family doctor who failed to recognise the signs had already been suspended by the GMC four years before, due to his falling below the minimum standard to the extent that he was exposing patients to risk. Before this doctor's suspension and subsequent departure from practice, the father would bring his daughters with the complications from their nineteen pregnancies and other injuries to him if they needed to see a doctor, even when they moved out of the area. The County Council's director of children's services said treatment of such cases was now handled differently from when the childhood abuse occurred.
Child protection.
The case coincided with several other cases in the United Kingdom which highlighted possible problems with the efficiency of child protection services. The whole country was said by Prime Minister Gordon Brown to be appalled at the crime and the many chances there may have been for the abuse — which continued for 28 years — to be stopped.
The father was said by his sister-in-law to have been motivated in part by wanting to keep for himself the money paid to him by the state in child support for the numerous children. There were said to have been 150 opportunities for authorities to notice what was happening. For several months the girls tried to pay their father to stop raping them by giving him £100 a month. They gave him whisky, hoping his drinking would lead to his death. They had called ChildLine, but were not reassured that their children would not be taken from them, which their father had said would happen, so they ended the call.

</doc>
<doc id="20779284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779284" title="Minuscule 124">
Minuscule 124

Minuscule 124 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1211 (Von Soden numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 188 thick parchment leaves (21.7 by 18.8 cm). Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels with only one lacunae (Luke 23:31-24:28). The text is written in two columns per page, 25-28 lines per page. The initial letters are written in red and blue.
It was corrected by the first hand.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers), and the harmony written at the bottom.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables at the beginning, lists of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, synaxaria, and Menologion.
According to the colophon, the Gospel of Matthew was written in Hebrew 8 years after the Lord's Ascension, that of Mark was written in Latin 10 years after the Ascension, Luke, in Greek, 15 years after, and John 32 years after.
Text.
The text of the Luke 22:43-44 is transferred to follow after Matthew 26:39. The pericope de adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is not placed in the Fourth Gospel, but after Luke 21:38.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Caesarean text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category III. It belongs to the textual family – Ferrar Group. According to the Claremont Profile Method it is a weak member of the Ferrar Family.
The manuscript was considered by Birch as the best of the Vienna codices.
History.
The manuscript was written in southern Calabria. According to Scrivener "the manuscript was written in Calabria, where it belonged to a certain Leo Leo "Hamartolos", and was brought to Vienna probably in 1564". The person responsible for bringing it to Vienna was Sambucus, the imperial librarian. It once belonged to Zacharias of Taranto.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Griesbach. It was examined by Treschow, Alter, Birch, Ferrar, Abbott, C. R. Gregory (1887), and Kirsopp & Silva Lake. Alter used it in his edition of the Greek text of the New Testament. It was collated by Ferrar. J. Rendel Harris found some affinities with the Old Syriac version.
Currently the codex is located at the Austrian National Library (Theol. Gr. 188) at Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20779338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779338" title="John Patrick">
John Patrick

John Patrick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20779373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779373" title="Salvia microphylla">
Salvia microphylla

Salvia microphylla (Baby sage, Graham's sage, Blackcurrant sage) is a perennial shrub found in the wild in southeastern Arizona and the mountains of eastern, western, and southern Mexico. It is a very complex species which easily hybridizes, resulting in numerous hybrids and cultivars brought into horticulture since the 1990s. The specific epithet "microphylla", from the Greek, means "small leaved". In Mexico, it is called "mirto de montes," or "myrtle of the mountains."
Description.
"Salvia microphylla" grows to tall and wide, blooming in its first year and growing to full size in its second year. The leaves are ovate shaped, of varying sizes, and smooth or lightly covered with hairs. When crushed, the leaves have a strong fragrance, which has been described as pleasant and mint-like, but also as similar to that of blackcurrants, leading to the use of "Blackcurrant Sage" as an English name for this species. It sometimes spreads underground, producing dense patches.
Along with its cultivars and hybrids, "S. microphylla" blooms heavily in late spring and again in autumn, with sporadic flowering year-round in mild conditions. The flowers are arranged in whorls, with a wide range of color: magenta, red, pink, and rose.
Taxonomy.
In the U.S. it is sometimes called "Graham's sage," as it was named "Salvia grahamii" by George Bentham. It was also named "Salvia neurepia" by Merritt Lyndon Fernald. Both these botanic names are considered invalid as they are later than "microphylla." 
There is also confusion between "Salvia microphylla" and "Salvia lemmonii", which was named by Asa Gray. Later, Gray began calling it "Salvia microphylla" var. "wislizeni", considering it to be a variety of "S. microphylla", though most taxonomies still consider "S. lemmonii" to be a unique species. "S. lemmonii" has leaves that are long, which are furry and sharp-pointed, along with flowers that are often vermilion or magenta, with the inflorescence shorter than that of "S. microphylla". var. "neurepia".
Cultivars and hybrids.
The cultivars 'Kew Red', 'Newby Hall', 'Pleasant View', and 'Pink Blush' have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Uses.
"Salvia microphylla" is grown in central Mexico as a medicinal plant, and used for making tea.

</doc>
<doc id="20779376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779376" title="Atlanta Marathon">
Atlanta Marathon

The Atlanta Marathon is an annual marathon held in Atlanta, Georgia, USA. 
The first running was in 1963 at the North Fulton Golf Corse, making it the oldest in the Southeast. The following year, the Atlanta Track Club was formed, and has run the event every year since. In 1966, Tim Singleton became director, and later founded the Peachtree Road Race. Fred Lebow ran in the marathon in the late 1960s, and later founded the New York Marathon in 1970. It was held on Thanksgiving from 1981 to 2009 and was believed to be the longest of several Turkey Trots held on Thanksgiving across the country. 
In 2011 the race moved dates again, away from Thanksgiving, and changed the course to be a loop course.
Route.
From 1964 until 1980, the race had its beginning, middle, and end at the The Westminster Schools campus, twice running a loop up Nancy Creek Road. 
Originally run on the weekend before Christmas, it was changed in the mid-1970s to be after the holiday. This was done in conjunction with the Peach Bowl, a bowl game held every year around New Year's Day, and it was renamed the Peach Bowl Marathon.
In 1981 the race was moved to downtown Atlanta, and the date changed to Thanksgiving in late November. This move doubled participation in the race, renamed back as the Atlanta Marathon. In 1981 and 1982 it ended in Decatur. 
From 1983 to 1991, the marathon began in the suburban metro Atlanta town of Lithonia and going east through Stone Mountain, with the half-marathon beginning at the halfway point in Clarkston, and both ending in Atlanta's Piedmont Park after traversing Decatur, and the Atlanta neighborhoods of Inman Park and Virginia-Highland. This route was along the CSX railroad tracks, thus it was much less hilly than previous routes. On one occasion the race was held for a train, on another the train was held for the race.
From 1992 to 1996, it began and ended near Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, running north on Piedmont Road (Georgia 237) to Peachtree Street, where it headed north and then back south. The start of the half-marathon was near the Chamblee MARTA subway station.
From 1997 to 2009, about 90% was run along the same course used for the 1996 Summer Olympics, ending near Turner Field (built as Centennial Olympic Stadium in the A-FC stadium parking lot). The current loop course, takes in many major sites within Atlanta, including the Olympic rings.

</doc>
<doc id="20779379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779379" title="It Might Be You (TV series)">
It Might Be You (TV series)

It Might Be You is a Filipino drama series produced and aired by ABS-CBN. The series revolves around Lawrence (John Lloyd Cruz) and Cielo (Bea Alonzo), who've known each other since they were little and fell in love. The series ran from December 8, 2003 until December 10, 2004.
Premise.
In a small town of Montegracia, politics was in disarray, but amidst the stifling competition for power, a special friendship blossomed between the mayor’s son, Lawrence Trinidad and an impoverished orphan, Cielo San Carlos.
Though diverse in social backgrounds, this pair of free spirits prove that anyone can be bound in friendship. But their friendship grows into an unlikely romance; Lawrence and Cielo realize that love is not all roses and moonlight, especially when they discover harrowing realities about their families and a dark past. As they take each other’s hands in a journey through their complex lives, Lawrence and Cielo hold fast their promise of incessant love though in their hearts lay the uncertainty of their destiny.

</doc>
<doc id="20779394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779394" title="Immaculate Conception Ukrainian Catholic Schools">
Immaculate Conception Ukrainian Catholic Schools

The Immaculate Conception Ukrainian Catholic Schools are located in Warren, Michigan. They are considered central to the Ukrainian community in the metropolitan Detroit area.
The Immaculate Conception Ukrainian Catholic Schools are private, co-educational schools with a preschool, elementary and academy. The schools are under the special patronage of Our Lady, the Blessed Virgin, in Her particular privilege of the Immaculate Conception. They are directed by the religious order of St. Basil the Great and sponsored by the Immaculate Conception and St. Josaphat Ukrainian Catholic parishes.
Athletics.
IC Schools participate in athletic competition from grades 3 through 8. Image There are both co-ed and boys and girls teams participating in soccer, baseball, basketball and volleyball. IC Schools belong to the Archdiocese of Detroit Catholic Youth Organization (CYO), Class CD league. Students in kindergarten through the 3rd grade have the option of participating in the USC Sport Club teams.
The IC Bengal Boosters Club (ICBB) supports the athletic program at Immaculate Conception Catholic School.

</doc>
<doc id="20779413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779413" title="Mike Kahn">
Mike Kahn

Michael Alan Kahn (June 5, 1954 – December 17, 2008) was a sports journalist, best known for his contributions, via what is now CBS Sportsline, to the beginnings of internet sports journalism.
Mike Kahn most notably started his journalistic career in Jefferson City, covering high school sports, but swiftly moved up the ranks. He soon landed a job at the Tacoma News Tribune, where he joined John Clayton and Bart Wright to create a nationally renowned sports page.
In the late '90s, Kahn moved to Florida to become one of the founders of Sportsline.com, one of the first independent sports webpages. Sportsline was eventually bought out by Viacom in 2004, which led to layoffs of many workers, including Mike. Michael then joined the Seattle Seahawks as their staff writer, until his death in 2008 from complications with lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20779432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779432" title="Grower Champagne">
Grower Champagne

Grower Champagnes are sparkling wines made in the Champagne region of France that are produced by the same estate that owns the vineyards from which the grapes come. While large Champagne houses, such as Mumm, may use grapes sourced from as many as 80 different vineyards, Grower Champagnes tend to be more "terroir" focused, being sourced from single or closely located vineyards around a village. Today there are over 19,000 independent growers in the Champagne region, accounting for nearly 88% of all vineyard land in the region. Around 5000 of these growers produce wine from their own grapes. A Grower Champagne can be identified by the initials RM (meaning "Récoltant-Manipulant") on the wine label.
Wine styles.
Grower Champagnes have been described as "artisanal winemaking" with "terroir" being at the forefront for each wine, rather than an emphasis on a consistent "house style" that can be made year after year. While large Champagne houses, such as Moët et Chandon may source grapes from the entire Champagne region, the vineyards owned by a Grower Champagne maker are generally clustered around a single village. Some growers will craft their wine to reflect the "terroir" of that village, especially if they own vineyards in one of Champagne's Grand crus. Grower Champagnes are often released younger than their large house counterparts due, in part, to the greater financial resources that would be needed for long term aging and storage. Many also show a lower dosage, and occasionally no dosage at all, than most negociant manipulant bottlings.
Sales market.
The popularity of Grower Champagne is a relatively recent phenomenon. Since the 18th century, Champagne houses have dominated the business dynamic in the region. These private houses or "negociants" would buy grapes from the owners of several vineyards to blend and make Champagne. As of 2003, there were over 3,700 brands of Grower Champagnes available for purchase within France but only around 130 brands in the United States. As of 2008, these wines accounted for less than 3% of Champagne market, with that market growing as the wines continue to increase in popularity. Distributors and wine retailers tend to tout the comparative value and lower cost of Grower Champagnes versus the wines of larger Champagne houses, due to the larger Champagne houses' costs of mass market advertising. The smaller Growers leave it up to the importer and wine retailer to market their wines.
Criticisms.
A common criticism of Grower Champagnes is the potential for variable quality, especially from vintage to vintage. While the larger Champagne houses and "negociants" have the flexibility to buy grapes from all over the Champagne region, Grower Champagne makers are limited to only their vineyard holdings. Conversely, advocates of Grower Champagnes say that the blending of many "terroirs" by the larger houses makes those wines "underflavored" and non-distinctive.
Vineyard lands.
Today there are over 19,000 independent growers in the Champagne region, accounting for nearly 88% of all vineyard land in the region. Around 5000 of these growers produce wine from their own grapes. The larger Champagne houses have holdings in only 12% of the region's vineyards, making it a necessity for them to buy grapes from independent growers. Under current "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) regulations, there are strict limitations on planting. Some growers are seeing an economic advantage in making wine from their own grapes, especially if they have land in one of Champagne's Grand cru villages, rather than selling them to the larger houses where they become part of a generic blend.
Identifying Grower Champagnes.
Grower Champagnes can be identified by the initials that appear before a number on the wine label. The initials most commonly associated with Grower Champagnes is RM (meaning "Récoltant-Manipulant") but there are other initials that may appear on the label. 
Other initials:

</doc>
<doc id="20779450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779450" title="John Canny">
John Canny

John F. Canny (1953) is an Australian computer scientist, and "Paul and Stacy Jacobs Distinguished Professor of Engineering" in the Computer Science Department of the University of California, Berkeley. He has made significant contributions in various areas of computer science and mathematics including artificial intelligence, robotics, computer graphics, human-computer interaction, computer security, computational algebra, and computational geometry.
Biography.
John Canny received his B.Sc. in Computer Science and Theoretical Physics from the University of Adelaide in South Australia, 1979, a B.E. (Hons) in Electrical Engineering, University of Adelaide, 1980, a M.S. and Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 1983 and 1987, respectively.
In 1987 he joined the faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at UC Berkeley.
In 1987 he received the Machtey Award and the ACM Doctoral Dissertation Award. In 1999 he was the co-chair of the Annual Symposium on Computational Geometry. In 2002 the American Association for Artificial Intelligence Classic Paper Award for the most influential paper from the 1983 National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. As the author of "A Variational Approach to Edge Detection" and the creator of the widely used Canny edge detector, he was honored for seminal contributions in the areas of robotics and machine perception.
Publications.
Canny has published several books, papers and articles. A selection:

</doc>
<doc id="20779471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779471" title="Cristina Lopes">
Cristina Lopes

Cristina Videira Lopes is a Professor of Informatics and Computer Science at University of California, Irvine.
Prior to being a professor, she was a Research Scientist at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center. While at PARC, She was most known as a founder of the group that developed Aspect-Oriented Programming (AOP) and started aspectj.org. More recently, she has been working in ubiquitous computing, with a focus in communication mechanisms that are pervasive, secure and intuitive for humans to perceive and interact with.

</doc>
<doc id="20779473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779473" title="Cautor">
Cautor

Cautor is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Triphoridae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Cautor" are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20779481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779481" title="Tracey Forbes">
Tracey Forbes

Tracey Forbes is a Canadian television writer and producer. She has worked on numerous Canadian and American television shows including "Flashpoint", "The Bridge", "" and "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". In 2012/2013, she co-created, wrote and executive produced the TV drama series "Cracked" on CBC in Canada.
Forbes also wrote the made for TV movie "Booky's Crush" in 2009, based on the Booky novels by Bernice Thurman Hunter, and "Girlfriend in a Coma" based on Douglas Coupland's novel.

</doc>
<doc id="20779487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779487" title="Unpredictable">
Unpredictable

Unpredictable may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20779503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779503" title="Abbott-Holloway Farm">
Abbott-Holloway Farm

The Abbott-Holloway Farm contains a couple of the few early structures still standing in Bethlehem, Indiana, located in the extreme northeast section of Clark County, Indiana. It overlooks the Ohio River.
The land comprising the Abbott-Holloway Farm was first owned by Jonathan Clark, one of the early founders of Bethlehem in 1812. The primary building on the lot is believed to have been built in 1830 by Asa Abbott; records destroyed by the Ohio River flood of 1937 makes the exact date unknowable. When first built it was used as a store and post office, as Abbott was the postmaster for the town. Abbott is also believed to be the builder of the farm that also still stands. Due to fires and tornados, these buildings are among the few buildings before 1840 still standing in Bethlehem since before 1840; only two other houses still stand from the time.
After Abbott died in 1873, control of the town went to his widowed daughter Athenatia (Abbott) Ross. With her 1885 marriage to Missouri man Fleming Holloway, they and his children moved to the farm. During their time of ownership several more barns were placed on the property, but most of those structures were destroyed in a tornado during the 20th century. Upon Athenatia's 1899 death, Fleming gave up the house to his son Barnes Holloway, and moved to a smaller house on the property. In 1939 the farm was sold to Ira Church. Its modern owners acquired it in 1988 and turned it into a bed and breakfast.
The structures of the property include a main house, two sheds, and a privy. The main house is Federal two-story double-pile brick house with a one-story extension. It features a central passage, twin end chimneys, and side gable roof. Many of its doors are paneled wood with limestone lintels. The house was named in 1992 by the Historic Landmarks Foundation of Indiana among the ten most significant buildings in Clark County. The barn on the property is of a tranverse-frame timber construction that has been converted for guest housing.
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994, two years after its HLFI designation and one year after the local historical preservation group, the Historic Bethlehem Inc., was founded.

</doc>
<doc id="20779508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779508" title="Shoghi">
Shoghi

Shoghi is a small suburb of Shimla, Himachal Pradesh, India. It is about 13 kilometers before Shimla on the Ambala Shimla national highway. The road to the Taradevi temple (hilltop) goes from here which is about 5 km. Shoghi is also famous for bus halts for food as there are many dhabas (local name for food outlets) here. Housing board has also constructed many flats here.
Nestled in the quaint, lush, green hills of Himachal Pradesh just 13 kilometers short of Shimla, captivating building blocks of pinks and yellows with sloping tin roofs add a touch of natural grandeur to the picturesque surroundings.
As you veer off the national highway towards the blocks, you realise you are entering the Housing Board Colony at Shoghi.
The colony was set up in the cozy hamlet of Shoghi in early 2001 by HIMUDA for meeting the housing needs of so many people. Not only accessible, the colony is far from the madding crowd situated on a knoll overlooking hills rising one after another to meet the insurmountable skies from a deep vale just across the road. You can go to Shoghi, and back to nature, without running into traffic jams, a characteristic of Shimla.
But over the years, the colony has lost most of its charm. The metalled road gives way to streets of cobbled stones, as your huffing and panting car wheezes its way up the hillock towards the rising blocks of flats.
Look down the slopes, along the colony streets, and you find the greenery suffocating under the thick layers of rubbish. Carelessly tossed wrappers of potato chips, aluminum foils and empty soda bottles not only narrate the tales of not-so-quiet evenings enjoyed with drinks, but also of sheer disrespect for the nature and inability of the authorities to prevent the littering. The housing board society is now making attempts to clean up the mess, but the dirty picture’s end is nowhere in sight.
It doesn’t take you much time to realise that the colony has been left to fend for itself otherwise also. The concrete road signs, spelling out the location of the blocks, too seem to have crooked under their own weight. 
Security too is an issue. The colony precincts have not been demarcated; and in the absence of fencing, it’s free for all. Water meters are stolen, and the open spaces in the campus have metamorphosised themselves into free public parking lots for the “outsiders”.
Other than this Shoghi has a small adventure hamlet at summer breeze near hanuman temple above railway line where Mr. Ravinder Singh Thakur an experienced mountaineer along with his elder son Shubh Ranjan Thakur are running Shimla Adventure and trekkers hamlet with adventure activities like rock- climbing,trekking, hiking,nature walks and for their love for mountains. 
Though by now Shubh Ranjan Thakur who was also working as adventure activity manager in AAAMOD resorts at Shoghi, an experienced mountaineer, met with a fatal accident on 10 October 2011 but his Shimla adventure is now ranjan's Shimla adventure and trekkers hamlet offering all adventure activities by senior thakurji and a home stay worth visiting in case one loves mountain and nature.
Shoghi offers a beautiful option for a stay near Shimla with lots of nature activities.
http://www.tribuneindia.com/2012/20121017/himplus.htm#2

</doc>
<doc id="20779511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779511" title="Takafumi Yoshimoto">
Takafumi Yoshimoto


</doc>
<doc id="20779522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779522" title="Kudkelli">
Kudkelli

Kudkelli is a village in Bhamragad Taluka, Gadchiroli district, Maharashtra, India.
Geography.
Kudkelli is village located in Dandakaranya the jungle of punishment which is mentioned in the great epic like Ramayana & Mahabharata. This village is surrounded by river called Bhandiya. The native known as Madiya by profession they are hunter turned out farmers. Every person in village has his own farm and the main food grain is rice they produce in. 
Ethnicity.
The village is known as the village of MADIYA tribes and the VELADI (Atram) are the main clan of this village. The language of native people is Madiya but in around 18th century those Telugu people landed in the jungle for the purpose business. as they found the scope in the jungle some of the telugu businessmen settled over their and now they also the part of this jungle as well as community. 
Education.
This is the village which had produced most educated people in the jungle. rather the first graduate from the jungle is from Kudkelli. Apart from that Kudkelli has produced a great Marathi author name M.D. Ramteke who has written books like "Amhi Madiya" and "Stupanchi Mandire" 

</doc>
<doc id="20779530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779530" title="Yōsuke Nakata">
Yōsuke Nakata


</doc>
<doc id="20779539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779539" title="East Timor and Indonesia Action Network">
East Timor and Indonesia Action Network

The East Timor and Indonesia Action Network (ETAN) is a nonprofit US organization supporting human rights throughout Southeast Asia and Oceania. ETAN was founded in 1991 to support the right to self-determination of Timor-Leste. In 2001, that goal was significantly realized when the people of East Timor voted for independence. Since then ETAN has focused on building on its success in support of justice and self-determination in Timor-Leste and the surrounding region.
Profile.
The human rights organization ETAN has a 20-year record of successful advocacy for the people of Timor-Leste and Indonesia.
From the ETAN website: "The East Timor and Indonesia Action Network (ETAN) was founded in November 1991 to support genuine self-determination and human rights for the people of East Timor in accordance with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the 1960 United Nations General Assembly Resolution on Decolonization, and Security Council and General Assembly resolutions on East Timor."
History of Timor.
Colonial Timor.
A small country in Southeast Asia, comprising the eastern half of the island of Timor, the nearby islands of Atauro and Jaco, the country of Timor has a history marked not only by the colonization common to Southeast Asia, but repeated violence against democratic and independence movements.
Trade with Portugal began in the early 16th century. Timor's colonial history lasted over 400 years, from the Portuguese colonization of the mid-16th century, to 1975 - Imperial Japan having briefly occupied East Timor from 1942 to 1945. East Timor declared itself independent from Portugal on 28 November 1975.
Indonesian invasion and occupation.
Nine days after the 1975 declaration of independence, East Timor was invaded and occupied by Indonesian forces and incorporated into Indonesia. The subsequent occupation (1974–1999) saw an estimated 102,800 conflict-related deaths (approximately 18,600 killings and 84,200 'excess' deaths from hunger and illness).
On 30 August 1999, in a UN-sponsored referendum, East Timor voted, by an overwhelming majority, for independence from Indonesia. Again, immediately following a vote for independence, violence was used to quash the democratic process of independence. Militias organised and supported by the Indonesian military commenced a scorched-earth campaign, killing approximately 1,400 Timorese and displacing 300,000 people to West Timor, and destroying the country's infrastructure. The International Force for East Timor (INTERFET) was deployed to the country and brought the violence to an end. The United Nations took over administration for a transition period, establishing the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to investigate events of the occupation period. East Timor was internationally recognised as an independent state in 2002.
Whereas Indonesia invaded East Timor by force, another form of occupation was bequeathed to Indonesia by the borders established by occupying imperial forces when they left Papua New Guinea. It remains split into the western provinces, Papua and West Papua, occupied by Indonesia and recognized by the world community as part of Indonesia, and Papua New Guinea 'proper'. Timor thus has resistance to Indonesian occupation in common with New Guinea.
Dili Massacre.
A crowd of several thousand on its way from a memorial service to a nearby graveyard was attacked by 200 soldiers, killing over 250 funeral goers, in what was later called the Dili Massacre, or Santa Cruz massacre, on 12 November 1991. Although it was only one of many incidents of violence committed by the Indonesian military, and one of four mass killings - the other three being at Quelicai, Lacluta, and Kraras - its scale, timing, and press coverage made it a rallying cry for the independence movement and created supporters abroad. It politicized many, and galvanized pro-independence East Timorese. A burgeoning East Timor solidarity movement grew in Portugal, Australia, and the United States. US ties with Indonesia were cut in 1991 and further in 1999, and not restored until 2005.
Formation of ETAN.
"ETAN was founded following the November 12 Santa Cruz massacre of more than 270 peaceful protestors in a cemetery in Dili, Timor-Leste. The few western reporters present exposed the brutality of the occupying Indonesian military. ETAN was founded to support Timor-Leste’s right to self-determination and to end U.S. military and political support for the illegal occupation." - ETAN website
Activism work.
ETAN has co-produced the "West Papua Report" with the West Papua Advocacy Team (WPAT)since November 2007.
In spring of 2007, East Timor held its first national elections since independence; civic groups in East Timor, seeking help in monitoring the election process, requested aid from ETAN, which formed the Solidarity Observer Mission for East Timor (SOMET)Observer Project in response.
Political positions.
ETAN has actively supported independence from Indonesia, for the western provinces of New Guinea, since 2007.
The 2005 bilateral Indonesia – Timor Leste Commission of Truth and Friendship, sponsored by the UN, in 2008 released its findings on what it called Indonesia's "organized campaign of violence" and "gross human rights violations in the form of crimes against humanity." ETAN welcomed Indonesian president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's acknowledgement of the facts uncovered by the commission, but pointed out that there have been no repercussions for any Indonesian officials to redress what the commission called "institutional responsibility".
ETAN opposed president-elect Obama's proposed appointment of Admiral Dennis C. Blair for Director of National Intelligence, saying "His actions demonstrate the failure of engagement to temper the Indonesian military’s behavior and his actions helped to reinforce impunity for senior Indonesian officials that continues to this day" Blair met with General Wiranto in Jakarta in April 1999, less than a week after displaced people taking refuge in a church were killed with machetes by militia members backed by the Indonesian military.
ETAN addresses a wide range of concerns, including US policy in the Southeast Asia / Oceania region, oil and gas exploitation, reparations and accountability for past and present human rights violations. It supports the rights of the West Papuan people and the independence of West Papua from Indonesia.
ETAN is opposed to the oil and gas deal: Treaty on Certain Maritime Arrangements in the Timor Sea (CMATS), in the Greater Sunrise area. US national coordinator for ETAN John Miller wrote the Australian government, saying "Australia has put its own and some oil companies’ short-term financial interests over fundamental principles of democracy, the rule of law, economic justice, and respect for
national sovereignty.", although he also extended an olive branch by saying "It is true that under CMATS, Timor-Leste will receive a greater share of its resources than...(under)...the International Unitization Agreement."
ETAN eschews slogans. Its original mission was achieved in 2001, and much remains to be achieved in its current scope; its homepage is dedicated to the most recent issues affecting the southeast Asian area or the occasional endorsement from political leaders.
Order of Timor.
In May 2012, the 10th anniversary of Timor-Leste's independence, ETAN was awarded the government of Timor-Leste highest honor, the Order of Timor-Leste (Ordem de Timor-Leste), for its work in support of the liberation of the country.
Campaigning.
ETAN is a non-profit organization which receives donations from the public. Based in the United States, its supporters campaign worldwide. 

</doc>
<doc id="20779543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779543" title="S.T.F.A. Lee Shau Kee College">
S.T.F.A. Lee Shau Kee College

S.T.F.A. Lee Shau Kee College (name in the CLP substation inside the school: "Lee Zao Kai College") is located in 303 Kwai Shing Circuit, Kwai Ching, N.T., Hong Kong. It is managed by Shun Tak Fraternal Association.
History.
It was originally an orphanage, namely Lee Ching Yee Child-care Center. Later, sponsored by the honourable Dr. Lee Shau Kee GBM, the center was given enough funds to be transformed into a full-time school, setting the foundation of the later named S.T.F.A. Lee Shau Kee College. It was founded in 1978.
Student Union.
The current School Union is the WATCH, leading by NGAN Lit-Fung (顏烈封).
Founder.
Dr. Lee Shau Kee GBM (Chinese: 李兆基; pinyin: Lǐ Zhàojī, born January 29, 1928 in Shunde, Guangdong) is a property developer and majority owner of Henderson Land Development (HKSE:0012), a property conglomerate with interests in properties, hotels, town gas and internet services. He is currently the second wealthiest person in Hong Kong and Greater China Region, just after Li Ka Shing.

</doc>
<doc id="20779545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779545" title="The Church of Christ in China Ming Yin College">
The Church of Christ in China Ming Yin College

The Church of Christ in China Ming Yin College is an aided Christian co-educational secondary school in Kowloon, Hong Kong.
History.
The Church of Christ in China Ming Yin College was established in 1966. It is an aided Christian co-educational secondary school and is located on a 3,300 sq. m. campus, which is considerably small for a secondary school.
Extracurricular activities.
There are altogether 39 societies and uniform groups which provide diversified extra-curricular activities to students. Local and overseas visits, trips and study tours are organized to broaden students' horizons, sadly not all students are able to afford, because most students come from lower-class families, many of the parents are Chinese mainland immigrants.

</doc>
<doc id="20779552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779552" title="Montgomery-Ward bridge">
Montgomery-Ward bridge

In jazz music, the Montgomery-Ward bridge is a standard chord progression often used as the bridge, or 'B section,' of a jazz standard. The progression consists, in its most basic form, of the chords I7 - IV7 - ii7 - V7. Often, some or all of the dominants are substituted with ii-V progressions or otherwise altered. This is used in such standards as "The Sunny Side of the Street", "When You're Smiling", "Satin Doll", and "Honeysuckle Rose".
Eight bars:

</doc>
<doc id="20779554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779554" title="Porcupine Hills">
Porcupine Hills

The Porcupine Hills refer to geographical features located in the prairie provinces of Canada.
Manitoba-Saskatchewan.
A feature known as the Porcupine Hills is located in the Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba. They are part of the Manitoba Escarpment, which was the shoreline of the glacial Lake Agassiz. They are located northwest of Swan River, Manitoba, and are the headwaters of the Swan River. The highest elevation in the Porcupine Hills is Hart Mountain, at an elevation of 823m, Manitoba's second highest point. Porcupine Provincial Forest surrounds the area.
Alberta.
There is also a geographical feature known as the Porcupine Hills in southern Alberta. The area gets its name from the Douglas-fir and pine trees that populate the crests of the hills. The region includes montane and subalpine forest, aspen parkland and prairie grassland.

</doc>
<doc id="20779562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779562" title="Allapalli">
Allapalli

Allapalli is a village located in the Gadchiroli district of Maharashtra, India. This is the central point for travel access to all five talukas of the Southern Gadchiroli District.
Geography.
Allapalli is located at 19°25'12"N 80°4'11"E. It has an average elevation of 120 meters (396 feet).
Allapalli Forest.
Allapalli is very famous for the forest. The Allapalli forests are the source of the world famous Teak wood (tectona grandis). The 'Glory of Allapalli' which represents the surviving patch of the original forests before they were brought under scientific management more than a 100 years ago, is famous as a living museum of the forest ecology. It is located 7 km. from Allapalli on the Permili-Bhamaragadh road. 2 divisional offices of the Forest Department are placed in Allapalli.
People.
Allapalli is typically Gondwana's village, but now, several people have moved there for education, business and life purposes.
Economy.
Allapalli's revenue generate in different forms like it has a good market line, people are employees in many offices.
Allapalli comes alive on Sunday, the traditional market day also known as Allapalli Sunday Market. People from surrounding villages and towns come to Allapalli to sell their wares. This fairs has a lot of local flavour and specialises in agricultural produce, vegetables, locally-grown fruit, spices, clothes and even plants.
Education.
Also Allapalli is specially known as " Town of Study ", where several public as well as private schools provides education in English, Hindi & Marathi languages. Allapalli does have junior as well as senior colleges, where students can get PG degree. I.T.I. is also available in Allapalli which provides technical knowledge and so many people who were the students of I.T.I. are working as technical executive in different MNC's in all over India.
Transport.
Allapalli is connected by the State Road Transport services to Gadchiroli, Chandrapur, Nagpur, Gondia, Sironcha etc. Several options are available to reach Allapalli like, Public as well as Private Transport.

</doc>
<doc id="20779563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779563" title="Kunihiko Takizawa">
Kunihiko Takizawa


</doc>
<doc id="20779594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779594" title="Taro Hasegawa">
Taro Hasegawa


</doc>
<doc id="20779603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779603" title="Teretriphora">
Teretriphora

Teretriphora is a genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Triphoridae. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Teretriphora" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20779608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779608" title="Battle of Castalla">
Battle of Castalla

In the Battle of Castalla on 13 April 1813, an Anglo-Spanish-Sicilian force commanded by Lieutenant General John Murray, 8th Baronet fought Marshal Louis Gabriel Suchet's French Army of Valencia and Aragon. Murray's troops successfully repelled a series of French attacks on their hilltop position, causing Suchet to retreat. The action took place during the Peninsular War, part of the Napoleonic Wars. Castalla is located 35 kilometers north-northwest of Alicante, Spain. 
General Arthur Wellesley, Marquess of Wellington wanted to prevent Suchet from reinforcing the other French armies in Spain. He ordered, Murray, whose army had been built up to over 18,000 Allied troops, to accomplish this purpose. Murray's maneuvers were ineffective and prompted Suchet to lash out at his force. The French marshal fell upon a nearby Spanish force, beating it with heavy losses. Suchet then focused on crushing Murray. One of the British brigadiers, Frederick Adam conducted a splendid rear guard action on 12 April, allowing Murray to draw up his army in a formidable defensive position near Castalla. On the 13th, Suchet's frontal attacks were repulsed with heavy losses by British troops under Adam and John Mackenzie and by Spanish troops led by Samuel Ford Whittingham. The French withdrew and Murray did not follow up his victory. 
Background.
Alone among Napoleon's marshals, Suchet won his baton by his victories in Spain. However, he avoided cooperating with his fellow French commanders and acted as though the provinces of Aragon and Valencia were his private kingdom. Even so, General Arthur Wellesley, Marquess Wellington knew that if Suchet's forces intervened in the battles in central and northern Spain, things might go badly for the British army. So Wellington requested that amphibious operations be directed against the east coast of Spain in order to keep Suchet's men occupied. 
Since the summer of 1812, an 8,000-strong Anglo-Sicilian force, joined by about 6,000 Spanish troops from Minorca, occupied the port of Alicante on the east coast of Spain. The army frequently changed generals but did nothing to contribute to the Anglo-Allied war effort. In February 1813, Murray was appointed to command the reinforced 18,000-man force. 
Prelude.
In early April, after making some indecisive maneuvers, Murray posted his small army at Villena, northwest of Alicante. Meanwhile, Suchet decided to surprise the British general and his Spanish allies. The French marshal split his force into two columns, sending one column under General of Division Jean Isidore Harispe to attack a Spanish force at Yecla. A second column under Suchet's personal command marched against Murray at Villena.
On 11 April 1813, Harispe fell upon General Mijares and his 3,000 Murcians at Yecla. In a surprise attack led by the 4th Hussar and 24th Dragoon Regiments, the Spanish troops were routed, losing 400 killed and 1,000 prisoners. Two infantry battalions were virtually annihilated. The French admitted losses of 18 killed and 61 wounded.
Murray heard about the disaster by noon that day. He immediately beat a retreat toward Alicante, dropping off a 2,200-man all-arms brigade under Colonel Frederick Adam at the pass of Biar to cover his withdrawal. On the morning of 12 April, Suchet captured a Spanish battalion at Villena and set out in pursuit of Murray. At Biar, the French came up with Adam's rearguard but were unable to overrun the well-handled force, which consisted of British, King's German Legion, Italian and Spanish elements. In a brilliant five-hour action, Adam successfully fended off his French pursuers, allowing Murray to concentrate his army at Castalla. In one incident, Suchet's cavalry raced after their enemies after flushing the Allied soldiers from Biar. But this attempt to turn a retreat into a rout failed when the French troopers charged into a neatly executed ambush by three companies of the 2/27th Foot. During the action, the French suffered about 300 casualties and Adam lost 260 killed and wounded plus 41 missing. The British colonel was forced to abandon two of his four cannons. 
Battle.
Murray's army consisted of 18,716 men organized into an advanced guard, two Anglo-Italian divisions, two Spanish divisions, cavalry, and artillery. Adam's advanced guard consisted of 1,179 men in three battalions and various detachments. Lieutenant General William Henry Clinton's 1st Division numbered 4,036 men in five battalions. General John Mackenzie's counted 4,045 soldiers in five battalions. Colonel Samuel Ford Whittingham's 1st Spanish Division had 3,901 troops in six battalions, while General Phillip Roche's 2nd Spanish Division included 4,019 men in five battalions. There were 1,036 cavalry troopers in nine squadrons and 30 guns manned by about 500 artillerists. 
The strong Castalla position consisted of a castle-topped ridge that overlooked a deep stream bed. A spur projecting forward from the ridge tended to split any attack on the position. Further, a flooded stream protected the right of the Anglo-Allied line. Murray put Whittingham's Spanish division in a fortified position on the left flank. Adam's brigade held the left-center and Mackenzie's division held the right-center. The British commander posted Clinton's division on the right flank. Part of General Roche's division was placed in front of Clinton, supporting a cavalry screen. The remainder of Roche's men and the rest of the cavalry were positioned behind Castalla castle in reserve. 
Suchet had one cavalry and three infantry divisions available. General of Division André Joseph Boussart commanded 1,424 horsemen in eight squadrons. In the absence of General of Division Louis Francois Felix Musnier, General of Brigade Louis Benoit Robert led the 1st Division's 5,084 men in eight battalions. Harispe's 2nd Division counted 4,052 troops in six battalions, while General of Division Pierre-Joseph Habert's 3rd Division included 2,722 soldiers in four battalions. The French had 282 gunners manning 24 artillery pieces. 
Suchet planned to send Robert and Habert with their divisions at the center of Murray's line. Meanwhile, five "voltigeur" (light) companies would threaten the extreme Anglo-Allied left flank and Boussart's cavalry would envelop the enemy right flank. Harispe's division was kept in reserve. The French expected that a hard blow would send the Spanish and Italian infantry fleeing. Before the action commenced, Murray ordered Whittingham to shift his division west in order to overlap the French right flank. Accordingly, Whittingham began to carry out his instructions by putting his troops in motion and opening up a gap in the center. 
At noon on 13 April, the French troops surged forward. Robert's attack was carried out in five columns. On his own initiative, Whittingham ignored his orders and moved his division back to its original position. He detached one battalion to deal with the "voltiguers". Robert's three right-hand columns, together with the skirmishers, were repulsed by Whittingham's steady Spaniards. The two left-most columns came up against Adam and were likewise hurled back. In a short, close-range musketry duel, Adam's 2/27th Foot, deployed in line, inflicted 369 casualties on the 121st Line's attack column. Habert's advance was blocked by Mackenzie and Boussart's cavalrymen were unable to cross the flooded stream. 
With his infantry defeated, his cavalry off to one flank and his men outnumbered, Suchet found himself in a difficult spot. Murray proved slow to take advantage of his success, however, and the French were able to retreat almost unmolested. Suchet's rearguard ably defended the pass of Biar and allowed the French to get away with little additional loss.
Results.
The Anglo-Allied force lost 440 casualties. Whittingham's men suffered 233 casualties, Adam lost 70 and Mackenzie lost 47. Suchet admitted 800 casualties at Yecla, Biar and Castalla, but this is probably too low. Murray claimed to have inflicted 2,500 losses on his enemies. A more likely figure is 1,300 French casualties at Castalla. Murray failed to benefit from his victory when he continued his retreat to Alicante. The next action in the theater was the Siege of Tarragona. 
Orders of Battle.
Allied Order of Battle.
Murray's army counted 17,080 infantry, 1,036 cavalry, and 30 guns. It consisted of two Anglo-Italian and two Spanish infantry divisions, plus Adam's brigade. The army was organized as follows.
French Order of Battle.
Suchet's force numbered 11,848 infantry, 1,424 cavalry, and 24 artillery pieces. The Army of Aragon and Valencia was organized as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="20779626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779626" title="Sho Gokyu">
Sho Gokyu


</doc>
<doc id="20779648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779648" title="Teretriphora huttoni">
Teretriphora huttoni

Teretriphora huttoni is a species of small deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triphoridae.

</doc>
<doc id="20779657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779657" title="Tomoyoshi Ono">
Tomoyoshi Ono


</doc>
<doc id="20779670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779670" title="Armenian National Council (1917—1918)">
Armenian National Council (1917—1918)

The Armenian National Council () was a permanent executive body formed by the Armenian National Congress in Tbilisi (then in the Russian Empire) in October 1917. The Council was responsible for creating the First Republic of Armenia in May 1918, the first independent Armenian state since the Middle Ages. 
Composition.
The Council consisted of 15 members, under the chairmanship of Avetis Aharonian. Although the Armenian National Congress was dominated by the Dashnak Party, to compromise with other political groups, the Dashnaks only took six of the available seats on the council. 
The original 15 members were as follows:
Armenian independence.
In May 1918, the Transcaucasian Federative Republic disintegrated. It had governed the peoples of former Russian-ruled Transcaucasia, including the Armenians, Georgians and Azerbaijanis. On 26 May, the Georgian National Council proclaimed the independence of Georgia and the Muslim National Council in Tbilisi followed by proclaiming the independence of Azerbaijan on 28 May. Since Armenians were at war with Turkey, the Armenian National Council was reluctant to proclaim Armenian independence, but decided it had no other option given the dissolution of the Trancaucasian Federative Republic, and the decision was announced on 30 May. This led to the creation of the Democratic Republic of Armenia. 
Peace treaty with the Ottoman Empire.
The National Council now sent representatives to Batumi to negotiate a peace settlement with the Ottoman Empire, which was fighting the Armenians in the area near Yerevan. The Treaty of Peace and Friendship was signed on 4 June 1918. The treaty meant accepting territorial losses, especially in the provinces of Kars and Yerevan; a reduction of the Armenian army; liberties for Muslims in the new state; and the right of the Ottoman Army to cross Armenian territory.
Formation of a cabinet.
On 9 June, the Armenian National Council asked the Dashnak politician Hovhannes Kachaznuni to form a government. The Dashnaks wanted it to be a coalition with other parties, feeling they were too inexperienced to rule alone. However, no other party enjoyed anything like the same degree of popular support. The Populists, Socialist Revolutionaries and Social Democrats also quarrelled among themselves, making a coalition impossible, so on 30 June Kachaznuni was forced to nominate a cabinet composed solely of Dashnaks plus one non-partisan minister.
Move to Yerevan.
On 17 July, the Armenian National Council moved from Tbilisi to Yerevan. This was a controversial action as almost one million Russian Armenians did not live in Armenia proper but in Georgia, Azerbaijan and the North Caucasus. However, relations between the Council and the new Democratic Republic of Georgia had deteriorated to such a point that the Council no longer felt able to remain in Tbilisi. Georgian officials snubbed the Armenian politicians as they left. The Armenian National Council and the Cabinet travelled to Yerevan via Azerbaijan, to avoid the Ottoman army. In contrast to the Georgian response, Azerbaijani officials gave the Armenians a warm welcome.
The Council becomes the Khorhurd.
Elections were impossible given the situation in Yerevan, so the Dashnaks, Populists, Socialist Revolutionaries and Social Democrats decided to transform the Armenian National Council into a legislature ("Khorhurd") for the new state by tripling its membership. As well as members of the four parties, it also included non-partisan Armenian politicians and representatives of minorities in the republic: six Muslims, one Yezidi and one Russian. The Khorhurd first met on 1 August 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20779678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779678" title="Jack Gifford">
Jack Gifford

John "Jack" F. Gifford (January 11, 1941 – January 11, 2009) was an American engineer and businessman best known as a founder and former CEO, President and Chairman of the Board of Maxim Integrated Products, an analog semi-conductor company, located in Sunnyvale, California. He served as the company's CEO until his retirement in 2007.
Life and career.
Gifford was born in 1941 and graduated from Banning High School in Los Angeles, California. He attended the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) on a baseball scholarship and wanted to play professionally. However, Gifford had married his high school sweetheart at age eighteen and realized he could not play baseball and support his wife and child. He graduated from UCLA with a BSEE degree in 1963.
Gifford's first job upon graduating from college was as a design engineer at Electronic Specialties in Los Angeles. He was soon recruited by Fairchild Semiconductor, at the age of 24. At Fairchild, Gifford worked his way up from the lower management levels to become the company's first Director of Analog Products. In 1968, Gifford co-founded Advanced Micro Devices and served as the company's Vice President of Marketing and Planning. Gifford left Advanced Micro Devices to begin a career in farming. Shortly after, he was persuaded to consult on a part-time basis at Intersil in the analog division, while continuing his farming. Eventually, Gifford left farming to assume the full-time position as Vice President of the Analog Division and later CEO of Intersil. At Intersil, Gifford was instrumental in the development of low power CMOS for analog applications, which became one of the largest analog IC markets in the world. Gifford is considered to be one of the "founding fathers" on the analog microchip industry.
In 1983, Gifford co-founded Maxim Integrated Products and led the company as CEO and President for the next 24 years. He developed a culture of high expectations with an emphasis on innovation. At Maxim, he devised a list of thirteen principles, known as the Maxim Principles, to define the company's culture. By 2007, when Gifford retired as Maxim's Chairman, CEO and President, Maxim had over 10,000 employees and reported revenues over $2 Billion.
The Securities and Exchange Commission had been investigating the company for back-dating stock options since June 2006. A few months after Gifford retired, the CFO resigned and the company was delisted as it restated earnings for 2000 through 2005.
Gifford maintained a passion for baseball throughout his life. In 1994, he founded, sponsored and played for the Maxim Yankees, a semi-pro wood bat baseball team. He also supported several college baseball programs - Stanford, California, Santa Clara University, San Jose State University and UCLA. At UCLA, he funded and oversaw the construction of the Jack and Rhodine Gifford Hitting Facility, a practice facility at Jackie Robinson Stadium.
Married for nearly 49 years, Gifford had three daughters and eleven grandchildren. Gifford died on his 68th birthday of a heart attack, in Kamuela, Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="20779682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779682" title="Hiroaki Namba">
Hiroaki Namba


</doc>
<doc id="20779695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779695" title="St Catharine's School for Girls, Kwun Tong">
St Catharine's School for Girls, Kwun Tong

St Catharine's School for Girls, Kwun Tong is located at 26 Hong Lee Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong. It is a girl's secondary school. Its motto is 'Brave Gentle Sincere'. The mission of the school is 'To deliver quality education to students, making them virtuous, all-round and knowledgeable'.
History.
The school was established by their first principal, The Rev. Joyce M. Bennett, who was contacted by the Educational Department in 1965. Ms Bennett first visited the school site at Ngok Yue Shan in late 1965. As the government first requested an establishment of 24 classes in the school, Ms Bennett then planned to set up four different subjects (Arts, Science, Commerce and Technical) to satisfy the government.
The school name.
The government proposed to name the school "St. Anne's". But the Chinese members of the school organizing committee thought that the name is not good when translated into Chinese. After a long search, Ms Bennett proposed the name "St. Catharine's", after Catherine of Alexandria, the patroness of young maidens and female students, and her birthday, 25 November, was considered a suitable day for school celebration.
Class names.
The school set up five Form One classes in September 1968. As Ms Bennett thought it is unwise to name the five classes with ‘A’ to ‘E’ since people may think the classes are ranked according to the students' quality, she eventually picked five women from the New Testament as the names of the classes: 
These women were considered good role models for the girls. 
Lyrics of the school song.
And did those feet in ancient time<br>
Walk upon Hong Kong's mountains green?<br>
And was the holy Lamb of God<br>
In Hong Kong's crowded cities seen?<br><br>
And did the countenance divine<br>
Shine forth upon our clouded hills?<br>
And was Jerusalem builded here<br>
Among those dark satanic mills?<br><br>
Bring me my bow of burning gold!<br>
Bring me my arrows of desire!<br>
Bring me my spear!<br>
O clouds, unfold!<br>
Bring me my chariot of fire!<br><br>
I will not cease from mental fight,<br>
Nor shall my sword sleep in my hand,<br>
Till we have built Jerusalem<br>
On Hong Kong's hills and city land.
References.
St Catharine's School for Girls, Kwun Tong's official web-site

</doc>
<doc id="20779702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779702" title="Dorje Pakmo">
Dorje Pakmo

In Tibetan Buddhism, Dorje Pakmo (, literally "The Diamond Sow"; ; ), also known as Sera Kandro, is believed to be the reincarnation of the consort of the wrathful deity Demchok (Heruka). She is the highest female incarnation in Tibet and the third highest-ranking person in the hierarchy after the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Lama. She was listed among the highest-ranking reincarnations at the time of the Fifth Dalai Lama, recognized by the Tibetan government and acknowledged by the emperors of Qing China.
History and background.
Her seat, Samding (literally, 'the temple of soaring meditation') was in many ways unique in that about half of the inhabitants were monks and the other half were nuns, while the head of the monastery with all its branches was (and still is) a woman. It is a Geluk Ani gompa (or nunnery) – which also housed some monks – and was built on a hill on a peninsula jutting into the sacred lake, Yamdrok Tso.
The female tulku who was the abbess of Samding monastery, on the shores of the Yamdrok Tso Lake, near Gyantse, Tibet was traditionally a nirmanakaya emanation of Vajravarahi (Tibetan: "Dorje Phagmo"). The lineage started in the 15th century with the princess of Gungthang, Chokyi Dronma (Wylie: "Chos-kyi sgron-me")(1422–1455). She became known as Samding Dorje Pagmo (Wylie:"bSam-lding rDo-rje phag-mo") and began a line of female tulkus, reincarnate lamas. She was a contemporary of Gendun Drup (1391–1474) and her teacher Bodong Panchen Chogley Namgyal also was one of his teachers. Charles Alfred Bell met the tulku in 1920 and took photographs of her, calling her "Dorje Pamo" in his book. The current incarnation, the 12th of this line, resides in Lhasa. where she is known as "Female Living Buddha Dorje Palma" by the Chinese.
Samding gompa was destroyed after 1959 but is in the process of being restored.
Lineage.
The first Dorje Phagmo, Chokyi Dronma, was a princess of the then independent kingdom of Gungthang in southwestern Tibet in the 15th century. She married into the royal family of the principality of Southern Lato that is she married/was married to the prince of southern Lato (La stod lho) defined as a keen supporter of Bonpo practices – but, after the death of her only child, a daughter, she renounced her family and royal status to become a Buddhist nun "circa" 1442.
Chokyi Dronma was a leading figure in the Tibetan Bodongpa tradition which gradually waned under Gelugpa rule, but is being gradually restored today. She died at the Manmogang Monastery in Tsari to the southeast of Dakpo, near the Indian border, in 1455. Diemberger also says that [... "the Venerable Lady passed away into the "dakinis'" heaven ("khecara"), her true home. She left her skull with special features as the wish-fulfilling gem of the great meditation center of Tsagong. The great "siddha" Gyalpo had said earlier, 'A skull with special features will come to this sacred place, together with a mountain dweller from Ngari', and thus the prophecy had come true, greatly enhancing the devotion of the Kongpo people."]
According to Diemberger the second Dorje Phagmo was Kunga Sangmo (wylie: Kun dga' bzang mo) (1459–1502).
The ninth Dorje Phagmo -Choying Dechen Tshomo-, for example, became a renowned spiritual master not only for Samding but also for the Nyingma tradition, discovered some terma and died at Samye. Her skull is still preserved and worshipped as a holy relic in the Nyingmapa monastery on the island of Yumbudo in Yamdrok Tso Lake.
In premodern Tibet, the successive incarnations of Dorje Pakmo were treated with royal privilege and, along with the Dalai and Panchen Lamas, (and when they were in Tibet, the Chinese Ambans) were permitted to travel by palanquin or sedan chair. Unlike most other nuns, Dorje Pakmo was allowed to wear her hair long, but was never to sleep lying down – in the day she could sleep sitting up in a chair, but was expected at night to remain in a meditative position.
The 12th Samding Dorje Pakmo Trülku is Dorje Pakmo Dêqên Qoizhoin Rinpoche, who was born in 1942.
Names.
Diemberger writes: "Three names in particular frame her identity according to a classical Tibetan threefold model: as a royal princess she was called Queen of the Jewel (Konchog Gyalmo), her 'outer' name; when she took her vows she became known as Lamp of the Doctrine (Chokyi Dronma), her 'inner' name; as a divine incarnation she was called Thunderbolt Female Pig (Dorje Phagmo), her 'secret' name." The wylie transliteration is given by Diemberger as "Chos kyi sgron me".
Also: "The princess's three main names seem to refer to three distinct modes of manifesting herself in different contexts: Konchog Gyalmo (Queen of the Jewel), her birth name; Chokyi Dronma (Lamp of the Dharma), the name she was given when she was ordained as a novice; and Dorje Phagmo (Vajravarahi), the name attributed to her when she was revealed as an emanation of this deity.
In an introductory letter, written by Thangtong Gyalpo before she departed from Northern Lato in 1454, he presented her like following: "Now there is a lady who stems from the royal lineage of the Gods of Clear Light ('Od gsal lha) who is devoted to spiritual liberation and to the benefit of all living beings. Her outer name is Lady Queen of the Jewel (bDag mo dKon mchog rgyal mo); her inner name is Female Teacher Lamp of the Doctrine (sLob dpon ma Chos kyi sgron ma); her secret name is Vajravarahi (rDo rje phag mo). Her residence is undefined." 
Places.
According to TBRC his Seat was "yar 'brog bsam sdings", a monastery connected to the tradition of the bo dong pa. IT says: "the incarnates of this monastery were the bsam sdings rdo rje phag mo and the reembodiment of ras chen dpal 'byor bzang po
gu bkra'i chos 'byung."
Teachings related to Dorje Phagmo.
Jomo Menmo Pema Tsokyi (Jom-mo sMan-mo Padma mTsho-sKyid) was born in the Earth Male monkey year (1248 CE) and passed into the sky-dimension in 1283 CE. Yeshé Tsogyel is reported to have said about her: "An activity emanation of my speech will appear in Tsang and she will be known as Jomo Menmo." She was born in the magical vicinity of the cave in which both Padmasambhava and Yeshe Tsogyel once stayed. The place was called Zarmolung which was located in an area of Tibet called E-yul, which means 'primordial-awareness country'. One day Jomo Menmo found herself standing in front of the entrance to a secret cave in the mountain side. She entered the cave immediately and with a sense of keen enthusiasm. Once inside the cave a Vision unfolded in which Yeshe Tsogyel manifested in a phantasmagorical variety of guises. These Visions melted into each other until they coalesced into "the form of Yeshe Tsogyel as Dorje Phagmo". Dorje Phagmo is the ecstatically fierce Dakini, whose head is surmounted by the head of a sow whose screech shatters illusion. The sound of the screech obliterates all concepts and sharply confides the direct meaning or ro-chig—the one taste of Emptiness and Form. At the moment in which she apprehended Yeshe Tsogyel as Dorje Phagmo, a complete body of teaching was revealed to her. She understood its meaning in the instant of its appearance. This teaching named itself as 'The Gathered Secrets of Sky dancers'. She realized this teaching was something that she should practice in complete secrecy until its results were obtained. She knew immediately that there would be no obstacle to her fulfilment of these practices. With the arising of this knowledge the Vision of Dorje Phagmo dissolved into Cho-nyi (Chos-nyid—Dharmata, the Space of reality). According to the information given by The Website of the Dharma Fellowship of His Holiness the Gyalwa Karmapa Jomo Menmo was born as a "karmic emanation" of Yeshe Tsogyal.
The lifestory of A-YU KHA'DRO (Tsewang Dorje Paldron 1839–1953) refers to the teachings of Khadro Sangwa Kundu, declared to be a gongter of Jamyang Khentse Wangpo and in fn6 explained to be the teaching given to Jomo Memo (1248–83) by Dorje Phagmo in the cave of Padma Sambhava. (See Dargyay, The Rise of Esoteric Buddhism in Tibet, p. 119, and biography of Jomo Memo, pp. 291–4.) This text was lost and it was not until the nineteenth century that Jamyang Khentse Wongpo discovered it as a gongter, that the teaching was available again. The text is referred to from here on in its abbreviated form, Khadro Sangdu (mKha' 'gro gSang 'dus). It is a great series of teachings on Vajra Varahi, some say a Mother Tantra, associated with the four actions or trinlay ('phrin las): calming, enriching, overawing, and destroying.
Twelfth Samding Dorje Pakmo.
The twelfth Samding Dorje Pakmo was very young at the time of the Chinese occupation, but her exact date of birth is contested, some people claiming she was born a year before the death of the previous incarnation (and therefore cannot be the true reincarnation).
However, she was recognised by the present 14th Dalai Lama as a true incarnation and served as a vice president of the Buddhist Association in 1956 while he was president, and the 10th Panchen Lama also a vice president. She went to Lhasa in 1958 and received the empowerment of Yamantaka from the Dalai Lama and the empowerment of Vajrayogini from the Dalai Lama's tutor, Trijang Rinpoche.
She was trained in the Bodongpa tradition but remains the head of the Samding Monastery while also holding the post of a high government cadre in the Tibet Autonomous Region. She has, as a result, been accused by many of "collaborating" with the Chinese.
After the 2008 Tibetan unrest and prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Xinhua, the Chinese official government news agency, said that the twelfth Samding Dorje Phagmo, who is also the vice-chairwoman of the standing committee of the Tibetan Autonomous Regional People's Congress, was quoted saying that, "The sins of the Dalai Lama and his followers seriously violate the basic teachings and precepts of Buddhism and seriously damage traditional Tibetan Buddhism's normal order and good reputation." She reportedly told Xinhua that, "Old Tibet was dark and cruel, the serfs lived worse than horses and cattle."
According to Diemberger there also is a Dorje Phagmo line in Bhutan. She writes: Currently there is a Dorje Phagmo Tulku in Bhutan who was recognized by the Sakya Lama Rikey Jatrel, considered an incarnation of Thangtong Gyalpo (1385–1464 or 1361–1485). The Dorje Phagmo is currently a member of the monastic community of the Thangtong Dewachen nunnery at Zilingkha in Thimphu, which follows the Nyingma and the Shangpa Kagyu tradition.,
Hats.
The distinctive black hat of the Samding Dorje Phagmo, which can be seen in both ancient and modern mural paintings and in photographs of the later reincarnations, is very similar to that of the Karmapa and is linked to the dakinis and Khandro Yeshe Tshogyal in particular.

</doc>
<doc id="20779714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779714" title="Isaac Henry Burkill">
Isaac Henry Burkill

Isaac Henry Burkill (18 May 1870 – March 8, 1965) was an English botanist.
Educated at Repton School and Caius College, Cambridge, Burkill served as Assistant in the Herbarium of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew from 1897 to 1899. In 1912 he succeeded H. N. Ridley as Director of the Botanic Gardens, Singapore. In 1935 he published his dictionary of economic products of Malaya, ten years after his retirement. This dictionary was reprinted in 1966, 1993 and 2002.
Burkill received the Linnean Medal in 1952.
Burkill's son, Humphrey Morrison Burkill, was also a distinguished botanist and also served as Director of the Singapore Botanic Gardens (1957-1969).

</doc>
<doc id="20779717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779717" title="Nahid Shahmehri">
Nahid Shahmehri

Nahid Shahmehri is a professor of Computer Science at Linköping University and also Senior Member of IEEE, specializing in computer and network security issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20779730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779730" title="Digital United">
Digital United

Digital United, commonly known as SeedNet, is one of the major Internet Service Provider based in Taipei, Taiwan. 
It was first a Project SEED (Software Engineering Environment Development) sponsored by the Ministry of Economic Affairs and operated by Institute for Information Industry (III) to push-start Taiwan local Internet market. 
The company Digital United was then officially found in 1998, shareholders include The Ministry of Economic, Institute for Information Industry (III) and 7-11.

</doc>
<doc id="20779750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779750" title="Armenian National Council of Baku">
Armenian National Council of Baku

Armenian National Council in Baku was a representative body of the Armenians residing on the Azerbaijani territory.
When the Yerevan-based Armenian Congress of Eastern Armenians was established at October 1917, it united the Armenian National Councils all around the Russian Empire. It united Armenian National Council of Karabagh, Armenian National Council of Baku, and Armenian National Council of Tiflis.

</doc>
<doc id="20779760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779760" title="Kakutani's theorem (geometry)">
Kakutani's theorem (geometry)

Kakutani's theorem is a result in geometry named after Shizuo Kakutani. It states that every convex body in 3-dimensional space has a circumscribed cube, i.e. a cube all whose faces touch the body. The result was further generalized by Yamabe and Yujobô to higher dimension, and by Floyd to other circumscribed parallelepipeds. 

</doc>
<doc id="20779763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779763" title="Kushnir">
Kushnir

Kushnir (, , , ) is a Ukrainian and Jewish surname. In Ukraine the surname means a furrier, among the Ashkenazi Jews - a kosher cook.
There are many variations of the name from all over central Europe. In the west the name starts in Germany as Kushner and variations of it run through the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary to the Ukraine in the east and others. The derivatives may include Kushnirenko, Kushnirchuk, Kushnirovych, Kushnirak, Kushnirov, Kushnariv, Kushnarev, Kushner, Cushner, Kusznir, others.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20779785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779785" title="Precious Blood Secondary School">
Precious Blood Secondary School

Precious Blood Secondary School is a girls' school in Chai Wan in Hong Kong. The principal is Sister Cheung (張淑婉修女).
History.
In 1945, after WWII, many children could not afford to go to school. Therefore, Sisters of the Precious Blood rented a place in Wan Chai as a school and named it 德貞第二女子中學, which was dependent on government subsidies. Seven years later, in 1952, it moved to North Point. And Sisters of the Precious Blood built a playground for it to commemorate Jesus Christ, and changed the name of the school to Precious Blood secondary School(寶血女子中學).
Mission and Vision.
Its educational mission derives from philanthropy, justice, and peace. the school strives to educate students based on six guiding principles:moral(德)、wisdom(智)、self values(體)、social values(群)、goodheartedness(美)、spirituality(靈),and apply them to their life, culture, and belief.
References.
School website

</doc>
<doc id="20779786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779786" title="Nadeshiko">
Nadeshiko

In Japanese, Nadeshiko 撫子 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20779813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779813" title="Antoine Caldwell">
Antoine Caldwell

Antoine Caldwell (born April 19, 1986) is an American football guard in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Alabama, and earned All-American honors. He was drafted by the Houston Texans in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Caldwell was born in Tallassee, Alabama. He attended Robert E. Lee High School in Montgomery, where he was a standout lineman for his high school football team. Considered a three-star recruit by Rivals.com, Caldwell was listed as the No. 10 center prospect of his class.
College career.
Caldwell received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Alabama, where he played for coach Mike Shula and coach Nick Saban's Alabama Crimson Tide football teams from 2005 to 2008. As a senior in 2008, he was recognized as a first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection and a consensus first-team All-American.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
Caldwell was graded as the No. 3 center available in the 2009 NFL Draft, behind Alex Mack and Eric Wood. As projected, he was the third center selected off the board, in the third round by the Houston Texans.
Houston Texans.
From 2009 to 2012, Caldwell played 39 games, including 19 starts, for the Texans.
Buffalo Bills.
Caldwell signed with the Buffalo Bills on July 28, 2013. He was released on August 30, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20779868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779868" title="Hikaru Mita">
Hikaru Mita

He retired in 2013, after a thirteen-year professional career, after being released by J. League Division 2 side F.C. Gifu.

</doc>
<doc id="20779869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779869" title="Bertrando Alidosi">
Bertrando Alidosi

Bertrando Alidosi (died November 12, 1391) was an Italian condottiero and the lord of Imola (as Papal vicar) from 1372 until 1391. He was the son of Roberto Alidosi, and succeeded in his signoria to Azzo Alidosi, to whom he had been associated by will of Pope Urban V. In 1365 he had been also made lord of Castel del Rio, Monte del Fine and Castiglione. The two brothers were jailed in Bologna two times by the papal forces, but they were permitted to return soon to Imola. In 1371 he was forced by a rebellion to flee shortly at Avignon with Pope Gregory XI.
He married Elisa Tarlati, daughter of Maso Tarlati, lord of Pietramala, and sister of cardinal Galeotto Tarlati.
He was succeeded by his son Luigi (Ludovico).
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20779890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779890" title="Musée historique">
Musée historique

Musée historique may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20779891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779891" title="Hong Kong people">
Hong Kong people

Hong Kongers or Hong Kong people () are people who live in or come from Hong Kong. These terms (and the similar but less commonly used terms "Hong Kongite", "Hong Kongese", and "Hong Kongian") have no legal definition; more precise terms such as Hong Kong permanent resident () and Hong Kong resident () are used in legal contexts. Besides being used to refer to a Hong Kong resident, Hong Konger might also be used more loosely to refer to someone who may not have legal residence status in Hong Kong, but has spent an extensive period of time in the city or has a strong cultural connection with Hong Kong. 
The term "Hong Konger" does not make reference to the ethnicity of a person, and is also independent of Chinese citizenship or residency status. Over 90% of Hong Kongers are of Chinese descent (and most have ancestral roots in the province of Guangdong), but there are also Hong Kongers of, e.g., Indian, Filipino, Indonesian, Pakistani or Vietnamese descent, and expatriates from many other countries live and work in the city. 
Hong Kong experienced an exodus of people in the years leading up to the handover of sovereignty from the U.K. to China in 1997, as a result of which there are now many ethnic Chinese in other parts of the world who regard themselves as Hong Kongers. However, some who emigrated during that period have since returned. Migration from mainland China in recent years has brought more Chinese people to Hong Kong. 
Due to the one country two systems policy, Hong Kong has a different political system than that of China, including a different passport, flag and official language.
Terminology.
The terms "Hong Konger" and "Hong Kong people" translate to the same Cantonese term "Hèung Góng Yàhn" (). 
The above terms embody a civic identity as opposed to one based upon race or ethnicity.
Legal definition of Hong Kong residents.
The Hong Kong Basic Law gives a precise legal definition of a Hong Kong resident. Under Article 24 of the Basic Law, Hong Kong residents can be further classified as non-permanent or permanent residents. Non-permanent residents are those who have the right to hold a Hong Kong Identity Card but have no right of abode in Hong Kong. Permanent residents are those who have the right to hold a Hong Kong Permanent Identity Card and the right of abode in Hong Kong.
Article 24 of the Basic Law provides that: 
Ethnic groups in Hong Kong.
Chinese.
In 2011 93.6% of Hong Kong's residents were ethnic Chinese, and 31.2% were born in mainland China, Taiwan, or Macau. 
Many migrants and refugees came to Hong Kong from the Canton (Guangzhou) area and other parts of Guangdong province in the 20th century; a substantial number arrived in the mid to late 1940s before the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, and many more in the decade that followed. Such immigrants from Guangdong and their descendants have long constituted the majority of Hong Kong Chinese. But there are a large number of Chinese Hong Kongers with ancestral roots in more distant parts of the country, such as Shanghai and Shandong, and there are also Cantonese people who originate from Hakka-speaking villages in the New Territories. 
Cantonese people are the largest group in Hong Kong. As a result, Hong Kong culture is highly Cantonese-influenced. Cantonese is the most commonly used language in both everyday and formal conversation, as well as in the media and education. Members of other Han Chinese groups in Hong Kong (such as the Hakka People, the Hoklo (Hokkien), the Shanghainese, and the Teochew) who are Hong Kong born or raised often assimilate into the mainstream Cantonese identity of Hong Kong. For example, the children of immigrants whose mother tongue is not Cantonese will typically adopt Cantonese as their first language.
Ethnic minorities.
Hong Kong has many minority ethnic and national groups. Numerically, the largest groups are the Filipinos (1.9% of Hong Kong's population in 2011) and the Indonesians (also 1.9%). There are long-established South Asian communities, which comprise both descendants of 19th and early 20th-century migrants as well as more recent short-term expatriates. South Asian Hong Kongers include people of Indian, Pakistani, and Nepalese ethnicities, who respectively made up 0.4%, 0.3%, and 0.2% of Hong Kong's population in 2011. Other groups include Americans, Britons, Canadians, Australians, New Zealanders, Japanese, Koreans, Russians, Vietnamese and Thais. In 2011 0.8% of Hong Kong's population were white people, many (53.5%) of whom resided on Hong Kong Island where they constituted 2.3% of the population. 
Citizenship.
Jus soli allows people whose parents are Chinese or are permanent residents of Hong Kong to acquire right of abode by birth in Hong Kong. Residency rights can also be acquired in some other ways. For example, residents of China may settle in Hong Kong for family reunification purposes if they obtain a One-way Permit (for which there may be a waiting time of several years).
Unlike many countries, Hong Kong does not require applicants for naturalisation to take a citizenship or language test to become citizens. However, Hong Kong migrants and residents are assumed to understand their obligation under Article 42 of the Hong Kong Basic Law to abide by the laws of Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20779904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779904" title="Rolan's Curse">
Rolan's Curse

"Rolan's Curse", known in Japan as is an action adventure video game developed by Sammy and released for the Game Boy in 1990. Sammy released a follow up to "Rolan's Curse" for the Game Boy in 1992, entitled "Rolan's Curse II".
Story.
Once the people of Rolan were terrorized by the evil ruler King Barius before he was imprisoned in a castle deep within the forest. When the king many years later was released he immediately unleashed legions of regenerating monsters on the citizens of the land. Now a hero (or two if you play it in multiplayer) is needed to defeat him and his minions.
Summary.
The game is shown in an overhead perspective. Like Nintendo's Zelda adventure series, the player goes from screen to screen and defeats enemies with a sword while finding items from monsters and treasure chests. The player is allowed two items at a time: one weapon and one sub-item; picking up a different weapon or sub will switch out the current one.
In the beginning, the player starts with a sword but can find a fire wand that deals ranged attacks at the sacrifice of attack power. Other items include a hammer for breaking down barriers and a potion for restoring all health. The player can also pick up another of the currently equipped weapon to gain a temporary boost to attack power, or an armor jacket to raise defense temporarily. These temporary boosts return to normal after a level is beaten. More permanent power-ups come in the form of strength gloves and heart containers, which upgrade attack and defense respectively.
This video game can also be played with another player if the two individuals link their Game Boys together while the game is inserted.
Controls.
"Rolan's Curse" uses the Game Boy's directional pad for cardinal movement, while the "B" and "A" buttons are used to activate the first and second item slots respectively. The "START" button calls up the stats menu where the player can see how strong they are; as well as the password required to continue the game upon power-off. The crystal bracelet can be charged by holding down the "A" button and releasing for a similar attack to the wand's. The "SELECT" button is unused.
Graphics.
The game's visuals are built with graphic tiles, extending the play field beyond the current view. When the player walks to the edge of the screen, the view adjusts to next set of tiles that represent a new area.
Because of the sprite limitations of the hardware, "Rolan's Curse'" artists opted for a Japanese SD approach to the style.
Enemies.
There are 19 different kinds of enemies in the game; not including bosses. They include zombies, skeletons, knights, wizards, bats, and spiders.
Save system.
The "Rolan's Curse" cartridge has no internal save battery. The game relies on a password system that can be viewed from the menu and executed when the player picks "CONTINUE" from the title screen. The game updates the current password every time a new item is in inventory, a new upgrade has been found, and when the next level's map is reached.
Reception.
Nintendo Power gave "Rolan's Curse" a 78/100 score.
While many players found the game to be fun, likening it to the Zelda series, a common complaint is the quest's brevity. The game only features three full levels, plus a smaller final boss level.

</doc>
<doc id="20779905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779905" title="Battle of Las Piedras (1811)">
Battle of Las Piedras (1811)

The Battle of Las Piedras was fought on May 18, 1811 as part of the Uruguayan struggle for independence. 
Background and development of events.
In 1810, the May Revolution had forced the Spanish to abandon Buenos Aires, but they held on to the Banda Oriental (present-day Uruguay), as Spain moved the headquarters of the 
Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata to Montevideo. At the beginning of April 1811, the revolutionary José Gervasio Artigas returned to the Banda Oriental with approximately 180 men provided by the Government of Buenos Aires. On April 11, he issued the Mercedes Proclamation, assuming control of the revolution.
The Governor of Montevideo and new Viceroy of Río de la Plata, Francisco Javier de Elío, appointed frigate-captain José Posadas at the head of the forces loyal to Spain. Posadas installed his headquarters at San Isidro Labrador de Las Piedras near Montevideo, to provoke a decisive battle against the revolutionaries. 
Meanwhile, José Artigas was camped near Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe with an army of a thousand men. The army of Posadas counted 1230 men, of which some 200 would defect to Artigas in the midst of battle. 
The battle was fought on May 18 at Las Piedras and resulted in a total victory for the revolutionaries. José Posadas capitulated. It was at this occasion that Artigas pronounced his famous sentence "Curad a los heridos, clemencia para los vencidos" ("Cure the injured, mercy to the vanquished"), an unusual decision in those times, referring to the Spanish wounded and prisoners. One of the casualties on the revolutionary side was Manuel Artigas, nephew of José Artigas.
Both armies fought in the name of King Ferdinand VII of Spain.
Importance of the battle.
Some historians consider the victory in the Battle of Las Piedras as crucial for the survival of the revolution in Uruguay and Argentina, after the defeats of General Manuel Belgrano in Paraguay and Paraná.
After the battle, the Royalists only remained in control of Colonia del Sacramento and Montevideo, which was finally taken by Carlos María de Alvear on June 20, 1814.
The day of the battle, May 18, is now an official holiday in Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="20779907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779907" title="Sri Sankara Narayanan Temple">
Sri Sankara Narayanan Temple

The Sri Sankara Narayanan Temple is a temple that signifies the unity of both Saivism and Vaishnavism.

</doc>
<doc id="20779908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779908" title="Fort Pelly">
Fort Pelly

Fort Pelly was a Hudson's Bay Company fur trading post located in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The fort was probably named after Sir John Pelly, governor of the Hudson's Bay Company. The current village of Pelly, Saskatchewan, takes its name from the fort, and is located approximately 8 miles north of the site of the fort.
The first fort.
Befort Fort Pelly was built there was a Fort Hibernia in the general area.
The first Fort Pelly, at , was constructed by the Hudson's Bay Company in 1824, in the northeast corner of the elbow of the Assiniboine River. It was situated at a convenient portage point between the Assiniboine and Swan Rivers. Since the upper Assiniboine is shallow and crooked the area was most easily reached from the Swan River. The route was Lake Winnipegosis - Swan River - Snake Creek - Miry Creek - portage to the Assiboine River. It was the center of the Hudson's Bay Company's Swan River District. Its first chief trader was Alan McDonell, who selected the site, and constructed its first buildings. The fort consisted of a dwelling house, and Indian house, several staff houses, a store, and stables, all enclosed within a square palisade, 120 feet a side. The fort traded with Cree and Salteaux Indians from the surrounding area. The first fort was destroyed by fire in the winter of 1842 and rebuilt immediately by chief trader Cuthbert Cumming. In 1849 Thomas McKay, who would become first mayor of Prince Albert and a prominent territorial politician, was born at Fort Pelly.
The second fort.
Fort Pelly was moved to in 1856. This move, to approximately one quarter mile southeast of the original position, was due to problems with occasional flooding at the old location. The old fort was however still used in some capacity until at least 1859. On July 15, 1870, the Hudson's Bay Company surrendered its lands to Canada, while retaining its posts and some land immediately surrounding them. The fort was now located on block 17 of the Fort Pelly Reserve. Around 1871 Fort Ellice succeeded Fort Pelly as district headquarters. In 1909 the Canadian Northern Railway was built 6 miles north of Fort Pelly, and trade at the fort all but ceased, and it was abandoned in June, 1912.
Current status.
During the summers of 1971 and 1972, the former fort sites were excavated by the Saskatchewan Museum of Natural History, at which time all known buildings were located, and 7,000 objects were recovered.
The first Fort Pelly site was designated a Historic Site by the Province of Saskatchewan in 1986 and is operated by the Saskatchewan Parks Service.
The site of the second fort was purchased by the Fort Pelly Historical Society and was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20779909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779909" title="Kohei Usui">
Kohei Usui

Career statistics.
Last update: 22 December 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20779930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779930" title="Yuzo Tamura">
Yuzo Tamura

Career statistics.
Last update: 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20779939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779939" title="Fremont Landing, California">
Fremont Landing, California

Fremont Landing (also known as Fremont and Fremonts) was a former settlement in Yolo County, California, United States. It was located on the Sacramento River east-southeast of Knights Landing, at an elevation of 26 feet (8 m).
History.
The area was settled by Jonas Spect on March 22, 1849, one half of a mile below the merging of the Feather River into the Sacramento River. Lt. George H. Derby wrote about the town on his report to the Secretary of War in 1849 and stated, "The Town of Vernon is situated at the junction of the Feather and Sacramento Rivers, and that of Fremont immediately opposite. Each contains some twenty houses and one or two hundred inhabitants."
Spect chose to settle at this site because of the potential business benefits of being upriver. Mexican law entitled people to a three league town if they would start a ferry service, which Spect then began. He hired John I. McCaughn to survey his three league town soon after he started his ferry business. The town was named after John C. Frémont, who had risen to public notoriety only three years beforehand. During the Municipal Election of October 1, 1849, there were around 300 voters in the area.
On April 5, 1850, the town received its first post office, the Fremont Post Office, and the title of County Seat. Severe floods during the previous winters foreshadowed the fall of the city. These floods allowed for travel upriver and led to the founding of Marysville, closer to the mines. A legal battle for land rights between Spect and James Madison Harbin didn't help assuage fears of the townspeople. In 1851 the town of Fremonts Landing was disbanded; people moved out and took the town's buildings with them. Washington became the county seat on June 30, 1851. Very few citizens stayed in the area, with only three voters in the September 1855 General Election. The post office was also closed, then opened again in the same year. The post office closed its doors permanently in November 1864. In 1870 the town had one house left.

</doc>
<doc id="20779945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779945" title="Dress for Success (Ugly Betty)">
Dress for Success (Ugly Betty)

"Dress for Success" (also known as "Dressed for Success") is the 11th episode in the third season, the 52nd episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on January 8, 2009. The episode was directed by Matt Shakman.
Plot.
The day begins with Betty helping Hilda, Justin and Ignacio decorating the Suarez home as they celebrate the relaunch of "Hilda's Beautilities." Betty agreed to help out Hilda with filling out gift baskets and other goodies, believing it would not interfere with her work and her studies at YETI. 
At work Daniel and Wilhelmina addressed the "MODE" staff that they landed Keira Knightley for an April shoot and just ordered a Halston dress for her to wear on the cover. The two also warned that this info must not be leaked out to the competition. In addition Betty is tasked by Daniel to pick up the dress.
But it looks like Betty might have spoken too soon as she tried to juggle work and family without much success as she struggles to impress her idol, Jodie Papadakis (Bernadette Peters), the editor running YETI, this after Jodie asked Betty where she was when Betty was supposed to be at a gathering the evening before. And when Betty told her she was helping her sister, Jodie didn't like that answer. Jodie then gave the students their assignment, which was to gather 40 contacts through social networking (no family members), and warned them if they don't complete this, then don't bother returning to YETI. 
So with help from Marc and Amanda, albeit reluctant, Betty does gets some good tips, even after Marc and Amanda abandon her at a local bar, where she succeeds, despite passing on helping Hilda again that same evening, leaving Hilda disappointed. Things go from bad to worse when she encounters Teri O'Shaughnessy (guest star Nikki Blonsky), an assistant at ELLE magazine, just as the long-running Mode/ELLE rivalry heats up. As Betty and Teri exchange cards, the two made small talk about each other, but when Betty went to the bathroom Teri eyes her Blackberry that was left on the table and mangaged to scoop enough info for ELLE. 
Thanks to Teri, not only does she gets Knightley for ELLE, but also steals the dress for their party by using Betty's name. This makes Wilihelmina furious and Daniel somewhat upset, so they call out their rivals at ELLE over their sabotaging tactics. Luckily, Betty recalled who Teri said was catering the ELLE party that evening, and got the caterer to sneak her and Marc in to steal back the dress, just in time to escape the clutches of Teri after she spots the two. Arriving with the adorned dress at Wilhelmina's party, Betty gets invited in and has the opportunity to rub elbows with the fashion elite. When Jodie spots Betty (as she was looking at her cellphone message from Hilda), Jodie told her that she was surprised to see Betty at an event like this and told that didn't have to worry about being kicked out of YETI.
Unfortunately, after Jodie left, Betty learned that Hilda left several more messages on her phone and when she answered it, she raced over to the hospital, where Hilda told Betty that Ignacio had a heart attack.
Meanwhile, Daniel and Wilhelmina's feelings over Molly and Connor respectively continues to take center stage, with Wili showing Daniel the security footage of his almost-kiss with Molly and encourages him to follow his heart, which Wilhelmina uses as a ploy so she can pick up the pieces of Connor's. At first, it doesn't seem like the plan will work since Molly (who told Daniel that she and Connor had been engaged for four years) reacts to Daniel's revelation of his feelings by leaving Wilhelmina's party upset. But she later shows up on Daniel's steps, saying she's dumped Connor. She and Daniel consummate that almost-kiss from long ago. Likewise with Connor after he looked very susceptible and admiring of Wilhelmina at the party, then makes a huge surprise by going to her home later and kissing her.
Music.
The ending song is "La Ritournelle" by Sébastien Tellier.
Casting.
Judith Light, although credited was absent from this episode.
Ratings.
Although they came in third to the BCS Championship Game between the Florida Gators and Oklahoma Sooners on Fox and a repeat of "", the episode scored a 5.0/8 overall, a 2.4/6 among 18-49s and 7.50 million viewers, even though it was down from 900,000 viewers from the previous episode.

</doc>
<doc id="20779954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779954" title="Clan Kelly">
Clan Kelly

Clan Kelly is a Scottish clan. The clan does not have a chief recognised by the Lord Lyon King of Arms, therefore the clan has no standing under Scots Law. Clan Kelly is considered an armigerous clan, meaning that it is considered to have had at one time a chief who possessed the chiefly arms, however no one at present is in possession of such arms. The only evidence for Clan Kelly is a reference to Kelly of that ilk by Alexander Nisbet, who blazoned the arms "or, a saltire sable between four fleurs-de-lis azure".
The surname "Kelly" has multiple different origins, with the name originating in England, Ireland and Scotland. The clan name may be variant of Kelloe, a barony in the lands of Home in Berwickshire. There is also a Kelloe in Durham and another in Northumberland. An early Scottish bearer of the name was William de Kellaw, who was bailiff to Alexander III in 1278. Another was Richard de Kellow, who is recorded in 1338 as a witness to a charter in Roxburghshire. The name is also found in Fife and Angus in two place-names, for example Kellie Castle. In 1378, John de Kelly was Abbot at Arbroath. Another different group are the Mackellies of Galloway and Wigtownshire. These may likely be of "Celtic" descent. 

</doc>
<doc id="20779996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20779996" title="Shota Suzuki">
Shota Suzuki

Career statistics.
Last update: 23 December 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20780004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780004" title="Dallas Seymour">
Dallas Seymour

Dallas Seymour (born 19 August 1967 in Tokoroa, New Zealand) is a former New Zealand rugby union footballer and rugby sevens player. One of New Zealand rugby sevens longest serving players he played in the national team from 1988 until 2002. He made a brief appearance as an All Black, playing 3 tour matches in Australia in 1992.
He is married to former Silver Fern captain Julie Seymour.

</doc>
<doc id="20780015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780015" title="Puri Lukisan Museum">
Puri Lukisan Museum

The Puri Lukisan Museum () is the oldest art museum in Bali which specialize in modern traditional Balinese paintings and wood carvings. The museum is located in Ubud, Bali, Indonesia. It is home to the finest collection of modern traditional Balinese painting and wood carving on the island, spanning from the pre-Independence war (1930–1945) to the post-Independence war (1945 – present) era. The collection includes important examples of all of the artistic styles in Bali including the Sanur, Batuan, Ubud, Young Artist and Keliki schools.
Highlights of the Collection.
Ida Bagus Nyana was a talented wood sculptor and a gifted dancer. He is known for his impressionistic, elongated woodcarvings whose fluid shapes, devoid of excessive detail, often appear as if they had been pulled from taffy. His sculpture of the Goddess Pertiwi (Mother Earth), with its spidery legs and coiled serpant, is dreamlike and surrealistic. Nyana's son, Ida Bagus Tilem, was also a talented woodcarver. Both father and son were known for their ability to impart life to inanimate wood, thereby transforming it into magnificent forms with a sense of movement and full use of all the dimensions.
Ida Bagus Gelgel grew up in Kamasan, far away from direct western influence, but his works evolved beyond the conventions of the Wayang tradition. He was so creative, that in 1937 one of his paintings won a silver medal at the International Colonial Art Exhibition in Paris. One of his works, the Priest Dharmaswami, painted in 1935 using naturals dyes on paper, is one of the masterpieces of the Museum Puri Lukisan. It tells the story of a Priest who rescued a monkey, a snake and a tiger from a well. When the priest was arrested by a prince on false charges, the animals came to his rescue. The paintings shows these animals bringing gifts as a gratitude for saving their lives.
A true master and "Renaissance Man", Lempad is a figure in the Balinese community as well as in artistic circles abroad. His fame extends not only beyond geographical borders but also beyond the ordinary borders of craftsmanship and artistic expression. Lempad’s specialty was classical scenes, rendered in a relatively formal way. To these he applied creative genius, and the passionate intensity of his personality, in creating works that inspired many artists who followed him. Although he maintained closed friendships with the foreign artists who lived in Bali, including Bonnet and Spies, Lempad never compromised his distinctive identity as a Balinese artist. Lempad had a broad range of talents in many art forms: including painting, sculpture and architecture. He designed some of the palaces and temples in and around Ubud, including parts of the Puri Lukisan Museum. He also painted the murals at the entrance of the North building of the museum. Lempad's drawing, the Dream of Dharmawangsa, is one of the masterpieces of the museum and is rendered in his unique linear style.
Sobrat was the son of an aristocratic family. As a child, he delighted in the spectacles of the Balinese Wayang Kulit (shadow puppet performances). His grandfather, a well-known Wayang puppeteer, taught him to carve the rawhide puppets and familiarized him with the Hindu epics: the Ramayana and Mahabharata. His artistic talent drew the attention of other artists. Under the tutelage of Walter Spies, he learned to paint Balinese landscapes with surreal perspectives, and later from Bonnet he developed the techniques for portraiture. From 1957 to 1959, Sobrat taught at the highly regarded Academy of Fine Arts in Yogyakarta, where he developed his academic style. His painting of the Balinese Market was exhibited at the opening of the Museum Puri Lukisan and remains one of its masterpieces. Although the colors have faded, the composition of human figures clearly shows the influence of Bonnet.
This exceptional artist started his career as an apprentice in the studio of the Chinese photographer, Yap Sin Tin. Deblog's work portrays a passionate sense of the beauty of nature, rendered in elegantly refined detail that reveals the presence of a deeper reality underlying the world around us. His drawing, the Birth of Hanuman (1936) was presented to the Puri Lukisan Museum by the chairman of the Ford Foundation, and depicts a lush forest with magical nymphs and other forest dwellers bringing offerings to the newborn Hanuman.
Noted Exhibitions.
Featuring the pre-War Balinese paintings from the Leo Haks collection. Over 100 paintings and drawings were personally selected by Leo Haks to showcase the pre-War works of artists from Ubud, Sanur and Batuan. Many of the pieces came from the paintings collected by Gregory Bateson and Margaret Mead during their field study in Bali from 1935 to 1937.
Featuring masterpieces of Balinese art on loan from the Leiden University Museum, collected between 1929 and 1958 by Dutch artist Rudolf Bonnet, this exhibition showcases the specific characteristics, and style of Balinese artists from four geographic regions: Tampaksiring, Ubud, Batuan and Sanur. The Leiden University collection was supplemented by similar works from the permanent collection of the Puri Lukisan Museum, which were also selected by Rudolf Bonnet. This exhibition is accompanied by a catalog entitled “Pioneers of Balinese Painting” by Helena Spannjard.
In 2000, following the artist’s last wish, the widow of Ida Bagus Made loaned about 100 paintings from the artist’s private collection to the Puri Lukisan Museum. Fifty of these paintings will be presented to the public for the first time. This exhibition is accompanied by a catalog: “Ida Bagus Made – the Art of Devotion” co-authored by Kaja McGowan et al.

</doc>
<doc id="20780022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780022" title="Chicago Syndicate">
Chicago Syndicate

Chicago Syndicate is an arcade-oriented fighting video game that was released by Sega of America in North America for the Game Gear in 1996. It is a spin-off of "Eternal Champions" centering around former cat burglar Larcen Tyler.
Plot.
The game is set in the 1920s in an alternate reality from the "Eternal Champion" universe. In this universe, Larcen Tyler found out earlier that the package he was to send to the hospital by Mr. Tagilani was a bomb. He disposed of the bomb, resulting in it not killing the police chief of Chicago, people in the hospital and Larcen himself. Because of this act, Mr. Tagliani considers Larcen a traitor and orders all the mobs in Chicago to kill him.
While in hiding, the police order Larcen to become a police informant and ask for Larcen to clean up the streets of Chicago in exchange for information about Tagliani's current whereabouts.

</doc>
<doc id="20780029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780029" title="Road Island Diner">
Road Island Diner

The Road Island Diner is a rare classic Streamline Moderne 60' x 16' Art Deco diner car restaurant located in the remote mountain city of Oakley, Utah in the United States. It was prefabricated as diner # 1107 in 1939 at the Elizabeth, New Jersey factory of the Jerry O'Mahony Diner Company.
After construction, it was displayed on exhibition at the 1939 World's Fair in New York. After the Fair, It was sold to Al McDermott who had it towed it to Fall River, Massachusetts where it operated for 14 years. In 1953, it was sold to Greek immigrant Tommy Borodemos, who had it transported down the turnpike to Middletown, Rhode Island, where it operated for 4 generations as Tommy's Deluxe Diner. It closed its doors in May 2006 and was purchased in 2007 by Utah businessman, Keith Walker, who transported it to Oakley, Utah. After a year of restoration, it was opened in July 2008. It is said to be the only pre-war, Art-deco streamline (constructed to mimic a rail dining car) diner west of the Mississippi River.
Claimed to have been the "Cadillac" of diner companies because of its steel frame construction, The Jerry O'Mahony Diner Company of Elizabeth, New Jersey whose motto was "In our line, We lead the world" was said to have produced 2,000 diners from 1917 to 1941 with only four pre-war Art-Deco streamline style diners to still be in operation. The smaller 50' x 10' Mickey's Diner serial # 1067 in Saint Paul, Minnesota which is the first diner to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the 40' x 16' Collin's Diner serial # 1103 in North Canaan, Ct. and the 1938 Summit Diner in Summit, N.J. The Road Island Diner (O'Mahony Dining Car #1107) was added to the National Register of Historic Places by the National Park Service on August 21, 2009.
See also.
For other historic diners in the same architectural style see:

</doc>
<doc id="20780036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780036" title="Bronco All Terrain Tracked Carrier">
Bronco All Terrain Tracked Carrier

The Bronco All Terrain Tracked Carrier (ATTC) is a twin chassis multi-purpose articulated tracked carrier jointly developed by ST Kinetics and the Defence Science & Technology Agency (DSTA) for the Singapore Army. The variant in service with the UK armed forces is known as the Warthog.
Design.
Designed to traverse difficult terrain, the Bronco has a ground pressure of 60 kPa and is fitted with heavy duty seamless rubber tracks and a running gear system for soft ground conditions and directional stability. Swimming operations require minimal preparation and it can achieve a swimming speed of 5 km/h. The Bronco's four-sprocket drive, fully articulated steering with optional differential lock provides for small turning radius maneuvers and improved performance.
The Bronco has a load carrying capacity of up to 5 tonnes and is capable of a top speed of on the road and at least on cross-country terrain.
One advantage the standard Bronco has over other Armoured Personnel Carriers is it allows a platoon of soldiers to be transported in a vehicle to destination as opposed to just one to one and a half sections of troops thereby improving logistical efficiency.
Deployment.
The Bronco has been fully operational with the Singapore Armed Forces for several years, with more than 600 on order and production still underway.
British service.
In December 2008, ST Kinetics was awarded a £150 million contract by the United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence for over 100 Bronco All Terrain Tracked Carriers for use in Afghanistan. The vehicles, dubbed the Warthog in British service, will replace Vikings currently operating in southern Afghanistan by the British military, and are being procured as part of a £700 million package of Urgent Operational Requirements (UORs) recently announced by Defence Secretary John Hutton. Deliveries will commence in the third quarter of 2009, with the majority to be delivered in 2010.
Four Warthog variants will be built under the contract - Troop Carrier, Ambulance, Command, and Repair & Recovery. The ambulance variant will be capable of carrying casualties, medics and kit. Warthog's repair and recovery variant will be fitted with a crane and winch, and will have the capability to tow another 18-tonne Warthog vehicle back from the front line.
Once delivered to the UK, contractor Thales fits the vehicles according to MoD specifications with communications systems, specialist counter-measure equipment and extra protective armour at their facility in the former MoD depot at Llangennech near Llanelli, South Wales. The first vehicles are expected to be in service in Afghanistan by mid-2010.
In December 2010, British Army soldier—Lance Corporal William Reeks survived an IED attack after the Warthog he was travelling in set off a improvised explosive device. His family believes that the stronger armour of the Warthogs, which replaced less heavily fortified Viking armoured vehicles, helped save their son's life.
Jane's military guide has reported that British Warthog vehicles will be transformed to serve as transporter vehicles for Thales Watchkeeper UAV manned by 32nd Regiment Royal Artillery and 47th Regiment Royal Artillery under the Army 2020 concept.
Variants.
Singapore has already deployed several variants of the Bronco, including ambulance, engineer, repair and recovery, load carrier, troop carrier and fuel resupply vehicles.
Mortar Tracked Carrier.
A variant of the Bronco All-Terrain Tracked Carrier, the Mortar Tracked Carrier (MTC) is jointly developed by the SAF, DSTA and Singapore Technologies Kinetics. Operating on a 4 men crew, the MTC's primary weapon is the ST Kinetics 120mm Super Rapid Advanced Mortar System (SRAMS), the world’s first recoiled mortar to incorporate a blast diffuser, greatly reducing the blast overpressure effect generated by mortars, thus allowing longer periods of firing
without injuring the crew. The MTC has a built-in Automatic Fire Control System (AFCS) comprising a Fire Control Unit and an Inertia Navigation System, allowing it to conduct immediate deployment without conventional surveying methods. A hydro-pneumatic Recoil System reduces the overall recoil force, thus allowing minimal reinforcement of the original hull structure, and post-firing stabilising time. This increases the rate of firing with improved accuracy.
The AFCS is also equipped with a Mortar Platoon Management System (MPMS), which enables it to be networked via the Battlefield Management System (BMS).

</doc>
<doc id="20780037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780037" title="It's a Casual Life">
It's a Casual Life

"It's a Casual life" is a British short film that was written by author and former "hooligan" Dougie Brimson .
Plot.
The film tells the story of Jimmy and his lifelong membership of the 'Saturday' or hooligan scene. Through a brutally honest monologue and series of dramatic and violent events, the film challenges the myths surrounding football hooliganism and explores Jimmy's past, passion and above all, motivation. Central to the story is Jimmy's love affair with the culture of football. We discover his resentment at the evolution of the Casual scene and the demise of everything it once stood for. Changes that ultimately arrive for Jimmy have long-lasting consequences.

</doc>
<doc id="20780042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780042" title="Yoshiro Abe">
Yoshiro Abe

Career statistics.
Last update: 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20780093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780093" title="Hong Kong residents">
Hong Kong residents

Hong Kong residents (), also called Residents of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, according to the Hong Kong Basic Law include permanent residents and non-permanent residents. Rights of Hong Kong residents are protected by the Basic Law such as freedom of speech, freedom of movement and freedom of religious belief.
Permanent residents.
Hong Kong permanent residents have the right of abode in Hong Kong and the right to vote in elections for the Legislative Council and the District Council. 
Under the Hong Kong Basic Law, permanent residents are:
1. Chinese citizens born in Hong Kong before or after the establishment of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region;
2. Chinese citizens who have ordinarily resided in Hong Kong for a continuous period of not less than seven years before or after the establishment of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region;
3. Persons of Chinese nationality born outside Hong Kong of those residents listed in categories (1) and (2);
4. Persons not of Chinese nationality who have entered Hong Kong with valid travel documents, have ordinarily resided in Hong Kong for a continuous period of not less than seven years and have taken Hong Kong as their place of permanent residence before or after the establishment of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region;
5. Persons under 21 years of age born in Hong Kong of those residents listed in category (4) before or after the establishment of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region; and
6. Persons other than those residents listed in categories (1) to (5), who, before the establishment of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, had the right of abode in Hong Kong only.
The status of permanent resident was first introduced into Hong Kong law on 1 July 1987 when it replaced Hong Kong belonger status in the Hong Kong Immigration Ordinance Cap 115.
Non-permanent residents.
Non-permanent residents of Hong Kong are persons qualified to obtain Hong Kong Identity Cards (HKID) but have no right of abode. According to the "Registration of Persons Ordinance" (chapter 177 of the "Laws of Hong Kong"), all residents of age 11 or above who are living in Hong Kong for longer than 180 days must, within 30 days of either reaching the age of 11 or arriving in Hong Kong, register for an HKID.
Non-permanent residents do not qualify for a Hong Kong passport but can obtain a Document of Identity to travel if they are unable to obtain a national passport or travel document from any other country.

</doc>
<doc id="20780115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780115" title="Takahiro Yamaguchi">
Takahiro Yamaguchi

Career statistics.
Last update: 25 May 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20780125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780125" title="Honour Chevron for the Old Guard">
Honour Chevron for the Old Guard

The Honour Chevron for the Old Guard, (), was a Nazi Party decoration worn by members of the SS. The silver chevron, which was worn on the upper sleeve on the right arm, was authorised by Adolf Hitler in February 1934. All members of the SS, who had joined the "Allgemeine-SS", NSDAP or any other party organisation prior to 30 January 1933 were entitled to wear the insignia. 
After the "Anschluss" in Austria, the Nazi Party authorized that the award could be worn by all Austrians who had joined the Austrian "National Socialist Workers' Party" (DNSAP) prior to 18 February 1938. 
Qualification was later extended to include any SS personnel who were former members of Nazi Security services, the "Ordnungspolizei" and "Wehrmacht", if they fulfilled certain conditions.
Those who wore the chevron were nicknamed "Winkelträger" () in German. This referred to the shape of the chevron and also that "Winkelträger" were supporting the regime, just as a bracket supports a shelf. 

</doc>
<doc id="20780127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780127" title="Gameface (album)">
Gameface (album)

Gameface is the debut studio album by Filipino pop/R&B singer Jay R, released in the Philippines in August 2003 by Universal Records. He produced the album together with Ray Brown and Troy Johnson, in partnership with NuLife and his record label. To date, the album has reached Platinum status by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI), denoting over 30,000 units sold in the country.
The album was made available on digital download through iTunes and Amazon.com on January 23, 2007.
Background.
At the age of sixteen, Jay R was already a member of a group called FI (First Impression). The group consisted of five members, including Jimmy Martinez (who came to Manila with Jay R and is now popularly known as Jimmy Muna). When the other members left the group, he and Muna replaced them with Kris Cadevida (later known as Kris Lawrence after winning ABS-CBN singing show "Search for the Star in a Million"). They did gigs in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Michigan. He, also, became the lead singer with his sister Jhing of another band that was led by his late uncle, Robert Sillona, called The Howlers. Later, his sister Jhing would collaborate with him in creating songs. He started performing gigs all around Southern California. He also did back-up vocals for major artists, whose albums were released in the United States, Latin America, Philippines and other territories. Later, he started co-writing songs with these international artists. He has collaborated with Ray Brown, Troy Johnson, Jason Edmonds, 3am, Steve Singer, Gary Brown, Triangle Productions, Dutch Cousin, Chuck Cymone and many other talented producers, even before he got the record deal with Universal.
Promotion.
As a debut artist, Jay R did several concerts and performances to promote his album. In April 2004, he accomplished his first ever three-night solo major concert which was entitled Gameface the Concert at the Music Museum. The concert showcased his vocal rhythm and harmony, performing with Mystreme band, and singing the most wanted hits of different genres. It was staged by popular concert director Louie Ignacio and Mon Faustino. The first concert was so successful, it was immediately followed by another one, entitled Gameface Reload, held at the Folk Arts Theater on September 25, 2004. The second concert featured special guests with big names in the industry, including Regine Velasquez, Ai Ai de las Alas, Kyla and Sandara Park.
Reception.
"Gameface" has proven Jay R as a breakthrough artist. It received positive reviews, both from music critics and listeners. It also performed well commercially, certifying Platinum by the PARI to date. Furthermore, it is one of the albums from the early 2000s that have brought back heavy R&B-hip hop to the OPM music scene. It has influenced current Filipino male R&B acts like Kris Lawrence and Duncan Ramos. In addition, he was compared to Gary Valenciano, described in terms of his vocal performance on the album. On September 9, 2004, the 17th Awit Awards was held, wherein he was nominated for three categories (Best Ballad, Song of the Year and Music Video of the Year). He won Best Ballad song, but lost the Song of the Year and Music Video of the Year awards to Parokya ni Edgar's "Mr. Suave". On the same year, he received two nominations on the MTV Pilipinas Music Awards (Favorite Male and Favorite New Artist) —where he won Favorite Male, but lost the other award to Bamboo. He was also named as the Most Promising Male Performer of the year 2004 by Aliw Awards.
Awards and nominations
Track listing.
"Repackaged" bonus tracks.
"Gameface" was re-issued in 2004 with two new tracks that were used as the album's final commercial singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20780146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780146" title="Ryuta Hara">
Ryuta Hara


</doc>
<doc id="20780167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780167" title="SS Empire Airman (1941)">
SS Empire Airman (1941)

Empire Airman was a 9,813 ton tanker which was built in 1941. She was renamed San Wenceslao in 1946 and served until 1959 when she was scrapped.
Description.
The ship was long, with a beam of and a depth of . She was propelled by a triple expansion steam engine which was built by the North East Marine Engineering Co (1938) Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. It could propel the ship at .
History.
"Empire Airman" was built by Sir J. Laing & Sons Ltd, Sunderland as yard number 739. She was launched on 18 November 1941 and completed in January 1942. "Empire Airman" was owned by the Ministry of War Transport and operated under the management of the Eagle Oil and Shipping Company.
War service.
"Empire Airman" was a member of a number of convoys during the Second World War.
Convoy HX 178 sailed from Halifax, Nova Scotia on 3 March 1942 and reached Liverpool on 17 March.
Convoy SL 112 sailed from Freetown on 4 June 1942 and reached Liverpool on 23 June. "Empire Airman" joined the convoy at sea, being en route from Aruba to Belfast laden with oil and motor spirit.
Convoy TAG 19 sailed from Aruba on 6 November 1942, arriving at Guantanamo on 11 November 1942.
Convoy KMS 5 sailed from the Clyde on 11 December 1942, and reached Gibraltar on 24 December and Bone on 27 December.
Convoy MKS 16A sailed from Tripoli on 29 June 1943 and reached Gibraltar on 6 July.
From 1944 "Empire Airman" was under charter to an American oil company to carry aviation fuel. She operated between Williamstown on the Yarra River and various Pacific islands, including New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
Post war service.
In 1945, "Empire Airman" was sold to her operators, who renamed her "San Wenceslao". She served for thirteen years and arrived for scrapping in Hong Kong on 20 July 1959.
Official number and code letters.
Official numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Airman" had the Official Number 169009 on Lloyd's Register and used the Code Letters BCWX

</doc>
<doc id="20780174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780174" title="Kraig Urbik">
Kraig Urbik

Kraig Urbik (born September 23, 1985) is an American football offensive guard/tackle for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Wisconsin after graduating from Hudson High School.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Urbik was considered one of the top guard prospects for the 2009 NFL Draft.
Urbik was selected in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft by the Pittsburgh Steelers. During his rookie season he remained largely inactive, losing the top backup guard position to rookie Ramon Foster. Urbik was waived on September 3, 2010.
Buffalo Bills.
Urbik was claimed off waivers on September 5, 2010.
Urbik is currently slated to start at right guard for them in 2012. The Buffalo Bills signed Urbik to a four-year contract extension locking him up through 2016 and is worth $13.3 million, including a $3.5 million signing bonus for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20780185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780185" title="Almir Aganović">
Almir Aganović

Almir Aganović is a Bosnian volleyball player at the highest national level.
Almir Aganović has played for most of his career with OK Kakanj, Bosnia's most successful professional volleyball club. With OK Kakanj he won the Premier League of Volleyball of Bosnia and Herzegovina 7 times, and National Cup of Bosnia and Herzegovina 10 times. He was captain of the OK Kakanj team which won the 2009-2010 national championship.
In 2011 he captained OK Kakanj in the club's 13th National Cup success. He has also won the Premier League of Volleyball of Bosnia and Herzegovina championship once with OK Napredak Odzak.
He plays as a spiker.

</doc>
<doc id="20780189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780189" title="Nobutaka Suzuki">
Nobutaka Suzuki

Career statistics.
Last update: 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20780191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780191" title="Brera Madonna">
Brera Madonna

The Brera Madonna (also known as the "Pala di Brera", the Montefeltro Altarpiece or Brera Altarpiece) is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Piero della Francesca, executed in 1472-1474. It is housed in the Pinacoteca di Brera of Milan, where it was deposited by Napoleon.
The work, of a type known as a sacra conversazione, was commissioned by Federico III da Montefeltro, Duke of Urbino, to celebrate the birth of Federico's son, Guidobaldo. According to other sources, it would celebrate his conquest of several castles in the Maremma.
Dating.
The painting was executed between 1472 to 1474; the "terminus ante quem" is established by the absence from Federico's figure of the insigna of the Order of the Garter, which he received in the latter year. When it was rediscovered at the Brera at the end of the 19th century, the painting was so disfigured by darkened varnish it was attributed to Fra Carnevale (Bartolomeo di Giovanni Corradini), as Piero's use of oil technique was not yet known.
Some sources suggest that the work was commissioned to celebrate the birth of Federico's son, Guidobaldo, who was born in 1472. According to this hypothesis, the Child could represent Guidobaldo, while the Virgin may have the appearance of Battista Sforza, Federico's wife, who died in the same year and was buried at San Bernardino.
Description.
The work represents a sacred conversation, with the Virgin enthroned and the sleeping Child in the middle, surrounded by a host of angels and saints. On the right low corner, kneeling and wearing his armor, the patron of arts, duke and condottiero Federico da Montefeltro. The background consists of the apse of a church in Renaissance classical style, which is rendered in such meticulous perspective that the feigned depth of the coffer-vaulted apse at the rear can be calculated. At the center, hanging by a thread from the apse shell is an egg, emblem alike of Mary's fecundity and the promise of regeneration and immortality.
The Child wears a necklace of deep red coral beads, a color which alludes to blood, a symbol of life and death, but also to the redemption brought by Christ. Coral was also used for teething, and often worn by babies. The saints at the left of the Madonna are generally identified as John the Baptist, Bernardino of Siena (dedicatee of the paintings's original location) and Jerome; on the right would be Francis, Peter Martyr and Andrew. In the last figure, the Italian historian Ricci has identified a portrait of Luca Pacioli, a mathematician born in Sansepolcro like Piero della Francesca. The presence of John the Baptist would be explained as he was the patron saint of Federico's wife, while St. Jerome was the protector of Humanists. Francis, finally, would be present as the painting was originally thought for the Franciscan church of San Donato degli Osservanti, where Federico was later buried.
Modern cleaning has revealed the great detail in characters' clothes, the angels' jewels, Federico's reflective armor and the oriental carpet beneath the feet of the Virgin, reflecting the influence of Early Netherlandish painting.
The apse ends with a shell semi-dome from which an ostrich egg is hanging. The shell was a symbol of the new Venus, Mary (in fact it is perpendicular to her head) and of eternal beauty. According to another hypothesis, the egg would be a pearl, and the shell would refer to the miracle of the Immaculate conception (the shell generates the pearl without any male intervention). The egg is generally considered a symbol of the Creation and, in particular, to Guidobaldo's birth; the ostrich was also one of the heraldic symbols of the Montefeltro family.
According to Italian art historian Carlo Ludovico Ragghianti, the work has been cut down on both sides, as shown by the portions of entablatures barely visible in the upper corners.

</doc>
<doc id="20780240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780240" title="Marga, Tabanan">
Marga, Tabanan

Marga is a district ("kecamatan") of Tabanan Regency, Bali, Indonesia.
It is the location of the Battle of Marga, where Indonesian National Hero I Gusti Ngurah Rai was killed by Dutch forces during the Indonesian Revolution. This battle, in which 96 Indonesians were killed, has been characterized by Balinese writers as a Puputan, such as those of 1906-08.

</doc>
<doc id="20780243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780243" title="Thomas Chapman (bishop)">
Thomas Chapman (bishop)

Thomas Alfred Chapman (1867 - 1949) was an eminent Anglican Bishop in the first half of the twentieth century.
Life.
Educated at Exeter College, Oxford, he was ordained in 1890 and began his ecclesiastical career as a Curate at Charles Church, Plymouth. After this he was Vicar of St John, Carlisle and then Rural Dean of East Bristol. In 1899 he returned to Charles to be Rural Dean of the Three Towns and then a decade later became Rural Dean of Bolton before a 11 year spell as Bishop of Colchester.

</doc>
<doc id="20780247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780247" title="Stephen Petterson">
Stephen Petterson

Stephen Kelly Petterson, MNZM (born 2 August 1957 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a competitive rifle shooter from New Zealand. A veteran of four Olympic Games and five Commonwealth Games, he has won a total of four gold medals and a silver medal at the Commonwealth Games.
He was the flag bearer for New Zealand at the closing ceremony of the 1994 Commonwealth Games.
In the 1999 New Year Honours, Petterson was made a MNZM, for services to smallbore rifle shooting.

</doc>
<doc id="20780248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780248" title="Bodbrane">
Bodbrane

Bodbrane is an ancient farmstead hamlet in central Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated about three miles (5 km) south of Liskeard in the civil parish of Duloe.
History.
Bodbrane is mentioned in the Domesday Book (with the placename "Bodbran") and two dozen people are named including Godric the Priest.
The Cornwall County Council list of manors which had land in the ancient parishes includes the manor of Bodbrane in Bodmin parish.
A typescript of the Court Rolls of the manor of Bodbrane from 1406-1583 (translated and edited by Oswald J. Reichel and dated 1906) is held in the collection of the Devon and Cornwall Record Society [http://genuki.cs.ncl.ac.uk/DEV/DCRS/].
Documents held by the Cornwall Record Office (CRO) dated 1558 show the manor of Bodbrane being held by John Arundell. However in 1814, it was recorded that:
John Grigg.
Forty years later, heir John Grigg became a notable émigré from Bodbrane. According to the "Dictionary of New Zealand Biography"[http://www.mch.govt.nz/projects/web/dnzb.html]: 
Grigg began farming in New Zealand at Longbeach (south of Christchurch) and his family farm the same estate to this day. In 1882, Longbeach farm supplied some of the first shipment of frozen meat to England.

</doc>
<doc id="20780266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780266" title="Ryota Nagata">
Ryota Nagata

Career statistics.
As of 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20780270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780270" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1951–1957">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1951–1957

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1951 and 1957. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20780276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780276" title="Battle of Guanzhong (1861)">
Battle of Guanzhong (1861)

The Battle of Guanzhong (關中攻防戰) occurred during the Taiping Revolution that took place in November 1861. When Taiping's Western Army was defeated at Wuhan, they forfeited their connection with their capital of Nanjing. Former Western Army Commander Chen Yucheng then decided to resupply at Guanzhong.
Some of their soldiers were from the Nien Rebellion, so Yucheng decided not to provide them with supplies, as he was uncertain of their loyalty.
Background.
On August 22, the Xianfeng Emperor of the Qing Dynasty died at age 30. General Guan Wen, ordered the stationary Green Standard Army, consisting of 500,000 men, to move to Eastern Henan to guard the capital at Beijing.
However, the campaign began to look like an ambush to Chen. His uncle Chen Decai did not obey Chen's order. In November 1861, Chen Decai directed an offensive in southern and western Henan that he easily won. The attack created a long front for the Taiping Western Army. At the time, Chen Yucheng commanded only the remaining 50,000 of the Taiping Western Army and guarded its tail, but was surrounded by the 150,000 strong Qing army in Hefei.
When Chen Decai discovered it had been a trick he went back to save Chen Yucheng, but was too late. Chen Yucheng and his entire force were destroyed in May 1862.
Battle of Anqing.
The Battle of Anqing was intense and ended on September 5, 1861. The loss cost the Western Army 90,000 men and severely affected their morale.
Chen Yucheng]believed that they could recover Anqing in a short time, but his generals disagreed.
Death of Hu Linyi.
News of the death of the Xianfeng Emperor encouraged the Governor of Hubei, Hu Linyi, to attempt the recovery of Anqing for Qing. However, he died from depression on September 30. Chen Yucheng was excited because Hu Linyi was the most formidable of his enemies.
Fatigue.
n important factor in the actions of the Western Army was their own fatigue after many years of fighting. A series of losses damaged troop morale, and so an escape from the fighting was desired. However, the supply of soldiers and food could have just been an excuse by Chen Yucheng.
Taiping's third and last western offensive.
The Taiping army had been raised three times in large scale western offensives. The first was in Hunan and Hubei in 1853, led by Qin Rigang, Shi Dakai and Lai Hanying, with an army of over 300,000. The second offensive took place in Wuhan in 1855, led by Wei Jun, Chen Yucheng] and Yang Fuqing; this offensive was the largest, with over 700,000. The final was the Battle of Guanzhong in 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="20780285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780285" title="The Biggest Loser">
The Biggest Loser

The Biggest Loser is a reality television show which started in the U.S. in 2004. The show centers on overweight contestants attempting to lose the most weight and to fight for a cash prize. There are different variations of "The Biggest Loser" around the world. Each country has made its own adaptation to the show; however, the contestants always have the same goal: to lose the highest percentage of weight (or most weight) to become the Biggest Loser.
A similar programme, Operation: Transformation, airs on Irish television on RTE One, however it does not have a competitive format.
International versions.
There have been 78 winners of "The Biggest Loser" worldwide, with the most recent being Zu Jiaze from "The Biggest Loser (China)".
"Biggest Loser" records.
Jodie Prenger from The Biggest Loser UK Series 2 was the first female biggest loser worldwide losing 46.85% of her original body weight
Other media.
"The Biggest Loser RunWalk" is the official race series of "The Biggest Loser". Dan and Jackie Evans from Season Five are the national spokespeople.
"The Biggest Loser" is a video game for Wii and Nintendo DS. It was released in North America on October 6, 2009 and Europe on November 13, 2009.
"The Biggest Loser: Ultimate Workout" is a video game for Xbox 360 which uses its Kinect camera. Developed by Blitz Games and published by THQ, it was released in North America on November 4, 2010 and Europe on November 10, 2010.
"The Biggest Loser: Challenge" is a video game for Wii released on November 4, 2010 in North America and November 12, 2010 in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20780296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780296" title="Yuya Nakamura">
Yuya Nakamura

Career statistics.
As of 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20780305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780305" title="Robin H. Carle">
Robin H. Carle

Robin H. Carle served as the thirty-first Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives. Ms. Carle was the first woman to hold the position.
Biography.
Ms Carle is a native of New Mexico. She attended Macalester College in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
She was executive Secretary then Chief of Staff for the Department of Health and Human Services under George H. Bush.
Ms Carle joined The Century Council after leaving the U.S. House of Representatives. She became senior vice president at Fleishman-Hillard in 2004. She joined Dr. Louis W. Sullivan at the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies in 2007. Ms. Carle is now the Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer at The Sullivan Alliance to Transform the Health Professions.

</doc>
<doc id="20780309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780309" title="Satoru Hayashi">
Satoru Hayashi

Career statistics.
Last update: 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20780316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780316" title="Triumph Motorcycles">
Triumph Motorcycles

Triumph Motorcycles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20780318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780318" title="Cymbium">
Cymbium

Cymbium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20780340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780340" title="Beauty Turner">
Beauty Turner

Beauty Turner (1957–2008) was a Chicago housing activist and journalist. At the time of her death, she was compared to the civil rights leader Ida B. Wells.
Career.
Turner was well known for her "Ghetto Bus Tours" which gave a voice to those who were unable to. She was a columnist for the Hyde Park Herald and a number of other local newspapers. She was also an activist in the community. Towards the end of her career, Turner worked as a research assistant for Professor Sudhir Venkatesh, a sociologist at Columbia University. Her writings have appeared on the front page of the Wall Street Journal.
Awards and honors.
Turner won a number of awards through her career as a journalist which include:
Personal.
For 16 years, Turner lived in the Robert Taylor Homes, one of the nation's most well known public housing. She had a son named Landon Turner.
Death.
Turner died on December 18, 2008 at the age of 51. She suffered from an aneurysm and fell into a coma and never recovered. She died at Rush University Medical Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20780342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780342" title="Bodella">
Bodella

Bodella is a settlement in central Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is situated half-a-mile southwest of St Dennis in an area of china clay quarries.

</doc>
<doc id="20780394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780394" title="Robert Whitcombe">
Robert Whitcombe

The Rev Robert Henry Whitcombe (1862–1922) was an eminent Anglican Bishop in the early decades of the twentieth century. Educated at Winchester and New College, Oxford, from 1886 to 1899 he was a schoolmaster at Wellington College and then Eton. After this he was Rector of Hardwick, Buckinghamshire and then Vicar of Romford before a 13-year spell as Bishop of Colchester from 1909. A memorial window to him is situated on the south wall of St Mary at the Walls, Colchester.

</doc>
<doc id="20780396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780396" title="Deb Obarski">
Deb Obarski

Debbie Obarski (born December 10, 1969) is an American female singer, best known as the frontwoman of the Ozzy Osbourne tribute bands The Little Dolls and Diary of a Madwoman, as well as a short stint with The Iron Maidens.
Biography.
Deb Obarski was born and raised in San Jose, California, where she took up singing through her sister and grandmother, as well as in church and school choirs.
At the age of 21, Obarski began her career as a cover band singer. Two years later, she moved to Los Angeles, where she performed a handful of her original compositions at coffee houses. Eventually, she joined a local cover band before it disbanded a year later. Shortly after recording a demo of her original songs, Obarski retired from the music scene for 10 years - eventually marrying, buying a home and divorcing within that time span.
Not too long after her divorce, Obarski returned to her musical roots, singing with a heavy metal cover band part-time before joining the all-female Ozzy Osbourne tribute band The Little Dolls (named after a song from Osbourne's second album "Diary of a Madman") from 2006 to 2009. As the frontwoman of the Dolls, her stage name was "Blizzy Osbourne", a wordplay on Osbourne's solo debut "Blizzard of Ozz". In addition, she fronted another Osbourne tribute band called Diary of a Madwoman from 2007 to 2009.
On July 2008, Obarski joined The Iron Maidens ("World's Only Female Tribute to Iron Maiden") to tour Kuwait and Iraq after their lead vocalist Aja Kim departed from the band. As a substitute musician, she continued to tour with the Maidens in the U.S. for the remainder of the year, as they continue to hold auditions for a new vocalist.
Obarski continues to write songs, mainly contemporary Christian music. She currently runs a cover band called CoverLand (featuring members of the Metallica tribute Damage Inc. and the Judas Priest tribute Just Like Priest). In addition, she occasionally plays the role of in the Queensrÿche tribute Empÿre. While not performing on stage, she works as a massage therapist.
Aside from Osbourne, Obarski cites Pat Benatar as a musical influence.

</doc>
<doc id="20780402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780402" title="Turkish Embassy, Brasília">
Turkish Embassy, Brasília

The Embassy of the Turkey in Brasília () is Turkey's diplomatic mission to Brazil. It is located at Naçoes Avenue, Q.805, Brasília.
The current Turkish Chargé d'Affaires to Brazil is Ahmet Gürkan.

</doc>
<doc id="20780407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780407" title="Shoma Kamata">
Shoma Kamata

Career statistics.
Last update: 22 March 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20780408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780408" title="List of schools in Negeri Sembilan">
List of schools in Negeri Sembilan

This is a list of schools in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. It is categorized according to the variants of schools in Malaysia, and is arranged alphabetically.
National type schools.
A) Primary Schools 
a. Tamil Schools: "Sekolah Jenis Kebangsaan Tamil (SJKT)

</doc>
<doc id="20780416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780416" title="Frederiksstaden">
Frederiksstaden

Frederiksstaden is a district in Copenhagen, Denmark. Constructed during the reign of Frederick V in the second half of the 18th century, it is considered to be one of the most important rococo complexes in Europe and was included in the 2006 Danish Culture Canon.
It was developed to commemorated the 300 years jubilee of the House of Oldenburg ascending to the Danish throne. A. G. Moltke was in charge of the project and Nicolai Eigtved was the main architect.
Frederiksstaden has Amalienborg Palace and Frederik's Church at its center and together they create an axis that was extended with the creation of the new Copenhagen Opera House in 2005 on the other side of the harbor basin. The district is characterized by straight broad streets in a straight-angled street layout. The streets are lined by bourgeois houses, mansions and palaces.
Another important building in the district is the royal Frederiks Hospital which was Denmark's first hospital in the present-day meaning of the word. It now houses the Danish Museum of Art & Design.

</doc>
<doc id="20780435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780435" title="Creuddyn, Ceredigion">
Creuddyn, Ceredigion

Creuddyn was a medieval commote (Welsh: "cwmwd") and, later, a lordship in Ceredigion, Wales. It was located between the rivers Ystwyth and Rheidol, and was one of the three commotes of Cantref Penweddig. The name, of Old Welsh origin, probably refers to the Pen Dinas hill fort, anciently known as Dinas Maelor. The natural centre of the commote was Llanfihangel y Creuddyn where five roads meet at the village. The name survives in the name of a rural community and church of the same name; however the modern community is much smaller than the medieval commote.
History.
Several princes of Deheubarth ruled in medieval Kingdom of Ceredigion, including Creuddyn. Rhys ap Gruffydd's grandson Maelgwn Fychan (d. 1257) battled for control of the area; Gwenllian (d. 1254) died at Llanfihangel-y-Creuddyn. Either Maelgwn or his grandsons Llywelyn or Rhys may have been responsible for building the large 13th century church which still stands today.

</doc>
<doc id="20780473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780473" title="Victor Tognola">
Victor Tognola

Victor Tognola is a film director.
(Cheiron) At a very early age he begins by writing a series of stories for the literary page of Libera Stampa published the best of the Italian Culture, from Carlo Bo to Leonardo Sciascia, his creative talents expanding to radio, journalism, television, cinema and advertising.
At the same time he starts his radiophonic activity in the glorious Radio Monte Ceneri where he creates a successful show called La Luna si è rotta (The moon is broken), a milestone in the history of the radio. 
In the 1970s he moves to Milan where he writes for the newspaper Il Giorno and cooperates with RAI, where he is asked to realize A briglia sciolta (At full gallop), the Italian continuation of La Luna si è rotta (main actors: Franco Passatore, the great Angiolina Quinterno and Pinuccia Galimberti). From 1990 to 1995 he is a member of the Heptagon Foundation together with Justus Dahinden, Arbert Ernst and Ernst Hiestand. Between 1997 and 1999 he organizes three editions of The Crystals of Locarno International Film Festival. In 1998 he is an active consultant for the Federal Commission for Professional and Technological Formation. 
For what concerns Advertising Industry, he is first a member of the Mc Cann Erickson’s agency in Milan, and then he establishes in Switzerland the Frama Films Ideas & Co.. He also joins the Art Directors Club in Zurich, Switzerland and conceives, produces and directs more than 3000 commercials. 
During his career, he wins around onehundred prizes; among them: 13 Lions at the Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival, the Berliner Klappe in Berlin, and the Grand Award in New York. His Araldit (Novartis) commercial is considered to be one of the 3 most beautiful commercials of all times; it is the only one to have won both a Golden Lion and a Grand Prix at Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival.
Victor Tognola also directs The Great Illusionist, a movie selected in Venice, and the TV cartoons series The most beautiful Tales and Chlorophyll from the blue sky, both drawn by Adelchi Galloni.
He has recently conducted anthropological researches in the field, the documentary trilogy Biasca Contro being a precursor of the new local vision for what concerns the collection and the protection of an area’s memory. Follow in this direction the series entitled Mysterious Switzerland and Crazy Switzerland, the hidden land. 
Some other documentaries
Bern is beautiful (Albert Einstein & Paul Klee) - Krebsliga (The Cancer) - 
Ascona Ascona Monte Verità Karl Gustav Jung - Hermann Hesse - Rudolf Steiner - Mircea Eliade - Joseph Campbell) - 
Ticino Serenade (Grace Bumbry – Walther Giller – Caterina Valente – Fiorenza Cossotto) -
Frama loves you - Dan muna kayo (Philippines) - Mata Hari (Indonesia) – Swissair in Concert (Kennedy Center Washington – Orchestre de la Suisse Romande, directed by Wolfgang Sawallisch) - Frama loves you 2 - La collina dei morti - La Krenscia - Silvesterchläuse in Urnaesch - Radio Monte Ceneri - Evil Spirits of Switzerland.
Some personages with whom he enjoyed long conversations for Radio and TV:
Vladimir Nabokov – John Steinbeck – Wilhelm Backhaus - Hermann Scherchen – Claudio Arrau - Joan Crawford – Lale Andersen - Albert Hoffman – Satya Sai Baba – S. Baghavantam – Narayana. Kasturi – Vinayak Krishna Kokak - Alexander Shulgin and Ann Shulgin – Ralph Metzner - Pierre Lévy – Rolf Verres – Carl P. Ruck - Derrick de Kerckhove - Benoit Mandelbrot – Wolf-Dieter Storl - Christian Rätsch – Ellemire Zolla – Eduardo De Filippo - Simon Wiesenthal - Pier Paolo Pasolini.
Features Films
Illusion ( director) – (Dino Conti- Adelheid Koch, Milva, Valerie Lush) - FIADE – prize for the best actress Adelheid Koch – selected at the Festival of Venice and Karlovy Vary. 
The Knie Circus ( director), episode of the film Visages Suisses of the 700th of the Swiss Confederation’s Foundation.
La prossima volta il fuoco ( Et ensuite le feu) ( Co-producer) – Fabio Carpi (Director), Luigi Malerba (writer), Marie-Christine Barrault, Jacqueline Lustig, Lila Kedrova, Jean Rochefort 
Publishing
The little donkey and the wolf and other fables – Aesop rewritten by V. Tognola - Suhrkamp, with original drawings by Adelchi Galloni 
The most beautiful fables of the world - Otto Maier Verlag Text by V. Tognola, drawings taken by the TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="20780476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780476" title="Max Seela">
Max Seela

Max Seela (15 July 1911 — 31 July 1999) was an SS-"Obersturmbannführer" (lieutenant colonel) in the "Waffen-SS" during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Max Seela was born on 15 July 1911 at Schöneiche near Berlin. After leaving school in 1929 he went into the "Reichswehr" (German Army) and was then transferred into the SS-VT in 1935. His SS service number was 257,323 and his NSDAP number was 147,126. In September 1935 he joined the SS Pioneer Battalion.
World War II.
By October 1939 Seela had been given command of the 3rd Company, SS Pioneer Battalion "Totenkopf", (3rd SS Division Totenkopf). He was awarded the Iron Cross, 2nd class, in May 1940 and the Iron Cross, 1st class, in June 1940. He took part in the invasion of the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa) and was awarded the German Cross in Gold in December 1941.
Seela was awarded the Knight's Cross in May 1942, while he was a "Hauptsturmführer" (captain) and in command of 3rd Company, SS Pioneer Battalion "Totenkopf". Despite severe losses and meager supplies, his unit defended the Russian village of Korowitsch (east of Staraya Russa) in the Demyansk Pocket for one month. Seela and his men prevented the village from being captured, denying the Soviet Army access to the crucial bridge over the Lovat River.
In July 1942, Seela was given command of the 3rd SS Pioneer Battalion "Totenkopf" until April 1944 when he was appointed commander of the II SS Panzer Corps Pioneers. He was then given command of the 19th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment, 9th SS Panzer Division "Hohenstaufen".
On 8 May 1945, Seela was captured by American forces and became a prisoner of war.
Post war.
Max Seela died in Ratingen, at the age of 88 on 31 July 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20780478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780478" title="Farmers' League">
Farmers' League

Farmers' League (, BdL, ) was an ethnic German agrarian political party in Czechoslovakia. Ideologically the party was moderately conservative, having its base in the Sudetenland countryside. The party was led by Franz Spina. "Landjugend" was the youth wing of the party. In the 1920 election, the party won 11 seats (3.9% of the nationwide vote).
In the 1925 election, BdL won 24 parliamentary seats (8% of the vote). Following the election, BdL joined the Czechoslovak government. Spina became a national minister. After having entered the government the party began cooperation with the Czechoslovak agrarians.
In the 1929 election, the BdL parliamentary presence was halved. The party got 12 seats, having got 4% of the national vote.
After the DNP and DNSAP had been banned in October 1933, the political atmosphere in Sudetenland changed. The BdL came under pressure from rightwing radicals in "Landjugend", and formed a movement called "Landstand" led by Gustav Hacker (the leader of "Landjugend"). "Landstand" was formed with the intention of enabling cooperation with the "Sudetendeutsche Heimatfront" (SHF). Through the creation of "Landstand", it is possible that BdL sought to pre-empt competition from SHF in the Sudetenland countryside. BdL hoped to achieve a division of labour between "Landstand" and SHF, thinking that SHF would mobilize urban populace and BdL/"Landstand" would retain their dominance over rural German politics. These overtures to the SHF caused rifts in the Czechoslovak government. The DSAP (German Social Democrats), who were also in the government, were particularly worried and called upon BdL to differentiate themselves from 'the fascists'. In the end, BdL was side-lined as the Czechoslovak agrarians began to cooperate directly with SHF. "Landstand" became a short-lived movement.
In the 1935 election, BdL gathered 1.7% of the national vote. The party got five parliamentary seats. The party suffered badly from the competition from the Sudeten German Party (SdP), the new incarnation of SHF. After the election, BdL began to reorient itself towards cooperation with democratic forces, declaring their support to Edvard Beneš as president just before the election. But the party suffered continuously from defections from its ranks.
In the new scenario, BdL was divided into two fractions. One led by Hackner, who had become chairman of the party, and another led by Spina. After the "Anschluß" of Austria, Hacker called on all BdL members to join SdP. The situation in BdL became more and more chaotic. On March 22, 1938, Hacker proclaimed himself as the 'plenipotentiary' of BdL, and went on to declare the party to merged into SdP. The Spina-led fraction tried to regroup, but failed to reconstruct the BdL.

</doc>
<doc id="20780486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780486" title="Heteropoda dagmarae">
Heteropoda dagmarae

Heteropoda dagmarae is a large species of spider in the Sparassidae family. This species is found in northern and central Laos. The spider is nocturnal and lives in forests. It hunts by ambushing its prey from shrubs, trees, and bamboo about two to four meters above the ground. It was not recorded as a new species until 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20780500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780500" title="USS PC-1181">
USS PC-1181

USS "PC-1181 was a built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was later renamed Wildwood" (PC-1181) but never saw active service under that name.
Career.
"PC-1181" was laid down on 5 October 1942 at Gibbs Gas Engine Co. in Jacksonville, Florida and launched on 15 April 1943. She was commissioned as USS "PC-1181" on 17 September 1943 at Charleston Navy Yard in Charleston, South Carolina. She was decommissioned on 18 August 1946 and given the name "Wildwood" on 15 February 1956. She was never recommissioned and therefore did not have the USS prefix to her name while she was named "Wildwood". She was struck from the Navy Register on 1 April 1956 and sold for scrap.
USS "PC-1181" was fitted out at the Charleston Navy Yard and then reported for shakedown training out of Miami, Florida and later sonar and antisubmarine warfare training at the Fleet Sonar School at Key West.
With her training complete, USS "PC-1181" set out from Key West to escort Convoy KN-275 to New York City on 6 November 1943. The convoy successfully arrived on 11 November, Armistice Day.
The following week on 19 November, "PC-1181" was charged with escorting Convoy NG-399 to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. One day out she suffered an oil leak and was put into Norfolk, Virginia to undergo repairs. The convoy proceeded without her. Two days later, with repairs completed, USS "PC-1181" resumed course and rejoined the convoy before it reached Guantanamo Bay on 27 November.
On 30 November "PC-1181" set sail for New York with Convoy GN-99, reaching her destination on 6 December. She quickly set out to sea again, escorting Convoy NG-404 to Guantanamo Bay. She was tasked with breaking away from the convoy to escort a lagging merchant who had fallen behind from the rest of the convoy. "PC-1181" didn't reach her destination until 20 December.
"PC-1181" set sail for New York once again on Christmas Day and arrived on New Year's Day, 1944. On 6 January, she set out with Convoy NG-409 to Guantanamo Bay, but once again broke away to stand by a disabled merchant ship, "SS Beta" which had developed engine problems. After the merchant ship repaired her engines, both ships set course to rejoin the convoy. At 2132 hours on 12 January, "PC-1181"'s sonar operators picked up a contact and began search operations. However, another submarine chaser, "PC-618" picked up an even stronger contact and "PC-1181" was called off her search to assist "PC-618" in her search. The search returned no results and both ships broke off the search to return to the convoy, completing the voyage on 15 January.
"PC-1181" continued escorting convoys between New York City and Guantanamo Bay. Her area of operation expanded to include convoys from Guantanamo Bay to the Panama Canal in May 1944. As the war in the Atlantic and Europe drew to a close in the spring of 1945, the convoy system was disbanded as the need for military escorts became obsolete.
With the convoy system no longer needed, "PC-1181" was reassigned to Submarine Squadron 3, serving as a target vessel during training missions for submarines operating in the Gulf of Mexico out of Panama. She continued operating in the gulf until the war with Japan ended in August 1945. With the war over, "PC-1181" was reassigned to the defense forces of the Panama Canal. She conducted patrols and training operations out of Panama until June 1946. She was ordered back to Key West, arriving there on 13 July. She was later decommissioned there on 18 August 1946.
As a decommissioned ship, "PC-1181" served as a training ship for the Naval Reserve units in Key West and St. Petersburg, Florida, until 1950 when she was placed in reserve at Brownsville, Texas. Later, she was shifted to the Atlantic Reserve Fleet's berthing area at Norfolk, Virginia and was named "Wildwood" on 15 February 1956. She was never commissioned as "Wildwood". She was struck from the Navy Register on 1 April 1959 and sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="20780517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780517" title="Clontarf Beach State High School">
Clontarf Beach State High School

Clontarf Beach State High School (CBSHS), opened 1964, is a co-educational, public high school based in Clontarf in Queensland, Australia. Clontarf State Primary School is located not far from it. The current Principal is Lisa Starmer. The school's enrolment in 2008 was approximately 1148. In December 2008 the number was 1240. In 2008 Clontarf High was in the news for being in the most disrepair, however since then money has been spent making the school even safer for students and up grading the classrooms. Recently the school has built new tennis and futsal courts on the school oval and converted the old tennis courts into a one-of-a-kind Marine Science EcoCentre..
Academic.
Clontarf Beach State High School currently enrolls students in Years 8–12. The junior school is years 8-10 and the senior school is years 11 and 12.
Uniform.
Clontarf's formal uniform consists of a grey buttoned dress shirt with the school acronym on the shirt pocket with white socks and leather lace up shoes for the girls, grey shorts and grey shirt for the boys with long knee high socks and leather lace up shoes. In 2009 the school adopted a new sports uniform. It is mostly dark green and has yellow and blue stripes on the sides and a yellow and blue collar, while the dark green shorts and white socks have been retained from the old uniform.
Sport.
Clontarf has a proud history of sporting achievements that has unfortunately been reduced to mainly on-campus sport in recent years. The school competes against other schools in the district of Redcliffe such as Redcliffe State High School, Southern Cross Catholic College, Grace Lutheran College and Mueller College in years 8 and 9. Students can enroll in the year 8 and 9 soccer development program and also compete competitively against other schools in various sports like rugby league, soccer, netball, Rugby Union and basketball.
Notable alumni.
Wayne Grady (Golf)

</doc>
<doc id="20780526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780526" title="WRGC-FM">
WRGC-FM

WRGC, 88.3 FM, is a public radio station licensed to and operated by Georgia College in Milledgeville, Georgia. The station is an affiliate of Georgia Public Broadcasting (GPB) and its format includes classical and jazz music, NPR news and locally-produced programs. 
Coverage area.
WRGC's coverage area includes Baldwin and Putnam Counties as well as portions of Hancock, Jasper, Jones, Morgan, and Wilkinson Counties. The station is also simulcast on Milledgeville’s Governmental/Educational access channel, MBC-TV4 on Charter Communications.
History.
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) issued a construction permit for WRGC in late November 2008. The station is 4.8 kW effective radiated power, at 117m HAAT, approximately equivalent to the maximum class A facility as defined by the FCC. In 2010, Georgia College received a matching grant for equipment and the university remodeled a facility on its West Campus to house the radio station. The radio station began broadcasting on March 31, 2011.
Callsign.
Until late May 2009, the station was originally assigned broadcast callsign WXGC, the same callsign as was previously used from 1979 until February 1997 by WGUR FM 88.9, a student radio station also owned by Georgia College. WGUR continues to operate as a student-run station. 

</doc>
<doc id="20780529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780529" title="Type 96 Armored Personnel Carrier">
Type 96 Armored Personnel Carrier

The is an armoured vehicle that entered service with Japan in 1995.
Description.
The driver sits on the right side of the vehicle with the engine to his left. His position is fitted with three periscopes, the center of which can be replaced by a passive night vision periscope. For service in Iraq it appears that his position was fitted with an assembly of three windows to enable him to drive with his head out of the vehicle for greater situational awareness while still protected from small-arms fire. Behind him is the commander/gunner in a cupola that traverses 360° that can carry either a 40 mm grenade launcher (Type A) or a .50 caliber (12.7 mm) M-2HB machine gun (Type B). The passenger compartment has space for 8 infantrymen who can use 2 firing ports on each side. Photographic evidence shows no sign of any firing ports in the rear ramp despite numerous assertions to the contrary, unless they've been deleted or added at some point during the production run.
As of 2001 Japan reported to the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs that 72 Type 96s were in service, with an additional 22 procured that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20780539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780539" title="Boderwennack">
Boderwennack

Boderwennack is a settlement and its surrounding area in south Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is situated in the civil parish of Wendron half-a-mile south of Wendron village, two miles (3.5 km) north of Helston.

</doc>
<doc id="20780554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780554" title="Rel homology domain">
Rel homology domain

The Rel homology domain (RHD) is a protein domain found in a family of eukaryotic transcription factors, which includes NF-κB, NFAT, among others. Some of these transcription factors appear to form multi-protein DNA-bound complexes. Phosphorylation of the RHD appears to play a role in the regulation of some of these transcription factors, acting to modulate the expression of their target genes. The RHD is composed of two immunoglobulin-like beta barrel subdomains that grip the DNA in the major groove. The N-terminal specificity domain resembles the core domain of the p53 transcription factor, and contains a recognition loop that interacts with DNA bases. The C-terminal dimerization domain contains the site for interaction with I-kappaB.

</doc>
<doc id="20780562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780562" title="Endemic Species in Slovakia">
Endemic Species in Slovakia

This article is on plant species endemic to Slovakia.
A) Tatry.
(Západné, Výsoké and Belianske) Horec Ľadový–Gentiana frigida Haenke grows sporadically in part shade on snow covered places, especially on noncalcite stones in Alpin level. It blooms from July to September.
Basic information:
Danger: Leaves of plant are poisonous if ingested
Sun Exposure: Shadow / half sun
Bloom Color: White-dark green-yellow
Bloom Time: Summer 
Foliage: Evergreen, glossy-textured
Leaves: Comparatively long, green
Large: disproportional
B) Slovenský raj.
Poniklec Slovenský–Pulsatilla slavica G.Reuss developed into the form we see today during the end of the Pleistocene and the beginning of the Holocene era. It grows on grassy meadowlands, in hilly regions or mountain ranges. It is endemic in Slovakia but has been also found in neighboring areas
Basic information:
Danger: No poison
Sun Exposure: Full Sun
Bloom Color: Purple, deep purple
Bloom Time: Summer / late summer
Leaves: Comparatively short, thin, very light green
Large: disproportional
C) Muránska planina.
Lykovec Muránsky–Daphne arbuscula Čelak It is a paleoendemic taxon. It survived glacial periods on highly located stones. It’s located on ridges and terraces, from 590 to 1300 meters above sea level.
Basic information:
Danger: All parts of plant are poisonous if ingested
Sun Exposure: Full and half Sun
Bloom Color: Pink, light pink if lack of sun
Bloom Time: Early summer
Foliage: Delicate and dark or black
Leaves: Thick, very fresh green Large: up to 60 cm
D) Súľovské skaly.
Soldanelka Karpatská–Soldanella carpatica Vierh. Soldanelka probably evolved during the Pleistocene period. This taxon grows in Súlovské skaly (lowest location 400m.n.m.) and we can find it in Tatry (highest location 2650m.n.m) as well. The biggest colonies were found above the forests.
Basic information:
Danger: No poison
Sun Exposure: Full Sun
Bloom Color: Violet, pale blue
Bloom Time: Late winter/early spring
Foliage: Evergreen
Leaves: Very small, light green
Large: from 30 to 40 cm

</doc>
<doc id="20780564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780564" title="Christian Wegner Haaland">
Christian Wegner Haaland

Christian Wegner Haaland (6 February 1892–1952) is a Norwegian ship-owner and politician for the Conservative Party.
Haaland started his own shipping company in 1914. From 1937 to 1940 he was the president of the Norwegian Shipowners' Association.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from the Market towns of Vest-Agder and Rogaland counties during the term 1945–1949. On the local level he was the mayor of his birth town Haugesund in 1925, 1928–1931 and 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20780565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780565" title="Roy Winfield Harper">
Roy Winfield Harper

"Roy" Winfield Harper (July 26, 1905 – February 13, 1994) was a Federal Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern and Western Districts of Missouri. He was born in Dunklin County, Gibson, Missouri, and died in Saint Louis County, Chesterfield, Missouri.
Biography.
"Roy" Winfield Harper was the oldest child of Marvin H. Harper, Sr. and Minnie Belle Brooks. He married Ruth Butt on July 30, 1941 in Missouri, daughter of Arthur and Sara Butt. His wife was born on December 31, 1913 in Mississippi County, Blytheville, Arkansas, and died February 4, 2007 in Saint Louis County, Saint Louis, Missouri. A funeral service for Roy Winfield Harper was held at 11:00 a.m. Wednesday, February 16, 1994 at Ladue Chapel located at 9450 Clayton Road in Saint Louis County, Saint Louis, Missouri. Graveside services were held at 10:00 a.m. Thursday, February 17, 1994, at Mount Zion Cemetery in Pemiscot County, Steele, Missouri with Reverend Tom Zych officiating. Burial was on Thursday, February 17, 1994 in the Harper burial site at Mount Zion Cemetery in Pemiscot County, Steele, Missouri immediately after the graveside services.
Federal Judicial Service.
Harper was twice appointed by recess appointment and then rejected by the United States Senate before being confirmed after the third recess appointment.
He received a recess appointment from President Harry S Truman on August 7, 1947, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri vacated by John Caskie Collet. Harper was formally nominated on November 24, 1947, but his initial term of service end on December 19, 1947, after his nomination was not confirmed by the United States Senate. Harper received a second recess appointment from Truman to the same seat the next day, this time serving until June 22, 1948, with his service terminating after the nomination was not confirmed by the Senate.
Harper received his third and final recess appointment from Truman on the same day as the second one terminated. Truman formally nominated Harper again on January 13, 1949, and this time Harper was confirmed by the Senate on January 31, 1949, received his commission on February 2, 1949. Harper assumed senior status on January 5, 1971, and served in that capacity until his death in 1994
Judge Manuscript Information.
Harper, "Roy" Winfield
Missouri Historical Society
St. Louis, Mo.
Roy W. Harper family papers, 1950–1990.
7 boxes; collection contains case files, printed opinions, correspondence, and miscellaneous papers. The collection remained unprocessed as of August 1997.
University of Missouri and the State Historical Society of Missouri Western Historical Manuscript Collection Columbia, Mo.
Paul Caruthers Jones papers, 1943–1969; 60 ft.; finding aid; 13 folders pertaining to Harper.
Forrest Smith papers, 1940–1953; 6,658 folders, 11 vols., and 8 card files; finding aid;
represented.
George A. Spencer papers, 1948–1960; 653 folders, 9 boxes, and 1 vol.; finding aid; restricted; represented.

</doc>
<doc id="20780578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780578" title="Bodgate">
Bodgate

Bodgate is a farmstead in Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is situated in North Petherwin civil parish about half-a-mile north of North Petherwin village, five miles (8 km) north-west of Launceston.

</doc>
<doc id="20780583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780583" title="Pulse!">
Pulse!

Pulse! was a tabloid magazine published by Tower Records which contained record reviews, interviews and advertising. Initially, it was given away free in their stores to promote their record sales. After nine years, in 1992, the magazine began national distribution with a cover price of $2.95, but was cancelled when the company discontinued U.S. operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20780586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780586" title="Limantepe">
Limantepe

The town of Limantepe, sometimes spelled Liman Tepe, on Turkey's western coast is the site a prehistoric (Bronze Age) settlement that includes an ancient port dating from 2500 years located underwater offshore. The area is situated in the urban zone of the coastal town of Urla near İzmir. 
The harbor settlement was inhabited starting from 6000 years ago and was equipped with a fortification wall partially submerged in the sea. The settlement changed significantly over time, and is one of the oldest known artificial harbors in the Aegean Sea. The underwater find includes vessels and urns that are believed to have arrived at the port from Greece and maybe Cyprus via the Black Sea.
The archaeological site was discovered by Ekrem Akurgal in 1950, and its exploration has been pursued on land and underwater since 1979 by an international team and many of the artifacts discovered are currently on display in İzmir Archaeology Museum. It is very close but separate from the site of Klazomenai, inhabited as of the Iron Age and which itself had changed location several times during its history in the same area between the mainland and Karantina Island across its coastline. Iraeli archaeologists and divers including students from Haifa University have helped investigate.
Cultural layers.
Three important cultural layers apart from those of the classical period have been encountered at Limantepe up to the present, as well as evidence for the presence of Chalcolithic remains. The lowest layer belongs to the Early Bronze Age and dates from the 3rd millennium B.C. onwards. Three phases of this layer have been excavated so far and the number of phases is expected to increase as the excavations proceed. The second cultural layer consists of five phases that belong to the Middle Bronze Age and which dates from the first half of the 2nd millennium B.C. onwards. 
Evidence from these two early periods indicate cultural ties notably with the nearby prehistoric sites of Tepekule, Bayraklı within the city of İzmir ("which was later to form the core of "Old Smyrna"") and with Panaztepe site at the mouth of the River Gediz ("later Hermus during the Classical Age"), and perhaps also influences from central Anatolia.
The third layer belongs to the Late Bronze Age and covers the time period from the 14th to the 13th century B.C., roughly contemporary with the Trojan War. Some of the artifacts discovered from this period reflect a cultural proximity with the Mycenean culture. 
Consequently, along with remains from the Classical Age in Klazomenai, Limantepe reflects a history of 4000 years. It is argued that this could make Limantepe the oldest, as well as the longest inhabited center of the Aegean coast of Anatolia. One of the most important finds at the site was made in 2007 when a wooden merchant ship anchor dating from the 7th century B.C. and which is likely to be the oldest ever found, was discovered wedged in the sea ground during the underwater explorations of Limantepe.

</doc>
<doc id="20780587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780587" title="Maurice Ransford">
Maurice Ransford

Maurice Ransford (3 August 1896 – 25 August 1968) was an American art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
He was born in Terre Haute, Indiana and died in San Diego, California.
Selected filmography.
Ransford was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20780611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780611" title="Francis Clay">
Francis Clay

Francis Clay (November 16, 1923 – January 21, 2008), was a jazz and blues drummer, best known for his work behind Muddy Waters in the '50s and '60s and as an original member of the James Cotton band. Clay's jazz-influenced style is cited as an influence by many of the British Invasion rock 'n' rollers of the '60s such as Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood of the Rolling Stones and Faces, respectively.
Born and raised in Rock Island, Illinois, he started playing jazz, professionally at the age of 15, played drums behind many of the biggest names of 20th century popular American music. 
In his career, Clay claimed to have backed Gypsy Rose Lee, and played with Jay McShann and Charlie Parker early on and with Jimi Hendrix while in New York's Greenwich Village. He can be heard on recordings including John Lee Hooker's "Live at the Cafe Au Go-Go" and can be seen and heard on documents from the Waters band's 1960 Newport Jazz Festival appearance and on albums issued by the El Cerrito, California Arhoolie label by Big Mama Thornton and Lightning Hopkins, among many others.
Clay made his home in San Francisco in the late 1960s and became a part of the music scene in the Bay Area throughout the rest of his life. His birthday parties at the Biscuits and Blues nightclub were an annual gathering of the tribe, and he was known also as "the ambassador" at the annual San Francisco Blues Festival, where he was the subject of a tribute in 2007, and mourned in 2008.
Clay claimed to have been deprived of recognition for his compositional contributions to the Waters oeuvre. Songs he claimed to have composed and/or arranged included "Walking in the Park," "She's Nineteen Years Old" and "Tiger in Your Hole."

</doc>
<doc id="20780612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780612" title="Mildred Griffiths">
Mildred Griffiths

Mildred Griffiths (20 January 1894 – 24 May 1949) was an American set decorator. She was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "National Velvet".

</doc>
<doc id="20780613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780613" title="Timothy Mark Burgess">
Timothy Mark Burgess

Timothy Mark "Tim" Burgess (born 1956) is an American lawyer and judge. He is currently a judge on the United States District Court for the District of Alaska.
Burgess was born in San Francisco, California. He received an A.A. degree from Canada College in 1976. He then attended the University of Alaska Fairbanks on a basketball scholarship, earning a B.A. degree in 1978 and an M.B.A. in 1982. He received his J.D. from Northeastern University School of Law in 1987. He went into private practice in Anchorage, Alaska with the law firm then known as Gilmore & Feldman from 1987 to 1989.
Burgess served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the District of Alaska from 1989 to 2001 and then as the United States Attorney until 2005. He was nominated by George W. Bush on July 28, 2005 to the seat on the United States District Court for the District of Alaska vacated by James Keith Singleton, Jr.. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 21, 2005 and received commission on January 23, 2006.
Burgess and his wife Joanne Grace reside in Anchorage and have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="20780614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780614" title="Irisbus Arway">
Irisbus Arway

Irisbus Arway (SFR160) is a class of buses produced by Irisbus, bus division of Iveco, in plant in Vysoké Mýto, Czech Republic.
Arway is a bus for suburban routes. It was designed to replace the models MyWay (original IVECO model) and Ares (original Renault model), whence the name Arway. It is provided with a climatisation system, Hi-Fi system and also, on demand, a board for handicapped people. It has two doors, the central one available in single or double format.
The engine is an IVECO Cursor 8, Euro 4 standard, with a 7,880 cc displacement, developing a power of 330 or 380 hp, depending on the version. The first Arways were delivered in France in 2006. In Italy, it is in service with public transport companies at Piacenza, Ferrara, Brescia and Lodi and in Spain can be found in public transport companies of, for example, Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="20780643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780643" title="Everything. Now!">
Everything. Now!

Everything. Now! is the debut album by Swedish singer Pelle Carlberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20780653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780653" title="Alpinisms">
Alpinisms

Alpinisms is a debut album by School of Seven Bells. It was originally released on October 28, 2008 through Ghostly International, and re-released on July 14, 2009 through Vagrant Records in the U.S. Vagrant also released the "Deluxe Edition" featuring 9 bonus tracks on October 13, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20780671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780671" title="Victor Cullen Center, Old Administration Building">
Victor Cullen Center, Old Administration Building

The Victor Cullen Center, Old Administration Building is a historic building located at Sabillasville, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, stone and frame structure located on a hillside with four stone chimneys, two on each gable end. The building was built originally to house the Maryland Tuberculosis Sanitorium, the first state sponsored institution of its type in Maryland.
It was designed by architects Wyatt & Nolting in Colonial Revival style.
The Victor Cullen Center was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20780673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780673" title="Angela Beesley Starling">
Angela Beesley Starling

Angela Beesley Starling (born 3 August 1977) is a co-founder of Wikia, and its former vice president for community relations. Involved in Wikipedia since 2003, Beesley was elected to the Board of Trustees of the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation in 2004, and re-elected in 2005. During this time, she was active in editing content and setting policy, such as privacy policy, within the Foundation. She resigned from the board in July 2006.
In October 2004, Beesley founded a for-profit Wiki hosting service with Jimmy Wales called Wikia. She also sits on the advisory board of the media archive Ourmedia. Since 21 February 2006, she has been a member of the Communications Committee of the Wikimedia Foundation. She is a member of the Foundation's Advisory Board. She contributed a chapter to the book "Wikis: Tools for Information Work and Collaboration".
Beesley grew up in Maidstone and Colchester and was admitted to a Bachelor of Science honours degree in human psychology from Aston University in 2000, where she started studies in 1996. Before joining the board of the Wikimedia Foundation, she had worked at the Aston Dyslexia and Developmental Assessment Centre and the National Foundation for Educational Research, based in Berkshire. On 8 February 2012, Beesley announced she was leaving Wikia to launch a startup called ChalkDrop.com, an Australian company selling material for educational activities for children.

</doc>
<doc id="20780674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780674" title="2005 NCAA Division I-AA football season">
2005 NCAA Division I-AA football season

The 2005 NCAA Division I-AA football season, part of the college football season, began on September 1, 2005 and concluded on December 16, 2005 in Chattanooga, Tennessee, where the Appalachian State Mountaineers defeated the Northern Iowa Panthers to win the NCAA Division I-AA Football Championship.
Rule changes for 2005.
There are several rules that have changed for the 2005 season. Following are some highlights:
Final poll standings.
Standings are from The Sports Network final 2005 poll.

</doc>
<doc id="20780681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780681" title="Iveco MyWay">
Iveco MyWay

Iveco MyWay (later known as Irisbus MyWay) was a class of buses produced by Iveco and then by Irisbus, from 1999 to 2006.
MyWay is a bus for extraurban routes. Designed to replace the Iveco EuroRider, it was produced in an only version with a length of 12 meters, the only option regarding the central door, which could be single or double. Units produced from 1999 to 2001 had the IVECO brand, with a FIAT AIFO Engine with a power of 350 HP. Starting from 2002, the buses were provided with a new Cursor engine, with power of 310 or 352 HP. The MyWay had 55 or 53 seats, depending from the type of the central door. 
The MyWay was replaced by the new Irisbus models Arway and Crossway in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20780702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780702" title="Sodomy">
Sodomy

Sodomy is generally anal sex, oral sex or sexual activity between a person and a non-human animal (bestiality), but may also include any non-procreative sexual activity. Originally, the term "sodomy" was commonly restricted to anal sex, and is derived from the story of Sodom and Gomorrah in chapters 18 and 19 of the "Book of Genesis" in the Bible. Sodomy laws in many countries criminalized not only these behaviors, but other disfavored sexual activities as well. In the Western world, however, many of these laws have been overturned or are not routinely enforced.
Terminology.
The term comes from the Ecclesiastical Latin: "peccatum Sodomiticum", or "sin of Sodom" and is derived from the Greek word "Sódoma". The Book of Genesis (chapters 18-20) tells how God wished to destroy the sinful cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Two angels (literally "messengers") are invited by Lot to take refuge with his family for the night. The men of Sodom surrounded Lot's house and demanded that he bring the messengers out, so that they can "know" them. Lot protests that the "messengers" are his guests, and offers them his virgin daughters instead, but the Sodomites threaten to "do worse" with Lot than with his guests; whereupon the angels strike the Sodomites blind, "so that they wearied themselves to find the door." (Genesis 19:4-11, KJV)
In current usage, the term is particularly used in law. Laws prohibiting sodomy were seen frequently in past Jewish, Christian, and Islamic civilizations, but the term has little modern usage outside Africa, the Islamic countries and the United States. In the various criminal codes of the U.S., the term "sodomy" has generally been replaced by the term "deviant sexual intercourse", which is described as any form of penetrative intercourse or cunnilingus between unmarried persons. These laws have been challenged and have sometimes been found unconstitutional or been replaced with different legislation. Elsewhere, the legal use of the term "sodomy" is restricted to rape cases where anal penetration has taken place.
Many cognates in other languages, such as French (verb ), Spanish (verb ) and Portuguese (verb ), are used exclusively for penetrative anal sex, at least since the early nineteenth century. In those languages, the term is also often current vernacular (not just legal, unlike in other cultures) and a formal way of referring to any practice of anal penetration; the word "sex" is commonly associated with consent and pleasure with regard to all involved parties and often avoids directly mentioning two common aspects of social taboo – human sexuality and the anus  – without a shunning or archaic connotation to its use.
In modern German, the word "Sodomie" has no connotation of anal or oral sex, and refers specifically to bestiality. ("See Paragraph 175 StGB, version of June 28, 1935".) The same goes for the Polish "sodomia". The Norwegian word "sodomi" carries both senses.
In Arabic and Persian, the word for sodomy, لواط (Arabic pronunciation: "liwāṭ"; Persian pronunciation "lavât"), is derived from the same source as in Western culture, with much the same connotations as English (referring to most sexual acts prohibited by the Qur'an). Its direct reference is to Lot (لوط "Lūṭ" in Arabic), and a more literal interpretation of the word is "the practice of Lot", but more accurately it means "the practice of Lot's people" (the Sodomites) rather than Lot himself.
The word "sod", a noun or verb (to "sod off") used as an insult, is derived from "sodomite." It is a general-purpose insult term for anyone the speaker dislikes without specific reference to their sexual behaviour. "Sod" is used as slang in the United Kingdom and Commonwealth and is mildly offensive.
While religion and the law have had a fundamental role in the historical definition and punishment of sodomy, sodomitical texts present considerable opportunities for ambiguity and interpretation. Sodomy is both a real occurrence and an imagined category. In the course of the eighteenth-century what is identifiable as sodomy often becomes identified with effeminacy, for example, or in opposition to a discourse of manliness. In this regard, Ian McCormick has argued that 'an adequate and imaginative reading involves a series of intertextual interventions in which histories becomes stories, fabrications and reconstructions in lively debate with, and around, 'dominant' heterosexualities ... Deconstructing what we think we see may well involve reconstructing ourselves in surprising and unanticipated ways.'
History.
Hebrew Bible.
In the Hebrew Bible, Sodom was a city destroyed by God because of the evil of its inhabitants. No specific sin is given as the reason for God's great wrath. The story of the Sodom's destruction — and of Abraham's failed attempt to intercede with God and prevent that destruction — appears in Genesis 18–19. 
The connection between Sodom and homosexuality is derived from the depicted attempt of a mob of city people to rape Lot's male guests. Some suggest the sinfulness of that, for the original writers of the Biblical account, might have consisted mainly in the violation of the obligations of hospitality.
This view does not take into account that before the "guests" arrived in the city Genesis 18:v17 and any "hospitality" could have been rendered, its destruction was already planned. (In The Book of Judges, 19-21, there is an account, similar in many ways, where Gibeah, a city of the Benjamin tribe, is destroyed by the other tribes of Israel in revenge for a mob of its inhabitants raping and killing a woman.)
Many times in the Pentateuch and Prophets, writers use God's destruction of Sodom to demonstrate His awesome power. This happens in Deuteronomy 29, Isaiah 1, 3, and 13, Jeremiah 49 and 50, Lamentations 4, Amos 4.11, and Zephaniah 2.9. Deuteronomy 32, Jeremiah 23.14 and Lamentations 4 reference the sinfulness of Sodom but do not specify any particular sin. Specific sins which Sodom is linked to include adultery and lying (), impenitence (), careless living (), fornication ( KJV), and an overall "filthy" lifestyle (), which word ("aselgeiais") elsewhere is rendered in the KJV as lasciviousness (; ; ; ; ), or wantonness: (; ).
In Ezekiel 16, a long comparison is made between Sodom and the Kingdom of Israel. "Yet you have not merely walked in their ways or done according to their abominations; but, as if that were too little, you acted more corruptly in all your conduct than they." (Ezekiel 16.47 New American Standard Bible)
There is no explicit mention of any sexual sin in Ezekiel's summation, and "abomination" is used to describe many sins.
The Authorized King James Version translates as "There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel, nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel," but the word corresponding to "sodomite" in the Hebrew original, Qadesh (Hebrew:קדש) does not refer to Sodom, and has been translated in the New International Version as "shrine prostitute"; male shrine prostitutes may have served barren women in fertility rites rather than engaging in homosexual acts; this also applies to other instances of the word sodomite in the King James Version.
Roman Empire period.
New Testament.
The New Testament, like the Old Testament, references Sodom as a place of God's anger against sin, but the Epistle of Jude provides a certain class of sin as causative of its destruction, the meaning of which is disputed.
The Greek word in the New Testament from which the phrase is translated "giving themselves over to fornication", is "ekporneuō" ("ek" and "porneuō"). As one word it is not used elsewhere in the New Testament, but occurs in the Septuagint to denote whoredom (Genesis 38:24 and Exodus 34:15). Some modern translations as the NIV render it as "sexual immorality."
The Greek words for "strange flesh" are "heteros", which almost always basically denotes "another/other," and "sarx," a common word for "flesh," and usually refers to the physical body or the nature of man or of an ordinance.
Epistle of Jude.
The Epistle of Jude in the New Testament echoes the Genesis narrative and potentially adds the sexually immoral aspects of Sodom's sins: '…just as Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding cities, which likewise indulged in sexual immorality and pursued unnatural desire, serve as an example by undergoing a punishment of eternal fire'. (v. 7, English Standard Version). The phrase rendered "sexual immorality and unnatural desire" is translated "strange flesh" or "false flesh", but it is not entirely clear what it refers to.
One theory is that it is just a reference to the “strange flesh” of the intended rape victims, who were angels, not men. Countering this is traditional interpretation, which notes that the angels were sent to investigate an ongoing regional problem(Gn. 18) of fornication, and extraordinarily so, that of a homosexual nature, "out of the order of nature." "Strange" is understood to mean "outside the moral law", (; ) while it is doubted that either Lot or the men of Sodom understood that the strangers were angels at the time.
Philo.
The Hellenistic Jewish philosopher Philo (20 BC - 50 AD) described the inhabitants of Sodom in an extra biblical account:
"As men, being unable to bear discreetly a satiety of these things, get restive like cattle, and become stiff-necked, and discard the laws of nature, pursuing a great and intemperate indulgence of gluttony, and drinking, and unlawful connections; for not only did they go mad after other women, and defile the marriage bed of others, but also those who were men lusted after one another, doing unseemly things, and not regarding or respecting their common nature, and though eager for children, they were convicted by having only an abortive offspring; but the conviction produced no advantage, since they were overcome by violent desire; and so by degrees, the men became accustomed to be treated like women, and in this way engendered among themselves the disease of females, and intolerable evil; for they not only, as to effeminacy and delicacy, became like women in their persons, but they also made their souls most ignoble, corrupting in this way the whole race of men, as far as depended on them" (133-35; ET Jonge 422-23).
Josephus.
The Jewish historian Josephus used the term “Sodomites” in summarizing the Genesis narrative: “About this time the Sodomites grew proud, on account of their riches and great wealth; they became unjust towards men, and impious towards God, in so much that they did not call to mind the advantages they received from him: they hated strangers, and abused themselves with Sodomitical practices” "Now when the Sodomites saw the young men to be of beautiful countenances, and this to an extraordinary degree, and that they took up their lodgings with Lot, they resolved themselves to enjoy these beautiful boys by force and violence; and when Lot exhorted them to sobriety, and not to offer any thing immodest to the strangers, but to have regard to their lodging in his house; and promised that if their inclinations could not be governed, he would expose his daughters to their lust, instead of these strangers; neither thus were they made ashamed." ("Antiquities" 1.11.1,3 — circa AD 96). His assessment goes beyond the Biblical data, though it is seen by conservatives as defining what manner of fornication (Jude 1:7) Sodom was given to.
Medieval Christendom.
The primarily sexual meaning of the word "sodomia" for Christians did not evolve before the 6th century AD. Roman Emperor Justinian I, in his novels no. 77 (dating 538) and no. 141 (dating 559) amended to his Corpus iuris civilis, and declared that Sodom's sin had been specifically same-sex activities and desire for them. He also linked "famines, earthquakes, and pestilences" upon cities as being due to "such crimes", during a time of recent earthquakes and other disasters (see Extreme weather events of 535–536). He may have also used the anti-homosexual laws he enacted upon personal and political opponents, in case he could not prove them guilty of anything else.
While adhering to the death penalty by beheading as punishment for homosexuality or adultery, Justinian's legal novels heralded a change in Roman legal paradigm in that he introduced a concept of not only secular but also divine punishment for homosexual behavior. Individuals might ignore and escape secular laws, but they could not do the same with divine laws, if Justinian declared his novels to be such.
Christians earlier than Justinian are also seen to denounce same-sex relations. St. John Chrysostom in the 4th century regarded such as worse than murder in his fourth homily on while Paul the Apostle in the "Epistle to the Romans" referred to same sex relations as ""shameful lust"" and which acts were contrary to nature, with men suffering a ""due penalty"" in their bodies. Just like the Jews, early Christians prior to Justinian I are not known to have used the word "sodomia" for the carnal sin they abhorred, though Philo of Alexandria (20 BC - 50 AD) and Methodius of Olympus (AD 260-312) attributed homosexual relations to Sodom, as may have Josephus, (AD 37 – c. 100) Augustine of Hippo, (AD 354-430) and certain pseudepigraphacal texts.
Justinian's interpretation of the story of Sodom may have been forgotten today (as some hold it had been, along with his law novellizations regarding homosexual behavior immediately after his death) had it not been made use of in fake Charlemagnian capitularies, fabricated by a Frankish monk using the pseudonym Benedictus Levita ("Benedict the Levite") around 850 AD, as part of the Pseudo-Isidore. Benedict's three capitularies particularly dealing with Justinian's interpretation of the story of Sodom were:
It was in these fake capitularies where Benedictus utilized Justinian's interpretation as a justification for ecclesiastical supremacy over mundane institutions, thereby demanding burning at the stake for carnal sins in the name of Charlemagne himself. Burning had been part of the standard penalty for homosexual behavior particularly common in Germanic protohistory (as according to Germanic folklore, sexual deviance and especially same-sex desire were caused by a form of malevolence or spiritual evil called "nith", rendering those people characterized by it as non-human fiends, as "nithings"), and Benedictus most probably was of the Germanic tribe of the Franks.
Benedict broadened the meaning for "sodomy" to all sexual acts not related to procreation that were therefore deemed "counter nature" (so for instance, even solitary masturbation and anal intercourse between a male and a female were covered), while among these he still emphasized all interpersonal acts not taking place between human men and women, especially homosexuality.
Benedict's rationale was that the punishment of such acts was in order to protect all Christianity from divine punishments such as natural disasters for carnal sins committed by individuals, but also for heresy, superstition and heathenry. According to Benedictus, this was why all mundane institutions had to be subjected to ecclesiastical power in order to prevent moral as well as religious laxity causing divine wrath.
For delaying reasons described in the article Pseudo-Isidore, but also because his crucial demands for capital punishment had been so unheard of in ecclesiastical history priorly based upon the humane Christian concept of forgiveness and mercy, it took several centuries before Benedict's demands for legal reform began to take tangible shape within larger ecclesiastical initiatives.
This came about with the Medieval Inquisition in 1184. The sects of Cathars and Waldensians were a common target, and these heretics were not only persecuted for alleged satanism but were increasingly accused of fornication and sodomy. In 1307, accusations of sodomy and homosexuality were major charges levelled during the Trial of the Knights Templar. Some of these charges were specifically directed at the Grand Master of the order, Jacques de Molay. It is this event, which led into the medieval and early-modern witch hunts that were also largely connoted with sodomy.
Persecution of Cathars and the Bogomiles sect in Bulgaria led to the use of a term closely related to "sodomy": "buggery" derives from French "bouggerie", meaning "of Bulgaria".
The association of "sodomy" with hereticism, satanism, and witchcraft was supported by the Inquisition trials. The resulting infamy of sodomy motivated a continuing discrimination and persecution of homosexuals and sexual deviants in general long after the Medieval period had ended. 
The Book of Wisdom, which is included in the Biblical canon by Orthodox and Roman Catholics, but excluded by modern Jews, Protestants, and other Christian denominations, makes reference to the story of Sodom, further emphasizing that their sin had been failing to practice hospitality:
Sodomy laws in 18th-century Europe.
An examination of trials for rape and sodomy during the 18th century at the Old Bailey in London shows that the treatment of rape was often lenient, while the treatment of sodomy was often severe. However, the difficulty of proving that penetration and ejaculation had occurred meant that men were often convicted of the lesser charge of 'assault with sodomitical intent', which was not a capital offence.
In France in the 18th century, sodomy was still theoretically a capital crime, and there are a handful of cases where sodomites were executed. However, in several of these, other crimes were involved as well. Records from the Bastille and the police lieutenant d'Argenson, as well as other sources, show that many who were arrested were exiled, sent to a regiment, or imprisoned in places (generally the Hospital) associated with moral crimes such as prostitution. Of these, a number were involved in prostitution or had approached children, or otherwise gone beyond merely having homosexual relations. Ravaisson (a 19th-century writer who edited the Bastille records) suggested that the authorities preferred to handle these cases discreetly, lest public punishments in effect publicize "this vice".
Periodicals of the time sometimes casually named known sodomites, and at one point even suggested that sodomy was increasingly popular. This does not imply that sodomites necessarily lived in security - specific police agents, for instance, watched the Tuileries, even then a known cruising area. But, as with much sexual behaviour under the Old Regime, discretion was a key concern on all sides (especially since members of prominent families were sometimes implicated) - the law seemed most concerned with those who were the least discreet.
In 1730, there was a wave of sodomy trials in the Netherlands; some 250 men were summoned before the authorities; 91 faced decrees of exile for not appearing. At least 60 men were sentenced to death.
The last two Englishmen that were hanged for sodomy were executed in 1835. James Pratt and John Smith died in front of the Newgate Prison in London on 27 November of that year. They had been prosecuted under the Offences against the Person Act 1828, which had replaced the 1533 Buggery Act.
Modern sodomy laws.
United States.
In the 1950s, all states had some form of law criminalizing sodomy, and in 1986 the United States Supreme Court ruled that nothing in the United States Constitution bars a state from prohibiting sodomy. However, state legislators and state courts had started to repeal or overturn their sodomy laws, beginning with Illinois in 1961, and thus in 2003, only 10 states had laws prohibiting all sodomy, with penalties ranging from 1 to 15 years imprisonment. Additionally, four other states had laws that specifically prohibited same-sex sodomy.
On June 26, 2003, the U.S. Supreme Court in a 6-3 decision in "Lawrence v. Texas" struck down the Texas same-sex sodomy law, ruling that this private sexual conduct is protected by the liberty rights implicit in the due process clause of the United States Constitution, with Sandra Day O'Connor's concurring opinion arguing that they violated equal protection. ("See Sodomy law.)" This decision invalidated all state sodomy laws insofar as they applied to noncommercial conduct in private between consenting civilians and overruled its 1986 ruling in "Bowers v. Hardwick" which upheld Georgia's sodomy law.
In the U.S. military, the United States Army Court of Criminal Appeals has ruled that the "Lawrence v. Texas" decision applies to Article 125 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, the statute banning sodomy. In "United States v. Stirewalt": "CRAWFORD, Chief Judge (concurring in part and in the result):I agree with the result in this case but I “would reserve for another day the questions of whether and how Lawrence Texas, 539 U.S. 558 (2003) applies to the military.”1 Like United States v. Marcum, “the factual differences between Lawrence and Appellant’s case are striking” for the reasons mentioned by the majority as well as the circumstances surrounding the charges themselves". Stirewalt's conviction of sodomy stood due to the circumstances surrounding the crime. The court went on to say that despite "Lawrence"'s application to the military, Article 125 can still be upheld in cases where there are "factors unique to the military environment" which would place the conduct "outside any protected liberty interest recognized in "Lawrence"." Examples of such factors could be fraternization, public sexual behavior, or any other factors that would adversely affect good order and discipline. "United States v. Meno" and "United States v. Bullock" are two known cases in which consensual sodomy convictions have been overturned in military courts under the "Lawrence" precedent.
World religions.
Views on sodomy in contemporary world religions.
Christianity.
The traditional interpretation sees the primary sin of Sodom as being homoerotic sexual acts, connecting the Sodom narrative with Leviticus 18, which lists various sexual crimes, which, according to verses 27 and 28, would result in the land being “defiled”:
Some scholars, such as Per-Axel Sverker, align this passage with the traditional interpretation, claiming that the word abomination refers to sexual misconduct, and that while homoerotic acts were not the only reason Sodom and Gomorrah were condemned, it was a significant part of the picture.
Others, the earliest of whom was Derrick Sherwin Bailey, claim that this passage contradicts the traditional interpretation altogether. In their view the sins of Sodom were related more to violation of hospitality laws than sexual sins.
The primary word in contention is the Hebrew word "yâda‛" used for "know" in the Old Testament. Biblical scholars disagree on what "know" in this instance refers to, but most of conservative Christianity interprets it to mean "sexual intercourse", while the opposing position interprets it to mean "interrogate." Lot's offering of his two virgins has been interpreted to mean that Lot is offering a compromise to assure the crowd that the two men have no untoward intentions in town, or that he is offering his virgins as a substitute for the men to "know" by sexual intercourse.
Those who oppose the interpretation of sexual intent toward Lot's guests point out that there are over 930 occurrences of the Hebrew word (yâda‛) for "know" in the Old Testament, and its use to denote sexual intercourse only occurs about a dozen times, and in the Septuagint it is not rendered sexually. Countering this is the argument that most of the uses of "yâda‛" denoting sex is in Genesis, (including once for premarital sex: Genesis 38:26), and in verse 8 sex the obvious meaning. Its use in the parallel story in Judges 19 is also invoked in support of this meaning, with it otherwise providing the only instance of "knowing" someone by violence.
Judaism.
Classical Jewish texts are seen by many as not stressing the homosexual aspect of the attitude of the inhabitants of Sodom as much as their cruelty and lack of hospitality to the "stranger." The 13th-century Jewish scholar Nachmanides wrote, “According to our sages, they were notorious for every evil, but their fate was sealed for their persistence in not supporting the poor and the needy.” His contemporary Rabbenu Yonah expresses the same view: “Scripture attributes their annihilation to their failure to practice "tzedakah" or justice.” 
Prohibitions on same-sex activities among men (#157) and bestiality (#155-156) are among the 613 commandments as listed by Maimonides in the 12th century; however, their source in Leviticus 18 does not contain the word "sodomy." The idea that homosexual intercourse was involved as at least a part of the evil of Sodom arises from the story in Genesis 19
That is the NIV translation. () The Hebrew verb used is "to know," which can have a sexual meaning in the Bible, but doesn't always, and might have a sexual meaning here, judging from Lot's shocked reaction:
Islam.
While the Quran clearly disapproves of the sexual practices of the "people of Lot," ("What, of all creatures do ye come unto the males, and leave the wives your Lord created for you?"), only one passage can be interpreted as taking a particular legal position towards such activities: "As for the two of you who are guilty thereof, punish them both; and if they repent and improve, then let them be. Lo, God is relenting, merciful." Hadith (reports of Muhammad's sayings and deeds from those close to him in his lifetime) on the subject are inconsistent, with different writers interpreting the Prophet in different ways. Shariah (Islamic law) defines sodomy outside marriage as adultery or fornication or both, and it thus attracts the same penalties as those crimes (flogging or death), although the exact punishment varies with schools and scholars. In practice, few modern Muslim countries have legal systems based fully on shariah, and an increasing number of Muslims do not look to shariah but to the Quran itself for moral guidance. For sodomy within marriage the majority of Shiite interpreters hold that (l) anal intercourse, while strongly disliked, is not "haram" (forbidden) provided the wife agrees, and (2), if the wife does not agree, then it is preferable to refrain.
Despite the formal disapproval of religious authority, the segregation of women in Muslim societies and the strong emphasis on virility leads adolescents and unmarried young men to seek sexual outlets with males younger than themselves. Not all sodomy is homosexual, but for many young men heterosexual sodomy is considered better than vaginal penetration, and female prostitutes report the demand for anal penetration from their (male) clients.

</doc>
<doc id="20780707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780707" title="Lino Masarie">
Lino Masarie

Arzelino 'Lino' Masarie (10 October 1912 — 9 August 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Lino Masarie was born on the 10 October 1912, he volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf".
He was in command of the 1st Company, 3rd SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion, before taking over command of the Reconnaissance Battalion in 1942. He was awarded the Knight's Cross while in command of this Battalion in April 1943.
He was wounded three times during his service in May 1942, August 1943 and died of wounds in August 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20780708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780708" title="Acorn Hall">
Acorn Hall

Acorn Hall is an 1853 Victorian Italianate mansion located in Morristown, Morris County, New Jersey, United States, that is on the National Register of Historic Places. It serves as the headquarters of the Morris County Historical Society, which operates Acorn Hall as a historic house museum.
Named for the two-centuries-old oak tree formerly standing on its property, Acorn Hall was built in 1853 by the Schermerhorn family as a simple four-room over four-room farmhouse. Following the death of Mrs. Schermerhorn in 1854, Dr. Schermerhorn put the house and its contents up for sale. It was purchased in 1857 by the Augustus Crane family of New York. The Cranes in 1860 had the house enlarged and remodeled in the then-fashionable Italianate Villa style. After being passed down through several generations, the house was gifted to the Historical Society in 1971 by Mary Crane Hone. Historians have recognized Acorn Hall for its authentic mid-Victorian era furnishings, primarily pieces from the Schermerhorn and Crane-Hone families, supplemented with significant objects from other prominent Morris County families of the 19th century. Carpeting, wall coverings, and decorative paint techniques remain as they were in the nineteenth century.
Acorn Hall also offers an exhibit gallery with changing exhibits highlighting various aspects of Morris County history and Victorian culture.
In addition to the National Register of Historic Places, Acorn Hall is on the New Jersey State Register, and is part of the NJ Women's History Trail, in recognition of the importance of the Crane and Hone women in both preservation and the women's suffrage movement. The grounds are also connected to the Morris County Park Commission's Patriot's Path system of trails.

</doc>
<doc id="20780709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780709" title="Brewin Dolphin">
Brewin Dolphin

Brewin Dolphin plc is one of the largest British investment management and financial planning firms with 39 offices throughout the UK and Channel Islands, with £26 billion under management. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. The company also has a wholly owned subsidiary Tilman Brewin Dolphin Limited, which is based in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. 
History.
The business can trace its origins back to the establishment of the stockbroking firm of John Dawes, a founder of the London Stock Exchange, in 1762. His firm evolved through many partner changes to become Wontner, Dolphin & Francis in 1970. In 1974 Brewin & Co merged with Wontner, Dolphin & Francis to form Brewin Dolphin. The business was incorporated in 1987 and acquired by Scandinavian Bank the same year. It was then the subject of a management buy-out from Scandinavian Bank in 1992 and was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1994.
It acquired Bell Lawrie, a leading Scottish firm of investment managers, in 1993. It went on to buy Wise Speke, an investment manager operating in the North of England, in 1998 and Hill Osborne, another rival, in 2000. The company acquired Popes, a firm based in Stoke-on-Trent, in 2002.
Operations.
The company has £28.1 billion of investments under management.

</doc>
<doc id="20780714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780714" title="Victor Cullen School Power House">
Victor Cullen School Power House

The Victor Cullen School Power House is a historic power house building located at Sabillasville, Frederick County, Maryland. It is a -story, Renaissance Revival stone structure, with a hip roof and a fully exposed basement. The building was built originally as part of the Maryland Tuberculosis Sanitorium, the first state sponsored institution of its type in Maryland.
The Victor Cullen School Power House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
It was designed by architects Wyatt & Nolting.

</doc>
<doc id="20780718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780718" title="Frank Tuttle (set decorator)">
Frank Tuttle (set decorator)

Frank Tuttle (15 November 1905 – 6 August 1969) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Tuttle was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20780721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780721" title="Yes and no">
Yes and no

Yes and no are two words for expressing the affirmative and the negative respectively in modern English.
English originally used a four-form system up to and including Early Middle English but Modern English has reduced this to a two-form system consisting of just 'yes' and 'no'. Some languages do not answer yes-no questions with single words meaning 'yes' or 'no'. Welsh and Finnish are among several languages that typically employ echo answers (repeating the verb with either an affirmative or negative form) rather than using words for 'yes' and 'no', though both languages do also have words broadly similar to 'yes' and 'no'. Other languages have systems named two-form, three-form, and four-form systems, depending on how many words for yes and no they employ. Some languages, such as Latin, have no yes-no word systems.
The words yes and no are not easily classified into any of the eight conventional parts of speech. Although sometimes classified as interjections, they do not qualify as such, and they are not adverbs. They are sometimes classified as a part of speech in their own right, sentence words, word sentences, or pro-sentences, although that category contains more than "yes" and "no" and not all linguists include them in their lists of sentence words. Sentences consisting solely of one of these two words are classified as minor sentences.
The differences among languages, the fact that in different languages the various words for "yes" and "no" have different parts of speech and different usages, and that some languages lack a 'yes-no' word system, makes idiomatic translation difficult.
English grammar classification.
Although sometimes classified as interjections, these words do not express emotion or act as calls for attention; they are not adverbs because they do not qualify any verb, adjective, or adverb. They are sometimes classified as a part of speech in their own right, sentence words or word sentences.
This is the position of Otto Jespersen, who states that "'Yes' and 'No' [...] are to all intents and purposes sentences just as much as the most delicately balanced sentences ever uttered by Demosthenes or penned by Samuel Johnson."
Georg von der Gabelentz, Henry Sweet, and Wegener have all written on the subject of sentence words, Wegener calling them "Wortsätze". Both Sweet and Wegener include "yes" and "no" in this category, with Sweet treating them separately from both imperatives and interjections, although Gabelentz does not.
Watts classifies "yes" and "no" as grammatical particles, in particular "response particles". He also notes their relationship to the interjections "oh" and "ah", which is that the interjections can precede "yes" and "no" but not follow them. "Oh" as an interjection expresses surprise, but in the combined forms "oh yes" and "oh no" merely acts as an intensifier; but "ah" in the combined forms "ah yes" and "ah no" retains its standalone meaning, of focusing upon the previous speaker's or writer's last statement. The forms "*yes oh", "*yes ah", "*no oh", and "*no ah" are grammatically ill-formed. Aijmer similarly categorizes the "yes" and "no" as "response signals" or "reaction signals".
Ameka classifies these two words in different ways according to context. When used as back-channel items, he classifies them as interjections; but when they are used as the responses to a yes-no question, he classifies them as formulaic words. The distinction between an interjection and a formula is, in Ameka's view, that the former does not have an addressee (although it may be directed at a person), whereas the latter does. The "yes" or "no" in response to the question is addressed at the interrogator, whereas "yes" or "no" used as a back-channel item is a "feedback usage", an utterance that is said to oneself. However, Sorjonen criticizes this analysis as lacking empirical work on the other usages of these words, in addition to interjections and feedback uses.
Bloomfield and Hockett classify the words, when used to answer yes-no questions, as "special completive interjections". They classify sentences comprising solely one of either of these two words as minor sentences.
Sweet classifies the words in several ways. They are sentence-modifying adverbs, adverbs that act as modifiers to an entire sentence. They are also sentence words, when standing alone. They may, as question responses, also be absolute forms that correspond to what would otherwise be the "not" in a negated echo response. For example, a "No." in response to the question "Is he here?" is equivalent to the echo response "He is not here." Sweet observes that there is no correspondence with a simple "yes" in the latter situation, although the sentence-word "Certainly." provides an absolute form of an emphatic echo response "He is certainly here." (Many other adverbs can also be used as sentence words in this way.)
Unlike "yes", "no" can also be an adverb of degree, applying to adjectives solely in the comparative (e.g. "no greater", "no sooner", but not "no soon" or "no soonest"), and an adjective when applied to nouns (e.g. "He is no fool." and Dyer's "No clouds, no vapours intervene.")
Grammarians of other languages have created further, similar, special classifications for these types of words. Tesnière classifies the French "oui" and "non" as "phrasillons logiques" (along with "voici"). Fonagy observes that such a classification may be partly justified for the former two, but suggests that "pragmatic holophrases" is more appropriate.
The Early English four-form system.
While Modern English has a "two-form system" of "yes" and "no" for affirmatives and negatives, earlier forms of English had a "four-form system", comprising the words "yea", "nay", "yes", and "no". In essence, "yes" and "no" were the responses to a question posed in the negative, whereas "yea" and "nay" were the responses to positively framed questions.
This is exemplified by the following passage from Much Ado about Nothing:
Benedick's "yea" is the answer to a positively framed question. The answers to positively framed questions ("Will he go?") were "yea" and "nay", while the answers to negatively framed questions ("Will he not go?") were "yes" and "no". This subtle grammatical feature of Early Modern English is recorded by Sir Thomas More in his critique of William Tyndale's translation of the New Testament into Early Modern English, which was then quoted as an authority by later scholars:
In fact, More's exemplification of the rule actually contradicts his statement of what the rule is. This went unnoticed by scholars such as Horne Tooke, Robert Gordon Latham, and Trench, and was first pointed out by George Perkins Marsh in his "Century Dictionary", where he corrects More's incorrect statement of the first rule, ""No" aunswereth the question framed by the affirmative.", to read "nay". That even More got the rule wrong, even while himself dressing-down Tyndale for getting it wrong, is seen by scholars such as Furness as evidence that the distinction between these four words was "truth, too subtle a distinction for practice". Benedick's answer of "yea" is a correct application of the rule, but as observed by W. A. Wright "Shakespeare does not always observe this rule, and even in the earliest times the usage appears not to have been consistent." Furness notes that this is indeed the case in the following, where Hermia's answer should, in following the rule, have been "yes":
Marsh himself found no evidence of a four-form system in Mœso-Gothic, although he reported finding "traces" in Old English. He observed that in the Anglo-Saxon Gospels, positively phrased questions are answered positively with "gea" (John 21:15,16) and negatively with "ne" (Luke 12:51; 13:5), "nese" (John 21:5; Matthew 13:29), and "nic" (John 18:17); while negatively phrased questions are answered positively with "gyse" (Matthew 17:25) and negatively with "nâ" (John 8:10).
Marsh calls this four-form system of Early Modern English a "needless subtlety". Tooke called it a "ridiculous distinction", with Marsh concluding that Tooke believed Thomas More to have simply made this rule up and observing that Tooke is not alone in his disbelief of More. Marsh, however, points out (having himself analyzed the works of John Wycliffe, Geoffrey Chaucer, John Gower, John Skelton, and Robert of Gloucester, and "Piers Ploughman" and "Le Morte d'Arthur" to see where and how these words were used) that the distinction both existed and was generally and fairly uniformly observed in Early Modern English from the time of Chaucer to the time of Tyndale. "Yes" and "no" were reserved for answering negatively phrased questions, and "yea" and "nay" served both as answers to positively phrased questions and as normal intensifiers in responses to noninterrogative statements. But after the time of Tyndale, the four-form system was rapidly replaced by the modern two-form system.
Three-form systems.
Several languages have a "three-form system", with two affirmative words and one negative. In a three-form system, the affirmative response to a positively phrased question is the unmarked affirmative, the affirmative response to a negatively phrased question is the marked affirmative, and the negative response to both forms of question is the (single) negative. For example, in Norwegian the affirmative answer to "Snakker du norsk?" ("Do you speak Norwegian?") is "Ja", and the affirmative answer to "Snakker du ikke norsk?" ("Do you not speak Norwegian?") is "Jo", while the negative answer to "both" questions is "Nei".
Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Icelandic, Hungarian, German, Dutch, and French all have three-form systems. Swedish and Danish have "ja", "jo", and "nej". Norwegian has "ja", "jo"/"jau", and "nei". Icelandic has "já", "jú" and "nei". Hungarian has "igen", "de", and "nem". German has "ja", "doch", and "nein". Dutch has "ja", "jawel", and "nee". French has "oui", "si", and "non".
Swedish, and to some extent Danish and Norwegian, also has additional forms "javisst" and "jovisst", analogous to "ja" and "jo", to indicate a strong affirmative response. Swedish (and Danish slang) also have the forms "joho" and "nehej", which both indicate stronger response than "jo" or "nej". "Jo" can also be used as an emphatic contradiction of a negative statement.
Other languages with four-form systems.
Like Early Modern English, the Romanian language has a four-form system. The affirmative and negative responses to positively phrased questions are "da" and "nu", respectively. But in responses to negatively phrased questions they are prefixed with "ba" (i.e. "ba da" and "ba nu"). "nu" is also used as a negation adverb, infixed between subject and verb. Thus, for examples, the affirmative response to the negatively phrased question "N-ai plătit?" ("Didn't you pay?") is "Ba da." ("Yes."—i.e. "I did pay."), and the negative response to a positively phrased question beginning "Se poate să ...?" ("Is it possible to ...?") is "Nu, nu se poate." ("No, it is not possible."—note the use of "nu" for both "no" and negation of the verb.)
Related words in other languages and translation problems.
Bloomfield and Hockett observe that not all languages have "special completive interjections". In Polish, for example, "tak" ("thus", "so") and "nie" ("not") are adverbs. Russian has the adverbs "да" and "нет", and Finnish does not generally answer yes-no questions with either adverbs or interjections but answers them with a repetition of the verb in the question, negating it if the answer is the negative. (This is an echo response.) The answer to "Tuletteko kaupungista?" ("Are you coming from town?") is the verb form itself, "Tulemme." ("We are coming.")
Negative questions are answered similarly. Negative answers are just the negated verb form. The answer to "Tunnetteko herra Lehdon?" ("Do you know Mr Lehto?") is "En tunne" ("I don't know.") or simply "En." ("I don't."). However, Finnish also has particle words for "yes": "Kyllä" (formal) and "joo" (very colloquial). A yes-no question can be answered "yes" with either "kyllä" or "joo", which are not conjugated according to the person and plurality of the verb. "Ei", however, is always conjugated and means "no".
It is often said falsely that Welsh has no words at all for "yes" and "no". It has "ie" and "nage". However, these are used only in specialized circumstances and are but some of the "many" ways in Welsh of saying yes or no. As in Finnish, the main way to state yes or no, in answer to yes-no questions, is to echo the verb of the question. So the answers to "Ydy Ffred yn dod?" ("Is Ffred coming?") are either "Ydy." ("He is (coming).") or "Nac ydy." ("He is not (coming)."). In general, the negative answer is the positive answer combined with "nag". As in Finnish, this avoids the issue of what an unadorned "yes" means in response to a negative question. While a "yes" response to the question "You don't like strawberries?" is ambiguous in English, the Welsh response "ydw" has no ambiguity. The same would apply for Finnish, where the question would be answered with "en" (I don't). For more information on "yes" and "no" answers to yes-no questions in Welsh, see Jones, listed in further reading.
Irish and other Gaelic languages do not have any words for "yes" or "no". Instead, an echo response of the verb used to ask the question is used. Sometimes, the verb used is "Tá" (to be). Example "An bhfuil sé ag teacht" (Is he coming). Answer: "Tá" (Is) or "Níl" (Is not). More frequently, another verb will be used. Example "Ar chuala sé" (Did he hear). Answer "Chuala" (heard) or "Níor chuala" (Did not hear). Irish people frequently give echo answers in English as well. Example: "Did you hear?" Answer "I heard/I did". This also happens in the Galician language.
Latin has no single words for "yes" and "no". Their functions as intensifiers and interjections are taken up by using the vocative case. Their functions as word sentence responses to yes-no questions are taken up by "sentence adverbs", single adverbs that are sentence modifiers and also used as word sentences. There are several such adverbs classed as truth-value adverbs—including "certe", "fortasse", "nimirum", "plane", "vero", "etiam", "sane", "minime", and "videlicet". They express the speaker's/writer's feelings about the truth value of a proposition. They, in conjunction with the negator "non", are used as responses to yes-no questions. For example:
Latin also employs echo responses.
The Chinese languages use echo responses as well. In all languages, yes-no questions are often posed in A-not-A form, and the replies to such questions are echo answers that echo either "A" or "not A". In Mandarin Chinese, the closest equivalents to "yes" and "no" are to state "是" ("shì"; lit. "is") and "不是" ("búshì"; lit. "not is"). (In Cantonese Chinese, the preceding are 係 "hai6" and 唔係 "m4 hai6", respectively.) The phrase 不要 (buyào; lit. "(I) do not want") may also be used for the interjection "no". (The infamous pirated Chinese version of dubbed Darth Vader's cry of "No!" as "buyào!", which in the English-language subtitles was retranslated as "do not want". This error became an internet meme.)
Japanese also lacks words for "yes" and "no". The words "はい" ("hai") and "いいえ" ("iie") are mistaken by English speakers for equivalents to "yes" and "no", but they actually signify agreement or disagreement with the proposition put by the question: "That's correct." or "That's incorrect." For example: If asked, "行かないのですか" ("ikanai no desu ka" / "Are you not going?"), answering with the affirmative "hai" would mean "Correct. I am "not" going"; whereas in English, answering "yes" would be to contradict the negative question. Echo responses are not uncommon in Japanese.
Like the English contraction of Old English "yea so" into "yes", the words for "yes" and "no" in other languages originate from a process of devaluation and semantic erosion. The Hungarian strong affirmative "persze" was originally the Latin phrase "per se intelligitur" ("it stands to reason"), for example. German "nein" similarly is derived from the Old High German "ni ein", which means "not a single one". (In Latin, "non" similarly devolved from "noenum", which also means "not one".) The French "oui" was formerly "oïl" (after which Langue d'oïl is named), which, in turn, came from the Vulgar Latin "hoc ille", meaning "this one" ("it is" this one).
In Spanish, the words "sí" (yes) and "no" (no) are unambiguously classified as adverbs: not only do they serve as answers to questions; they also modify verbs. The affirmative "sí" can replace the verb after a negation ("Yo no tengo carro, pero él sí" = "I don't own a car, but he does") or intensify it ("I don't believe he owns a car. / He does own one!" = "No creo que él tenga carro. / ¡Sí lo tiene!"). The word "no" is the standard adverb placed next to a verb to negate it ("Yo no tengo carro" = "I don't own a car"). Double negation is normal and valid in Spanish, and it is interpreted as reinforcing the negation ("No tengo ningún carro" = "I own no car").
These differences between languages make translation difficult. No two languages are isomorphic, even at the elementary level of words for "yes" and "no". Translation from two-form to three-form systems is something that English-speaking schoolchildren learning French or German soon encounter. But the mapping is not even as simple as converting two forms into three. There are many idioms, such as reduplication (in French, German, and Italian) of affirmatives for emphasis (the German "ja ja ja").
Furthermore, the mappings are one-to-many in both directions. The German "ja" has no fewer than 13 English equivalents that vary according to context and usage ("yes", "yeah", and "no" when used as an answer; "well", "all right", "so", and "now", when used for segmentation; "oh", "ah", "uh", and "eh" when used an interjection; and "do you", "will you", and their various inflections when used as a marker for tag questions) for example. Moreover, both "ja" and "doch" are frequently used as additional particles for conveying nuanced meaning where, in English, no such particle exists. Straightforward, non-idiomatic, translations from German to English and then back to German can often result in the loss of all of the modal particles such as "ja" and "doch" from a text.
Translation from languages that have word systems to those that do not, such as Latin, is similarly problematic. As Calvert says, "Saying yes or no takes a little thought in Latin"
Colloquial forms of Yes and No.
There are many variants of "yes" and "no" in English. Two such spoken forms are transcribed into writing as "Uh-huh" or "Mm-hmm" ("yes", with a rise in pitch on the second syllable) and "Uh-uh" or "M-mm" ("no", with a fall in pitch on the second syllable). Their sounds are a nasal or non-nasal sound interrupted by a voiceless breathy interval for "yes", and by a glottal stop for "no". These forms are particularly useful for speakers who are unable to articulate the actual words "yes" and "no" because they are using their mouths for other tasks, such as eating for example, or because they are gagged.
The word "aye" is a frequent synonym for "yes", particularly in Scotland, Ireland and northern England, although not always officially acknowledged as such. In December 1993, a witness in a Scottish court who had answered "aye" to confirm he was the person summoned was told by the Sheriff that he must answer either "yes" or "no". When his name was read again and he was asked to confirm it, he answered "aye" again, and was imprisoned for 90 minutes for contempt of court. On his release he said "I genuinely thought I was answering him."
Both words are derived from adverbs in Old English. "Yes" is derived from a compound of an Old English adverb, "yea", which means "surely", and "so", and is thus "surely so", while "no" comes from an Old English adverb that means "never".

</doc>
<doc id="20780730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780730" title="Michael T. Wright">
Michael T. Wright

Michael T. Wright FSA (born in 1948, London, England) was formerly Curator of Mechanical Engineering at the Science Museum and later at Imperial College in London, England.
Overview.
Michael Wright studied Physics at the University of Oxford and the History of Technology the University of London. He became a schoolmaster and then in 1971 joined the Science Museum in London, working there until 2004. For most of his career, Wright was the Curator of Mechanical Engineering at the Science Museum. He then became an Honorary Research Associate at the Centre for the History of Science, Technology & Medicine, at Imperial College, London. He is also a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London.
Antikythera mechanism.
Michael Wright made a study of the original fragments of the Antikythera mechanism, an Ancient Greek brass mechanism, together with Allan George Bromley. They used a technique called linear X-ray tomography which was suggested by retired consultant radiologist, Alan Partridge. For this, Wright designed and made an apparatus for linear tomography, allowing the generation of sectional 2D radiographicimages.
Early results of this survey were presented in 1997, which showed that Price's reconstruction was fundamentally flawed.
Further study of the new imagery allowed Wright to advance a number of proposals. Firstly he developed the idea, suggested by Price in "Gears from the Greeks", that the mechanism could have served as a planetarium. Wright's planetarium not only modelled the motion of the Sun and Moon, but also the Inferior Planets (Mercury and Venus), and the Superior Planets (Mars, Jupiter and Saturn).
Wright proposed that the Sun and Moon could have moved in accordance with the theories of Hipparchus and the five known planets moved according to the simple epicyclic theory suggested by the theorem of Apollonius. In order to prove that this was possible using the level of technology apparent in the mechanism, Wright produced a working model of such a planetarium.
Wright also increased upon Price's gear count of 27 to 31 including 1 in Fragment C that was eventually identified as part of a Moon phase display. He suggested that this is a mechanism that shows the phase of the Moon by means of a rotating semi-silvered ball, realized by the differential rotation of the sidereal cycle of the Moon and the Sun's yearly cycle. This precedes previously known mechanisms of this sort by a millennium and a half.
More accurate tooth counts were also obtained, allowing a new gearing scheme to be advanced. This more accurate information allowed Wright to confirm Price's perceptive suggestion that the upper back dial displays the Metonic cycle with 235 lunar months divisions over a five-turn scale. In addition to this Wright proposed the remarkable idea that the main back dials are in the form of spirals, with the upper back dial out as a five-turn spiral containing 47 divisions in each turn. It therefore presented a visual display of the 235 months of the Metonic cycle (19 years ≈ 235 Synodic Months). Wright also observed that fragmentary inscriptions suggested that the pointer on the subsidiary dial showed a count of four cycles of the 19-year period, equal to the 76-year Callippic cycle.
Based on more tentative observations, Wright also came to the conclusion that the lower back dial counted Draconic Months and could perhaps have been used for eclipse prediction.
All these findings have been incorporated into Wright's working model, demonstrating that a single mechanism with all these functions could be built, and would work.
Despite the improved imagery provided by the linear tomography, Wright could not reconcile all the known gears into a single coherent mechanism, and this led him to advance the theory that the mechanism had been altered, with some astronomical functions removed and others added.
Finally, as an outcome of his research, Wright also conclusively demonstrated that Price's suggestion of the existence of a differential gearing arrangement was incorrect.
In 2006, Wright completed what he believed to be an almost exact replica of the mechanism.
Michael Wright's research on the mechanism has continued in parallel with the efforts of the Antikythera Mechanism Research Project (AMRP). More recently, Wright slightly modified his model of the mechanism to incorporate the latest findings of the AMRP regarding the function of the pin and slot engaged gears that simulate the anomaly in the Moon's angular velocity. On 6 March 2007, he presented his model in the National Hellenic Research Foundation in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="20780744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780744" title="In a Nutshell">
In a Nutshell

In a Nutshell is the second album by Swedish singer-songwriter Pelle Carlberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20780746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780746" title="Yes">
Yes

Yes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20780758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780758" title="Alfred Hill">
Alfred Hill

Alfred Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20780761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780761" title="Charlie Goff">
Charlie Goff

Charles Pollard Goff (born November 9, 1951 in Barranquilla, Colombia) is an American educator and founding member of Cemanahuac Educational Community, a Spanish and Latin American culture school in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico.
Early life.
Charlie Goff was born in Barranquilla, Colombia, to James E. and Margaret Louise Pollard Goff. He spent his childhood and teenage years in Colombia, graduating from Colegio Nueva Granada in Bogotá in 1969. He then attended college, taking undergraduate courses at UC Santa Cruz, the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), the Ibero-American University of Mexico City, and the State University of New York. He graduated from Cal State-Northridge with a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology, specializing in Mayan culture.
Cemanahuac.
Goff is a founding member of Cemanahuac Educational Community, a highly respected Spanish-language school in Cuernavaca, Mexico. Founded in 1974, Cemanahuac offers courses in Spanish language, Latin-American studies and Mesoamerican anthropology. Currently, over 2400 students from all over the world study at Cemanahuac every year, with over ninety colleges and universities from the United States accepting direct credit transfer from the school.
Goff currently serves as admissions coordinator for the school, as well as handling the school's finances, hiring and public relations. He also teaches several courses, is an active lecturer at the school, and oversees and conducts field studies.
Other activities.
In addition to coordinating field trips for Cemanahuac, Goff has used his extensive knowledge of Mexico and Central America to assist many other organizations with field studies, including Ohio State University, Elderhostel, the National Association of Editorial Writers, and the Land Improvement Contractors Association of America, along with several high schools. He has also served as keynote speaker for several bilingual education and social studies seminars, and is active in many professional organizations in these areas. He serves on the board of directors for VAMOS, a charitable organization dedicated to helping the poor in the Mexican state of Morelos.
Charlie is a member of Cuernavaca's Frente Civico, an organization founded to protect the environment, art, and archeological site known as Casino de la Selva. As a result of his activist activities Charlie was arrested In 2002. All charges were subsequently dropped. He also serves on the Board of the human rights foundation named for the famous former Bishop of Morelos, Don Sergio Méndez Arceo.
In April 2010 Charlie Goff questioned the authenticity of an AP story about rampant "fear" in Cuernavaca. http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gMi5B2USfJStXxfqgWWr2xjRYpOgD9FC8M2O0 The story, viewed by Charlie as fear-mongering, was picked up by papers around the world and has impacted Cuernavaca's tourism-based economy. Charlie challenged the paper by re-interviewing those Cuernavaca citizens the AP quoted in their article and confronting AP's Latin American Bureau Chief, Niko Price, with the distortions in the article. In June 2010 a Mexico City English language newspaper wrote about Charlie Goff's confrontation with AP. http://thenews.com.mx/articulo/ap-shows-its-stripes-1063
As of October 2010, Charlie has a regular column, "Charlie's Digs," appearing in The News, Mexico's only English-speaking newspaper. Charlie's column can be found at http://thenews.com.mx/
References.
http://thenews.com.mx/articulo/aps-price-goes-to-eu-be-afraid-be-very-afraid-10825
http://thenews.com.mx/articulo/ap-shows-its-stripes-1063
http://www.cemanahuac.com/TheNews.pdf
External links.
[http://www.cemanahuac.com/TheNews.pdf]
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Charlie-Goff/141423393579

</doc>
<doc id="20780762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780762" title="BMIC">
BMIC

BMIC can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="20780764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780764" title="High Bluff Island">
High Bluff Island

High Bluff Island is an uninhabited island located in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is a Baffin Island offshore island in Hudson Strait. The closest community is Kimmirut, away.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include: Lavoie Island, Wishart Island, Nuvursirpaaraaluk Island, Lee Island, Forder Island, Poodlatee Island, Uugalautiit Island, Black Bluff Island, Aulassivik Island, Ijjurittiak Island, Ivisaat Island, Glasgow Island, Juet Island and Big Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20780767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780767" title="Charles Lamb (Royal Navy officer)">
Charles Lamb (Royal Navy officer)

Commander Charles Bentall Lamb DSO DSC Royal Navy (1914–1981) was an officer in the Fleet Air Arm during World War II. He piloted a Fairey Swordfish torpedo strike reconnaissance aircraft at the Battle of Taranto, and later wrote a best selling book on his experiences called "To War in a Stringbag".
Early life.
Lamb was born on 11 April 1914 in Bolton, Lancashire. He was the son of Arthur Lamb and Violet Aubrey Bentall.
On 20 September 1939, he married Josephine Frances Elgar; they later had two sons.
Career Before World War II.
In 1930, he went to sea as an apprentice with the Clan Line. Like many merchant navy officers Lamb joined the Royal Naval Reserve, appointed a midshipman 31 March 1933, and in December joined the battleship HMS "Rodney" in the Home Fleet and West Indies for four months' training.
On return to England in 1934, he passed his Board of Trade examinations in London. "When we had passed, our brand new Board of Trade Certificates of Competence were useless. In the depression of the early Thirties there were so many ships laid up that jobs afloat were virtually unobtainable."
Keen to learn to fly, Lamb joined the Royal Air Force (RAF) in 1935 and flew for RAF Coastal Command for three years. The RAF controlled British naval aviation up to 1938. When the Fleet Air Arm was constituted in 1938 Lamb transferred to the Air Branch of the Royal Navy, becoming a sub-lieutenant (aviation) on 13 June 1938 with seniority dated 28 October 1936 He was promoted to lieutenant (aviation) on 28 October 1938. On 27 February 1939 he joined Torpedo Strike Reconnaissance Squadron 822 on the aircraft carrier HMS "Courageous" in the Home Fleet.
Boxing.
Lamb was taught to box by a padre called Canon Brady at a mission in Buenos Aires when he was an apprentice for "Clan Line". He made one professional appearance as a boxer under the name of 'Seaman Benson', to gain experience and to raise money for the mission. As a midshipman on "Rodney" he boxed for the Navy as a light-weight in the 1934 Inter-Service Championships. In 1936 he won the RAF Officers' championships as a light-weight, and boxed for the RAF in the 1936 Inter-Service Championships. Two years later, he boxed for the Navy in the 1938 Inter-Service Championships.
World War II.
In the early part of the war, he was a Swordfish pilot. "Charles Lamb flew in the thick of the action, mine-laying and U-boat hunting over northern Europe, harrying E-boats at Dunkirk, to being one of the two Swordfish Pathfinder pilots with 815 Squadron FAA at the Battle of Taranto." He flew in the Greek campaign of 1941 and was shot down during an air raid on Malta.
In September 1941 Lamb's aircraft was wrecked while landing a secret agent in French North Africa and he was imprisoned by the Vichy French government for a year, until the Allied invasion of Algeria, November 1942. After treatment for malnutrition, he spent a year recruiting flying cadets for the Fleet Air Arm, until passed fit for flying in December 1943, and joined the aircraft carrier HMS Implacable as Lieutenant-Commander (Flying), with an acting rank of lieutenant-commander. Aboard as Lieutenant-Commander (Flying) from May 1944, he escorted Arctic convoys and launched air strikes against the German battleship Tirpitz. He served in "Implacable" again as Lieutenant-Commander (Flying) from 8 January 1945 until July 1945; after a catastrophic flight deck injury (struck by a broken propellor) he was hospitalized for two years before returning to naval duty.
Post war.
Lamb was given a permanent commission in the Executive Branch of the Royal Navy as lieutenant-commander on 1 August 1945, with seniority from 28 June 1944. He served on the staff of Flag Officer (Air) (Home) at RN Air Station, Lee-on-Solent (HMS Daedalus). He was promoted to commander on 31 December 1949, and served at RN Air Station, Lossiemouth (HMS Fulmar) from 21 January 1950.
He was commanding officer of the fishery protection vessel HMS "Welcome" from 7 March 1953. "Welcome" was an "Algerine" class ocean minesweeper displacing about 1000 tons, completed in 1945, and used for fishery protection. From 23 October 1953, he was Commander (General Training) and Staff Officer (Flying) to Flag Officer Ground Training at RN Air Station, Lee-on-Solent (HMS Daedalus).
He was on the books of HMS "President" for miscellaneous duties from 26 September 1955. He was Assistant Commandant, Joint School of Warfare (Old Sarum), 1956–1958; and retired on 29 July 1958.
Retirement.
Lamb remained active in naval and public affairs until his death on 28 May 1981. He founded & managed the White Ensign Association, 1958–1973, a financial advisory service for redundant and retiring naval officers. He wrote his memoirs "To War in a Stringbag", published in 1977, republished several times and still in print.

</doc>
<doc id="20780770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780770" title="The Lilac Time (album)">
The Lilac Time (album)

The Lilac Time is the third album by Pelle Carlberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20780774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780774" title="Graceham Moravian Church and Parsonage">
Graceham Moravian Church and Parsonage

Graceham Moravian Church and Parsonage is a historic church building and parsonage located at 8231 Rocky Ridge Road, MD 77 in Graceham, east of Thurmont, Frederick County, Maryland. It is a two story Flemish bond brick church built in 1822, and covered with white stucco because of deteriorated masonry. The church was built as an addition to the adjacent meeting house and parsonage built in 1797. This building and the church's cemetery having uniform flat gravestones (called God's Acre by the Moravians) represents Maryland's only remaining 18th century Moravian settlement.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20780782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780782" title="Diana Island">
Diana Island

Diana Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It lies in Diana Bay, in the north-east of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="20780790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780790" title="Devotion (John McLaughlin album)">
Devotion (John McLaughlin album)

Devotion is the fourth album by the English jazz fusion guitarist John McLaughlin, released in 1970. It was recorded shortly after McLaughlin left the Miles Davis band and prior to forming The Mahavishnu Orchestra. McLaughlin was unhappy with the resulting album. On his website he writes: “In 1969, I sign a contract in America for 2 records. First is 'Devotion' that is destroyed by producer Alan Douglas who mixes the recording in my absence.” 
Critical reception.
In a contemporary review, "Rolling Stone" magazine called the album "very fine" and said that McLaughlin "has managed to make an album as Heavy as the most fanatical Led Zeppelin devotee could wish, while maintaining a high musical level".
Allmusic awards the album four and a half stars and Sean Westergaard concludes ""Devotion" is a complete anomaly in his catalog, as well as one of his finest achievements."
Tracks.
All songs written by John McLaughlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20780793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780793" title="Rotterdam Lombardijen railway station">
Rotterdam Lombardijen railway station

Rotterdam Lombardijen is a railway station in the Dutch city of Rotterdam, located on the Breda–Rotterdam railway between Rotterdam and Dordrecht. The railway station is located in the borough of IJsselmonde. The station opened on 1 June 1964 with wooden platforms and no more than a trailer for ticket sales. On 12 September 1968 a station building was opened; the current station building dates from 1996. Train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train services.
The following services call at Rotterdam Lombardijen:
Bus & Tram services.
Several Rotterdam tram and bus lines call at the Rotterdam Lombardijen station. A tram stop is located just east of the station, where RET-lines 2 and 20 stop.
!Previous!!!!Line!!!!Next

</doc>
<doc id="20780810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780810" title="Gale Benson">
Gale Benson

Gale Anne Benson (4 November 1944 – 2 January 1972) was a British model, socialite and daughter of Conservative MP Leonard Plugge. She was buried alive and murdered in Trinidad by local men including Black Power activist Michael X.
Life.
Benson was born in London to Leonard and Ann Plugge. She had two brothers, Leonard Frank (born 1937), and Greville, her twin. She went to school at the Lycée Français in London. Later she started modelling, and worked as a DJ for a French radio show.
She married film director Jonathan Benson at age 20, but the marriage had difficulties and she moved away to Argentina when she was 22, in 1967. Returning to the United Kingdom she started a relationship with Black Power activist Hakim Jamal, an associate of Michael X. Jamal was an American from Boston whose previous name was Alan Donaldson. She changed her name to "Hale Kimga", an anagram of her first name and Hakim.
Benson and Jamal moved to Guyana in 1971, before moving later that year to the commune of Michael X in Trinidad, who had fled the UK while bailed on charges of extortion and robbery.
Murder.
On the morning of 2 January 1972 a group of men including Michael X took Benson out for a walk outside the commune. Arriving at a hole in the ground they started digging until it was about four feet deep. One of the men turned to Benson and asked, "What do you think this is for?" She shrugged, and the man replied, "This is a fresh hole for decomposed bodies". They pushed her in, two of the men attacking her with a cutlass, badly wounding Benson in the chest and throat. She was buried alive, some of the men jumping on the soil to keep her down until she succumbed. The autopsy later found inhaled dirt in her lungs. It was alleged that Michael X had ordered her death because she was causing "mental strain" to Jamal.
Her badly decomposed body was found seven weeks later, and eventually two of the men were convicted of her murder, after one of the group turned witness for the prosecution. Stanley Abbott and Edward Chadee were sentenced to death, but one was commuted to life imprisonment. Another of the group drowned at sea, and barber Joseph Skerritt was murdered. Michael X was charged with Benson's murder but never tried; he was sentenced to death for the murder of Skerritt on 21 August 1972, and hanged in Port of Spain's Royal Gaol in May 1975. Her lover Hakim Jamal was murdered in the United States in 1973, just over a year after Benson.
Cultural references.
The movie "The Bank Job" (2008), claims Michael X was in possession of indecent photographs of Princess Margaret stored in a bank vault, and was using them to blackmail the British establishment. Hattie Morahan plays Benson, who the movie portrays as a spy whose role is to find any additional photos or negatives Michael X may have. Her brother Frank, however, said the idea Benson was a spy in real life was "ludicrous".
Benson is a central character in Diana Athill's memoir of her friendship with Gale's lover, Hakim Jamal, "Make Believe: A True Story".

</doc>
<doc id="20780824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780824" title="Frede Castberg">
Frede Castberg

Frede Castberg (4 July 1893 – 4 November 1977) was a Norwegian jurist. The son of Johan Castberg, he served as professor and rector at the University of Oslo as well as president of the Hague Academy of International Law.
Personal life.
Frede Castberg was born in Vardal as the son of jurist and politician Johan Castberg (1862–1926) and his wife Karen Cathrine Anker (1867–1932). He was the paternal great-grandson of priest and politician Peter Hersleb Harboe Castberg, grandson of customs surveyor and politician Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg, nephew of violinist Torgrim Castberg and first cousin of illustrator Johan Christian Castberg. On the maternal side Frede Castberg was the nephew of Katti Anker Møller.
Castberg was married twice. The first marriage, to Synnøve Reimers, lasted between 1921 and 1925, and produced one daughter. In February 1927, Castberg married his cousin Ella Anker. They had two daughters, born in late 1927 and in 1933.
Career.
Like his father, Frede Castberg had an academic career. He enrolled as a student of law in 1911 and graduated as cand.jur. in 1914. He held various jobs as a jurist in 1915 and 1916, before being issued grants to undertake further studies abroad. He studied public law in France and England from 1916 to 1917, in Germany in 1919 and in Austria in 1921. From 1919 he was employed at the University of Oslo as a research fellow. He took the dr. juris degree in 1921, and was hired as a consultant at the Norwegian Nobel Institute in the same year. He left his post as research fellow in 1924, having been engaged as a secretary and advisor in the dispute between Norway and Denmark over Greenland. In 1925 he was hired permanently as a consultant in the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In 1928 Castberg was appointed professor of jurisprudence at the University of Oslo. He specialized in constitutional law, administrative law, philosophy of law and public international law. Among his most important publications were "Norges statsforfatning" (two volumes, 1933), "Folkerett" (1937), "Rettsfilosofiske grunnspørsmål" (1939), "Norge under okkupasjonen; rettslige utredninger 1940–1943" (1945) and "Freedom of Speech in the West" (1960). Castberg also became known to the general public, through lectures in radio and television. In addition, Castberg served as rector of the university from 1952 to 1958. During his time as rector, political science was introduced as a separate discipline, being given its own department.
Castberg retired as a professor in 1963. From 1962 to 1976 he presided over the curatorium of the Hague Academy of International Law, an institution seated in the Peace Palace together with the International Court of Justice and the Permanent Court of Arbitration, and currently presided by Boutros Boutros-Ghali. Among Castberg's most important publications in this period are "La philosophie de droit" (1970), "Den europeiske konvensjon om menneskerettighetene" (1971), "Minner om politikk og vitenskap fra årene 1900–1970" (1971) and "Rett og revolusjon i Norge" (1973).
Frede Castberg died in 1977 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="20780825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780825" title="St. Euphemia's School and Sisters' House">
St. Euphemia's School and Sisters' House

St. Euphemia's School and Sisters' House is a historic school building and convent located at Emmitsburg, Frederick County, Maryland. It is a late-19th century school complex that consists of two attached brick buildings: a two and half story school building built about 1890, and a house that was used as a convent and built about 1860.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20780860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780860" title="Greeks in Kyrgyzstan">
Greeks in Kyrgyzstan

Greeks in Kyrgyzstan form one of the country's smaller minority groups. The existing data are contradictory. According to 2009 Census there are 451 Greeks. According to the Greek Ministry of Foreign Affairs, there are 150 families of Greek origin (650–700 people). However, the data of the General Secretariat For Greeks Abroad give an even lower number (50 people).
History.
Initial settlement.
According to an official census of 1920, the Greeks of Kyrgyzstan numbered only 344. Since 1939 and during World War II Greeks living in the Soviet Union—most of them were merchants, but there were also some farmers—suffered deportations, mainly to the steppes of Central Asia, particularly to Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and Siberia. For a considerable time after the end of the war, these deported Greeks remained unrehabilitated, and were not allowed to return to their pre-deportation areas of settlement. Thus some of them chose to leave Siberia to settle in Kazakhstan and (to a lesser extent) in Kyrgyzstan.* Hess (2008), 1521–1522* </ref> Most of these Greeks were finally concentrated in the Osh province, and the town of Nookat in particular.
During a second wave of deportations (1944–1949) initiated by the Stalinist regime, more than 31,000 families (Pontian Greeks and Greeks from Crimea) were sent to Bishkek; only 5,000 found a shelter living in squalid conditions. This time, the deported Greeks finally settled in the Talas Province.
Migration to Greece.
In early 1990s, the Greek community of Kyrgyzstan was still vibrant, and numbered 3,000 members in all. Nevertheless, from 1985 onward, their number has been decreasing, due to outmigration by Greeks in search of work. According to the statistics, during the 1990s 860 members of the Greek community of Kyrgyzstan (0.57% if the total number of Greek immigrants from the former Soviet Union) settled in Greece.
Organization.
The community is represented by the Filia (Friendship) Association of Ethnic Greeks, headed by chairwoman Olga Kupriyanova. According to her, the Association has 300 members. They operate a Greek school with a Greek teacher whose salary is covered by the Greek government, Secretariat of Greeks Abroad. The University of Bishkek opened a Greek language department in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20780867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780867" title="Andreas Letz">
Andreas Letz

Andreas Letz (born 5 June 1962 in Sömmerda, Thuringia) is a German weightlifter. He competed in the 56 kg and 60 kg categories, and set two world records in the clean and jerk, and one in the total.
Competing for the German Democratic Republic, he ranked fourth in the 56 kg category at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Letz ranked overall second at the 1981 World Weightlifting Championships, and ranked third in World Championships three times in 1983, 1985, and 1986. In European Championships, he ranked overall second in 1980 and 1981, and third in 1983, 1985, and 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20780872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780872" title="Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse">
Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse

The Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse is a historic toll house located at Walkersville, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story brick structure over a stone foundation, with a small interior end chimney at each gable end. It was used as a tollhouse by the Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company.
The Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20780889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780889" title="John Sheahan (field hockey)">
John Sheahan (field hockey)

John Sheahan (born 1972) is an Australian born field hockey coach, who is a graduate of Tenri University where the majority of the men's and women's national team graduated. Sheahan has two masters degrees in sports science and has been coaching the men's and women's university teams since graduating himself. He led the women's team since 2005.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20780890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780890" title="Charles Lloyd (organ builder)">
Charles Lloyd (organ builder)

Charles Lloyd was a pipe organ builder based in Nottingham who flourished between 1859 and 1909.
Background.
Charles Lloyd had previously worked for Groves of London. Charles Lloyd set up in business first with Lorenzo Valentine and shortly afterwards with Alfred Dudgeon. Their workshop was at 52A Union Road, near the centre of Nottingham. They were soon at work installing organs in places of worship in and around the Nottingham area. Charles Lloyd was commissioned by Sydney Pierrepont, 3rd Earl Manvers of Holme Pierrepont, to construct and exhibit a 2 manual & pedal organ at the Birmingham Trades Exhibition in 1865. It was to win Lloyd a gold medal award for its workmanship and tone. After the exhibition was over the organ was removed back to Nottingham and installed in St. Edmund's Church, Holme Pierrepont.
C. LLoyd & Co.
Lloyd & Dudgeon were partners until the death of Albert Dudgeon on 6 February 1874. The company then became changed to C. Lloyd & Co, Church Organ Builders, Nottingham. 
When the Great Central Railway was brought to Nottingham in 1896, land occupied by the Lloyd business had to be cleared to make way for the Victoria Station. Charles Lloyd moved to 79 Brighton Street, St Ann’s.
In 1909, his son, Charles Francis Lloyd took over the business and it continued until 1928 with no change to the name. The company was then acquired by Roger Yates.
Apprentices.
The first was Ernest Wragg of Carlton, who after his period of training set up as an organ builder himself in 1894 on Carlton Road, Thorneywood, as E. Wragg & Son, Organ Builders. 
The second was John Compton, born in Measham, Leicestershire. He entered into organ building first at Birmingham, then with Brindley of Sheffield, then in Nottingham under Charles Lloyd. When free of his apprenticeship in 1902, along with an organ builder named Musson of Woodborough Road, Nottingham, they became Compton & Musson.

</doc>
<doc id="20780908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780908" title="Lothar Swierzinski">
Lothar Swierzinski

Lothar Swierzinski was an Unterscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Lothar Swierzinski was born on the 28 July 1921 at Gelsenkirchen.
He volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the 10th Company, 5th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment, 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf".
He was awarded the Iron Cross class 2 in November 1942 and the 1st class in November 1943.
His Knight's Cross was awarded in December 1943 when as a Rottenführer his platoon was defending the Kirovohrad - Krivoi sector in October 1943; the Soviet Union troops had managed to break through the German front line, his platoon under his command managed to hold off several Soviet attacks and reestablish the front line.
Swierzinski died on the 29 October 1944 from wounds received the previous day during the Battle of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="20780921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780921" title="John Cutts (jockey)">
John Cutts (jockey)

John "Johnny" Cutts (c.1829-1872) was the jockey who at the age of 32 rode Archer, the winner of the first Melbourne Cup in 1861. The next day Johnny rode Archer to win another long distance race, the Melbourne Town Plate. In May 1862 he rode Archer to win the AJC Queen Elizabeth Stakes, and returned to Melbourne later that year to win his second Melbourne Cup. Due to a technical error which stopped Archer from being entered in the third (1863) Melbourne Cup, Johnny was not able to attempt to win the hat-trick.
Background.
During his long career John 'Cutts' Dillon was one of the best known, best liked and most respected jockeys in New South Wales. Keith W. Paterson in his book "The Masters Touch, Racing with Etienne de Mestre, Winner of 5 Melbourne Cups" tells us that he was ""respected for his honesty, no less than for his skill as a horseman...gained the esteem of not only his fellow professionals but also of all owners of horses for whom he rode"".
Johnny learnt his craft as a jockey at the stable of William Cutts, "the crack Homebush trainer". In 1859 Johnny married the widow of William Cutts, Mary Cutts (née Bradbury) (1839–1903) at Goulburn, the daughter of Walter & Mary Bradbury. Mary had been born on Norfolk Island in 1839, and at only 12 years old had married her first husband William Cutts in 1851 at Sydney. Johnny and Mary moved to Hartley where daughter Emma Dillon (1859–1887) was born that year, followed the next year by son Clement Dillon (1860–1900), two years later by John Thomas Dillon (1862–1915) back in Goulburn, and followed by the two youngest boys at Randwick in Sydney in 1864 and 1868: Walter Edward Dillon (1864–1928), and William Charles Dillon (1868-?).
Archer, the horse John rode to victory in the first and second Melbourne Cups in 1861 and 1862, was from the stable of Etienne de Mestre at "Terara" near Nowra in New South Wales. Mary's brother Walter Bradbury (-1875), had also had been employed by Etienne de Mestre, and had also been associated with Archer's training. In 1935 he told the Sydney Morning Herald "I remember the day when I saw Johnny Cutts off to his first Melbourne Cup."
John Cutts rode Archer in 16 of his 17 starts, winning 11 of these 16 races. The only race of Archer's where John did not ride him was once when Archer was ridden by Etienne de Mestre himself. Cutts last race for the de Mestre stable, and his last ride before retiring as a jockey, was on Archer who placed third in the three mile Seventh Champion Sweepstakes at Ballarat on 1 October 1863. In total Cutts rode 56 times for de Mestre, beginning on 1 January 1858 at Homebush when he won the Consolation Stakes on Greenmantle. From 1858 to 1863, whilst his growing family was living at Hartley and Goulburn, he was the principal jockey for de Mestre's Nowra stable. Other horses ridden by Cutts for de Mestre included Veno, Mariner, Greenmantle, Sailor, Moss Rose, Exeter, Inheritor, Lauristina, Potentate, and Red Rover.
A legend that has sprung up around the horse Archer is that his jockey, Johnny Cutts, was an Aboriginal. Johnny Cutts was, according to the legend, born in the area around Nowra, and one of the many Aboriginal males who replaced the bulk of the white stockmen who walked off the land to join the goldrush. Although it would be romantic to believe that an Aboriginal jockey had won the first and second Melbourne Cups, the most famous horse race in Australia, the cold hard facts of history do not allow this notion. The spot in racing history for the first (and only) Aboriginal jockey to win the Melbourne Cup belongs to Frank Reys on Gala Supreme in 1973.
Instead of having any Aboriginal blood, Johnny Cutts was born of English stock. He had been born John Dillon in Sydney in about 1829, the son of Thomas Dillon, a clerk, and his wife Ann Butler. A family photo of Johnny and his wife Mary has survived, published in Keith W. Paterson's book, that confirms that John does not have Aboriginal heritage.
Johnny is also remembered for winning the Queen's Plate at Flemington Racecourse in 1851 and 1852 on Cossack. John was then at the height of his fame, and won many other races for Cossack's trainer John Tait before he ever rode a horse for Etienne de Mestre.
After retiring from racing at the end of 1863 John continued to enjoy close contacts with the racing fraternity through the Half Way Hotel that he and his wife managed on Sydney Road, near Randwick Racecourse.
John 'Cutts' Dillon died, after an illness of more than 12 months, on 6 September 1872 at the age of 43. Coincidentally the horse with whom he will always be linked, Archer, died a few months later the same year in December 1872.
Johnny's family laid him to rest in Rookwood Cemetery. His long illness had dwindled his savings leaving his widow and children destitute. A subscription was raised for the benefit of his family, and £130 was collected in just the first few days.

</doc>
<doc id="20780939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780939" title="Nazas">
Nazas

Nazas is a city and seat of the municipality of Nazas, in the state of Durango, north-western Mexico. 

</doc>
<doc id="20780940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780940" title="Daisuke Kikuchi">
Daisuke Kikuchi

Career statistics.
As of 31 December 2010
National Team Career.
As of 6 October 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20780941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780941" title="Walter H. Tyler">
Walter H. Tyler

Walter H. Tyler (28 March 1909 – 3 November 1990) was an American art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for eight more in the category Best Art Direction.
He was born in Los Angeles, California and died in Orange County, California. His grandson is film composer Brian Tyler.
Selected filmography.
Tyler won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for eight more:

</doc>
<doc id="20780957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780957" title="Korab II">
Korab II

Korab II is a mountain in Albania. Korab II is the second highest peak of Mount Korab, reaching a height of above sea level. The peak has no official name so is called "Korab II" because it is nearly as high as Mount Korab at high. The peak has no name which does not appear on maps of the area. Korab II splits away from the main border ridge and it and Shulani i Radomirës, at high, are located in Albania. The height of Korab II though could be many metres higher or even just a few metres lower than Mount Korab.

</doc>
<doc id="20780967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780967" title="Latvian Naval Forces">
Latvian Naval Forces

Latvian Naval Forces () is a branch of the National Armed Forces tasked with conducting military and rescue operations at sea. The NF perform mine and explosive sweeping on the Baltic Sea, as well as search and rescue operations and ecological monitoring activities. The Naval Forces have participated in international NATO/Partnership for Peace operations and various exercises with great success. The main development priorities of the NF are to expand their activities within the Baltic States’ Ship Squadron BALTRON and to develop a Sea Surveillance System. They pay a great deal of attention to professionally specialized training and English-language teaching. One of the key tasks facing the NF is to develop its infrastructure.
History.
When Latvia regained its independence in 1991, it began recreating the Latvian Naval Forces under the command of Admiral (then Captain) Gaidis Zeibots. In 1994 the Naval Forces were composed of the Southern Region (in Liepāja), the Central Region (in Riga), the Coastal Defense Battalion (in Ventspils) and the Training Center (in Liepāja). The most important naval event of these early days of the re-established Latvian Republic occurred on April 11, 1991 when the Latvian flag was hoisted on the re-established Navy's first ship "SAMS." This date is now recognized as the rebirth of the Latvian Naval Forces.
In 1999 the Baltic Naval Squadron (BALTRON) was created with ships from the Lithuanian, Latvian and Estonian Navies. Latvian Navy Captain Ilmars Lesinskis, then the Commander of the Southern District, was appointed to serve as the first commander of this multi-national force.
On July 1, 1999 Latvian Naval Forces were reorganized. The present structure was established on the basis of previous regional units – the War Ships Flotilla (HQ is in Liepāja), the Coast Guard Ships Flotilla in Riga (subunits are in Liepāja and Ventspils), the Coastal Defense Battalion in Ventspils (subunits are along the coast of the Baltic Sea and Riga Bay), the Training Center in Liepāja, the Logistic Base in Liepāja (subunits are in Riga and Ventspils).
On July 1, 2004 Latvian Naval Forces were reorganized again and since that time they consist of the Naval Forces Headquarters, Naval Forces Flotilla HQ with subunits, and the Coast Guard Service. The new structure make possible to organize personnel training and specialization better than before, as well as to share out responsibility between commanders.
Mission.
The Naval Force provides defense of the national territorial waters, carries out explosive ordnance disposal activities at sea and harbors, co-ordinates and carries out human search and rescue operations at sea within the national responsibility area regarding search and rescue, carries out maritime assistance services and grants places of refuge to vessels, carries out vessel disaster or emergency relief efforts, contains oil and other hazardous substances spills at sea and co-ordinates relief efforts in Latvian waters
One undeniable task of all navies is to contribute to and reinforce the international prestige of the state. Warships of the Republic of Latvia have repeatedly made visits to foreign countries and have supported the visits of foreign warships and naval representatives in Latvia.
The warships of the Latvian Naval Forces Southern Region have participated in numerous international exercises (U.S. BALTOPS, COOPERATIVE JAGUAR, AMBER SEA, OPEN SPIRIT, COOPERATIVE VENTURE, BALTIC CHALLENGE, etc.). These exercises have been conducted to NATO standards, which Latvian ships have successfully met.
The main mission of Naval Forces is to:
Structure of Naval Forces.
Naval Forces Headquarters
Naval Forces Flotilla Headquarters
Coast Guard Service

</doc>
<doc id="20780977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780977" title="SD40">
SD40

SD40 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20780990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780990" title="Nombre de Dios, Durango">
Nombre de Dios, Durango

Nombre de Dios, Durango is a city and seat of the municipality of Nombre de Dios, in the state of Durango, north-western Mexico. 

</doc>
<doc id="20780992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780992" title="Chaandni Raatain">
Chaandni Raatain

Chandni Raatein (also spelled Chaandni Raatain) is a Pakistani drama centered on certain South Asian cultural backgrounds, and issues such as polygamy, motherhood and the distanced mother and daughter-in-law bond. The show aired on Pakistan Television in 2002, and repeat-telecasted from the same channel in 2008.
Plot.
Head of her family, Bee Jan (Safia Khairi) has her own strict set of rules and cultural values, which she enforces in her home with zeal and zest. The all-mighty but too traditional mother has two sons, Aamir (Javed Sheikh), who is married to Abginey (Faryal Gohar); and Aasim (Humayun Saeed), who is unmarried.
Aamir and Abginey are childless, despite eight years of happy marriage. Seeing how Abginey can not bear a child, Bee Jan decides to marry her elder son off to a younger, prettier girl. A submissive son with an almost scary mother, Aamir can not stand up and fight for Abginey. The result is his marriage to Maha (Mahnoor Baloch).
Maha is a rude, unorthodox girl, who lives life the way she wants, and clearly refuses to follow Bee Jan's rules. Bee Jan is angry but, when Maha becomes pregnant, all of her fury vanishes. Abginey is still childless, and her position in the house continues to deteriorate as Maha treats her like filth.
It is during these circumstances that Abginey's London-residing family - her parents (Badar Khalil and Shehryar Zaidi) and her younger sister, Zarmeeney (Aaminah Haq) - pay a surprise visit to Abginey. They are shocked to learn of Aamir's second marriage, which Abginey had not told them of. They try hard to take Abginey back to London with them, but she refuses outright.
Maha, meanwhile, wants Aamir's younger brother, Asim, to marry her cousin, Iraj. Defying Bee Jan and Aamir, Asim declares his love for Zarmeeney. Bee Jan is afraid that Zarmeeney might, like sister Abginey, be infertile, but Asim refuses to listen. They marry and, despite a lot of problems, come together as a happy couple in the end.
A subplot also reveals how Maha had been married previously, and has a son from that marriage.
Reception.
"The role of a woman towards/against/supporting woman' has been called the 'essence of the drama."
In 2008, "Chandni Ratein" was repeatedly telecast on PTV Home. The drama was aired from Monday to Friday for thirty minutes each day during the Matinee Time show, which re-telecasts quality television serials to provide home, family entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20780993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780993" title="Boris Yampolsky">
Boris Yampolsky

Boris Yampolsky ( (1912–1972), was a Russian writer and editor, born in Ukraine, the influences of whose Jewish childhood who remain a theme throughout his work.
Biography.
Yampolsky was born in 1912 in Bila Tserkva, in the Kiev Governorate of the Russian Empire. In 1927, he left his hometown to take over the editorship of a newspaper, initially in Baku, and subsequently in Novokuznetsk. Around this time his first two independent publications appeared, the story «Они берегут ненависть» (Тифлис) and collection of sketches, «Ингилаб». He later studied at the Maxim Gorky Literature Institute. Published in 1940 in Moscow, Boris Yampolsky's tale "Country Fair" (Russian title: "Yarmarka") is one of the finest works of Jewish-Russian literature.
His subsequent career involved spells in the Caucasus and Russia, where he was caught up in the post-Second World War crackdown on Jewish intellectuals.

</doc>
<doc id="20780998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780998" title="Reichverbandes des Bundes der deutschen Landjugend">
Reichverbandes des Bundes der deutschen Landjugend

Reichverbandes des Bundes der deutschen Landjugend (R.d. B.d.d.L.j.), generally called Landjugend, ('Country Youth') was an ethnic German youth movement in interbellum Czechoslovakia, politically related to the Farmers' League. The organization was founded in 1919. By 1922, "Landjugend" had 16,000 members.

</doc>
<doc id="20780999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20780999" title="Paul Fox">
Paul Fox

Paul Fox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20781000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781000" title="Paulina (disambiguation)">
Paulina (disambiguation)

Paulina was one of several Roman women related to Emperor Hadrian.
Paulina may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20781023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781023" title="APCB">
APCB

The APCB (Association de Pilotage des Conférences B, or in English The International B Conference Steering Committee) organizes conferences about the B-Method, one of the leading formal methods, used in high-integrity software engineering.
It has organized B meetings and conferences. From 2000, these became the ZB Conference (jointly with the Z notation, co-organized with the Z User Group), and from 2008 the ABZ conference (with Abstract State Machines as well). In 2010, the ABZ conference also included Alloy.

</doc>
<doc id="20781049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781049" title="Paul S. Fox">
Paul S. Fox

Paul Samuel Fox (September 30, 1898 – May 1972) was an American set decorator. He won three Academy Awards and was nominated for ten more in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Fox won three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for ten more:

</doc>
<doc id="20781058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781058" title="Nick van der Velden">
Nick van der Velden

Nick van der Velden (born December 16, 1981 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer, who currently plays at FC Groningen. He previously played for FC Dordrecht, RKC Waalwijk, AZ Alkmaar and NEC.

</doc>
<doc id="20781061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781061" title="Peter St. Albans">
Peter St. Albans

Peter St Albans (1864-1900) is the youngest jockey ever to win the Melbourne Cup. He won in 1876 riding Briseis at the recorded age of thirteen (he was actually eleven, eight days short of his twelfth birthday). His record is unlikely to be beaten as he rode in the Melbourne Cup when he was under the stated minimum age of thirteen. He secured the mount for the three-year-old Briseis after the regular stable jockey could not make the featherweight of 6 stone and 4 pounds (39 kilos). Before 75,000 at Flemington Briseis, with St Albans in the saddle, comfortably won by one length in the biggest field of all time. "At 4 o'clock the starter released the 33 runners and they swept down the long Flemington straight in a thundering rush. Briseis, ridden by what one writer termed a mere child, (in the Cup) captured a rare double, the Victoria Race Club Derby and the Melbourne Cup. Shouts and hurrahs were heard, hats were thrown in the air and one excited individual fell on his back in the attempt to do a somersault. The boy who rode the winner was carried around the pack and is the hero of the day," reported the "Australasian Sketcher" in 1876. Both Peter St Albans and Briseis have now become racing legends, and Briseis is regarded as one of the greatest mares foaled in Australia.
Background.
Prior to winning the 1876 Melbourne Cup, St Albans had an earlier important victory aboard Briseis when the 11-year-old rode her to win the 1876 Doncaster when the then two-year-old filly was only allowed to carry an even smaller weight of 5 stone 7 pounds (34 kilos). Before going to Sydney as a strapper with Briseis, St Albans had won his first race, a maiden plate at Geelong, and on Briseis, but due to his inexperience he wasn't booked to ride the filly in the Doncaster at Randwick. However, as her jockey Tom Hales was over the weight that she was allowed to carry, he recommended the young strapper - St Albans - as showing great ability as a horseman, and having a special bond with the filly. Many ardent racegoers questioned the running of Briseis as a two-year-old in the demanding Doncaster, particularly with an 11-year-old in the saddle. However, they made a great team. Altogether they won three Sydney races at Randwick that autumn.
By the age of seventeen Peter St Albans had also added the Sires' Produce Stakes and the Geelong Cup to his winnings.
St. Albans, however, only had a limited career in the saddle. Following a fall in Sydney he became a horse trainer at 19 under the name of Peter Bowden. He went on to become a successful trainer and trained Forest King who was runner-up in the 1891 Caulfield Cup.
He died in 1900 at the age of 35, and it is said that he had one of the biggest funerals ever seen at Geelong. The Geelong Racing Club each year award the Peter St Albans Trophy to the champion jockey at Geelong (most wins at that circuit).
Peter St Albans had been born in Geelong on 15 November 1864 as Michael Bowden, named after his father, but he soon became known as Peter. He then, for in his racing career, took as a surname the name of the stud where he had been born, and where he worked.
It has been said, and has become racing legend, that Peter St Albans was Aboriginal, and the first Aboriginal jockey to win the Melbourne Cup. The legend arose as, not yet being 13 years old St. Albans was too young to ride in the 1876 Melbourne Cup. Thus, to allow him to race Briseis in the Cup, it was argued his birthdate and parents were unknown, and from this the legend of him being Aboriginal grew. That he changed his surname is supposed to be the proof that his mother was Aboriginal; and that the owner of the stud James Wilson Snr. was devoted to St Albans is supposed to be the proof that either he or his son is St Albans' father. The tale also contends St Albans was left as a baby on the doorstep of one of the stud grooms, Michael Bowden, and raised by him and his wife. This is all strongly denied by his family and his descendants, who say that Michael Bowden and his wife were Peter's true parents. They even hold a copy of Peter's birth certificate. A colour painting by Frederick Woodhouse featuring St Albans, youthful, and very white, standing alongside Briseis with stable jockey Tom Hales in the saddle also confirms the family's story; as does a wood engraving of Briseis with St Albans in the saddle held by the State Library of Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="20781072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781072" title="Josef Rölleke">
Josef Rölleke

Josef Rölleke (23 August 1924 - 6 October 2011) was an Unterscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20781090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781090" title="Kim Yeong-Gi">
Kim Yeong-Gi

Kim Yeong-Gi (Korean: 김영기, Hanja: 金永基; Japanese: キム・ヨンギ, born 24 January 1985 in Himeji, Hyōgo, Japan) is a Japanese-born South Korean footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20781102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781102" title="Ali Moeen">
Ali Moeen

Ali Moeen is a Pakistani dramatist and lyricist. He has written more than a dozen drama serials with dictionary seeking titles and also is known as the Gulzar of Pakistan music industry as lyricist, having written more than a hundred songs for various Pakistani artists.
Biography.
Born November 20, 1968 in Lahore, to Nikhat Irshad and Syed Fakharuddin Balley. At the age of 3 his parents migrated to the town in the south of Punjab, Bahawalpur where at the age of 5 he was enrolled in the Saint Dominican Convent School.
He started writing poetry at the age of 14. When he turned 18, he went to Government College University, Lahore for graduation. His 1st book of poetry Badan Ki Khanqah Say came in 1991, followed by Bhagwa Bhais, the only book in the Urdu Language from Pakistan that has personality sketches about common people. He did his masters in English & political science.
Hum International Tele Film Festival 2008 Best Drama Writer Award.
On December 2, 2008, Ali Moeen was awarded the Best Drama Writer of Pakistan in the Hum TV's HUM Tele Film Festival 2008 for the tele film “Aik Aadh Hafta". It is a story of a mother who is about to die and lives with her spinster daughter Rashda. This woman has two other children-one daughter who is already married and one son who lives separately. Rashda alone lives with her mother and has sacrificed all her emotions and dreams to look after the dimming lights in the eyes of her mother. the rest of the family is not really interested in what happens to the mother or if she survives. they have their eyes on the only home that they want to sell, scoop their share and give their life a breath of peace from the crisis they face. Rashda is the only one standing in the way of realization. The relationship between the mother and Rashda is also very strange and weird .They love each other as a natural course as well as hate, though not so loudly but the irritation they feel in each other’s presence is enough to establish the love–hate relationship. The irony is that mother knows that her death is being awaited and that’s where the entire meanings of existence change for her as well as the sense of time and space. The whole story is in fact the deconstruction of the idea called Life and what it means when eyed from the angle of relations. It’s a 360 degree incision of our social being and cross section of the belongingness of this being in time and space.
Yeh Hum Naheen (Urdu ﻳﻪ ﮨﻢ ﻧﹷﮭﹻﮟ,) – This Is Not Us!
Ali Moeen wrote the lyrics for Yeh Hum Naheen, a peace song sung by Pakistan's leading artists as part of an international campaign against terrorism. The song and message behind have been covered by the international media. The campaign was a brainchild of Waseem Mahmood, author and media consultant, who took inspiration for the project from his children, who were tired at the way a minority of misguided young people were putting forward a message of radicalization and terrorism which was at odds with what the majority of Muslims believe. The central message of the song is a that of reconciliation, peace and truth, and is intended as the voice of the silent majority of Pakistanis who are saddened and shocked at the high-jacking of Islam by terrorists, and want to stand up and shout “This is Not Us”. Yeh Hum Naheen was written in Urdu in words that are simple and meant to reach audiences across the board. The music was composed by Shuja Haider. Yeh Hum Naheen has not only topped MTV Asia and Pakistani charts, but has also made its presence felt on the British charts.
Script writing.
Ali Moeen does freelance work as Script Writer (Drama, Films, Tele Films, Magazine Programs), Lyricist, Concept Director, Copy Writer, Product Development.
Drama serials.
Ali Moeen wrote several award winning drama serials.

</doc>
<doc id="20781105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781105" title="Joseph Rundel">
Joseph Rundel

Joseph Rundel (died 1763) was a merchant, brewer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the 1st General Assembly of Nova Scotia. His surname also appears as Rundle or Rundell.
He married Elizabeth Randel in Halifax in 1753. He was buried in Halifax on May 10, 1763.

</doc>
<doc id="20781109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781109" title="Rotterdam Blaak railway station">
Rotterdam Blaak railway station

Rotterdam Blaak is a railway station and metro station in the Dutch city of Rotterdam, located on the Breda–Rotterdam railway between Rotterdam and Dordrecht. The station is located in the centre of the city, near the cube houses.
On May 2, 1877, the first railway station on this location was opened, then called Rotterdam Beurs. This station was part of a 2.2 km (1.4 mi) long viaduct. After the station had been destroyed during World War II, a new station opened in 1953, called Rotterdam Blaak.
When the underground metro station, which opened on 6 May 1982, was built space was already reserved for a possible underground railway station directly underneath the metro station. On 15 September 1993, this new underground railway station was opened, as part of a 2.8 km (1.7 mi) long tunnel. This tunnel, including the station, now had 4 tracks instead of the 2 on the viaduct.
Train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS).
Train services.
The following services call at Rotterdam Blaak:
Other public transport.
The metro of lines A, B, and C call at the subway station, simply called "Blaak".
Several Rotterdam tram and bus lines call at the Rotterdam Blaak station. A tram stop is located between the entrances of the railway and the metro station, where RET-line 21 stops.
!Previous!!!!Line!!!!Next

</doc>
<doc id="20781113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781113" title="Australian Defence Basketball Association">
Australian Defence Basketball Association

The Australian Defence Force Basketball Association (ADFBA) formed in 1983, is an accredited Australian Defence Force sporting association under the auspices of the Australian Defence Force Sports Council (ADFSC). 
Awards.
Most Valuable Players.
The Bob Croxton Trophy is awarded to the women's MVP and the Brian Egan Trophy to the men's MVP. 
Player's Player Award.
Award voted on by the players in recognition of an admired competitor.
Female's Player's Player is awarded the Donna Puglisi Trophy.
Male's Player's Player is awarded the Chris Siegmann Trophy.
Rookie of the Year Award.
Award given to the best player in their first year.
Champion Point Scorers.
Awarded to players who tally highest points total during championships. The men's champion is awarded the Bob Shortridge Trophy.
The point scoring titles ceased to be awarded from 2011.
Champion Three Point Shooters.
Three point contest held traditionally as interval between the Men's & Women's Finals Games, hosted by the Brotherhood and Sisterhood.
Major Greg "Frenchie" McDougall Award.
Awarded to the person who demonstrates the energy, indomitable spirit, sense of fair play and enjoyment of life that the late Major Gregory John "Frenchie" McDougall displayed both on and off the court.
Administration.
Australian Defence Force Basketball Association is administered by the ADBA committee and is responsible to the Australian Defence Sports Council (ADSC). The ADFBA was originally formed in 1983. The first committee was established by six members. LEUT Bruce Fallon (Navy), Will Van Weedenberg (Army), MAJ Adrian Corkeron (Army), WGCDR Bob Shortridge (Air Force), SQNLDR Amanda Leslie (Air Force), and FSGT John Nordheim (Air Force).
The 2010 National Championships was disbanded following an investigation into the conduct of the 2009 Championships. 
ADFBA Official Logo.
In 2012, the current logo was installed. Designed by Kellie Davis and approved by the ADFBA Committee meeting held at RAAF Fairbairn, Canberra ACT.
The first ADFBA logo was designed during the 1999 Arafura Games by a committee of those attending the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20781116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781116" title="Balbriggan RFC">
Balbriggan RFC

Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal County. They play in Division Three of the Leinster League. The club colours are green and black. 
The Second/J2 XV play in the Leinster North East Area League (Mc Gee Cup). They also field several underage teams from U7's through to U18's and U20's. The club started the 2007/2008 Season playing at the new club grounds in Balrothery, Co. Dublin nextdoor to North County Cricket Club. The club plans further major developments which will see the building of a clubhouse, swimming pool, gyms and training areas. On Friday 14 November 2008 the 500 Lux Flood Lighting system was turned on for the first time on the main pitch, soon to be followed by the second pitch. The third full size sand based all weather pitch will be ready and lit for the start of the 2009/10 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20781133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781133" title="Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics">
Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics

The Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics (BBS) is the centralized official bureau in Bangladesh for collecting statistics on demographics, the economy, and other facts about the country and disseminating the information.
Although independent statistical programs had existed in the country before, they were often incomplete or produced inaccurate results, which led the Government of Bangladesh establishing an official bureau in August 1974, by merging four of the previous larger statistical agencies, the Bureau of Statistics, the Bureau of Agriculture Statistics, the Agriculture Census Commission and the Population Census Commission.
In July 1975, the Statistics Division was created and placed under the Ministry of Planning in order to control it administratively In 2002, the Statistics Division merged with Planning Commission and the burea is now controlled by the Ministry of Planning and office.
With its headquarters in Dhaka, the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics, as of 2008, has 23 regional statistical offices and 489 Upazilla/Thana offices located in the 23 districts of Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="20781148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781148" title="Grade I listed buildings in Tyne and Wear">
Grade I listed buildings in Tyne and Wear

There are 75 Grade I listed buildings in Tyne and Wear, England.
In England and Wales the authority for listing is granted by the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990 and is presently administered by English Heritage, an agency of the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. In Tyne and Wear, the councils of Gateshead, Newcastle upon Tyne, North Tyneside, South Tyneside and Sunderland each maintain a list of Grade I listed buildings.
In the United Kingdom the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical or cultural significance. Grade I buildings are described as being "buildings of outstanding or national architectural or historic interest".
Several of the entries relate to more than one listed structure where these have been grouped together as part of the same geographical location or where ancillary structures (such as walls and gates in front of a building) are listed separately.

</doc>
<doc id="20781157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781157" title="Pauline (given name)">
Pauline (given name)

Pauline is a female given name. It was originally the French form of Paulina, a female version of Paulinus, a variant of Paulus meaning "the little", hence "the younger". 
The corresponding form for the name in Italian is Paolina (Paula corresponds to Paola). In Russian, the corresponding name is Полина (pronounced Polina). A Finnish form of the name is Pauliina; in Greece it is Παυλίνα or Πωλίνα (Paulina, pronounced Pavleena or Paulina, Poleena). In French, other diminutives of Paula exist, namely Paulette and Pauletta.

</doc>
<doc id="20781160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781160" title="Born in a Crash">
Born in a Crash

Born in a Crash is a European compilation EP release by the band Therapy?. It was released on 25 August 1993 on A&M Records. All tracks were previously released in the UK on different EP's. Tracks 1, 2, 3 and 4 originally featured on the "Face the Strange" EP, and tracks 5, 6, 7 and 8 originally featured on the "Opal Mantra" EP.
The mini-album was released on CD only.
Track listing.
All songs written by Therapy?

</doc>
<doc id="20781161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781161" title="Oostplein (Rotterdam Metro)">
Oostplein (Rotterdam Metro)

Oostplein is an underground subway station in the city of Rotterdam, located on the Rotterdam Metro lines A, B, and C. The station opened on May 10, 1982, on the same date that the East-West Line (also formerly called the Caland line), of which it is a part, was opened.
The station is located near the border between the city center and the borough Kralingen-Crooswijk. Overground people can get on at RET-Rotterdam tram lines 7 and 21.
!Previous!!!!Line!!!!Next

</doc>
<doc id="20781163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781163" title="Hiroshi Hayano">
Hiroshi Hayano

Hiroshi Hayano (born November 14, 1955 in Japan) is a former Japanese football player and manager.
Hayano last managed Yokohama F. Marinos, his second spell as manager of the club. He had previously led Marinos to their first J. League title in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20781167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781167" title="German Christian Social People's Party">
German Christian Social People's Party

German Christian Social People's Party (, DCVP, ) was an ethnic German political party in Czechoslovakia, formed as a continuation from the Austrian Christian Social Party. It was founded in November 1919 in Prague. The party had good relations with its Czechoslovak brother party.
In the summer of 1919, a programme for the party was drafted. On September 28, 1919, the programme was approved by a Bohemian party conference in Prague. On November 2, 1919, the program was adopted at a national party conference with delegates from Bohemia, Moravia and Silesia.
The party had an agrarian front, "Reichbauernbund" (a name retained from the Austrian period), and a trade union centre, "Deutsch-Christlichen Gewerbe- und Handwekerbund".
In the 1920 election, the party won ten seats (3.6% of the nationwide vote).
In the 1925 election, DCVP won 13 parliamentary seats (4.3% of the vote). After the election, the party joined the Czechoslovak national government, and DCVP politician Robert Mayr-Harting became Minister of Justice. In 1926 Gottlieb Pruscha succeeded Kirsch as general secretary of the party.
As of 1928, the party had around 38,000 members. Around 22,000 of them lived in Bohemia, 9,000 in Silesia and Northern Moravia and 7,000 in Central and Southern Moravia.
In the 1929 election, the DCVP got 14 seats, having got 4.7% of the national vote. After the election, DCVP was excluded from the national government.
In the 1935 election, DCVP gathered 2% of the national vote. The party got six parliamentary seats. After the election, the party supported the candidature of Edvard Beneš for president of the republic. In 1936, DCVP was again included in the Czechoslovak government. DCVP member of parliament Erwin Zajicek became Minister without portfolio.
After the "Anschluß" of Austria, the rightwing tendencies inside DCVP were emboldened and took charge of the party. The DCVP members of parliament joined the Sudeten German Party (SdP). DCVP wasn't formally dissolved, but declared that the activities of the party were suspended. The German Christian trade unions that had been tied to DCVP also aligned with SdP.

</doc>
<doc id="20781168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781168" title="Douglas E. Lumpkin">
Douglas E. Lumpkin

Douglas E. Lumpkin, an Ohio civil servant, was appointed as the director of the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services (ODJFS), Ohio's largest agency, and a member of the Ohio Governor's Cabinet, by Governor Ted Strickland on December 19, 2008. Lumpkin began his tenure as director of the ODJFS on January 12, 2009.
Background.
Lumpkin has a bachelor's degree in biology from Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio. Douglas E. Lumpkin's father, Clarence Lumpkin, is a longtime community activist in Columbus, Ohio and has been affectionately referred to as, "the mayor of Linden."
Public service.
From 2003-2005, Lumpkin was chief operating and information officer for Ohio State Auditor Betty Montgomery. Lumpkin worked for the Ohio Attorney General, where he was director of administration, for 20 years. He has also worked for the Secretary of State of Ohio.
Ohio Department of Job and Family Services.
Lumkin was director of the Franklin County Department of Job and Family Services for three years. After the Controversial Ohio database searches of Joe Wurzelbacher, and Helen Jones-Kelley's resignation as director of the ODJFS on December 17, 2008, Douglas E. Lumpkin was chosen by Governor Ted Strickland to become director of the ODJFS.
Director of Franklin County Department of Job and Family Services.
While director of the Franklin County Department of Job and Family Services, Lumpkin oversaw an agency with around 700 employees and with a budget exceeding 145 million dollars. During his tenure, the Franklin County Department of Job and Family Services served 24,000 people on public assistance, 130,000 people receiving food stamps, 184,000 enrolled in Medicaid, and 12,000 depended on child-care subsidies. Commenting on the responsibilities of his position, Lumpkin stated that in Ohio, "Franklin County is, by far, the largest county for handling refugees."
Appointment as director of ODJFS.
Upon appointing Lumpkin as director of ODJFS, Governor Strickland stated that, “Doug’s background in public administration, government and technology, combined with his strong commitment to public service make him an ideal candidate to lead the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services. Our state is facing historic economic challenges, and I am glad that Doug will be leading the agency that will provide critical services to those most in need at this time.”
Joel Potts, the senior policy analyst for the Ohio Job and Family Services Directors' Association, commented on Lumpkin's appointments by stating that, "It is an outstanding choice for the governor. Doug has the experience and leadership necessary to help the state through one of the most difficult times we've seen in decades. He's the right man for the job."<ref name="tcd 12/20"/>
Lumpkin announced his resignation as Director on January 5, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20781174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781174" title="Hiroshi Matsuda">
Hiroshi Matsuda

Hiroshi Matsuda (松田 浩, born September 2, 1960 in Nagasaki, Japan) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20781177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781177" title="Birr RFC">
Birr RFC

Birr RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Birr, County Offaly. They play in Division Three of the Leinster League. The club colours are green, black and white.In June 2013 Birr rugby club won 5000 euro from Ulster bank rugby force.The Birr Under 13 team won the midlands league in the 2011-2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20781183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781183" title="Satu Mare Chain Church">
Satu Mare Chain Church

The Chains Church (; ), a Reformed church in Satu Mare, Romania, is one of the oldest churches in the city.
Located on Păcii Square, it was built based on the plans of Preinlich Sigismund, an engineer, between 1793 and 1802. The church has a valuable collection of plates, disks and glasses dating from 1657-1679, as well as the oldest bell in Satu Mare, dating to 1633.
The furniture inside the church was made between 1799-1807, from oak, by a master craftsman named Frits Iosif.

</doc>
<doc id="20781185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781185" title="Jun Suzuki (footballer born 1961)">
Jun Suzuki (footballer born 1961)

Jun Suzuki (鈴木 淳, born August 17, 1961 in Japan) is a former Japanese football player currently coaching Japanese club JEF United Chiba.
Suzuki has previously coached Montedio Yamagata and Albirex Niigata. He took over from Chang Woe-Ryong as coach of Omiya in April 2010.
On December 26,2012 he was appointed the new manager for J2 side JEF United Ichihara Chiba. Suzuki came to Chiba after Takashi Kiyama's resignation after the team failed to get promotion to J1.
Since 2013, Suzuki is the manager of J. League Division 2 side JEF United Chiba, after failing to get promotion on his first season, he'll continue in charge for the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20781188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781188" title="S.B. Sinha">
S.B. Sinha

Satya Brata Sinha, known as S. B. Sinha is a jurist and a former judge of the Supreme Court of India.
Introduction.
Justice S. B. Sinha was born on August 8, 1944 at Dhanbad in the state of Jharkhand, India. He Passed his matriculation examination from H.E. School, Dhanbad and received his Bachelor of Laws (B.L) Degree from Chota Nagpur Law College in 1967. Justice Joined the Dhanbad District Court in 1968 after which he shifted his practice to Ranchi upon constitution of the Permanent Bench of the Patna High Court in 1976.
He was designated as Senior Advocate by the Patna High Court. Subsequently, he was appointed as the first Government Advocate of the Ranchi Bench of the Patna High Court and was elevated to the Bench of Patna High Court on March 9, 1987. He was transferred to the Calcutta High Court on May 11, 1994. He has served as the Chief Justice of the High Courts of Calcutta, Andhra Pradesh and Delhi.
He was elevated as a Judge of the Supreme Court of India on October 3, 2002 and retired on August 8, 2009.
Supreme Court Judge.
As a Judge of the Supreme Court of India Justice S. B. Sinha delivered several landmark judgments including, inter alia:
1. Zee Telefilms v. Union of India (dissenting) AIR 2005 SC 2677
2. Action Committee, Un-Aided Pvt. Schools v. Director of Education, Delhi MANU/SC/1458/2009
3. Swami Shraddhananda v. State of Maharashtra (Appeal (Crl.) 454 of 2006) (Judgment date: 8/5/2007).
4. Santosh Bariyar v. State of Maharashtra (Appeal (Crl.) 1478 of 2005) (Judgment date: 13/5/2007).
5. Anuj Garg v. Hotel Association of India (Appeal (Civ.) 5657 of 2007) (Judgment date: 6/12/2007).
A Workoholic, throughout his tenure he remained a dedicated and highly respected Judge of the Court.
TDSAT Chairman.
On 3 November 2009, after retirement from the Supreme Court, Justice S. B. Sinha was appointed as the Chairman of the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) succeeding Justice Arun Kumar who retired in September, 2009.
His son Mr. Indrajit Sinha is practising at Jharkhand High Court at present. 

</doc>
<doc id="20781203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781203" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1957–1963">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1957–1963

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1957 and 1963. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20781205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781205" title="Stadhuis (Rotterdam Metro)">
Stadhuis (Rotterdam Metro)

Stadhuis (Dutch for city hall) is an underground subway station in the city of Rotterdam, and is located on Rotterdam Metro lines D and E. The station opened on February 9, 1968, on the same date that the North-South Line (also temporarily called Erasmus line), of which it is a part, was opened.
The station is located in the center of Rotterdam, underneath the Coolsingel, a major street through the center.

</doc>
<doc id="20781226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781226" title="R. A. Rooney &amp; Sons">
R. A. Rooney &amp; Sons

R. A. Rooney & Sons Ltd. is a maker of shaving brushes, with over 200 years in business both in the UK and overseas (plus more than a century in Galway, Ireland). The exact origin of this company is unknown because of a huge fire in 1886 at their Bishopsgate plant that destroyed most of their old records.
Rooney, now called The City of London Brushworks, offers both machine-made and handmade brushes. Many of their bristle buyers and bristle dressers have been with the company for over 50 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20781227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781227" title="Jun Suzuki">
Jun Suzuki

Jun Suzuki may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20781237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781237" title="2008 Iowa Corn Indy 250">
2008 Iowa Corn Indy 250

The 2008 Iowa Corn Indy 250 was the eighth round of the 2008 IndyCar Series season. The race was held on June 22, 2008 at the Iowa Speedway in Newton, Iowa. At the green flag, Hélio Castroneves took the lead in turn 1 from polesitter Scott Dixon. Tony Kanaan quickly moved up to second position. Over the next 10-15 laps, Castroneves and Kanaan battled back-and-forth for the lead, side-by-side on many laps. Kanaan finally muscled the lead away on lap 16, and gained a lead of roughly one second. On lap 39, Ed Carpenter brushed the outside wall in turn 2. The leaders pit, and Kanaan exited the pits as the leader. On lap 51, the green came back out, and a lap later, Castroneves got by Kanaan for the lead. Jaime Camara brought out the yellow on lap 106 when his car lost power and stopped on the course. After another sequence of pit stops, Kanaan led Dan Wheldon and Marco Andretti. On the restart, Wheldon lost control and slid up the track, falling to 8th place.
On lap 157 Mario Moraes spun into the pit apron, bringing out a caution, and the leaders pitted. John Andretti's pitcrew had trouble engaging the fuel hose, and he dropped back the end of the running order. Prior to this he had been running in 7th place, one of the highest positions ever for a Roth Racing car. Castroneves regained the lead on lap 170, and held it until another yellow came out on lap 188 for a spin by Enrique Bernoldi. Most of the leaders pitted, but Wheldon, Hideki Mutoh, and Danica Patrick stayed out to lead the field. On the restart Moraes spun for the second time of the day, and prolonged the yellow until lap 202. On lap 212, Kanaan (running third) suddenly lost control and crashed in turn 1.
On the lap 227 restart, Marco Andretti and Dixon passed Patrick to take third and fourth place respectively. Over the final 15 laps, Mutoh and Marco Andretti battled for second, with Mutoh holding off Andretti's challenge. Wheldon went on to win, and Chip Ganassi Racing donated their race winnings from both cars to Iowa flood relief. After getting by Patrick late in the race, A. J. Foyt IV finished in the top 5, while John Andretti just missed the top 10, working his way back to 11th.

</doc>
<doc id="20781239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781239" title="Sayaka Akimoto">
Sayaka Akimoto

, is a Japanese idol singer, dancer, actress, television host, and model. She is best known as being a member of the Japanese idol girl group AKB48, where she had served as the captain of Team K and has also been involved in the AKB48 sub-unit Diva.
Career.
Akimoto was born and raised in Chiba Prefecture to a Japanese father and a Filipino mother.
On the last day of the Budoukan concert on August 23, 2009, during the team shuffle, Akimoto was officially made captain of Team K.
Akimoto has been featured on every single by the group as she is the Captain of Team K making her a regular featured member for most of their A-side tracks until she was suddenly hit with a scandal in 2010. Since then she has only appeared on A-side tracks from a general election or a rock-paper-scissors tournament. On August 24, 2012, Yuko Oshima replaced her as the captain of Team K.
She is sometimes seen performing with the group during their live appearances on TV when the other featured members are on busy schedules. She has since been involved with sub-unit group DiVA under Avex. Akimoto is also one of the most well-known members among the public, as she was a regular on the popular noon TV show "Waratte Iitomo", and as well as appearing in many variety TV shows.
On April 7, 2013 Akimoto announced on her official blog that she would not be participating in AKB48's 2013 general election, and would be graduating from AKB48 to focus on her acting. She plans to continue in the DiVA group. Her graduation ceremony was held on August 22 at the Tokyo Dome, and her final stage performance was held on August 28 at the AKB48 Theater, and has been streamed live by Nico Nico Namahousou.
Controversy.
Alleged sex scandal.
On October 13, 2010, Akimoto was caught up in an alleged scandal with director Oji Hiroi after Weekly magazine "Shukan Bunshun" reported that he visited her apartment on October 9, and stayed overnight. According to the magazine, Hiroi visited her place 30 minutes after she came back home. After Ayaka Umeda (another AKB48 member), who at the time was Akimoto's roommate, left the house the next day, Akimoto and Hiroi were seen coming out of the apartment, albeit separately. The magazine asserts that Hiroi visited Akimoto's apartment on the 7th as well. Hiroi was known as the creator of the hit games "Tengai Makyo" and "Sakura Taisen", and also produced the musical "AKB Kagekidan". The scandal lay in the fact that Sayaka starred in the AKB48 musical, leading many to speculate whether she landed the part in an honest manner.
Akimoto and Hiroi both denied anything happening between them during that night although Hiroi did admit that he stayed overnight and slept on a sofa and that they were only watching a movie together. Akimoto later on talked about this issue on the radio show "AKB48 no all night Nippon" which aired on October 16, in which she also apologized for creating a big issue and misunderstanding. She also announced that she would step down as the captain of Team K.
On February 27, 2011, it was announced that Akimoto was re-instated as the captain of Team K after she completed the Tokyo Marathon. Various members of AKB48 showed their support for her by watching the marathon in the studio and leaving kind messages to her.

</doc>
<doc id="20781240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781240" title="Calvaria Roman Catholic Church, Satu Mare">
Calvaria Roman Catholic Church, Satu Mare

The Calvaria Church (; ) is a Roman Catholic religious building in Satu Mare, Romania, and one of the oldest churches in the city. Located on Mihai Eminescu Street, it was originally built in 1844, and stands in place of a the old fortress "Castrum-Zothmar". Its original walls broke after the foundation caved over the sandy ground. The church was rebuilt from the ground up by the Weszelovszky brothers, in 1908-1909. The church has a height of .

</doc>
<doc id="20781242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781242" title="Robert Sanderson (Nova Scotia)">
Robert Sanderson (Nova Scotia)

Robert Sanderson (January 16, 1696 – after 1761) was a merchant, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the 1st General Assembly of Nova Scotia.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Robert Sanderson. In 1718, he married Ann Orne. He married Mary Masters in 1727. Sanderson was chosen as the first Speaker of the House of Assembly of Nova Scotia, serving from 1758 to August 1759. He was replaced by William Nesbitt for the second session. With Malachy Salter, he was owner of the privateer "Lawrence", which operated during the Seven Years' War. He later left the province; Sanderson was in England in 1761 and appeared before the Board of Trade and Plantations, reporting on "irregularities in the administration of the government of Nova Scotia".

</doc>
<doc id="20781252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781252" title="Malaysia Federal Route 197">
Malaysia Federal Route 197

Federal Route 197 or Jalan Tok Deh-Gual Periok (Formerly Kelantan State Route ) is a federal road in Kelantan, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 197 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20781269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781269" title="Leuvehaven (Rotterdam Metro)">
Leuvehaven (Rotterdam Metro)

Leuvehaven is an underground subway station in the city of Rotterdam. It is part of Rotterdam Metro lines D and E. The station opened on February 9, 1968, on the same date that the North-South Line (also formerly called Erasmus line), of which it is a part, was opened.
The station is located in the southern part of the center of Rotterdam, underneath the Schiedamsedijk, and near the northern end of the Erasmus Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20781279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781279" title="Yongkang District">
Yongkang District

Yongkang District () is a district in Tainan, Taiwan.
History.
Due to the development of manufacturing and food-processing industries, Yongkang has become a migrant city since the 1970s, attracting many people from neighboring cities who now work and live in the city. Its population experienced a large increase during the 1970s, and Yongkang became the largest city in Tainan County in 1977.
Yongkang was formerly the largest city of Tainan County until it merged with Tainan City to form the new Tainan municipality.
Though the increase in population today is not as rapid as it was before, Yongkang still enjoys the steady growth envied by other cities or towns.

</doc>
<doc id="20781281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781281" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1963–1969">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1963–1969

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1963 and 1969. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20781304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781304" title="Typhoon Dolphin (2008)">
Typhoon Dolphin (2008)

Typhoon Dolphin (International designation:0822, JTWC designation:27W, PAGASA name: Ulysses) was the 22nd Tropical Storm and the 11th Typhoon to be monitored by the Japan Meteorological Agency. Dolphin was also the 27th Tropical Depression, 25th Tropical Storm as well as the 12th Typhoon to be monitored by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center during the 2008 Pacific typhoon season. The only impact that was reported from Typhoon Dolphin was to the M/Bca Mae Jan, which was a cargo passenger ship which sank on December 14, due to rough seas caused by Typhoon Dolphin. There were 46 people reported dead while seven were reported as missing. 
Typhoon Dolphin formed as a Tropical Depression early on December 8, 2008 to the northwest of Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands. Over the next few days as the depression moved towards the west, the depression slowly intensified into a Tropical Storm being named Dolphin by the JMA on December 12. The next day as Tropical Storm Dolphin moved into PAGASA's area of responsibility, it was assigned the local name of Ulysses. Dolphin was then upgraded to a Typhoon the next day and reached its peak winds off 65 kts (75 mph; 120 km/h 10-minute winds) and 90 kts (105 mph; 165 km/h 1-minute winds) later that day. On December 17, as Typhoon Dolphin was approaching the edge of PAGASA's Area of responsibility, it was downgraded to a tropical storm by both the JMA and the JTWC. Tropical Storm Dolphin was then declared as extratropical the next day as it moved towards the northeast.
Meteorological history.
On December 2, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) began to issue gale warnings on a new-born extratropical cyclone around the Ogasawara Islands, and JMA started to issue storm warnings when the system accelerated eastward on the next day. The storm reached storm-force and attained its extratropical peak intensity with 10-minute maximum sustained winds of 60 knots (110 km/h, 70 mph) on December 4, when it was located far east of Japan; however, the low became developed late on the same day.
The storm north of Wake Island started to track east-southeastward on December 5, as well as it tracked southeastward then southward on December 6. At noon, it became a developing low again and reached its extratropical peak intensity for the second time, before it moved into the tropics. On December 7, the storm started to track southwestward and weakened into a gale-force system; eventually, the system transformed into a tropical depression southeast of Wake Island early on December 8.
However early the next day, the JMA downgraded the depression to a low pressure area as the depression's low level circulation center was partially exposed and was in an area of moderate to high vertical wind shear. However the JMA re-upgraded the disturbance to a weak tropical depression 24 hours later. At 0600 UTC that morning, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC), released a significant tropical weather advisory and rated the chances of the disturbance becoming a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as poor, due to a quikscat pass had shown that the low level circulation center had broken down into a wave. However after the advisory was released the low level circulation center started to rapidly consolidate, and thus the JTWC initiated issuing warnings at 1200 UTC, December 10, and designated it as Tropical Depression 27W whilst it was about to the east of Guam and moving towards the west. Early the next day the depression's centre passed about to the south of Guam and made its closest approach. 
The JTWC upgraded the depression to a Tropical Storm late the next day and then early on December 12 the JMA designated the depression as a full tropical depression. The Tropical Depression was then upgraded to a Tropical Storm and named Dolphin later that morning as it moved westwards towards the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) area of responsibility. The next day as Tropical Storm Dolphin moved into PAGASA's area of responsibility, PAGASA assigned the local name of Ulysses to Dolphin. The JMA upgraded Tropical Storm Dolphin to a Severe Tropical Storm late on December 14. Whilst Dolphin was upgraded to a Typhoon by the JTWC early the next day as Dolphin recurved towards the North. Later that day the JTWC reported that Typhoon Dolphin had reached its peak winds of 90 kts (105 mph; 165 km/h 1-minute winds) which made Typhoon Dolphin a category two Typhoon on the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale. At the same time the JMA reported that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin had intensified into a Typhoon and had also reached its peak wind speeds of 65 kts (75 mph; 120 km/h 10-minute winds).
Early in the afternoon of December 16, the JMA downgraded Typhoon Dolphin from a Typhoon to a Severe Tropical Storm, as it moved towards the northwest. This came as the JTWC reported that Dolphin had weakened into a Category One Typhoon. Early the next day the JTWC downgraded Typhoon Dolphin to a Tropical Storm, whilst later that day the JMA also downgraded Dolphin to a Tropical Storm. This came as Tropical Storm Dolphin moved out of PAGASA's Area of responsibility. Early in the afternoon of December 18, both the JMA and the JTWC released their final advisories on Tropical Storm Dolphin as they downgraded Dolphin to an extratropical low. The extratropical low then dissipated the next day.
Preparations, impact and aftermath.
Micronesia.
From December 8 to December 12, large sea swells up to 3 m (9.8 ft), generated by the extratropical cyclone that was to become Typhoon Dolphin and Tropical Disturbance 03F, affected many islands throughout Micronesia including Papua New Guinea and Hawaii. The most affected areas included New Ireland, Bougainville, Manus, East Sepik, Morobe, and West Sepik. The waves affected over 50 000 to 80 000 people with over 400 people left homeless after their homes were destroyed.
Guam and Rota.
Late on December 10, as the JTWC reported that Tropical Depression 27W had formed, the National Weather Service forecast office in Guam issued a tropical storm warning for Guam as tropical storm conditions were anticipated to impact the island within 24 hours. A tropical storm watch was also declared for Rota at this time as tropical storm-force winds were possibly going to affect Rota within 24 hours. Early the next day the tropical storm watch for Rota was cancelled followed by the tropical storm warning for Guam later that day as the depression was accelerating away from the Islands. The Guam Emergency Operations Center was partially activated and Guam Homeland Security and Office of Civil Defense personnel were on call in case they were needed. Residents were advised to bring in all holiday decorations that may become airborne and prepare their emergency disaster kits. Within Guam, flights in and out of Guam International Airport were not cancelled as winds did not exceed 90 km/h, (55 mph). The maximum reported rainfall amount was at Inarajan Handar which reported 2.05 inches of rainfall in the 48 hours starting on December 10 at 0100 UTC. Guam government officials reported that there was not much significant damage, with power outages around the island being sporadic which were primarily caused by falling trees and debris. There was also some minor flooding and beach erosion caused by storm tides.
M/Bca Mae Jan.
The M/Bca Mae Jan was a cargo passenger ship which sank on December 14 due to rough seas caused by Typhoon Dolphin. The M/Bca Mae Jan was only licensed to carry 40 passengers and 10 members of crew; however, at the time of its sinking the M/Bca Mae Jan was carrying 97 people. Of the 98 people, 47 died and 7 were missing. Vessels operating in the area were asked to help in the search and rescue operation, whilst the Philippine coastguard directed three ships to perform aerial and surface searches.
The Philippine National Disaster Coordinating Council reported on December 17 that the local Government unit of Ballesteros, Cagayan had provided assistance worth 16,500 PHP ($352 2008 USD). Whilst the Department of Health-Center for Health Development had provided 27,203 PHP ($582 2008 USD) worth of assistance, in the form of drugs, fluids and medicines for the injured victims that were confined at the Ballesteros District Hospital. The Department of Social Welfare and Development provided cash and relief goods totalling up to 128,000 PHP ($2,740 2008 USD), The Department of Social Welfare and Development also propositioned standby funds of 255,000 PHP ($5,453 2008 USD).

</doc>
<doc id="20781340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781340" title="CYM RFC">
CYM RFC

CYM RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Terenure, Dublin. They play in Division Two of the Leinster League. The club colours are green, purple and white. In addition to rugby, the club also runs among others tennis, bowls, table tennis, cricket and football sections.
History.
The club was founded in 1924 by eight members of the Catholic Young Men's Society. Later that year saw the acquisition of St. Mary's, the club's headquarters, which is still in use. In the spring of 1925 the first CYM side took the field changed in stables, accompanied by a horse used for cutting grass and rolling the field.
Motto.
In 2009, as part of their new playing kit, the English Rugby Union team incorporated the team's Latin motto into the design of their New Jersey. This motto rugbeia floreat ubique, (meaning 'let rugby flourish everywhere'), led to CYM adopting a new club motto, Rugbeia tunc sextarii (meaning 'Rugby, then pints'). Having no coat-of-arms and no reference to any history, this motto was seen to embody the 'spirit' of CYM's playing style.

</doc>
<doc id="20781343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781343" title="Charles Bailyn">
Charles Bailyn

Charles David Bailyn (born October 27, 1959) is the A. Bartlett Giamatti Professor of Astronomy and Physics at Yale University and inaugural dean of faculty at Yale-NUS. He earned a B.S. in astronomy and physics from Yale in 1981 and a Ph.D. in astronomy from Harvard in 1987. His Ph.D. thesis on X-ray emitting binary stars received the Robert J. Trumpler Award for best North American Ph.D. thesis in astronomy.
Bailyn's research interests include high-energy astronomy and galactic astronomy and he has published over 100 referred papers.
During spring 2007, Bailyn recorded ASTR 160, Frontiers and Controversies in Astrophysics, as part of the Open Yale Courses initiative.
Bailyn was awarded the 2009 Bruno Rossi Prize for his research on the masses of black holes.

</doc>
<doc id="20781347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781347" title="Joseph Fairbanks">
Joseph Fairbanks

Joseph Fairbanks (September 17, 1718 – July 10, 1796) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the 1st General Assembly of Nova Scotia and represented Halifax township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1776 to 1785.
He was born in Sherborn, Massachusetts, and moved to Halifax in 1749. In that year, he married his second wife, Elizabeth Wooton. He married Lydia Blackden in 1756. He served as lieutenant during the first siege of Louisbourg in 1745. He died in Halifax at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="20781350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781350" title="Edinho Pattinama">
Edinho Pattinama

Edinho Pattinama (born 1 March 1989, Spijkenisse) is a Dutch footballer, currently playing for Eredivisie side NAC Breda. He is the son of former footballer Ton Pattinama. His twin brother Jordao plays for Feyenoord.

</doc>
<doc id="20781353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781353" title="High school ice hockey in Washington">
High school ice hockey in Washington

Washington High School Hockey is a co-ed sport, with teams divided into two leagues, the Western Washington High School Hockey League and the Tri-Cities High School Hockey League. Both leagues are divided into a division 1 and a division 2, and play through their own regular season. At the end of the season, the division 1 champions and the division 2 champions from each league play a single game championship against each other to determine the state champions in their respective divisions.
Western Washington High School Hockey League.
The Western Washington High School Hockey League is made up of 12 teams (representing 20+ schools due to cooperative team arrangements) based west of the Cascade mountains. Currently, there are 5 teams in Division 1 and 7 teams in division 2.
Tri-Cities High School Hockey league.
The Tri-Cities high School Hockey League is made up of teams east of the cascade mountains, and is currently maintained by the Tri-Cities Amateur Hockey Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20781356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781356" title="Edward Joseph Hanna">
Edward Joseph Hanna

Edward Joseph Hanna (July 21, 1860 – July 10, 1944) was an American clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of San Francisco from 1915 to 1935.
Early life and education.
Edward Hanna was born in Rochester, New York, to Edward and Anne (née Clark) Hanna, who were Irish immigrants. The eldest of six children, he had two brothers and three sisters, one of whom died in infancy. In 1867, at age seven, he began his education at Public School No. 2 in his native city. The following year, he was sent to St. Patrick's School. He entered Rochester Free Academy in 1875, and graduated as valedictorian in 1879. He there befriended his classmate, Walter Rauschenbusch, a future Baptist theologian and proponent of the Social Gospel. He and Rauschenbusch were two of the nineteen founding brothers of Pi Phi Fraternity at the academy in 1878. At the commencement ceremony, he delivered a well-received oration on Irish political leader Daniel O'Connell.
Deciding to embrace the ecclesiastical state, Hanna was sent by Bishop Bernard John McQuaid to study at the Pontifical North American College and the Urban College of Propaganda. His professor at the Propaganda, Benedetto Lorenzelli (a future cardinal), selected him and fellow student Edward A. Pace as the American representatives at a philosophical disputation before Pope Leo XIII in 1882.
Early ministry.
On May 30, 1885, Hanna was ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop Giulio Lenti at the Basilica of St. John Lateran. Pope Leo XIII was so impressed with his intellectual acumen that he conferred a Doctor of Sacred Theology degree without the need for an oral examination in 1886.
He was a professor at St. Bernard's Seminary from 1893 to 1912. On October 22, 1912, he was named by Pope Pius X auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of San Francisco and titular bishop of Titiopolis. He was ordained to the episcopate on December 4, 1912.
Archepiscopate.
Following the death of Archbishop Patrick William Riordan on December 27, 1914. Pope Benedict XV named Hanna the third Archbishop of San Francisco on June 1, 1915. 
Hanna had a close friendship with San Francisco Mayor James Rolph, Jr. The archbishop and "Sunny Jim" were seen at many civic functions. Edward J. Hanna would support Rolph in his run for governor in 1930. Governor Rolph died in office June 2, 1934, nine months later, Hanna asked to retire. 
As archbishop, Hanna was often tasked with helping resolve labor disputes. In 1921, he was named chairman of San Francisco's Wage Arbitration Boards; Hanna served on the boards through 1924. Governor James Rolph appointed Hanna as the chairman of a state mediation board to resolve the 1933 cotton strike in Corcoran, California. During the 1934 West Coast waterfront strike, President Franklin Roosevelt named Archbishop Hanna chairman of the National Longshoremen's Board. The board was tasked with resolving the strike by mediating between the International Longshoremen's Association, the International Seamen’s Union, and their employers.
In 1923 his portrait was painted three-quarters seated by the Swiss-born American portrait painter Adolfo Müller-Ury (1862–1947) shortly afterwards being exhibited at Gumps, in San Francisco. Its present whereabouts is unknown.
Hanna was key to the founding of St. Joseph's Seminary in Mountain View, California, and it was considered "the jewel of his accomplishments."
National Catholic Welfare Council.
In 1919, Hanna was elected by the bishops of the United States as the first chairman of the National Catholic Welfare Council, a predecessor of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, which was renamed the National Catholic Welfare Conference in 1922; he continued as chairman through his retirement in 1935. As chairman, he was responsible for coordinating the American bishops' lobbying efforts and response to the domestic and foreign policies of the government.
Retirement and death.
Archbishop Hanna retired March 2, 1935, due to ill health and advancing age. Pope Pius XI appointed Hanna the titular Archbishop of Gortyna. He was succeeded as Archbishop of San Francisco by John Joseph Mitty. Archbishop Hanna moved to Rome after his retirement, where he died on July 10, 1944. Archbishop Hanna's body was returned to San Francisco in 1947. He is buried in the Archbishop's Crypt at Holy Cross Cemetery in Colma, California.
Archbishop Hanna High School part of the Hanna Boys Center in Sonoma, California, since 1945, a residential treatment center for at-risk boys. 

</doc>
<doc id="20781372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781372" title="Pantheon I">
Pantheon I

Pantheon I is an extreme metal band from Oslo, Norway, and sharing some current and past members with 1349. They have the particularity to include a Cello artist in their line-up, and are often praised for being unafraid to experiment with their sound, while still keeping the musical ethos of black metal.
History.
Pantheon I was founded as a side-project in 2002 by Tjalve (from 1349). He left 1349 in 2006 to focus on Pantheon I. He was joined by Seidemann (still in 1349) in 2004.
In December 2007 the band embarked on a tour in France as support of Mayhem.
In November 2008 they recorded a new song called "I'll Come Back As Fire", which will be featured in the upcoming horror movie "Someone's Knocking at the Door", by the American director Chad Ferrin.
Their most recent album, "Worlds I Create", was released on 29 July 2009 in Europe and 11 August in North America.
In the start of 2010 Pantheon I will be part of the Summer Breeze Open Air heavy metal festival in Germany.
In November 2010 it was announced that Aethyris McKay had departed from Absu and joined Pantheon I. McKay will be taking over guitar from Kvebek who will be focusing on vocals and McKay will also be singing clean vocals for the band.

</doc>
<doc id="20781405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781405" title="Steven Saunders">
Steven Saunders

Steven Saunders (born 30 March 1991 in Rutherglen, Scotland) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership side Ross County. He plays as a centre back or right back.
Club career.
Saunders started his career with Motherwell. He made his debut as a substitute in a Scottish Premier League match against Aberdeen on 29 November 2008. After the match, manager Mark McGhee said that he was "delighted" with Saunders' performance. Saunders then started the following two games against Kilmarnock and Hamilton Academical, playing at right back, and he was again praised by McGhee for his performance in the first of those games.
In the 2009–10 season, under new manager Jim Gannon, Saunders has established himself as a regular starter in his preferred position of centre back. He scored his first goal for the club on Saturday 24 April 2010 against Hearts. Under Gannon's successor, Craig Brown, Saunders became a regular starter at right back.
On 10 August 2011, whilst playing for the Scotland under-21s, Saunders suffered an achilles tendon injury that ruled him out for most of the 2011–12 season. On 8 April 2012, Saunders made his first-team comeback as a late substitute in a 1–1 draw against Hibernian. Saunders was released by Motherwell at the end of the 2012–13 season, after another lengthy injury lay-off restricted him to just one further appearance.
On 8 July 2013, Saunders signed a 1 year deal with Ross County.
International career.
On 15 November 2010, Saunders was called up to the Scotland Squad for the first time, and made his debut the evening after in a 3–0 win over the Faroe Islands, replacing Phil Bardsley at right back in the 70th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="20781416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781416" title="Lambert Folkers">
Lambert Folkers

Lambert Folkers (died 1761) was a baker and politician. He served as a member of the 1st General Assembly of Nova Scotia; Folkers was in Halifax, Nova Scotia, by 1750. In 1761, he married Elizabeth Shelfers, his second wife. He was buried on July 9, 1761.

</doc>
<doc id="20781445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781445" title="Derek Ogilvie">
Derek Ogilvie

Derek Ogilvie (born 1965) is a self-proclaimed psychic medium and self-styled baby mindreader from Paisley, Scotland. He lives in Kilbarchan, near Glasgow.
He performs live shows around Europe in his capacity as a medium and has filmed TV programmes showcasing his talents for Ireland's RTÉ, where he has appeared weekly on "The Afternoon Show", and has recorded "Derek Ogilvie - The Baby Whisperer" for Dutch Television station RTL4.
Baby mindreading.
According to his website, Ogilvie communicates best with children who have not yet developed talking skills. "Children who are talking fluently are much harder to connect with telepathically". His book, "The Baby Mindreader" is published by HarperElement. Ogilvie says on his website that he has had great success communicating with special needs children, especially those with autism.
Scepticism.
In 2008, Ogilvie applied to be a candidate on the 'Five' programme, "Extraordinary People: The Million Dollar Mind Reader". In the show, sceptic James Randi challenged Ogilvie to prove he has psychic abilities. Ogilvie failed the test.
Although Randi thinks Ogilvie really believes himself he has special powers, he does not think those powers are actually present.
Film documentary.
In the TV documentary, "Extraordinary People: The Million Dollar Mind Reader" Ogilvie participated in and failed two experiments that tested his claim that he could read babies' minds. In one experiment at Goldsmiths College, London, Ogilvie was tasked to produce some unique knowledge about the baby's parents under conditions where the baby was brought in by a child minder. Ogilvie did not get to meet the parents. In the opinion of the researchers, Ogilvie appeared to cold read the child minder, but failed to produce any valid information pertaining to the baby's parents. Ogilvie failed to demonstrate mind reading ability that test intended to validate. Ogilvie argued that he could only report what the baby was telepathically projecting.
Ogilvie then flew to Miami, to participate in a controlled laboratory experiment, constructed by skeptic James Randi, to test for psychic ability. If Ogilvie could correctly guess 6 out of 10 randomized toy choices made by a toddler in another room, then he would have proven his psychic ability to the satisfaction of Randi, thus winning one million dollars. Ogilvie correctly guessed 1 toy choice out of 10, thus failing the test and losing the challenge. A correct guess of 1 out of 10 random toy choices was expected by chance alone.
In a final test, Ogilvie subjected himself to a quantitative electroencephalogram (QEEG), insisting to Coral Springs psychotherapist and neurofeedback therapist, Dr. Gerald Gluck that he was not faking his abilities. Ogilvie pointed to his forehead, saying he thought his ability was related to activity located in the "frontal lobe." Gluck produced charts and graphs that seemed to support the possibility that Ogilvie's brain was sensitive to emotional and non-verbal communication. In the film, Gluck did not interpret the data to mean Ogilvie possessed telepathy or mind reading ability. Gluck did not conclude on the basis of the EEG results that Ogilvie was a mind reader.

</doc>
<doc id="20781451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781451" title="William Augustus Montagu">
William Augustus Montagu

Vice-Admiral Sir William Augustus Montagu, KCH, CB (c. 1785 – 6 March 1852) was a senior and successful officer of the British Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars who served in a number of sea battles and was also in command of the naval brigade in the brief land campaign to capture Île de France in 1810. During his service he was present at the capture of numerous French frigates and later served in the War of 1812. After the end of the Napoleonic Wars he remained in service and commanded several ships in the Mediterranean before he retired from active service in 1837. He remained a commissioned officer and later rose through the ranks to become a vice-admiral. For his services he was knighted in the Royal Guelphic Order and made a Companion of the Order of the Bath.
Family background.
Born in approximately 1785, William Augustus Montagu was an illegitimate son of John Montagu, 5th Earl of Sandwich. William is thought to be named after his uncle, William Augustus, who died at Lisbon in 1776. His grandfather was John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, who served three terms as the First Lord of the Admiralty, to 1783.
Military and Parliamentary Service, and Awards.
Montagu joined the army young, going to sea aged 11 in 1796 as a volunteer on HMS "Glatton" commanded by Captain Henry Trollope. Montagu remained with Trollope when he moved, first to HMS "Russell" in which Montagu saw action at the Battle of Camperdown and subsequently HMS "Juste". In late 1800, Montagu was commissioned as a midshipman and joined the frigate HMS "Sirius". In "Sirius" he was present at the capture of "Dédaigneuse" and then moved into the brig HMS "Dasher" for four years, spent in the West Indies. In 1804 Montagu returned to Europe as a lieutenant and the following year was promoted to commander.
In 1807, Montagu became a post captain and took command of the small frigate HMS "Terpsichore" in the Indian Ocean. In March 1808, "Terpsichore" was attacked by the larger French vessel "Sémillante" and despite heavy losses, Montagu was able to outfight his opponent although he could not capture her. Soon afterward Montagu moved to HMS "Cornwallis" and served in the East Indies, forming part of the squadron that captured Amboyna from the Dutch and seized two Dutch frigates in the harbour. By 1810, Montagu was established in the Indian Ocean and was selected from the captains assembled for the Invasion of Île de France to lead the naval brigade, a force of sailors and Royal Marines deployed on shore to support the British Army forces leading the attack. During the assault Montagu fought well and was commended after his brigade assisted in breaking the French resistance around the capital Port Napoleon.
In September 1812, Montagu returned to Europe to command HMS "Niobe" in the Channel Fleet, later serving off the United States during the War of 1812 and in Portuguese waters. In June 1814, with the war coming to an end, "Niobe" was paid off and Montagu was in reserve until 1819, when he took command of HMS "Phaeton" in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Between 1818 and 1820 he sat in Parliament for Huntingdon. In 1822, "Phaeton" was paid off and Montagu was in reserve until 1834, marrying Anne Leeds, daughter of Sir George William Leeds in 1823. Montagu took command of HMS "Malabar" in 1834 and remained in her until 1837 in the Mediterranean. This was his final commission and when he was placed in reserve again in 1837 he did not return to the sea. He remained in the Navy however and slowly rose through the ranks, becoming a rear-admiral in 1841 and a vice admiral in 1851. 
Montagu was knighted in 1830 in the Royal Guelphic Order and in 1832 became a Knight Commander, accompanied by a Knight Bachelor award for use in Britain. He had previously been made a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1815 at the end of the war. He died at Ryde, on the Isle of Wight in March 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="20781458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781458" title="19th century (disambiguation)">
19th century (disambiguation)

The 19th century of the Common Era began on 1 January 1801 and ended on 31 December 1900, according to the Gregorian calendar.
19th century or Nineteenth century may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20781460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781460" title="George Albinson">
George Albinson

George Albinson (14 February 1897 – April 1975) was an English footballer. His regular position was at wing half. He was born in Prestwich, Greater Manchester. He played for Manchester United and Manchester City.
Moved to Crewe Alexandra where he became captain.
Won the Cheshire Cup in 1928 with Witton Albion.

</doc>
<doc id="20781481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781481" title="Harold Bratt">
Harold Bratt

Harold Bratt (born 8 October 1939) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Salford, Lancashire. He played for Manchester United and Doncaster Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="20781507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781507" title="Vinko Ošlak">
Vinko Ošlak

Vinko Ošlak (born 1947) is a Slovene author, essayist, translator, columnist and esperantist from the Austrian state Carinthia.
Ošlak was born in the town of Slovenj Gradec, then part of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia in former Yugoslavia. After completing his primary and high school education in his native province of Slovenian Carinthia, he enrolled to the University of Ljubljana, where he studied political science. Due to economic problems, he quit the studies and dedicated himself to journalism. A devout Roman Catholic, he became active in the Slovenian Christian intellectual subculture around the alternative journal "Revija 2000" ("Review 2000"). Among others, he became a close friend of the Slovenian Christian Socialist poet and dissident Edvard Kocbek, who strongly influenced Ošlak's spiritual and intellectual development. 
Due to his critical attitude towards the Titoist regime, Ošlak was unable to get a job as journalist, and worked as a manual worker. In 1983, after pettifoggery by the Yugoslav secret police, Ošlak decided to move to Austria. He settled in Klagenfurt, Carinthia, and became involved in the cultural activities of the Carinthian Slovene minority. He enrolled at the Akademio Internacia de la Sciencoj in San Marino, where he graduated from philosophy in 1991 with a thesis on Novalis'es state philosophy. Two years later, he obtained an MA at the same institution with a thesis entitled "Identity and Communication in the Case of the Slovene Minority in Carinthia".
Ošlak has written several books of essays in Slovene, German and Esperanto. He also writes columns in several Slovenian and Austrian journals. In 2003, he received the Rožanc Award, the highest award for essayism in Slovenia.
From 1989 to 2006, Ošlak has worked as an official at the Slovene section of the Catholic Action for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gurk. During this time, he appeared in public as a Catholic intellectual. In 2006, however, he left the Roman Catholic Church and joined the Evangelical community. He especially criticised the political involvement of the Roman Catholic Church and its lack of commitment to the Christian eschatology.
Since 2004, Ošlak has served as the chairman of the Esperantist centre of the International P.E.N..

</doc>
<doc id="20781510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781510" title="John Christie (footballer born 1883)">
John Christie (footballer born 1883)

John Christie (born 1883 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full-back. He was born in Chorley, Lancashire. He played for Manchester United, Sale Homefield, and Manchester City.

</doc>
<doc id="20781528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781528" title="Ted Dalton">
Ted Dalton

Edward Dalton (born April 1882 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester. He played for Manchester United and Pendlebury.

</doc>
<doc id="20781539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781539" title="Sergei Ignatov">
Sergei Ignatov

Sergei Simeonov Ignatov (in Bulgarian: Сергей Симеонов Игнатов; born August 6, 1960) is a Bulgarian Egyptologist and politician, minister of education, youth and science from November 2009 to 28 January 2013.
Ignatov was born in Vidin, Bulgaria on 6 August 1960. He graduated with a degree in Egyptology from Leningrad State University in 1985 and later specialized in All Souls College, Oxford. He was lecturer and later associated professor at the University of Sofia (1985–1996) and at New Bulgarian University (1994–2009), dean of the bachelor faculty (1998–2002) and chancellor of NBU (2002–2009).

</doc>
<doc id="20781549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781549" title="Charlie Harrison (footballer)">
Charlie Harrison (footballer)

Charles Harrison was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He played for Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20781565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781565" title="18th parallel south">
18th parallel south

The 18th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 18 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 18° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20781570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781570" title="Ruthenian Peasants Party">
Ruthenian Peasants Party

Ruthenian Peasants Party (, "Russo chliborobska partija") was a political party in Czechoslovakia. The party was founded in 1920. The most prominent personality in the party was Avgustyn Voloshyn, a renowned linguist from Uzhhorod. The party published the weekly newspaper "Svoboda".
In 1923, the party changed name to Christian People's Party ("Christijansko-narodna partija"). In 1924, the party merged into the Czechoslovak People's Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20781583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781583" title="Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2003">
Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2003

The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2003 was the eighteenth Meeting of the Heads of Government of the Commonwealth of Nations. It was held in Abuja, Nigeria, between 5 December and 8 December 2003, and hosted by President Olusegun Obasanjo.
The Zimbabwean issue was dominant, leading to one of the highest media profiles for a CHOGM in recent times. The dispute over Zimbabwe's suspension led to a dispute over the re-election of Secretary-General Don McKinnon, and, before the end of the meeting, Robert Mugabe's announcement that Zimbabwe was withdrawing from the Commonwealth. The Aso Rock Declaration reaffirmed the Harare Declaration of 1991 and set the 'promotion of democracy and development' as the organisation's priorities.
The meeting was attended by representatives of fifty-one countries out of the Commonwealth's fifty-four members (suspended members Zimbabwe and Pakistan were not invited, whilst Antigua and Barbuda sent no representative). Thirty-eight were represented by their Head of State or Head of Government.
Zimbabwe.
Rather predictably, but despite attempts to the contrary, the issue of Zimbabwe dominated. Some African members had spoken out against what they saw as the 'undemocratic' suspension of Zimbabwe, but were criticised for not respecting the principle of consensus, under which dissenting voices to an issue that had already been decided and voting on are usually only heard privately. Olusegun Obasanjo was seen to have acquitted himself well in the Commonwealth's position of Chairperson-in-Office in the manner in which he addressed this issue.
The issue was brought to a head in the election of the Secretary-General. The incumbent, New Zealander Don McKinnon, was nominated for another four-year term, and convention stipulates that an incumbent running again is to be unchallenged. However, President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa spearheaded a campaign to have Sri Lanka's Lakshman Kadirgamar elected in protest over the handling of the Zimbabwe matter. Nonetheless, African countries were divided, with only five African Heads of Government voting with Mbeki, and the attempt to move the election down the agenda to provide time to develop momentum for the movement was unsuccessful. With Mbeki's tactics failing, and with neither Kadirgamar nor the Prime Minister or President of Sri Lanka in Abuja, the challenge was easily defeated, by forty votes to eleven.
In response to the failure to overthrow McKinnon or to lift Zimbabwe's suspension, Robert Mugabe announced on 7 December that Zimbabwe was to leave the Commonwealth immediately: marking only the third occasion (after South Africa in 1961 and Pakistan in 1971) that a country had withdrawn voluntarily.

</doc>
<doc id="20781589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781589" title="Zhangjiang Tram">
Zhangjiang Tram

Zhangjiang Tram is the only tram line operating in Shanghai today, utilizing a system manufactured by the French Translohr company. It is a rubber-tired tram system, second both in China and Asia.
Shanghai originally had a steel wheeled electric tramway network. Routes expanded gradually, and it reached its largest extent in 1925 with 328 tramcars; this tram system shut down in 1975. Tram service returned to Shanghai in 2009, with commercial service resuming in 2010. Unlike the standard tramway, it chose a modern rubber-tired system.
Zhangjiang Tram started construction on December 23, 2007. Construction was originally planned to be completed on December 2008, but this was delayed a year, until December 31, 2009 when it was opened to traffic. Passenger operations started on January 1, 2010. Zhangjiang Tram runs from Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park Station of the Shanghai Metro Line 2 to Heqing Town. Now the -long 1st phase, which runs from Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park Station to Jinqiu Road is in service, and has 15 stops, two of which are interchanges to Shanghai Metro Line 2 (Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park, the current terminal of the line and Jinke Road station). The next phase of the project is the Zhangjiang tram division multiple-phase construction, a project in the east Greenfield Road, from Zu Chong Zhi Road (Shanghai Metro Line 2 Zhangjiang Hi-tech station), west to Osmanthus Road Autumn Road, which covers a distance of about 10 km, with a total of 15 stops, 1 depot. It will be followed by an extension in the direction of Tang Zhen-Qing.
History.
The tram network's closure in the 1970s was perceived at the time as the removal of an obstruction to smooth and swift traffic; this proved not to be the case. Uncontrolled increase of the number of petrol vehicles, exacerbated by increasing population, increased air and noise pollution, traffic jams and smog and slowed traffic beyond what it had been when the trams were running. Observing the improved traffic patterns and reduced pollution brought about by tram lines in cities around the world like Tunis, Melbourne, Buenos Aires, Pyongyang and within China, in Tianjin, Shanghai planned to reinstate its tram lines as well. Unfortunately, the increase in cars & buses in downtown Shanghai made running tram lines in that area impossible, and so the city began constructing lines in the Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park, on the eastern side of the main city. Shanghai's transport authority at last decided to open a separate, modern, high speed, rubber tired tram.
The line is operated by Pudong, Shanghai Modern Rail Transportation Co., Ltd.. The tram lines started running in Shanghai in 2010.
The new system was built in Zhangjiang Town, because it is a planned area, and commuting between neighborhoods of the town has always been difficult. The Translohr tram way is constructed in Zhangjiang Town which is in the heartland area of Pudong (east shore of Huangpu River) New District. Due to Economic-Technological Development Area ordinances, sound pollution must be kept to a minimum in this area. Traditional steel wheeled trams generate lots of vibration and sound during their journey. Rubber tires on the trams reduce vibration, and as a result noise, substantially. Additionally, the Zhangjiang Town roads are very hilly, and rubber tired trams can climb steeper grades than traditional trams easily. Another advantage is that rubber tired trams don't require tracks, as steel wheeled cars do, so there is less disturbance of underground networks like power cables, phone lines, and sewer/water mains.
Stations.
The modern tram runs from Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park to Heqing Town.
Fleet.
The rolling stock is Translohr. It consists of 9 multiple units of three cars each. They are low floor, fully air conditioned, and can operate at high speeds.
Features.
Most Zhangjiang tram lines run along the centre of the roads, while some stations are situated at intersections and have side platforms, while the two terminals have a central platform. Zhangjiang streetcar doors are on a "need to open" mode. If a passenger requests a stop, a green light is illuminated and the doors open at the next stop. If no stop is requested, the doors remain closed. 
Depots and termini.
Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park and Heqing Town are the two termini.
Alignment.
The modern tram routes completely run on unreserved tracks and in the middle of the road. Because of the rubber tires, it is not possible to lay track in grass, as the trams can only run on concrete roads. All stops have island platforms.
Tickets.
There is a single fare of 2 Yuan.
See also.
Video clips of Zhangjiang trams

</doc>
<doc id="20781594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781594" title="Martyn Rogers (footballer born 1960)">
Martyn Rogers (footballer born 1960)

Martyn Rogers (26 January 1960 – February 1992) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Nottingham.
Football career.
He made just one senior appearance for Manchester United in a 0-4 defeat at West Bromwich Albion on 22 October 1977 at the age of 17. In the summer of 1979 he was transferred to Queens Park Rangers for a fee of £7,500.
His career at Q.P.R. was equally short, making just two appearances in the last two games of the 1979-80 season which Q.P.R. won both. His was given a free transfer to Australian side Sydney Olympic in May 1981.
Death.
Rogers was found dead in his car at Ringwood, Hampshire, in February 1992 - ironically in the same month that another Manchester United player of around the same age, Alan Davies, died in similar circumstances. It is believed that Rogers committed suicide.

</doc>
