<doc id="20824973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20824973" title="Lamman Rucker">
Lamman Rucker

Lamman Rucker (born October 6, 1971) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as T. Marshall Travers on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns", and as Will Brown on the TBS sitcom "Meet the Browns".
Early life.
Rucker was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the son of Malaya (née Ray) and Eric Rucker. He has partial ancestry from Barbados. Rucker spent his formative years in the greater Washington, DC, Maryland area. He hails from a very dedicated and supportive immediate and extended family. He first had an interest in acting after he was placed in many child pageants. His first acting role was as Martin Luther King in the 4th grade. He was in the drama club in 7th grade and then attended high school at the Duke Ellington School of the Arts in Washington, D.C. Rucker studied at Carnegie-Mellon University and Duquesne University. His undergraduate degree is in Information Technology and Business and his graduate degree is in Education and Curriculum Development. Lamman Rucker also was an assistant drama teacher at a Pittsburgh charter school, Northside Urban Pathways, now known as UP. He played basketball in college and semi-pro ball for a short time after that. He is the oldest of three children, having a younger sister and his brother who died in 1992.
Career.
Rucker's major role came in 2002 when he assumed the role of attorney T. Marshall Travers on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" opposite Tamara Tunie. He left the series the following year and portrayed Garret Williams on ABC's "All My Children" in 2005. He has starred in a few of Tyler Perry's productions such as a guest role on "Tyler Perry's House of Payne", the film version of "Why Did I Get Married?" alongside Perry, Janet Jackson and Jill Scott, as well as appearing in a small role in the film version of "Meet The Browns" as Vera's adult son, Will. He also had a starring role on Perry's second sitcom "Meet the Browns" reprising his role as Will. This time, Will has a much larger role (compared to his part in the movie) having just gotten married to a co-worker. To promote his work in Perry's films, Rucker appeared on The Mo'Nique Show March 14, 2010, and discussed the fear and beauty of shooting at a location so close to water, yet so close to home.
Rucker remains active with a variety of grassroots, civic, and international organizations that focus on the improvement of critically challenged communities in the US. He is represented by D.C. based sports and entertainment attorney E. Lindsey Maxwell II, Esq. The two met in during their college years while in Pittsburgh. Two years ago, Mr. Rucker and Mr. Maxwell formed Black Tiger Edutainment, a company devoted to entertainment ventures and production of independent films. Earlier this year, Mr. Rucker and Mr. Maxwell teamed up with Dallas spa owner, Thai Morrisson, to form a new skin care line called Forplai (www.forplai.com).

</doc>
<doc id="20824977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20824977" title="1988 Oregon State Beavers football team">
1988 Oregon State Beavers football team

The 1988 Oregon State Beavers football team represented Oregon State University in the 1988 college football season. The Beavers started the season 3-3-1, their best start in 20 years but lost all but one of their remaining games to post their 18th consecutive losing season. The Beavers' 4-6-1 record was their best record between 1971 and 1998.
Game notes.
Before the Season.
Oregon State's quarterback, Erik Wilhelm, the Pac-10 leader in passing yards in 1987, returned for his senior season. The Beavers entered 1988 on a 6-game losing streak and a 11-game conference losing streak. In the past 71 conference games, Oregon State compiled a 6-63-2 record, a .099 winning percentage. The Beavers rushed for 518 total yards in 1987. Oregon State's offense had not rushed for 200 yards in a single game in almost four years, and Oregon State's defense had not allowed less than 26 points in a single game since a 1986 game against Brigham Young in Provo, Utah. The Beavers implemented the 3-4 defense in the offseason. For the first time since 1935, Washington did not appear on Oregon State's schedule. The Beavers only played the Ducks more often than the Huskies in that span.
Arizona.
Arizona entered the game two touchdown favorites. Oregon State rushed for two yards against the Wildcats in 1987, a 14-point loss. The Beavers' starting guard, Ken Felix, was injured in fall camp and did not play. The Wildcats took a 7-0 lead in the first quarter on quarterback, Ron Veal's six-yard run after an Oregon State fumble. The Beavers' Troy Bussanich cut the margin to four with a 25-yard field goal. Oregon State took the lead when Erik Wilhelm hit Jason Kent for a 44-yard touchdown pass on third-and eight. Backup quarterback, Bobby Watters, subsequently replaced Veal. He led Arizona to a game-tying score with a 31-yard field goal with 6:02 left in the first half, thanks in part to a roughing the passer penalty on Ray Giacomelli. After their third clipping penalty of the first half set them back to their own nine-yardline, the Beavers drove 65 yards in 4:55. The next play, a two yard Brian taylor run, sapped 37 seconds. After an incomplete pass, the Beavers were forced to use their last time out to avoid a penalty with 23 seconds left. On the next play, Erik Wilhelm suffered his only sack, an 11-yard loss. Bussanich subsequent 51-yard field goal attempt was far short as the first half expired.
Bussanich kicked a 20-yard field goal with 5:22 left in the third quarter. Watters immediately led Arizona on an 11-play, 67-yard touchdown drive, taking up most of the rest of the third quarter. On the ensuing kickoff, the Beavers successfully returned a kickoff without clipping for the first time all game. Oregon State drove inside the Wildcat red zone early in the fourth quarter, but Bussanich missed a 38-yard field goal a few inches to the left. On the Beavers' next drive, they drove to the Arizona 49, but tailback Trey Nicholson and fullback Brian Swanson were stopped short on third-and-one and fourth-and-one, respectively. Felix' backup, Paul Steffen failed to block Brad Hinke, who made the tackle on Swanson on fourth down. Five plays later, Watters clinched the win by running 25-yards for a touchdown with 2:24 left. Oregon State rushed for 200 yards for the first time since early in 1984. The Beavers only punted once, finishing with almost 17 more minutes in time of possession, 180 more yards, and 13 more first downs.
San Jose State.
In their previous 20 regular season games, the Spartans only loss was a 36-34 loss to the Beavers in Corvallis in 1987. San Jose State sought to pay back Oregon State. The Beavers made their first ever to San Jose. on the game's opening drive, San Jose State drove to the Oregon State one-yard line but turned the ball over on downs. Beaver running back, Brian Taylor ran for a 70-yard touchdown the first time he touched the football. Oregon State built a 24-19 third quarter lead. On third-and-six, Wilhelm hit Reggie Hubbard for an 18-yard touchdown and 31-19 Beaver lead. On its first play, the Spartans' John Johnson was stripped by Oregon State's Tom Vettrus. The Beavers' Andre Harris recovered to set up a 38-yard Bussanich field goal and 34-19 lead. San Jose State stopped Oregon State's next drive, but, on fourth down at the Spartan 37, Wilhelm, who lined up as a blocking back, took the snap and hit Lloyd Bailey for a touchdown and 41-19 fourth quarter lead. Less than two-and-a-half minutes later, San Jose State scored a touchdown and two-point conversion to pull within 14. Harris added two fourth quarter interceptions to his third-quarter fumble recovery. However, the Beaver win was not secured until Mike Maggiore recovered a fumble at the Oregon State 30 with 1:22 left. The Beavers ended their seven-game losing streak and won their first road game since a 10-7 win over Brigham Young in Provo in 1986. Oregon State has not returned to San Jose.
California.
Oregon State entered the game on a 12-game conference losing streak but a three-game winning streak against California, as the two teams did not play in 1987. The game was the Beavers' first against long-time Pac-10 coach Bruce Snyder. The clock used in Beaver home games had a tendency to malfunction and in fact had malfunctioned in a high school game the night before the California-Oregon State game. The Beavers' Andre Harris recovered a first-quarter fumble at the Oregon State 35 and drove 63 yards in almost six minutes before settling for Bussanich's 23-yard field goal. California's Darrin Greer returned the following kickoff to the Beaver 40, setting up a 40-yard Bear touchdown drive. An 18-yard punt in the second quarter gave California the ball again at the Beaver 40. The Bears drove 30 yards before settling on kicker/punter Robbie Keen's 27-yard field goal.
California tacked on two third-quarter field goals and Bussanich responded with a 21-yard field goal early in the fourth quarter to cut the Bears' lead to 10. Then, it happened. Keen, lined up to punt with 10:12 left. By the time the play was over, the clock read 10:99. When Oregon State ran its first offensive play after the punt, the clock read 10:59. A few fans noticed the glitch but no one on California's coaching staff did. With seven-and-a-half minutes left, Wilhelm threw his first interception of the year to the Bears' John Hardy at the California one. Hardy returned the interception to the Beaver 49. The Bears drove into field goal range. Keen, having hit three field goals without a miss lined up for the kick. Dewey Tucker, a backup nose guard, managed to block the kick at the Oregon State 31 with 4:17 left to preserve a 10-point deficit. The Beavers drove to the California 26, but Brian Taylor was stopped at fourth-and-one. The fans began streaming towards the exits but Mike Matthews and Bruce Sanders forced a fumble on the next play, which Tom Vettrus recovered at the Bear 25 with 2:37 left. Oregon State drove to the three, and Wilhelm hit Brian Taylor for a three-yard touchdown pass with less than two minutes left that California cornerback Doug Parrish narrowly missed. Wilhelm again picked on Parrish, hitting Brian Swanson for the two-point conversion. The Beavers, with the wind and two timeouts, shunned an onside kick, opting to kick it deep. Sanders sacked Bear quarterback Troy Taylor at the 11 on third down, necessitating a California punt. Keen's punt against the wind only traveled 33 yards and Reggie Hubbard returned the punt to the California 37 with 45 seconds left. On third-and-six, Wilhelm hit Swanson for a 21-yard gain to the Bear six with 26 seconds left. Oregon State centered the ball and California called timeout. Bussanich, aided by the timeout, responded by kicking a 23-yard field goal with 16 seconds left to win the game. Dave Kragthorpe improved to 6-0 in games decided by four points or fewer. After the game ended, the Bears noticed that the fifth minute of the fourth quarter had been played twice. Snyder complained bitterly after the game. The 2004 California media guide still referred to the 17-16 Beaver win as the "Infamous 61-Minute Game." Many Oregon State fans refer to the game alternatively as "Beaver in the Sky."
Colorado.
Colorado entered 18-point favorites. In the first quarter, Colorado faced fourth-and-one on Oregon State's 45-yardline. Instead of a punt, the Buffaloes called an option play that Eric Bienemy turned into a 45-yard touchdown scamper. The Beavers responded with a nine-play, 80-yard touchdown drive, capped off by Wilhelm's 48-yard pass to Jason Kent, to knot the score at seven. Colorado's Sal Aunese only completed six passes all day, but five came in the first half, including his two longest, a 67-yard pass that set up a field goal and a 52-yard pass to set up a second Bienemy touchdown. The Buffaloes' two-point conversion attempt failed. Thus, the two scores only gave Colorado a 16-7 lead. Just before halftime, Oregon State seemed poised to cut into the Buffalo lead, but Bussanich's 36-yard field goal sailed wide right.
In the second half, an Aunese fumble set up Wilhelm's 24-yard touchdown pass to Robb Thomas. The Beavers' Brian Taylor finished six inches out of the end zone on a subsequent second half drive, but Brian Swanson ran in from one-yard out on a fourth quarter drive to give Oregon State a 21-16 lead with just over 11:04 left. Less than two minutes later, the Buffaloes retook the lead on Bienemy's third touchdown, a 66-yard touchdown run with 9:16 left. The Beavers' final drive petered out in Colorado territory, and Oregon State's punter, Mark Bennett pinned Colorado at their own five yardline. After the Buffaloes first two plays netted a single yard, Aunese completed his only second half pass for 19 yards to extend the drive. Aunese capped off Colorado's subsequent drive, rushing for an 11-yard touchdown with no time left, giving the Buffaloes a 28-21 win. Wilhelm completed 27 of 38 passes for 353 yards, two touchdowns, and no interceptions. Thomas caught ten of the passes for 147 yards.
Fresno State.
In the 23 seasons from 1981–2003, Oregon State and Fresno State played 13 times, more than three times more often than any other nonconference opponent in the same period. The Beavers won the first meeting 31-28 in the largest comeback ever, at the time. The Bulldogs won the next two and Oregon State looked to even the series. Jim Sweeney, coach of Fresno State was no stranger to Oregon State, having coached Washington State from 1968-1975. Wilhelm threw for 215 yards and two touchdowns. The 215 yards gave Wilhelm 7,821 career passing yards, surpassing both Jack Thompson's and Jim Plunkett's career totals, leaving Wilhelm within striking distance of John Elway's 9,350 career passing yards, the most prolific passer in Pac-10 history at the time. The Beavers' 3-2 start was their best since 1970, their last winning season.
UCLA.
UCLA entered the game 27-point favorites. In the first 19 minutes, Oregon State failed to make a first down, while the Bruins scored touchdowns on their first three drives, two ending on Troy Aikman touchdown passes. Wilhelm responded by throwing a 69-yard touchdown pass of his own to Pat Chaffey. On an ensuing drive, Pellom McDaniels forced an Aikman fumble, which Oregon State's Ray Giacomelli recovers. Three plays later, Wilhelm threw his second touchdown pass, a 52-yard strike to Robb Thomas, with 2:19 left in the first half.
In the second half, UCLA tacked on a field goal. The Beavers countered by driving into Bruin territory. Wilhelm threw a seven-yard pass to Phil Ross, but the pass was high and it deflected off of Ross' shoulder pads and was intercepted. Aikman responded by throwing an interception to Oregon State's Mike Matthewes. On the ensuing Beaver drive, Brian Taylor fumbled. UCLA took the fumble and drove for a touchdown, another Aikman touchdown pass. The Beavers immediately responded by driving for a touchdown, capped by Wilhelm throwing another touchdown pass to Thomas with seven minutes left, but Aikman threw his fourth touchdown pass with 20 seconds left for a 38-21 Bruin win. Aikman finished completing 24 of 36 passes for 288 yards, four touchdowns, and two interceptions. Wilhelm finished completing 28 of 48 passes for 309 yards, three touchdowns, and an interception. Wilhelm also outrushed Aikman by 19 yards. Thomas finished catching nine passes for 161 yards and two touchdowns. The Trojans defeated the Bruins to claim the Pac-10's Rose Bowl berth. Aikman finished third in the Heisman balloting behind Barry Sanders and Southern California's Rodney Peete, but Aikman won the Davey O'Brien Trophy. UCLA wound up beating #8 Arkansas, the Southwest Conference champion, 17-3 in the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, TX. The Dallas media championed Aikman as the Cowboys' next quarterback. Dallas subsequently made Aikman the first overall pick in the 1989 NFL Draft.
Stanford.
Oregon State and Stanford each entered the game 3-3. The Cardinal had held a fourth quarter lead over both the undefeated Trojans and the Ducks, whose only defeat was at the hands of the Trojans. However, Stanford lost both games by four points. The Cardinal's only other loss came at the hands of undefeated Notre Dame, on its way to a national championship. The Beavers built a 14-0 first half lead on a four-yard Brian Taylor touchdown scamper and a three-yard pass from Wilhelm to Bryant Hill. Stanford narrowed Oregon State's lead to 17-13 on John Hopkins' 28-yard field goal with 7:34 left in the game and took the lead on a 75-yard Jason Palumbis to John Pinckney strike with 2:33 left. The Beavers drove 65 yards to the Cardinal four, before being pushed back to the eight. On fourth down, with nine seconds left, Oregon State opted for a 26-yard field goal attempt, which Bussanich converted. The tie was the Beavers best result in Stanford, California in between 1968 and 1998. Oregon State's 3-3-1 record was the Beavers' best start in 20 years.
Southern California.
Southern California was undefeated and ranked #3 in the nation, off to its best start in 13 years. The Trojans hopped out to a 14-0 lead in the first seven minutes, before Oregon State could manage a single first down. The Beavers drove into Trojan territory twice, but Oregon State failed to score on either drive. Brian Taylor fumbled on a pitchout at the Trojan 21 and Bussanich missed a 43-yard field goal. Southern California's Quin Rodriguez kicked a 42-yard field goal, but Wilhelm found Robb Thomas on a seven-yard touchdown pass to cut the Trojan lead to 10 just before halftime.
Rodriguez added a second field goal to open the second half. Wilhelm found Thomas again for a 53-yard pass on 2nd-and-25. Moments later, Lloyd Bailey made a diving catch for a three-yard touchdown to cut Southern California's lead to 20-14. Just before the third quarter ended, Wilhelm's pass to Thomas was intercepted at the Trojan 23. On the first play of the fourth quarter, Southern California's Rodney Peete was hit by Ray Giacomelli as Peete was letting go of the ball. Oregon State's Mike Matthews made a diving interception to give the Beavers the ball at their own 32. However, Wilhelm subsequently threw his third interception. Four plays later, the Trojans' Leroy Holt broke four tackles on a 28-yard touchdown carry to put Southern California on top 26-14 with 13:41 left. A couple minutes later, Oregon State's David Brannon appeared in position to make an interception, but Erik Affholter managed to tip the ball away from Brannon and make an acrobatic catch that turned into a 55-yard touchdown pass to put the Trojans up 34-14 with 11:09 left. After Affholter's third touchdown reception, the teams traded touchdowns, making the final a 41-20 Southern California win. Wilhelm finished throwing 37 for 62, both Pac-10 records for completions and attempts. The Beavers wound up with 470 yards, 145 yards more than any other team had managed against the Trojans. Wilhelm's 418 total yards gave him 8,482 total career yards, the second most ever in the Pac-10, behind John Elway's 9,070 with three games remaining.
Arizona State.
In the first half, Oregon State's Billy Hughley blocked a 32-yard Arizona State field goal to preserve a 7-7 tie. In the second quarter, the Devils' starting quarterback, Paul Justin was knocked out of the game by Oregon State's Ray Giacomelli and was replaced by Daniel Ford. The Beavers built a 21-7 halftime lead on a one-yard Wilhelm run and an eight-yard pass from Wilhelm to Robb Thomas on a tipped pass with 12 seconds left in the first half.
In their first drive of the second half, Oregon State's Troy Bussanich kicked a 44-yard field goal to take a 24-7 lead with 9:44 left in the third quarter. 13 seconds into the fourth quarter, Ford threw a touchdown pass to pull Arizona State within 10. The Devils next drive lasted 15 seconds, a 65-yard Ford touchdown pass, but Ford's two-point conversion attempt fell incomplete, which kept the Beavers up by four. Brian Swanson fumbled with 7:06 left in the game, and Arizona State took the lead with a touchdown 10 seconds later. Wilhelm fumbled on Oregon State's next offensive play. The Devils converted the fumble into a 30-yard field goal to take a 30-24 lead. The Beavers responded by driving to the Arizona State 35, but, with 1:04 left, Wilhelm was intercepted to effectively end the game. Kragthorpe closed the locker room after the game for the first time since becoming coach.
Washington State.
Washington State had not played in a bowl game since 1981 and had not won a bowl game since 1916. Dennis Erickson and the Cougars entered one game away from all-but wrapping up an Aloha Bowl bid. Oregon State had not faced an Erickson-coached team since splitting with Idaho in 1984 and 1985. During the game, the temperature never exceeded 50 degrees with a 15-20 mph breeze. Washington State led 26-6 at halftime and 36-14 in the fourth quarter. The Beavers managed two fourth-quarter touchdowns to pull within nine before the final gun sounded. Wilhelm finished 26 of 46 for 274 yards, pulling him within 13 yards of John Elway's Pac-10 passing record and 16 yards of John Elways' Pac-10 total yardage record. Wilhelm's 274 yards was his 30th 200-yard passing game, a Pac-10 record. The Cougars secured the Aloha Bowl berth with a win over the Huskies to end the season. Washington State won the Aloha Bowl over Houston 24-22. After the season ended, Erickson quit as the Cougars' head coach to become the head coach of the Miami Hurricanes. After stints with the Hurricanes and Seattle Seahawks, Erickson became the head coach of Oregon State in 1999.
Oregon.
Oregon State had not beaten Oregon since 1974. The Ducks' coach, Rich Brooks, an Oregon State graduate, had amassed a 19-0-1 record in his 20 years as a player and coach. The Ducks' quarterback was Bob Brothers, son of the Beavers' former quarterback, Paul Brothers, who had led Oregon State to its last Rose Bowl. Oregon's last four wins in the Civil War had come by an average of almost four touchdowns. The game was played in a tremendous downpour. On their first possession, the Beavers' Brian Taylor ran 27 yards for a touchdown and a 7-0 lead. The Ducks scored a field goal and a touchdown to post a 10-7 halftime lead.
In the second half, Oregon did not pass the Oregon State 36-yard line. Wilhelm needed 14 yards to pass Elway, but he did not get those 14 yards until he hit Bryant Hill for a 32-yard pass in the fourth quarter. After converting a fourth down with a two-yard run earlier in the same drive, Pat Chaffey scored on a two-yard run with just over eight minutes left. Later in the fourth quarter, the Beavers' Bill Hughely intercepted Bob Brothers' pass and returned it to the Duck 32 yardline to set up Chaffey's second touchdown to seal the win. Chaffey finished with 109 yards on 24 carries. Oregon State fans rushed the field to tear down both goal posts. Wilhelm's 57 yards passing gave him 9,393 career passing yards, most ever in the Pac-10. However, the Ducks sacked Wilhelm five times, leaving Wilhelm with eight total yards, eight yards short of John Elway's total yardage record. 
After the Civil War.
Oregon State's 4-6-1 record was their best between their 5-6 records in 1971 and 1998. The Pac-10 was particularly strong in 1988, finishing 29-7 (.806) against non-conference competition. Each loss was against a team that was ranked for a part of the year. 

</doc>
<doc id="20824979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20824979" title="Alucarda">
Alucarda

Alucarda (Spanish title: Alucarda, la hija de las tinieblas, or Alucarda, the daughter of darkness) is a 1978 Mexican horror film directed by Juan López Moctezuma, and starring Tina Romero in the title role. Often thought to be based on the 1872 novella "Carmilla", it revolves around two teenage orphan girls living in a Catholic convent, who unleash a demonic force and become possessed by Satan. Though it is a Mexican Spanish language film, it was originally filmed in English, as evidenced by the fact that the lip movements match the dubbed English dialogue. It was released in theaters across Mexico on January 26, 1978.
Plot outline.
The film takes place in a Mexican convent that houses nuns and is also an orphanage. Alucarda, a fifteen-year-old orphaned girl, has lived at the convent her entire life. Justine, another orphan girl of similar age, arrives at the convent. She and Alucarda become very close friends and form a relationship that borders on being sexual.
While playing in the nearby forest, the girls stumble upon a band of mysterious gypsies and subsequently unleash a demonic force after opening a casket at a nearby burial site. A bloody chain of events follows after both Alucarda and Justine become possessed by the Satanic entity and wreak havoc on the convent and its inhabitants.
Themes.
"Alucarda" is notorious for its extreme subject matter and themes, which includes that of Satanism, murder, demonic possession, exorcism, orgies, and lesbianism, among other things, within a religious setting. All of these things made the film controversial, especially for the time it was made. Because of its extreme violence, scenes of sacrilege, and perversely defiled religious imagery, it has gained notoriety among fans of the horror genre. Although the film continues to be situated in this genre, it is undergirded by anti-government and anticlerical sentiments that are manifest in the exaggerated idolatry, representations of clerics as tyrants and persecutors, and overt iconoclasm.
The film has been often compared to Ken Russell's 1971 horror film "The Devils" and William Friedkin's 1973 film classic "The Exorcist" because "Alucarda" was released within five years of both of them and shares similar plot themes.
Reception.
After the film's release in January 1978 in Mexico, it never received much attention from critics nor audiences, but over the years became something of an underground film and a B-movie cult classic. While it is not widely known by horror fans, many fans who have seen it consider it an unrecognized gem.
Columnist Michael Weldon of the Psychotronic Video Guide said the film was ""The strongest, most imaginative, and visual witch movie since Ken Russell's "The Devils"."" Well-known Mexican filmmaker Guillermo del Toro has also expressed his appreciation for the film and other works from director Juan López Moctezuma.

</doc>
<doc id="20824982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20824982" title="The California Honeydrops">
The California Honeydrops

The California Honeydrops is a blues and R&B American band formed in November 2007 playing in the subway stations of Oakland, California.
Crossing genres from roots and blues to R&B and soul, The California Honeydrops' sound is tied together by their instrumentation, vocal harmonies and New Orleans style. The Honeydrops' more unusual instruments include a home-made gutbucket bass, jug, and washboard. Their rhythms are punctuated by trumpet, piano riffs, and bluesy vocals.
History.
Born in Warsaw, Poland, band leader and front man Lech Wierzynski started playing blues and jazz as a teenager at after-hours jam sessions in Washington D.C. After studying trumpet with Marcus Belgrave (Ray Charles), Lech launched his own career in Oakland. Having accompanied artists such as Maria Muldaur, Dan Hicks, and Jackie Payne, Lech has been schooled by some of the biggest names in American music and grown equally adept as a trumpeter, singer, and guitarist.
The rhythm section of The California Honeydrops is fueled by the barrelhouse style of Oakland piano veteran Chris Burns (Albert Collins, Freddie Hughes, Maria Muldaur). Rotating between tub bass, jug, washboard and drums are Nansamba Ssensalo (Jug Free America, Blue Roots) and Ben Malament (Terry Reid, The Marvelettes, Dale Spaulding).
In October 2008 The California Honeydrops set off for their first European tour to play the Rawa Blues Festival in Katowice, Poland as well as shows in Poland, Germany and The Netherlands.
Their first album, "Soul Tub!", with all original songs was released in November 2008. Their second album, "Spreadin' Honey" was released in the summer of 2010. A studio album, funded by Kickstarter, is in production in mid-2012.
The California Honeydrops played a U.S. & Spain tour in 2012 including appearances at the Portland Waterfront Blues Festival.
In 2009 The Honeydrops added Johnny Bones on sax.
The California Honeydrops released their 3rd full-length original studio album on April 19, 2013. The band is following their release by embarking on their eighth European tour, a West Coast tour, and a performance at New Orleans Jazz Fest.

</doc>
<doc id="20824999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20824999" title="List of universities and colleges in Jilin">
List of universities and colleges in Jilin

The following is List of Universities and Colleges in Jilin.

</doc>
<doc id="20825000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825000" title="2007–08 Australian bushfire season">
2007–08 Australian bushfire season

The 2007–08 Australian bushfire season was the Australian bushfire season over the summer of 2007–2008. Fire occurrence was below average for the season as some regions experienced increased rainfall and reduced fuel as a result of extensive fires during the previous 2006–07 season, particularly in Victoria where the fires in the 2006–07 season burnt over 1.1 million hectares of land. Fires in Victoria during the 2007–08 season burnt less than a fifth of the land area usually burnt during an average bushfire season.
An analysis of bushfires in Victoria on public land by the Department of Sustainability and Environment revealed that the 2007–08 fires burnt 32,368 hectares, or 18.7% of the long-term average of 173,152 hectares. It was also estimated that 26% of these fires were caused by lightning strikes and 25% by arson.
Predictions.
In the 3 months leading up to the summer 2007–08, many states and regions experienced far below average rainfalls and when several fires spread through October 2007, which led to predictions of an above average bushfire season, late rainfalls quelled bushfire occurrence later in the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20825014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825014" title="John Kolvenbach">
John Kolvenbach

John Kolvenbach is an American playwright known for works including "Gizmo Love", "Love Song", "On An Average Day", "Goldfish", and "Fabuloso".
After graduating from Middlebury College in 1988 he attended Rutgers University, graduating with a Masters in Fine Arts degree in 1992. Both "Love Song" and "On an average day" were performed in the West End in London. "Love Song" was directed by John Crowley and featured Kristen Johnson, Cillian Murphy, Neve Campbell and Michael McKean. "Love Song" was nominated for an Olivier Award as best new comedy. "On an average day" was also directed by Crowley and featured Woody Harrelson and Kyle MacLachlan. "Love Song" premiered at the Steppenwolf company in Chicago, directed by Austin Pendleton. "Fabuloso" premiered on Cape Cod at the Wellfleet Harbor Actors Theater (WHAT) in the summer of 2008, directed by the author. Also at WHAT; the premiere of "Gizmo Love" (2004), directed by Sam Weisman and productions of "On an average day" (2006) and "Love Song" (2007) both directed by Jeff Zinn. "Goldfish" was presented by South Coast Repertory in their 2009 season, directed by Loretta Greco. Kolvenbach's companion piece to "Goldfish," entitled "Mrs. Whitney", was presented in repertory with "Goldfish" at the Magic Theatre in San Francisco in the Fall of 2009.
Kolvenbach's works have been performed all over the world, including productions in Rome, Sydney, Wellington, Seoul, Melbourne, Tel Aviv, and in many theatres in the US. The plays are published by Methuen and the Dramatists Play Service.
As an Actor.
In 1996, he was cast in a pivotal role, in the Indian Malayalam epic film, Kalapani, alongside Indian acting legend, Mohanlal. Kolvenbach played the British doctor Len Hutton, in this Priyadarshan directed period film.

</doc>
<doc id="20825037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825037" title="Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative">
Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative

Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative is a 1996 book by American cartoonist Will Eisner that provides an formal overview of comics. It is a companion to his earlier book "Comics and Sequential Art" (1985).

</doc>
<doc id="20825045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825045" title="Steve Crisafulli">
Steve Crisafulli

Steve Crisafulli (born July 26, 1971) is an American politician and businessman. He is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives.
Crisafulli was born in Rockledge, Florida, on July 26, 1971. A cousin of his was Florida Governor Doyle E. Carlton and he is the grandson of Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice Vassar B. Carlton. He is married to Kristen Brown Crisafulli. They have two children, Carly and Kennedy. He works in real estate and agribusiness. He was first elected to the Florida House in 2008 and had no opposition in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20825062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825062" title="Six-star rank">
Six-star rank

A six-star rank is a proposed special grade designated with an insignia of six stars. It was proposed, but never adopted, for the U.S. rank of general of the armies.
In 1955, a six-star rank insignia and promotion to general of the armies was proposed in Congress for General of the Army Douglas MacArthur, but the proposal was shelved.
In 1976, George Washington was posthumously awarded the American supreme rank of general of the armies, which was described in an Oregon newspaper as a six-star rank. At his death in December 1799, Washington was a three-star lieutenant-general. Although Congress created a higher rank of general of the armies in March 1799, President John Adams did not submit Washington's name for confirmation and so the rank was not awarded in Washington's lifetime. Two hundred years later, as part of the United States Bicentennial celebrations, Congress passed a joint resolution on September 28, 1976, calling for Washington to be posthumously promoted to the highest possible rank above all other ranks in the United States Army forever. President Gerald Ford signed the order on October 12, with an effective date of July 4, 1976. Representative Lucien Nedzi, who opposed the resolution, said the rank was "superfluous and unnecessary ... it is like the Pope offering to make Christ a cardinal."

</doc>
<doc id="20825064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825064" title="Bahá'í Faith in Azerbaijan">
Bahá'í Faith in Azerbaijan

The Bahá'í Faith in Azerbaijan crosses a complex history of regional changes. Through that series of changes the thread of the Bahá'í Faith traces its history in the region from the earliest moments of the Bábism religion, accepted by Bahá'ís as a predecessor religion, in that one of its most prominent figures, Tahirih, was an Azerbaijani. Followers of the religion formed communities in Nakhichevan before 1850. By the early 20th century the community, now centered in Baku, numbered perhaps 2000 individuals and several Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies and had facilitated the favorable attention of local and regional, and international leaders of thought as well as long-standing leading figures in the religion. However under Soviet rule the Bahá'í community was almost ended though it was quickly reactivated as more than 30 years later when perestroyka loosened controls on religions. The community quickly rallied and re-elected its own National Spiritual Assembly in 1992. The modern Bahá'í population of Azerbaijan, centered in Baku, may have regained its peak from the oppression of the Soviet period of about 2000 people, today with more than 80% converts although the community in Nakhichevan, where it all began, is still seriously harassed and oppressed. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on "World Christian Encyclopedia") estimated some 1638 Bahá'ís in 2005.
Beginnings.
The history of the religion in Azerbaijan covers a time of power struggles between Russian (through Empire, Soviet and finally Russian Federation periods) and Iranian (from its Qajar dynasty, Pahlavi dynasty, and The Islamic Republic), and regional independence movement both early Pro-independence movements in Russian Civil War, continuing Prometheism efforts and more recently since the Dissolution of the USSR. The region of Azerbaijan remains divided between an independent state including the semi-autonomous state of Nakhchivan, and of northern-western provinces of Iran.
Earliest phase.
In the beginning of the earliest phase, among the most notable fact is a woman of Azerbaijani background would play a central role in this history of Babism - she would be later named Tahirih though her story would be in the context of Iran. She was among the Letters of the Living of the Báb. A group of members of the Bábí religion formed in Nakhichevan and spread before 1850 largely of Persian expatriates who were fleeing persecution in Persia. The Russian army, under the command of General Vasili Bebutov, attacked the new community which formed so quickly and is thought to have included more than ten thousand people.
Growth during the Bábí period.
From 1850 on small communities established themselves in Ordubad, Baku, Balakhani, Ganja, Barda, Goychay, Salyan, Khilli (present Neftchala), Shaki, Shamakhy. Soon the community of Baku counted the largest number of believers in the region and in 1860 obtained official recognition from the authorities. The community recognized the newly announced position of Bahá'u'lláh. Soon there was more public awareness and some favor from leaders of the broader community and at the same time the Bahá'í community of Baku broadened its communication with other Bahá'í communities in Russia, Turkey and Ashkhabad and did much work printing materials in Turkish. The most publicly recognized member of the community approaching 1900 was Musa Nagiyev, one of Azerbaijan's richest citizens of the times though there were many public figures before and after who seem to have admired the religion or even been members of it.
Maximum extent of the early community.
Circa 1902 relations with the government were good but with the general population "…we have no satisfactory tranquility on account of the people." and the Baku assembly was now also in contact with Bahá'í communities in the United States. Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies were elected in Balakhani, Baku, Ganja, Barda, and Salyan. The community may have peaked at about 2000 people, second only to that of Ashqabad - see Bahá'í Faith in Turkmenistan. The Nakhjavani family played many and major roles in the Bahá'í Faith before and in the coming decades. The father of the family, Mirza `Ali-Akbar Nakhjavani, translated communications to and from Leo Tolstoy c. 1890's and assisted`Abdu'l-Bahá in his travels to the United States in 1911-12. The children of Ali-Akbar included Jalal, born in 1917, and Ali in 1919. After his death c. 1920-1, the family was invited to take up residence in Haifa and Ali-Akbar's wife and sister worked as attendants in the house of `Abdu'l-Bahá after his death assisting the many pilgrims who came there. Both children grew up eventually attending Beirut University and moved to a variety of places to help spread the religion. Both initially moved back to Iran and then Africa. Jalal went to Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania and then years later in Hamburg West Germany and helping to found the assembly of Neumuenster and then finally in Selkirk Canada where he soon died though he traveled and spoke to groups until his last days. Ali helped spread of the religion across from Uganda through central Africa to Cameroon and in 1963 would be elected to the Universal House of Justice and was re-elected and served 40 years before retiring.
First oppression.
From 1922 Soviet officials launched their initial campaigns against the Bahá'ís including deportation of Bahá'í Iranian citizens to Iran and the exile of others to Siberia, publications and schools were banned, as well as collective meetings. Regardless, a new wave of national organization was achieved with the election of the regional National Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the Caucasus and Turkistan in 1925. However in 1928 orders were dispered among the Bahá'í communities suspending all meetings, and suppressing all local and national administration. Prohibitions were placed on the raising of funds, and Bahá'í youth and children's clubs were ordered closed. By about 1937 only the assembly of Baku and Ashgabat were still functioning though the membership of the Baku assembly had be elected three times in two years because the first two set of members were arrested en masse and exiled to Siberia. The third set was mostly women. In 1937, with the NKVD (Soviet secret police) and the policy of religious oppression the Soviets began a sweep against the Bahá'ís on October 13 and in a few days all the members of the spiritual assembly of Baku and dozens of others were arrested. The chairman was executed. It wasn't until 1956 when the Spiritual Assembly of Baku started to function again after a fashion but by the end of 1963 was ranked as only a community, not an assembly. The regional National Assembly of the Caucasus and Turkistan was disbanded.
Second oppression.
In November 1982 there were systematic sweeping arrests by the KGB including of S.D. Asadova, I.F. Gasimov, and I.G. Ayyubov who were interrogated for 7 hours continuously and had to write 10-page explanations. They were prohibited from telling anybody about their arrest and meetings of the community were ended.
From Perestroyka.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity around the world when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. However in the Soviet Block Bahá'ís had almost disappeared. As Perestroyka approached, the Bahá'ís began to organize and get in contact with each other. From 1988 the Bahá'ís in Moscow and Ashqabad and then in Baku became active (see also Bahá'í Faith in Ukraine.) With more than 20 Bahá'ís in Baku at that time only three went to the State Department of Religion of Azerbaijan, for fear of arrests, in order to announce their intention to re-establish the Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Baku. By the end of 1990, after 50 almost years, the election for the Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Baku was held followed by Gandja and Barda. In 1991 the Spiritual Assemblies were re-elected in Salyan and Balakhani. In 1992 the Parliament of Azerbaijan adopted the law of religious liberty and Bahá'ís gained an opportunity to officially register communities and the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Azerbaijan was elected, effectively disbanded since 1938. In 1993 the Governing Board of the Ministry of Justice of the Azerbaijan Republic gave official permission for the functioning of the Bahá'í Community of Baku.
The Bahá'ís of Baku are seeking the return of property confiscated during the Soviet era—especially a house that served as the Bahá'í Center. The Bahá'í population of Azerbaijan, centered in Baku, may have regained its peak from the oppression of the Soviet period of about 2000 people, with more than 80% converts. In 2005 the Association of Religion Data Archives (relying in part on the World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated somewhat fewer Bahá'ís at about 1500. Influence from Turk, rather than Russian or Iranian, Bahá'ís seems to be playing a leading role among conversions of Azerbaijans, especially the Lezgins. However, the small Bahá'í Nakhichevan community is harassed by the authorities and they lack freedom of association and where a leading Bahá'í was arrested in 2004. Officials claimed he was not imprisoned for his religious beliefs though officials extracted a verbal promise from him not to speak further of his religion to anyone.
The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on "World Christian Encyclopedia") estimated some 1638 Bahá'ís in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20825065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825065" title="Bound for Glory (2009)">
Bound for Glory (2009)

Bound for Glory (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion, which took place on October 18, 2009 at the Bren Events Center in Irvine, California. It was the fifth event under the Bound for Glory chronology, and was the premiere event for TNA in 2009.
Bound for Glory featured a supercard, a scheduling of more than one main event. Nine matches took place at the show. The headlining match showcased A.J. Styles defeating Sting to retain his TNA World Heavyweight Championship in a match voted by the fans as the Match of the Year. Other matches high up on the card saw Kurt Angle defeat Matt Morgan, Abyss defeat Mick Foley in a Monster's Ball match, and Bobby Lashley beat Samoa Joe in a Submission match.
Production.
Background.
The fifth installment of the Bound for Glory chronology was first announced in late 2008, when TNA released their PPV event schedule for February to October 2009. On the list, Bound for Glory was scheduled to take place on October 18. The location for Bound for Glory was first announced during a promotional video package which aired during TNA's anniversary PPV event Slammiversary on June 21, 2009, stating that it would be held in Los Angeles, California. Later that evening, TNA issued their first public written statement regrading the event via a press release announcing that Bound for Glory would be held at the Bren Events Center located on the University of California at Irvine campus in Irvine, California; contradicting their earlier promotional video package proclaiming it would be held in Los Angeles. Tickets for the event went on sale August 1, 2009. On August 23, 2009, TNA published an article on their official site giving a first look at the Bound for Glory 2009 poster, which featured Sting, an updated Bound for Glory logo, advertising for the event, and the tagline "The Final Curtain?". In August 2009, the official site for the fifth incarnation was opened at BoundforGlory5.com; Crawl Back In, a single by the rock band Dead by Sunrise to be featured on their debut album "Out of Ashes" was announced as the official theme song of the event on the site.
Storylines.
Bound for Glory featured nine professional wrestling matches and one pre-show match that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.
The primary match featured was between A.J. Styles and Sting, wrestling for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. In August 2009 on the television show "TNA Impact!", during a depressing period for Styles over his setbacks that year, Sting delivered a motivational speech to Styles that ceased him from retiring from professional wrestling. Wanting Styles to be the guy that carried the torch after him, Sting told Styles to get his head in the game and "claim what's supposed to be, yours!". Going on to earn his opportunity at the World Title the next week, on September 20 at No Surrender the next month, Styles faced off against Kurt Angle, Matt Morgan, Hernandez (who was cashing in his Feast or Fired briefcase he earned at the December Final Resolution 2008 PPV) and Sting in a five-way match for the title. On that night, Styles moved in for the victory when Sting stepped aside, allowing him to capture his first reign under the TNA World Title belt, after which turned into a celebratory night. Shortly later in the week, Styles, showing his gratitude, rewarded Sting a shot at his title on October 18 at Bound for Glory, an event that would transpire in Sting's home state of California.
A predominant feud was Matt Morgan rivaling Kurt Angle. Beginning in April 2009, Matt Morgan, not a former world champion himself but noticed others who were invited to membership without those credentials, started campaigning to become a member of the villainous Main Event Mafia group, consisting of former world champions and headed by then-TNA World Heavyweight Champion Kurt Angle. Angle hired Morgan as an assistant and constantly vowed that while Morgan carried out a few tasks, he would also be under consideration as a member. After given the run-around for far too long, it turned out that Angle's intentions were to use Morgan to keep his reign as world champion. Their friction continued to heat up for weeks, and on September 20 at No Surrender, Morgan competed in a five-way match with AJ Styles, Hernandez, Sting, and Kurt Angle, who he cost a world title loss, and as a result, turned into a fan favorite. Morgan soon revoked his interest in Main Event Mafia, continuing his feud with Angle.
Another feud was between Abyss and Mick Foley. On August 16 at Hard Justice, after Mick Foley lost to Kevin Nash to be dethroned of the TNA Legends Championship, Abyss saved Foley from a post-match attack involving a beat down with a barbed wire bat by Nash. Foley showed his appreciation by giving Abyss a gift in the form of one of his signature flannel shirts. On the September 16 episode of "Impact!", Abyss helped fend off Nash from attacking Foley during a match, causing Foley the match by disqualification. The following week, when Foley teamed with Abyss to go up against Booker T and Scott Steiner for the TNA World Tag Team Championship, Foley turned on Abyss, becoming a heel and brutalizing Abyss with a barbed wire bat. Abyss demanded answers, declaring he had idolized Mick Foley and his barbaric ways that much of Foley's career epitomized, and was only trying to save him. Taking Abyss' help as an insult, Foley claimed that Abyss was a "carbon copy". After Abyss described himself as hardcore and that Foley "used to be", he challenged Foley to a Monster's Ball match at Bound for Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="20825066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825066" title="No Surrender (2009)">
No Surrender (2009)

No Surrender (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion, which took place on September 20, 2009 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the fifth event under the No Surrender chronology.
Storylines.
No Surrender featured nine professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20825067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825067" title="List of universities and colleges in Liaoning">
List of universities and colleges in Liaoning

The following is List of Universities and Colleges in Liaoning.
Provincial.
Huludao.
Liaoning Finance and Trade College

</doc>
<doc id="20825070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825070" title="Hard Justice (2009)">
Hard Justice (2009)

Hard Justice (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion, which took place on August 16, 2009 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the fifth event under the Hard Justice chronology. Nine professional wrestling matches were featured on the event’s card.
The main event saw Kurt Angle defending his TNA World Heavyweight Championship against Sting and Matt Morgan in a 3 – way match. Kevin Nash defeated Mick Foley to win the TNA Legends Championship. Other matches featured on the card included a Falls Count Anywhere match and a singles match. In the first, The Main Event Mafia (Booker T & Scott Steiner) defeated Team 3D (Brother Ray & Brother Devon) to retain the Tag Team championships. The second was for the TNA X Division Championship, in which Samoa Joe defeated Homicide to win the championship.
The event featured the debut of D’Angelo Dinero in TNA, who had previously worked for the WWE. The event was released on DVD on October 20, 2009 by TNA Home Video.
Background.
Hard Justice featured nine professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers were portrayed as either villains or heroes in the scripted events that built tension and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches.
The main feud heading into Hard Justice was between Kurt Angle, Sting, and Matt Morgan over the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. On TNA's primary television program "TNA Impact!" in the weeks leading to the event, Morgan competed against A.J. Styles for a spot in the main event at Hard Justice. Morgan won their contest and injured Styles in the process. Angle tried to trade Morgan a spot in The Main Event Mafia in exchange for Morgan making sure that Angle kept his title at the event. Sting had been attacked by Angle and The Main Event Mafia on Impact!, and his presence distracted Kevin Nash and Angle long enough for Mick Foley to win the TNA Legends Championship from Nash with the help of Bobby Lashley.
Another feud was between Mick Foley and Kevin Nash over the TNA Legends Championship. Foley had won the title from Nash in a tag team match with special stipulations that also involved Angle and Bobby Lashley. Foley and Nash then argued about whether wrestling was about the wrestling or the money, which heated up their emotions leading into the event.
A feud on the mid-card revolved around Rob Terry stealing Hernandez's Feast or Fired Briefcase which holds a title shot at the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. Their match at Hard Justice would be with the briefcase on the line. The final major feud heading into the event was between Abyss, Dr. Stevie, and Jethro Holliday. Dr. Stevie had offered $50,000 to anyone who could beat Abyss, and Holliday took up the offer and attacked Abyss with a steel chair while he was giving an interview on "Impact!".
Reception.
411mania.com writer Arnold Furious rated the event 4 out of 10 stars, which was lower than the 2008 event’s rating of 7.6 out of 10 stars. The main event for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship was rated a 1.5 out of 5 stars, while the Tag Team Match for the IWGP Tag Team Championship was rated a 2.5 out of 5 stars. Phil Alley, a journalist for United Kingdom newspaper, "The Sun" felt that overall, "the PPV did nothing to move storylines along or push any characters". He also stated that the TNA Legends title brawl was a “real blood bath” and that the Falls count anywhere match was "an arena-wide brawling that both teams excel at".

</doc>
<doc id="20825076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825076" title="Victory Road (2009)">
Victory Road (2009)

Victory Road (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), which took place on July 19, 2009 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the fifth event under the Victory Road chronology and was voted the worst major wrestling show of the year by the Wrestling Observer newsletter.
Storylines.
Victory Road featured nine professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.
At Slammiversary, TNA's preceding pay per view, Kurt Angle won the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, and subsequently reclaimed his position as leader of the villainous alliance, The Main Event Mafia. Former champion and executive shareholder of the company, Mick Foley, decided to get a rematch for the title at Victory Road.
To appease Angle in getting his match, Foley also gave Main Event Mafia member, Kevin Nash, a match for the TNA Legends Championship against A.J. Styles; he also had created a chance for two other members of the Mafia in Booker T and Scott Steiner to challenge Beer Money, Inc. (the name of the tag team of Robert Roode and James Storm) for the TNA World Tag Team Championship, which they received their chance following their victory over Team 3D (Brother Devon and Brother Ray).
After allowing Angle to win the TNA World Heavyweight Championship at Slammiversary, Samoa Joe was initiated into the Main Event Mafia at the expense of its former leader, Sting, which was represented by the Mafia beating down on Sting the edition of "Impact!" following the show. After weeks of confrontation between Joe and Sting, it was announced on the July 9 edition of "Impact!" that the two would face each other at Victory Road.
Abyss had been seeing a psychiatrist for months in the form of Dr. Stevie in an attempt to overcome his sadistic desires; it came to light eventually that Stevie was physically and mentally abusing his patient and controlling him with stun guns and drugs, eventually recruiting associates (Raven and Daffney) to aid him in controlling Abyss in similar fashion, as well as threatening Abyss's love interest, Lauren Brooke. The provocation continued, and on the July 16 edition of "Impact!", it was announced Abyss would face Stevie.

</doc>
<doc id="20825078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825078" title="Avalon Music">
Avalon Music

Avalon Music is a historic three-story red brick building in Rochester, Minnesota. It opened in 1919 as the Northwestern Hotel. The Sam Sternberg family operated it as a kosher restaurant and hotel for Jewish travelers, including many visitors to the Mayo Clinic nearby. 
In 1944, Vern Manning bought it and renamed it the Avalon Hotel. As the only hotel in the area which welcomed African Americans before desegregation, its guests included Duke Ellington and boxer Henry Armstrong. It became a local focus of the Civil Rights Movement and opposition to it; both a march for racial equality and a cross burning occurred at the property on August 23, 1963. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It has since been restored as retail and studio space, and houses a shop for musical instruments and audio equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="20825091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825091" title="List of universities and colleges in Qinghai">
List of universities and colleges in Qinghai

The following is List of Universities and Colleges in Qinghai. As of 2012, there are 14 institutions of higher learning in the province, out of which 3 offer Bachelor-degree studies. 

</doc>
<doc id="20825106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825106" title="Plaza Bolivar (Lima)">
Plaza Bolivar (Lima)

The Plaza Bolivar is also known as the Plaza of Congress or Plaza of the Inquisition as it is surrounded by the Legislative Palace which is the seat of the Congress of Peru, and the site of the former Tribunal of the Inquisition. It is located in the Barrios Altos neighborhood of the Historic Center of Lima, the capital of Peru. It is located at the second block of Abancay avenue, three blocks east of the Plaza Mayor of Lima. 
Gatherings and parades are held at the plaza during national holidays due to Simon Bolivar, being the liberator of five South American countries, being the plaza's namesake.

</doc>
<doc id="20825111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825111" title="List of universities and colleges in Shaanxi">
List of universities and colleges in Shaanxi

The following is List of Universities and Colleges in Shaanxi.
Notation.
Note: Institutions without full-time bachelor programs are not listed.
Private (Administrated by.
Note: Institutions without full-time bachelor programs are not listed.

</doc>
<doc id="20825127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825127" title="List of universities and colleges in Shandong">
List of universities and colleges in Shandong

The following is List of Universities and Colleges in Shandong. As of 2012, there are 154 institutions of higher learning in the province, out of which 62 offer Bachelor-degree studies. 29 colleges and universities also offer Master's degree level of studies, as do four research institutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20825139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825139" title="List of universities and colleges in Shanxi">
List of universities and colleges in Shanxi

The following is List of Universities and Colleges in Shanxi.

</doc>
<doc id="20825153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825153" title="Corey Raymond">
Corey Raymond

Corey Raymond (born September 28, 1969) is the LSU football defensive backs coach.
Raymond was also the secondaries coach for the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers football team.
Raymond played cornerback at LSU before being signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 1992. Raymond also played for the Detroit Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="20825163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825163" title="McChord Field Historic District">
McChord Field Historic District

McChord Field Historic District is a historic district located within the McChord Air Force Base in Pierce County, Washington. The base is located at the base of Puget Sound. The 31 contributing buildings and 3 contributing structures included in the district all date to the establishment of McChord Field and its role in World War II. Additionally, the district is significant for its architecture representative of the period from 1938 through 1952. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 2008. 
It is the 24th property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20825164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825164" title="List of universities and colleges in Sichuan">
List of universities and colleges in Sichuan

The following is List of Universities and Colleges in Sichuan.

</doc>
<doc id="20825172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825172" title="Tavern League of Wisconsin">
Tavern League of Wisconsin

The Tavern League of Wisconsin (TLW) is a trade association of alcoholic beverage retailers in the state of Wisconsin. The League was created in 1935, two years after the end of Prohibition, and today boasts 5,000 members. The League is based in Fitchburg, Wisconsin.
The TLW lobbies for member interests at a state and federal level, and supports members in complying with legal issues facing their business. Issues include opposition to increases in alcohol and cigarette taxes and licensing laws seen as onerous, and opposition to restrictions on gambling machines. The TLW supports programs that aim to combat drunk driving by providing rides to and from bars. At the same time, the TLW has condemned campaigns against binge drinking in Wisconsin as an attempt to "demonize" people who drink casually to relax. In 2005, lobbyists with the TLW were investigated by the State Ethics Board; the investigation was launched after State Senator Russell Decker was pulled over for drunk driving shortly after leaving an all-you-can-drink event for lawmakers hosted by the TLW.
The TLW has focused especially on opposing smoking bans in drinking establishments. When a smoking-ban law was proposed in 2008, the TLW worked with state senate Majority Leader Decker to insert provisions requiring that the ban would not take effect until July 5th 2010, giving members time to adapt, and preventing municipalities from passing laws that would have the same effect in the grace period. An editorial in the The Post-Crescent stated that this "derailed" the bill. Previously, the TLW had received money and lobbying help from R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company to fight smoking-ban legislation in Wisconsin. Researchers from the University of Wisconsin accused the TLW of working in concert with the tobacco industry and other trade groups to undermine Wisconsin's anti-smoking efforts, particularly its attempts to restrict the sale of cigarettes to minors. The study's conclusions were disputed by Philip Morris and by other members of the coalition.

</doc>
<doc id="20825185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825185" title="United States v. AT&amp;T">
United States v. AT&amp;T

United States v. AT&T was the antitrust case in the United States that led to the 1984 Bell System divestiture, the breakup of the old American Telephone & Telegraph into the new, seven regional Bell operating companies (RBOC)s and the much smaller new AT&T.
Facts.
In the 1970s, the Federal Communications Commission suspected that the American Telephone & Telegraph Company was using monopoly profits from its Western Electric subsidiary to subsidize the costs of its network, which was contrary to U.S. antitrust law. (Yurick, p. 7) The case was filed by the United States Department of Justice in 1974.
Settlement.
In 1978, Judge Harold H. Greene of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, on his first day on the bench, took over the case. It was settled in 1982 by the means of a consent decree between AT&T and the Department of Justice, called the Modification of Final Judgment as agreed by AT&T Chairman Charles L. Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="20825191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825191" title="Great Rift">
Great Rift

Great Rift may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20825197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825197" title="Herbert John Ryser">
Herbert John Ryser

Herbert John Ryser (July 28, 1923, Milwaukee, Wisconsin – July 12, 1985, Pasadena, California) was a professor of mathematics, widely regarded as one of the major figures in combinatorics in the 20th century. He is the namesake of the Bruck–Ryser–Chowla theorem and Ryser's formula for the computation of the permanent of a matrix.
Early life.
Herbert John Ryser was born to the family of Fred G. and Edna (Huels) Ryser. He received B.A. (1945), M.A. (1947), and Ph.D. (1948) from the University of Wisconsin. His doctoral thesis "Rational Vector Spaces" was supervised by Cornelius Joseph Everett, Jr. and Cyrus C. MacDuffee, being Everett's only doctoral student.
Career.
After his Ph.D., Ryser spent a year at Princeton's Institute for Advanced Study, then joined the faculty of Ohio State University. In 1962 he took a professorship at Syracuse University, and in 1967 moved to Caltech.
Ryser contributed to the theory of combinatorial designs, finite set systems, the permanent, combinatorial functions, and to many other topics in combinatorics. For many years, Ryser served as editor of the "Journal of Combinatorial Theory", " Linear and Multilinear algebra", and the "Journal of Algebra". Ryser's estate funded an endowment creating undergraduate mathematics scholarships at Caltech known as the H. J. Ryser Scholarships.
The Journal of Combinatorial Theory Series A denoted two issues after Ryser's passing as the "Herbert J. Ryser Memorial Issue", parts 1 and 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20825216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825216" title="Elsinboro Township School District">
Elsinboro Township School District

The Elsinboro Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Elsinboro Township, in Salem County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2009-10 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 124 students and 12.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.33.
Elsinboro was one of two districts added to the Interdistrict Public School Choice Program in October 2011, opening up 100 student seats that parents from outside the district may apply to fill for the 2012-13 school year.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For grades 9-12, public school students attend Salem High School in Salem City, as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Salem City School District.
School.
The Elsinboro Township School had an enrollment of 124 students in the 2009-10 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="20825236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825236" title="Samantha Ryan">
Samantha Ryan

Samantha Ryan (born March 3, 1978 in Kansas) is an American pornographic actress.
Early life.
Ryan graduated from Shawnee Mission Northwest High School in 1996 and later attended the University of Kansas. She has a real estate license.
Career.
Ryan began appearing in adult films in 2004 at the age of about 26, and has since appeared in over 400 movies. She also directed the 2007 video "Sorority Sluts: Iota Eta Pi".
Ryan appeared as an extra on "The O.C." once.

</doc>
<doc id="20825240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825240" title="2003 College Football All-America Team">
2003 College Football All-America Team

The 2003 College Football All-America Team is composed of the following All-American Teams: Associated Press, Football Writers Association of America, American Football Coaches Association, Walter Camp Foundation, "The Sporting News", "Pro Football Weekly", "Sports Illustrated", ESPN, and Rivals.com
The College Football All-America Team is an honor given annually to the best American college football players at their respective positions. The original usage of the term All-America seems to have been to such a list selected by football pioneer Walter Camp in the 1890s. The NCAA officially recognizes All-Americans selected by the AP, AFCA, FWAA, TSN, and the WCFF to determine Consensus All-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20825255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825255" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 56 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 56 (2008)

Oregon Ballot Measure 56 or House Joint Resolution 15 (HJR 15) is a legislatively referred constitutional amendment that enacted law which provides that property tax elections decided at May and November elections will be decided by a majority of voters who are voting in the relevant election. It repealed the double majority requirement passed by the voters in the 1990s via Measures 47 and 50, which requires that, for non-general elections, all bond measures can pass only when a majority of registered voters turn out.
The measure appeared on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon and was passed with 77.42% of the vote.
Supporters.
Measure 56 was supported by the Voting Matters Coalition, which included the League of Women Voters of Oregon, Human Services Coalition of Oregon, Ecumenical Ministries of Oregon, Basic Rights Oregon, Coalition for a Livable Future, Elders in Action, and Oregon PTA. 
Official Voters' Pamphlet arguments in favor can be found at the Oregon Secretary of State's Online Voter Guide page.
Newspaper Endorsements.
Here is how Oregon's major newspapers have endorsed on the measure:
Arguments in Favor.
Notable arguments made in support of the measure included:
Opponents.
Steve Buckstein of the non-partisan, non-profit Cascade Policy Institute wrote a commentary that says, "Critics of Oregon’s so-called 'double majority' rule say it isn’t democratic because a simple majority of those voting may not be able to pass a tax measure. But in reality, just 25% of registered voters can raise taxes under 'double-majority.' 'Double majority' is a sensible taxpayer safeguard that should be kept, and even strengthened."
Opposing Arguments.
Notable arguments made in opposition to the measure included:

</doc>
<doc id="20825292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825292" title="Golden rhombus">
Golden rhombus

In geometry, a golden rhombus is a rhombus whose diagonals are in the ratio formula_1, where formula_2 is the golden ratio.
Golden rhombohedra.
There are 2 convex golden rhombohedra, one constructed from six golden rhombi as a trigonal trapezohedron, a cube that has been stretched along one of its diagonal axes. This is also called the "acute golden rhombohedron".
The other is the rhombic triacontahedron, constructed with 30 golden rhombic faces, alternating 3 and 5 around every vertex. The dihedral angle between adjacent rhombi of the rhombic triacontahedron is 144°, which can be constructed by placing the short sides of two golden triangles back-to-back.
The nonconvex rhombic hexecontahedron can be constructed by 20 "acute golden rhombohedron". It also represents a stellation of the rhombic triacontahedron.
Element.
The internal angles of the rhombus are
The edge length of the golden rhombus with short diagonal formula_5 is
A golden rhombus with unit edge length has diagonal lengths

</doc>
<doc id="20825305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825305" title="Marcus Rediker">
Marcus Rediker

Marcus Rediker (born 1951 in Owensboro, Kentucky) is an American professor, historian, writer, and activist for a variety of peace and social justice causes. He graduated with a B.A. from Virginia Commonwealth University in 1976 and attended the University of Pennsylvania for graduate study, earning an M.A. and Ph.D. in history. He taught at Georgetown University from 1982 to 1994, lived in Moscow for a year (1984-5), and is currently Distinguished Professor of Atlantic History and chair of the Department of History at the University of Pittsburgh. Rediker has written several books on Atlantic social, labor, and maritime history.
Awards.
Rediker has won a number of awards for his works such as the George Washington Book Prize (2008), OAH Merle Curti Award (2008), National Endowment for the Humanities Fellow (2005–2006), American Council of Learned Societies Fellow (2005–2006) Distinguished Lecturer, OAH (2002–08), International Labor History Book Prize (2001), OAH Merle Curti Social History Book Award (1988) and ASA John Hope Franklin Book Prize (1988)

</doc>
<doc id="20825327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825327" title="Spine of the World">
Spine of the World

Spine of the World may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20825333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825333" title="Anopheles barberi">
Anopheles barberi

Anopheles barberi is a tree hole breeding mosquito mainly located in eastern North America. The larvae are predators of other mosquito larvae. It has been shown to be a vector of malaria in the laboratory, but it is not thought to be an important malaria vector in the wild.

</doc>
<doc id="20825356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825356" title="Rosalia Nghidinwa">
Rosalia Nghidinwa

Rosalia Annette Nghidinwa (born 26 October 1952 in Nkurenkuru, Kavango Region)is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization, Nghidinwa has been a member of the cabinet of Namibia as Deputy Minister of Labour from 2000-2005, Minister of Immigration and Home Affairs from 2005 to 2012 and Minister of Gender Equality and Child Welfare since December 2012. She has also been a member of the National Assembly of Namibia since 2000. In 2010, she was re-elected to the National Assembly and reappointed as the Immigration and Home Affairs minister. Persisting problems with fraud and mismanagement have led to the appointment of Ngarikutuke Tjiriange as special advisor to the minister to bring about all-round improvement at the Ministry.
Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia.
The Okavango Region native first joined SWAPO in 1974 at the age of 22. A health worker by profession, Nghidinwa ran several community health centres in the Okavango Region for the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia (ELCIN). She represented the ELCIN at the Lutheran World Conference in 1987 and served on the Church's governing council from 1991-1996.
Personal.
Nghidinwa was married to Sam Nghidinwa until his abrupt death in February 2009. He died at the family's Cimbebasia suburban household while cleaning a family vehicle. He was 58 and owned Katwitwi Construction Company in Rundu at the time of his death. She has 6 children, 4 boys and 2 girls.

</doc>
<doc id="20825390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825390" title="List of truck manufacturers">
List of truck manufacturers

This is a list of truck manufacturers by region. 'Trucks' are correctly referred to as commercial vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="20825394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825394" title="The Ghanaian Chronicle">
The Ghanaian Chronicle

The Ghanaian Chronicle is an English-language daily newspaper published from Accra, Ghana. It has a circulation of 45,000 copies, making it the biggest private newspaper in Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="20825472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825472" title="Farm to Market Road 1097">
Farm to Market Road 1097

Farm to Market Road 1097 (FM 1097) is a state highway in the U.S. State of Texas. FM 1097 begins at FM 149 in Montgomery, Texas, and ends nearly thirty miles away at Highway 150. Most of the road has only two lanes each direction. The speed limit ranges from to . There are very few traffic lights on the highway.
History.
Farm to Market Road 1097 was first designated on December 16, 1948. The highway traveled from an intersection with FM 149 north of Montgomery along its present route to an intersection with U.S. Route 75 in Willis. On July 22 of the next year, the designation was extended to the Walker County border. The road was extended eastward, to the highway's present eastern terminus, on November 20, 1951. On August 1, 1962, the highway was extended northwestward to its present northern terminus.

</doc>
<doc id="20825475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825475" title="Reproduction, Fertility and Development">
Reproduction, Fertility and Development

Reproduction, Fertility, and Development is an academic journal concerned with reproductive medicine. 
NLM ID: 8907465 

</doc>
<doc id="20825476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825476" title="2002 College Football All-America Team">
2002 College Football All-America Team

The 2002 College Football All-America Team is composed of the following All-American Teams: Associated Press, Football Writers Association of America, American Football Coaches Association, Walter Camp Foundation, "The Sporting News", "Pro Football Weekly", "Sports Illustrated" and ESPN.
The College Football All-America Team is an honor given annually to the best American college football players at their respective positions. The original usage of the term All-America seems to have been to such a list selected by football pioneer Walter Camp in the 1890s. The NCAA officially recognizes All-Americans selected by the AP, AFCA, FWAA, TSN, and the WCFF to determine Consensus All-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20825481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825481" title="Corey Schell">
Corey Schell

Corey Schell (born July 15, 1983 in Winona, Minnesota) is an American professional bowhunter and archer. He received national exposure from Kicking Bear One-on-One as well as being on National pro-staffs for Bowtech Archery, HHA Sports, Easton Archery, SKB Cases, Spot-Hogg, Alpen Optics, Flex Fletch, Under Armour, Schmidty's Specialty Strings and Firenock. He is on the pro-staff for the TV show Midwest Whitetail and is on the Iowa crew 
Professional.
Corey is a professional bowhunter and mentor from the Winona, Minnesota area. He has been bowhunting since he was twelve and has been shooting bow since he was four.
Corey is involved with and organization called Kicking Bear One-on-One camp for kids founded by world famous bowhunter Ray Howell. Kicking Bear is a nationwide mentoring program that takes at-risk youth into the outdoors and introduces them to the sport of archery. Corey also writes stories and articles for bowhunting.net and kickingbear.org. He got his start in archery from his father and started 3-D shoots at a very young age, from there he came to become one of the best young shots in the tri-state area. Corey is involved with many things, he is the Lewiston Sportsmen's Club Vice-President, a firearms and bowhunter safety instructor, he is the past historian for the LSC, he holds spots on the pro staffs of many hunting companies like, Bowtech Archery, Easton Arrows, HHA Sports, Firenock, SKB Cases, Alpen Optics, Spot Hogg, Flex Fletch, and of course Kicking Bear One-on-One, where he is an advisor and helps plan events all over the United States.
Corey also writes for bowhunting.net
Kicking Bear 1-on-1.
Kicking Bear is a nationwide mentoring program which introduces disadvantaged children to the great outdoors. Kicking Bear is a national organization with 501(c)3 status, dedicated to enriching the lives of troubled and at risk youth through outdoor experiences. 
This includes but is not limited to the following: 
Kicking Bear encourages mentors to get involved with today's youth, especially the underprivileged, who have not been introduced to the outdoors. 
By reaching outside their homes, mentors can become positive role models and put dreams and successes in the hearts and minds of our youth, changing their lives and the lives of their families.
Corey and his father Rick host, Rick Schell's Kicking Bear Easter Shed Hunt. every year around Easter time. They take kids out into the woods to look for deer antler sheds and to have a cook out and fun. Everything in Kicking Bear is 100% free to the kids and donated by the Kicking Bear sponsors
Kicking Bear's Founder Ray Howell was up for an award from "Outdoor Life Magazine" in 2007 and he won and accepted his award at the 2008 SHOT Show held in Las Vegas, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20825512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825512" title="Dabar (disambiguation)">
Dabar (disambiguation)

Dabar is a Hebrew word meaning "word", "statement", "act" or "thing".
Dabar may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20825522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825522" title="Corredor Público">
Corredor Público

A Corredor Publico is a legal professional in Mexico with specific functions in the field of commerce. The main purpose of a Corredor Publico is to broker transactions between merchants. The position was redefined via legislation on December 28, 1992, as published in the Federal Official Daily Gazzette by the Mexican Congress. It is regulated under the Corredor Publico Federal Law, which has federal jurisdiction in Mexico for most of the functions in which the Corredor Publico is competent.
History.
In the twentieth century, the activities of the Corredor Publico were regulated under the abrogated section three of title one of book one of the current Commerce code for the Country of Mexico. The position was redefined in 1992 in order to fulfill the demands of commercial activities in Mexico and due to the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement, which came into effect in 1994.
Under Mexican legislation, the Corredor Publico is a fully credited lawyer that has the full support and acccreditation of the Mexican Federal Government. The activities are supervised by the Ministry of Economy.
Functions.
In accordance to Article 6 of the Corredor Publico Federal law, the main functions of this legal professional are:
The Corredor Publico is similar to a Civil Law notary public, but with specialized training in commercial (mercantile) law. Activities range from the simple incorporation of Mexican corporations to the most complex business transactions. Currently there are approximately 300 active Corredores Publicos in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20825538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825538" title="Bichak">
Bichak

Bichak is a stuffed baked tricornered appetizer served in Jewish (Kosher), Afghan, Middle Eastern, and Moroccan cuisine. It is often served during tea or coffee hour. Bichak can be stuffed with pumpkin and jam for a sweet taste, or meat and cheese for a savory addition to a lunch. Bichak are also popular because they can be prepared in large quantities.

</doc>
<doc id="20825539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825539" title="Warumungu people">
Warumungu people

The Warumungu (or Warramunga) are a group of Indigenous Australians, many of whom speak Kriol or the Pama–Nyungan language of Warumungu. They inhabit the region of Tennant Creek and Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia as well as small towns to the South.
History.
In the 1870s, early white explorers described the Warumungu as a flourishing nation. However, by 1915, invasion and reprisal had brought them to the brink of starvation. In 1934, a reserve that had been set aside for the Warumungu in 1892 was revoked in order to clear the way for gold prospecting. By the 1960s, the Warumungu had been entirely removed from their native land. In 1978, the Central Land Council of the Northern Territory made a claim on behalf of the Warumungu under the Aboriginal Land Rights Act. A lengthy legal battle ensued, in which the litigations eventually went to the High Court of Australia. 15 years later, in 1993, most of the land claim was finally returned to the Warumungu. The Warumungu Land Claim is currently made up of ten separate parcels of land, which together makes up 3,090 square kilometres. In March 1993, Michael Maurice, a former Aboriginal Land Commissioner, said of the ordeal:
Warumungu language.
Many Warumungu people continue to speak the Warumungu language (ISO 639-3: wrm). The Warumungu language is a Pama–Nyungan language similar to the Warlpiri language spoken by the Warlpiri people. It is a "suffixing language", in which verbs are formed by adding a tense suffix (although some verbs are formed by compounding a "preverb"). As are many of the surviving Indigenous Australian languages, the Warumungu language is undergoing rapid change. The morphology used by younger speakers differs significantly than the one used by older speakers. An example of a Warumungu sentence might be ""apurtu im deya o warraku taun kana"", meaning ""Father's mother, is she there, in town, or not?"".
Warumungu is classified as a living language, but its number of speakers seemed to be decreasing quickly. In the mid-1950s, Australian surveyor Robert Hoogenraad estimated that there were only about 700 people who could speak some Warumungu; by 1983, the population was estimated to be as small as 200 speakers. Today, the language is in a robust position compared to many indigenous Australian languages, as it is being acquired by children and used in daily interaction by all generations, and the situation is sustainable though some ethnic group members may prefer Kriol.

</doc>
<doc id="20825540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825540" title="Accra Daily Mail">
Accra Daily Mail

Accra Daily Mail is an English-language newspaper from Accra, Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="20825543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825543" title="High-level radioactive waste management">
High-level radioactive waste management

High-level radioactive waste management concerns management and disposal of highly radioactive materials created during production of nuclear power and nuclear weapons. The technical issues in accomplishing this are daunting, due to the extremely long periods radioactive wastes remain dangerous to living organisms. Of particular concern are two long-lived fission products, technetium-99 (half-life 220,000 years) and iodine-129 (half-life 15.7 million years), which dominate spent nuclear fuel radioactivity after a few thousand years. The most troublesome transuranic elements in spent fuel are neptunium-237 (half-life two million years) and plutonium-239 (half-life 24,000 years). Consequently, high-level radioactive waste requires sophisticated treatment and management to successfully isolate it from the biosphere. This usually necessitates treatment, followed by a long-term management strategy involving permanent storage, disposal or transformation of the waste into a non-toxic form.
Radioactive decay follows the half-life rule, which means that the rate of decay is inversely proportional to the duration of decay. In other words, the radiation from a long-lived isotope like iodine-129 will be much less intense than that of short-lived isotope like iodine-131.
Governments around the world are considering a range of waste management and disposal options, usually involving deep-geologic placement, although there has been limited progress toward implementing long-term waste management solutions. This is partly because the timeframes in question when dealing with radioactive waste range from 10,000 to millions of years, according to studies based on the effect of estimated radiation doses. Breeder reactors can use recycled waste from light water reactors as a fuel, extracting additional energy while transmutating it to isotopes that would be safe after hundreds, instead of tens of thousands of years.
Challenges with radioactive waste management.
Hannes Alfvén, Nobel laureate in physics, described the as yet unsolved dilemma of high-level radioactive waste management: "The problem is how to keep radioactive waste in storage until it decays after hundreds of thousands of years. The geologic deposit must be absolutely reliable as the quantities of poison are tremendous. It is very difficult to satisfy these requirements for the simple reason that we have had no practical experience with such a long term project. Moreover permanently guarded storage requires a society with unprecedented stability."
Thus, Alfvén identified two fundamental prerequisites for effective management of high-level radioactive waste: (1) stable geological formations, and (2) stable human institutions over hundreds of thousands of years. As Alfvén suggests, no known human civilization has ever endured for so long, and no geologic formation of adequate size for a permanent radioactive waste repository has yet been discovered that has been stable for so long a period. Nevertheless, avoiding confronting the risks associated with managing radioactive wastes may create countervailing risks of greater magnitude. Radioactive waste management is an example of policy analysis that requires special attention to ethical concerns, examined in the light of uncertainty and "futurity": consideration of 'the impacts of practices and technologies on future generations'.
There is a debate over what should constitute an acceptable scientific and engineering foundation for proceeding with radioactive waste disposal strategies. There are those who have argued, on the basis of complex geochemical simulation models, that relinquishing control over radioactive materials to geohydrologic processes at repository closure is an acceptable risk. They maintain that so-called “natural analogues” inhibit subterranean movement of radionuclides, making disposal of radioactive wastes in stable geologic formations unnecessary. However, existing models of these processes are empirically underdetermined: due to the subterranean nature of such processes in solid geologic formations, the accuracy of computer simulation models has not been verified by empirical observation, certainly not over periods of time equivalent to the lethal half-lives of high-level radioactive waste. On the other hand, some insist deep geologic repositories in stable geologic formations are necessary. National management plans of various countries display a variety of approaches to resolving this debate.
Researchers suggest that forecasts of health detriment for such long periods "should be examined critically". Practical studies only consider up to 100 years as far as effective planning and cost evaluations are concerned. Long term behaviour of radioactive wastes remains a subject for ongoing research. Management strategies and implementation plans of several representative national governments are described below.
Geologic disposal.
The process of selecting appropriate permanent repositories for high level waste and spent fuel is now under way in several countries with the first expected to be commissioned some time after 2017. The basic concept is to locate a large, stable geologic formation and use mining technology to excavate a tunnel, or large-bore tunnel boring machines (similar to those used to drill the Chunnel from England to France) to drill a shaft 500–1,000 meters below the surface where rooms or vaults can be excavated for disposal of high-level radioactive waste. The goal is to permanently isolate nuclear waste from the human environment. However, many people remain uncomfortable with the immediate stewardship cessation of this disposal system, suggesting perpetual management and monitoring would be more prudent.
Because some radioactive species have half-lives longer than one million years, even very low container leakage and radionuclide migration rates must be taken into account. Moreover, it may require more than one half-life until some nuclear materials lose enough radioactivity to no longer be lethal to living organisms. A 1983 review of the Swedish radioactive waste disposal program by the National Academy of Sciences found that country’s estimate of several hundred thousand years—perhaps up to one million years—being necessary for waste isolation “fully justified.”
Storing high level nuclear waste above ground for a century or so is considered appropriate by many scientists. This allows the material to be more easily observed and any problems detected and managed, while remaining accessible for possible recycling. The decay of short-lived radionuclides over this time period will also significantly reduce the level of radioactivity. It is also considered likely that over the next century newer materials will be developed which will not break down as quickly, thus increasing the longevity of the container once it is permanently buried.
Ocean floor disposal of radioactive waste include burial in a stable abyssal plain, or burial in a subduction zone that would slowly carry waste downward into the Earth's mantle. These approaches are currently not being seriously considered because they would require an amendment of the Law of the Sea.
The proposed land-based subductive waste disposal method would dispose of nuclear waste in a subduction zone accessed from land, and therefore is not prohibited by international agreement. This method has been described as a viable means of disposing of radioactive waste, and as a state-of-the-art nuclear waste disposal technology.
In nature, sixteen repositories were discovered at the Oklo mine in Gabon where natural nuclear fission reactions took place 1.7 billion years ago. The fission products in these natural formations were found to have moved less than 10 ft (3 m) over this period, though the lack of movement may be due more to retention in the uraninite structure than to insolubility and sorption from moving ground water; uraninite crystals are better preserved here than those in spent fuel rods because of a less complete nuclear reaction, so that reaction products would be less accessible to groundwater attack.
Materials for geological disposal.
In order to store the high level radioactive waste in long-term geological depositories, specific waste forms need to be used which will allow the radioactivity to decay away while the materials retain their integrity for thousands of years. The materials currently being used can be broken down into a few classes: glass waste forms, ceramic waste forms, and nanostructured materials.
The glass forms include borosilicate glasses and phosphate glasses. Borosilicate nuclear waste glasses are currently used on an industrial scale to immobilize high level radioactive waste in many countries which are currently producers of nuclear energy or have nuclear weaponry. The glass waste forms have the advantage of being able to accommodate a wide variety of waste-stream compositions, they are easy to scale up to industrial processing, and they are stable against thermal, radiative, and chemical perturbations. These glasses function by binding radioactive elements to nonradioactive glass-forming elements. Phosphate glasses while not being used industrially have much lower dissolution rates than borosilicate glasses, which make them a more favorable option. However, no single phosphate material has the ability to accommodate all of the radioactive products so phosphate storage requires more reprocessing to separate the waste into distinct fractions. Both glasses have to be processed at elevated temperatures making them unusable for some of the more volatile radiotoxic elements.
The ceramic waste forms offer higher waste loadings than the glass options because ceramics have crystalline structure. Also, mineral analogues of the ceramic waste forms provide evidence for long term durability. Due to this fact and the fact that they can be processed at lower temperatures, ceramics are often considered the next generation in high level radioactive waste forms. Ceramic waste forms offer great potential, but a lot of research remains to be done.
National management plans.
Finland, the United States and Sweden are the most advanced in developing a deep repository for high-level radioactive waste disposal. Countries vary in their plans on disposing used fuel directly or after reprocessing, with France and Japan having an extensive commitment to reprocessing. The country-specific status of high-level waste management plans are described below.
In many European countries (e.g., Britain, Finland, the Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland) the risk or dose limit for a member of the public exposed to radiation from a future high-level nuclear waste facility is considerably more stringent than that suggested by the International Commission on Radiation Protection or proposed in the United States. European limits are often more stringent than the standard suggested in 1990 by the International Commission on Radiation Protection by a factor of 20, and more stringent by a factor of ten than the standard proposed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository for the first 10,000 years after closure. Moreover, the U.S. EPA’s proposed standard for greater than 10,000 years is 250 times more permissive than the European limit.
The countries that have made the most progress towards a repository for high-level radioactive waste have typically started with public consultations and made voluntary siting a necessary condition. This consensus seeking approach is believed to have a greater chance of success than top-down modes of decision making, but the process is necessarily slow, and there is "inadequate experience around the world to know if it will succeed in all existing and aspiring nuclear nations".
Moreover, most communities do not want to host a nuclear waste repository as they are "concerned about their community becoming a de facto site for waste for thousands of years, the health and envionmental consequences of an accident, and lower property values".
Asia.
People's Republic of China.
In the Peoples Republic of China, ten reactors provide about 2% of electricity and five more are under construction. China made a commitment to reprocessing in the 1980s; a pilot plant is under construction at Lanzhou, where a temporary spent fuel storage facility has been constructed. Geological disposal has been studied since 1985, and a permanent deep geological repository was required by law in 2003. Sites in Gansu Province near the Gobi desert in northwestern China are under investigation, with a final site expected to be selected by 2020, and actual disposal by about 2050.
Republic of China.
In the Republic of China, nuclear waste storage facility was built at the Southern tip of Orchid Island in Taitung County, offshore of Taiwan Island. The facility was built in 1982 and it is owned and operated by Taipower. The facility receives nuclear waste from Taipower's current three nuclear power plants. However, due to the strong resistance from local community in the island, the nuclear waste has to be stored at the power plant facilities themselves.
India.
Sixteen nuclear reactors produce about 3% of India’s electricity, and seven more are under construction. Spent fuel is processed at facilities in Trombay near Mumbai, at Tarapur on the west coast north of Mumbai, and at Kalpakkam on the southeast coast of India. Plutonium will be used in a fast breeder reactor (under construction) to produce more fuel, and other waste vitrified at Tarapur and Trombay. Interim storage for 30 years is expected, with eventual disposal in a deep geological repository in crystalline rock near Kalpakkam.
Japan.
With 55 nuclear reactors producing about 29% of its electricity, the Japanese policy is to reprocess its nuclear waste. Originally spent fuel was reprocessed under contract in England and France, but after public outcry the Rokkasho Reprocessing Plant was built, with operations originally expected to commence in 2007. The policy to use recovered plutonium as mixed oxide (MOX) reactor fuel was questioned on economic grounds because there are few reactors capable of using it, and in 2004 it was revealed the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry had covered up a 1994 report indicating reprocessing spent fuel would cost four times as much as burying it.
In 2000, a Specified Radioactive Waste Final Disposal Act called for creation of a new organization to manage high level radioactive waste, and later that year the Nuclear Waste Management Organization of Japan (NUMO) was established under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. NUMO is responsible for selecting a permanent deep geological repository site, construction, operation and closure of the facility for waste emplacement by 2040. Site selection began in 2002 and application information was sent to 3,239 municipalities, but by 2006, no local government had volunteered to host the facility. Kōchi Prefecture showed interest in 2007, but its mayor resigned due to local opposition. In December 2013 the government decided to identify suitable candidate areas before approaching municipalities.
The head of the Science Council of Japan’s expert panel has said Japan's seismic conditions makes it difficult to predict ground conditions over the necessary 100,000 years, so it will be impossible to convince the public of the safety of deep geological disposal.
Europe.
Belgium.
The deep disposal of high-level radioactive waste (HLW) has been studied in Belgium for more than 30 years. Boom Clay is presently studied as a reference host formation for HLW disposal. The Hades underground research laboratory (URL) is located at −223 m in the Boom Formation at the Mol site. The Belgian URL is operated by the Euridice Economic Interest Group, a joint organisation between SCK•CEN, the Belgian Nuclear Research Centre which initiated the research on waste disposal in Belgium in the 1970s and 1980s and ONDRAF/NIRAS, the waste management authorities. In Belgium, the regulatory body in charge of guidance and licensing approval is the Federal Agency of Nuclear Control, created in 2001.
Finland.
In 1983, the government decided to select a site for permanent repository by 2010. With four nuclear reactors providing 29% of its electricity, Finland in 1987 enacted a Nuclear Energy Act making the producers of radioactive waste responsible for its disposal, subject to requirements of its Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority and an absolute veto given to local governments in which a proposed repository would be located. Producers of nuclear waste organized the company Posiva, with responsibility for site selection, construction and operation of a permanent repository. A 1994 amendment to the Act required final disposal of spent fuel in Finland, prohibiting the import or export of radioactive waste.
Environmental assessment of four sites occurred in 1997–98, Posiva chose the Olkiluoto site near two existing reactors, and the local government approved it in 2000. The Finnish Parliament approved a deep geologic repository there in igneous bedrock at a depth of about 500 meters in 2001. The repository concept is similar to the Swedish model, with containers to be clad in copper and buried below the water table beginning in 2020. An underground characterization facility, Onkalo spent nuclear fuel repository, is currently (2012) under construction at the site.
France.
With 58 nuclear reactors contributing about 75% of its electricity, the highest percentage of any country, France has been reprocessing its spent reactor fuel since the introduction of nuclear power there. Some reprocessed plutonium is used to make fuel, but more is being produced than is being recycled as reactor fuel. France also reprocesses spent fuel for other countries, but the nuclear waste is returned to the country of origin. Radioactive waste from reprocessing French spent fuel is expected to be disposed of in a geological repository, pursuant to legislation enacted in 1991 that established a 15-year period for conducting radioactive waste management research. Under this legislation, partition and transmutation of long-lived elements, immobilization and conditioning processes, and long-term near surface storage are being investigated by the Commissariat à l’Energie Atomique (CEA). Disposal in deep geological formations is being studied by the French agency for radioactive waste management, L'Agence Nationale pour la Gestion des Déchets Radioactifs, in underground research labs.
Three sites were identified for possible deep geologic disposal in clay near the border of Meuse and Haute-Marne, near Gard, and at Vienne. In 1998 the government approved the Meuse/Haute Marne Underground Research Laboratory, a site near Meuse/Haute-Marne and dropped the others from further consideration. Legislation was proposed in 2006 to license a repository by 2015, with operations expected in 2025.
Germany.
Nuclear waste policy in Germany is in flux. With 17 reactors in operation, accounting for about 30% of its electricity, German planning for a permanent geologic repository began in 1974, focused on salt dome Gorleben, a salt mine near Gorleben about 100 kilometers northeast of Braunschweig. The site was announced in 1977 with plans for a reprocessing plant, spent fuel management, and permanent disposal facilities at a single site. Plans for the reprocessing plant were dropped in 1979. In 2000, the federal government and utilities agreed to suspend underground investigations for three to ten years, and the government committed to ending its use of nuclear power, closing one reactor in 2003. In 2005 Angela Merkel was elected Chancellor with a promise to change the policy moving away from nuclear power, but was unsuccessful in doing so through November 2006.
Meanwhile, electric utilities have been transporting spent fuel to interim storage facilities at Gorleben, Lubmin and Ahaus until temporary storage facilities can be built near reactor sites. Previously, spent fuel was sent to France or United Kingdom for reprocessing, but this practice was ended in July 2005.
Russia.
In Russia, the Ministry of Atomic Energy (Minatom) is responsible for 31 nuclear reactors which generate about 16% of its electricity. Minatom is also responsible for reprocessing and radioactive waste disposal, including over 25,000 tons of spent nuclear fuel in temporary storage in 2001.
Russia has a long history of reprocessing spent fuel for military purposes, and previously planned to reprocess imported spent fuel, possibly including some of the 33,000 metric tons of spent fuel accumulated at sites in other countries who received fuel from the U.S., which the U.S. originally pledged to take back, such as Brazil, the Czech Republic, India, Japan, Mexico, Slovenia, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, and the European Union.
An Environmental Protection Act in 1991 prohibited importing radioactive material for long-term storage or burial in Russia, but controversial legislation to allow imports for permanent storage was passed by the Russian Parliament and signed by President Putin in 2001. In the long term, the Russian plan is for deep geologic disposal. Most attention has been paid to locations where waste has accumulated in temporary storage at Mayak, near Chelyabinsk in the Ural Mountains, and in granite at Krasnoyarsk in Siberia.
Sweden.
In Sweden, there are ten operating nuclear reactors that produce about 45% of its electricity. Two other reactors in Barsebäck were shut down in 1999 and 2005. When these reactors were built, it was expected their nuclear fuel would be reprocessed in a foreign country, and the reprocessing waste would not be returned to Sweden. Later, construction of a domestic reprocessing plant was contemplated, but has not been built.
Passage of the Stipulation Act of 1977 transferred responsibility for nuclear waste management from the government to the nuclear industry, requiring reactor operators to present an acceptable plan for waste management with “absolute safety” in order to obtain an operating license. In early 1980, after the Three Mile Island meltdown in the United States, a referendum was held on the future use of nuclear power in Sweden. In late 1980, after a three-question referendum produced mixed results, the Swedish Parliament decided to phase out existing reactors by 2010. In 2010, the Swedish government opened up for construction of new nuclear reactors. The new units can only be built at the existing nuclear power sites, Oskarshamn, Ringhals or Forsmark, and only to replace one of the existing reactors, that will have to be shut down for the new one to be able to start up.
The Swedish Nuclear Fuel and Waste Management Co. (Svensk Kärnbränslehantering AB, known as SKB) was created in 1980 and is responsible for final disposal of nuclear waste there. This includes operation of a monitored retrievable storage facility, the Central Interim Storage Facility for Spent Nuclear Fuel at Oskarshamn, about 150 miles south of Stockholm on the Baltic coast; transportation of spent fuel; and construction of a permanent repository. Swedish utilities store spent fuel at the reactor site for one year before transporting it to the facility at Oskarshamn, where it will be stored in excavated caverns filled with water for about 30 years before removal to a permanent repository.
Conceptual design of a permanent repository was determined by 1983, calling for placement of copper-clad iron canisters in granite bedrock about 1,650 feet underground, below the water table in what is known as the KBS-3 method. Space around the canisters will be filled with bentonite clay. After examining six possible locations for a permanent repository, three were nominated for further investigation, at Osthammar, Oskarshamn, and Tierp. The first two are still under consideration, with a final selection expected in 2009. On 3 June 2009, Swedish Nuclear Fuel and Waste Co. chose a location for a deep-level waste site at Östhammar, near Forsmark Nuclear Power plant. The application to build the repository was handed in by SKB 2011.
Switzerland.
Switzerland has five nuclear reactors that provide about 43% of its electricity. Some Swiss spent nuclear fuel has been sent for reprocessing in France and the United Kingdom; most fuel is currently being stored without reprocessing. An industry-owned organization, ZWILAG, built and operates a central interim storage facility for spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste, and for conditioning low-level radioactive waste and for incinerating wastes. Other interim storage facilities predating ZWILAG continue to operate in Switzerland.
The Swiss program is currently considering options for the siting of a deep repository for high-level radioactive waste disposal, and for low & intermediate level wastes. Construction of a repository is not foreseen until well into this century. Research on sedimentary rock (especially Opalinus Clay) is presently carried out at the Swiss Mont Terri rock laboratory; the Grimsel Test Site, an older facility in crystalline rock is also still active.
United Kingdom.
Great Britain has 19 operating reactors, producing about 20% of its electricity. It processes much of its spent fuel at Sellafield on the northwest coast across from Ireland, where nuclear waste is vitrified and sealed in stainless steel canisters for dry storage above ground for at least 50 years before eventual deep geologic disposal. Sellafield has a history of environmental and safety problems, including a fire in a nuclear plant in Windscale, and a significant incident in 2005 at the main reprocessing plant (THORP).
In 1982 the Nuclear Industry Radioactive Waste Management Executive (NIREX) was established with responsibility for disposing of long-lived nuclear waste and in 2006 a Committee on Radioactive Waste Management (CoRWM) of the Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs recommended geologic disposal 200–1,000 meters underground. NIREX developed a generic repository concept based on the Swedish model but has not yet selected a site. A Nuclear Decommissioning Authority is responsible for packaging waste from reprocessing and will eventually relieve British Nuclear Fuels Ltd. of responsibility for power reactors and the Sellafield reprocessing plant.
North America.
Canada.
The 18 operating nuclear power plants in Canada generated about 16% of its electricity in 2006. A national Nuclear Fuel Waste Act was enacted by the Canadian Parliament in 2002, requiring nuclear energy corporations to create a waste management organization to propose to the Government of Canada approaches for management of nuclear waste, and implementation of an approach subsequently selected by the government. The Act defined management as “long term management by means of storage or disposal, including handling, treatment, conditioning or transport for the purpose of storage or disposal.”
The resulting Nuclear Waste Management Organization(NWMO) conducted an extensive 3-year study and consultation with Canadians. In 2005, they recommended Adaptive Phased Management, an approach that emphasized both technical and management methods. The technical method included centralized isolation and containment of spent nuclear fuel in a deep geologic repository in a suitable rock formation, such as the granite of the Canadian Shield or Ordovician sedimentary rocks. Also recommended was a phased decision making process supported by a program of continuous learning, research and development.
In 2007, the Canadian government accepted this recommendation, and NWMO was tasked with implementing the recommendation. No specific timeframe was defined for the process. Currently (2009) the NWMO is designing the process for site selection; siting is expected to take 10 years or more.
United States.
The Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 established a timetable and procedure for constructing a permanent, underground repository for high-level radioactive waste by the mid-1990s, and provided for some temporary storage of waste, including spent fuel from 104 civilian nuclear reactors that produce about 19.4% of electricity there. The United States in April 2008 had about 56,000 metric tons of spent fuel and 20,000 canisters of solid defense-related waste, and this is expected to increase to 119,000 metric tons by 2035. The U.S. opted for Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository, a final repository at Yucca Mountain in Nevada, but this project was widely opposed, with some of the main concerns being long distance transportation of waste from across the United States to this site, the possibility of accidents, and the uncertainty of success in isolating nuclear waste from the human environment in perpetuity. Yucca Mountain, with capacity for 70,000 metric tons of radioactive waste, was expected to open in 2017. However, the Obama Administration rejected use of the site in the 2009 United States Federal Budget proposal, which eliminated all funding except that needed to answer inquiries from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, "while the Administration devises a new strategy toward nuclear waste disposal." On March 5, 2009, Energy Secretary Steven Chu told a Senate hearing "the Yucca Mountain site no longer was viewed as an option for storing reactor waste." Starting in 1999, military-generated nuclear waste is being entombed at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in New Mexico.
In a Presidential Memorandum dated January 29, 2010, President Obama established the Blue Ribbon Commission on America’s Nuclear Future (the Commission). The Commission, composed of fifteen members, conducted an extensive two-year study of nuclear waste disposal, what is referred to as the “back end” of the nuclear energy process. The Commission established three subcommittees: Reactor and Fuel Cycle Technology, Transportation and Storage, and Disposal. On January 26, 2012, the Commission submitted its final report to Energy Secretary Steven Chu. In the Disposal Subcommittee’s final report the Commission does not issue recommendations for a specific site but rather presents a comprehensive recommendation for disposal strategies. During their research the Commission visited Finland, France, Japan, Russia, Sweden, and the UK. In their final report the Commission put forth seven recommendations for developing a comprehensive strategy to pursue:
International repository.
Although Australia does not have any nuclear power reactors, Pangea Resources considered siting an international repository in the outback of South Australia or Western Australia in 1998, but this stimulated legislative opposition in both states and the Australian national Senate during the following year. Thereafter, Pangea ceased operations in Australia but reemerged as Pangea International Association, and in 2002 evolved into the Association for Regional and International Underground Storage with support from Belgium, Bulgaria, Hungary, Japan and Switzerland. A general concept for an international repository has been advanced by one of the principals in all three ventures. Russia has expressed interest in serving as a repository for other countries, but does not envision sponsorship or control by an international body or group of other countries. South Africa, Argentina and western China have also been mentioned as possible locations.
In the EU, COVRA is negotiating a European-wide waste disposal system with single disposal sites that can be used by several EU-countries. This EU-wide storage possibility is being researched under the SAPIERR-2 program.

</doc>
<doc id="20825558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825558" title="Charles Sumner Frost">
Charles Sumner Frost

Charles Sumner Frost (May 31, 1856 – December 11, 1931) was an American architect. He is best known as the architect of Navy Pier and for designing over 100 buildings for the Chicago and North Western Railway.
Biography.
Born in Lewiston, Maine, Frost was first a draftsman in Boston, and a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. While working in Boston he worked for the firm of Peabody and Stearns. He moved to Chicago in 1882. There he began a partnership with Henry Ives Cobb. Together, they established the firm Cobb and Frost, which was active from 1882 to 1898. After the partnership ended, he worked alone. On January 1, 1898, he partnered with Alfred Hoyt Granger to form the firm of Frost and Granger. Frost and Granger were known for their designs of train stations and terminals, including the now-demolished Chicago and North Western Terminal. Frost designed 127 buildings for the Chicago and North Western Railroad alone. After Frost and Granger dissolved, Frost continued to work independently, designing such structures as the Navy Pier Auditorium.

</doc>
<doc id="20825559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825559" title="Independence Dam State Park">
Independence Dam State Park

Independence Dam State Park is a in Defiance County, Ohio in the United States. This Ohio state park lies on the banks of the Maumee River and features ruins of the Miami and Erie Canal. The park was established in 1949 and is open for year round recreation including, boating, fishing, hiking and picnicking. It is off U.S. Route 24 just east of Defiance, Ohio.
History.
Independence Dam State Park is near the confluence of the Auglaize River and Maumee River. The area has played a key role in the history of northwest Ohio providing a travel route for numerous Indian tribes including the Iroquois, Miami, Lenape, Ottawa, Erie, Wyandot, and Shawnee. Anglo-American explorers were also drawn to the rivers for many of the same reasons as the Native Americans. It provided a reliable source of water as well as an abundance of fish and game.
Two Indian leaders spent part of their lives in the area. Pontiac, an Ottawa leader, is believed to have been born near the confluence of the rivers. He went on to lead what is known as Pontiac's Rebellion against the trade policies of the British rulers in the years following the French and Indian War. Blue Jacket a Shawnee leader made his home in the area. He was a leader in the Northwest Indian War an effort by a united group of tribes to halt the westward expansion of American settlement.
President George Washington dispatched General Anthony Wayne and his army to the Northwest Territory to put down the Indian uprising. After the Native Americans were driven out and west, the land was opened to settlement by Anglo-Americans. Homesteaders arrived soon after. They cleared the land and began farming.
The Miami and Erie and Wabash and Erie Canals passed through the area of Independence State Park. The canals connected the Ohio River with Lake Erie. Cities such as Defiance grew along the banks of the canal. They developed into trade and industrial centers. The canal system thrived for about thirty years in the mid-to-late 19th century before they were replaced by the railroads.
A flood in 1913 destroyed much of what remained of the canals. Seven preserved miles of the canal stretch between Independence Dam State Park and Ohio State Route 424. The ruins of Lock Number Thirteen of the canal are crossed by the main park entrance.
Independence Dam was built in the 19th century to provide water for the canal system. The original wooden dam was replaced in 1924 by the current concrete dam. At this time several civic organizations began a drive to set aside the land between the river and the canal as a state park. The Ohio Department of Public Works purchased the lands and Independence Dam State Park was opened to the public in 1949.
Ecology.
Independence Dam State Park is in the Maumee Valley. This valley has been changed tremendously since it was settled after the Northwest Indian War. It was in the middle of the Great Black Swamp which was 30 to wide and about long. It was a heavily forested area that was home to massive sycamore trees that were converted into barns and in some cases homes. Oak and tulip trees were mixed in with the sycamore and walnut. Nearly every tree was cut in less than 100 years after the settlement of Ohio.
The Maumee Valley was one of the last areas of Ohio to be cleared. The swampy ground made it difficult for settlers to enter. The swamp was drained between 1859 and 1875 with a series of ditches and drains. Nearly of land were cleared after the swamps were emptied. The region was covered with farms, as it is today, by 1885. Only six percent of the Maumee Valley is now covered with forests, some of this land is in Independence Dam State Park and up and down the Maumee River from the park.
Stands of Great Sycamore, beech, maple and Black Locust trees line the river banks. The river banks support a variety of woodland plant and animals including Skunks, Raccoons, Fox Squirrels, Groundhogs, jewelweed, spring beauties, Louisiana waterthrush, and Yellow-throated warblers.
Recreation.
Independence Dam State Park is open for year round recreation. Access to the Maumee River is provided at the park. Unlimited horsepower boating is allowed on the river. A four mile (6 km) section above Independence Dam is open to water skiing. The river is home to northern pike, crappie, walleye, smallmouth bass, and catfish. Anglers must have a valid Ohio fishing license when fishing at the park. The former towpath for the Miami and Erie Canal is open for hiking and biking. There are several picnic tables along the banks of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="20825563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825563" title="45 Minutes of Fairytale Endings">
45 Minutes of Fairytale Endings

45 Minutes of Fairytale Endings is the debut album released in 2003 by the British metal band Zero Cipher. All copies of the album came bundled with a 2nd disc; a copy of Zero Cipher's 45rpm EP.
Trivia.
The 'chapter' tracks are actually interludes that tell the story of the evil Wizard Andy and his plot to kidnap the Princess Arbatina and take over the Kingdom. The Prince Pusillanimous consults with the Arbatina's greasy troll David to find out where she has been taken. He then begins his rescue mission much to the dismay of David who was also in love with Arbatina. After a fight which results in Andy's demise, Pusillanimous and Arbatina are re-united. During a 'secret track' at the end of the album, Pusillanimous leaves Arbatina after he has sexual intercourse with her.
'Magic Time' contains a prominent sample of the quote, 'Alright people, it's Magic Time!' from the 1987 film, Spaceballs.
Despite being only 39 seconds long, 'Oompa Loompa' was one of Zero Cipher's most popular songs. In a live environment, it would usually be played for a longer amount of time with Duncan inciting the crowd to sing 'Oompa Loompa! Stick it up your jumper!' back to the band. The line itself is a bastardisation of a line from "I Am the Walrus" by The Beatles.

</doc>
<doc id="20825564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825564" title="Candy Cane Lane, Duboistown">
Candy Cane Lane, Duboistown

Candy Cane Lane is the name given to the 200 block of Summer Street in Duboistown in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania when it is decorated for Christmas from Thanksgiving to The Epiphany each year. In 2007 Candy Cane Lane celebrated its fiftieth anniversary and was honored with a parade and a proclamation by the mayor of the borough proclaiming the month of "December as Candy Cane Lane month forever more in DuBoistown". 
Location.
Duboistown is a borough in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania, which is about northwest of Philadelphia and east-northeast of Pittsburgh. Duboistown is between the West Branch Susquehanna River to the north and Bald Eagle Mountain to the south. The city of Williamsport lies to the north of Duboistown across the river, the borough of South Williamsport is east, and Armstrong Township is to the west and south.
Summer Street runs north–south in Duboistown, with Winter Street to the west and Spring Street to the east. Summer Street is only two blocks long and the 200 block, between Euclid Avenue (which is also Pennsylvania Route 654) to the north and Highland Avenue to the south. The 200 block of Summer Street is the part of the street known as Candy Cane Lane.
Fiftieth anniversary.
Candy Cane Lane was first decorated for Christmas in 1957. On December 9, 2007, the borough of Duboistown celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of Candy Cane Lane with a parade and proclamation. The parade featured thirty units, including floats, fire and police vehicles, marching bands, local politicians and celebrities, and people dressed as elves, Dugout (the Little League Baseball mascot), Frosty the Snowman, Santa and Mrs. Claus. A celebration followed in the Duboistown Fire Hall. 
The 200 block of Summer Street has only thirteen houses on it: five on the west side and eight on the east. All of these house are heavily decorated for the holidays with lights and figures. The proclamation for the fiftieth anniversary of Candy Cane Lane specifically recognized six residents of Summer Street who have lived there the entire fifty years. Borough mayor Lou Plankenhorn’s proclamation officially declared the month of "December as Candy Cane Lane month forever more in DuBoistown".
Candy Cane Lane is a popular destination for sightseers between Thanksgiving and Epiphany. On Christmas Eve traffic backs up on Euclid Avenue as people wait to drive up the street. A visit to Candy Cane Lane is an important Christmas tradition for many area families. Even after Christmas, Summer Street is often referred to as "Candy Cane Lane" locally.
External links.
http://www.mountainhomemag.com/2013/12/the-miracle-on-candy-cane-lane/

</doc>
<doc id="20825566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825566" title="Dabar (zhupa)">
Dabar (zhupa)

Dabar was a small administrative division (a zhupa) of the medieval principality of Zahumlje (later Hum). 
Dabar was situated around Dabar Polje, and bordered on Dubrava in the west, Nevesinje in the north, Fatnica in the east and Popovo in the south-west. "Dabar" means "beaver" and according to some explanations, the region's name could be connected to beavers. There was also another region with the same name in Lim River valley that had belonged to the Kingdom of Serbia until 1373 when Tvrtko I has gained it for Bosnia.

</doc>
<doc id="20825573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825573" title="Quaternary Environment of the Eurasian North">
Quaternary Environment of the Eurasian North

Quaternary Environment of the Eurasian North, abbreviated QUEEN was an international and interdisciplinary research programme in the Arctic.
QUEEN was established to understand the processes involved in environmental changes in the Arctic region by studying past environmental changes during the Late Cenozoic era. A primary objective of QUEEN was to make the environmental record and the history of glaciation during the last 250,000 years as complete for Eurasia as elsewhere. Regions of particular importance for understanding the Arctic's role in global climate change are the Eurasian shelves and the land masses south of these, including Siberian permafrost. The ice sheets in these regions are key elements in paleoclimatic models and play a vital role in the reconstruction of a continuous paleoenvironmental record. Special effort was devoted to the correlation of records from different sources across the Arctic. The programme was running between 1996 and 2003 under the umbrella of the European Science Foundation (ESF) and was coordinated by Prof. Dr. Jörn Thiede.
Background.
Global climate models have shown that the Arctic Ocean and surrounding continental
areas are highly sensitive to the Greenhouse Effect. The temperature increase predicted by
such climate models would lead to a reduction in Arctic sea ice cover and the release of
further Greenhouse gases from Arctic soils. This in turn would have a major impact on the
European climate.
Associated changes in surface albedo and ocean-atmosphere heat and gas exchange 
accelerate global warming, having a positive feedback effect. Increased temperatures of Arctic
surface waters affects the deep water renewal in the Nordic Seas and the
effectiveness of the global conveyor belt, which regulates the European climate through the
Nordic heat pump. Partial melting of the Greenland ice sheet from warming in the Arctic 
induces a global sea level rise, increasing the danger of flooding in low lying regions close to
coasts all over the world.
The models predicting future climate change are tested and validated mainly against historical
climate data when the actual changes that subsequently occurred are known. To do this
accurately obviously requires detailed knowledge of what these past changes were. Although
the Arctic is known to have a key role in climate change, comparatively little is known about
extent and rates of Late Quaternary changes of climatically and oceanographically important
parameters in the Arctic.
Prior to QUEEN many projects were conducted in isolation, with little exchange of information between the institutions involved. Political changes in the late 198th/early 199th made it possible to exchange information freely between
Russian scientists and their colleagues from Western countries. All scientists had access
to the Russian Arctic, which comprises about half of the circum-Arctic land mass. As a result,
many projects looking at climatic and environmental changes during the recent geological past
were focusing on the Arctic as a whole. Among those, QUEEN was one of the first.
Objectives.
on continental shelves, and in the deep sea of the Arctic Ocean along the Eurasian
continental margin.
tools and dating methods.
palaeontological evidence.
through the glacial-interglacial cycles by numerical modeling.
vertical movements of the underlying earth surface.
change.
the last glacial maximum and deglaciation (<30,000 yr BP).
References.
Thiede, Jörn & Bauch, Henning (1999) The Late Quaternary history of northern Eurasia and the adjacent Arctic Ocean: an introduction to QUEEN. Boreas, Vol. 28, pp. 3–5. Oslo. ISSN 0300-9483. 
Thiede, Jörn (1996) Quaternary Environment of the Eurasian North (QUEEN), European Science Foundation, Strasbourg. (pdf 150 kB)
Grobe, Hannes; Thiede, Jörn (1997) Information System for the ESF/QUEEN Programme (QUEEN/PANGAEA), Initial workshop/proposal, Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research, Bremerhaven. (pdf 100 kB)
Grobe, Hannes (2001) Annual and final report of the EU project "Information System for the ESF/QUEEN Programme (QUEEN/PANGAEA)", MAS3-CT98-0185, Alfred Wegener Institute/European Network for Research in Global Change (ENRICH) within the R&D Programme 'Environment and Climate', 21 pp. (pdf 100 kB)
Scientific results were published in special QUEEN issues of the following journals:

</doc>
<doc id="20825583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825583" title="Showdown (1973 film)">
Showdown (1973 film)

Showdown is a 1972 American Western film directed by George Seaton and starring Rock Hudson, Dean Martin and Susan Clark.
It was the final film for Seaton, who three years earlier had directed Martin and an all-star cast in the blockbuster hit "Airport".
In a 1972 episode of the TV series "McMillan & Wife" called “Cop of the Year,” McMillan (played by Hudson) visits the set of a Western (directed by Seaton, who plays himself) to ask the special-effects supervisor about how to make a gunshot wound appear on the chest of a gunman—who, in the shot being filmed, is the victim in a showdown.
Plot.
Childhood friends Billy Massey and Chuck Jarvis go in opposite directions after Chuck ends up married to Billy's former sweetheart. Billy becomes a bank robber, Chuck a lawman. But they end up joining forces against common enemies in a final showdown.

</doc>
<doc id="20825609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825609" title="Cobb and Frost">
Cobb and Frost


</doc>
<doc id="20825612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825612" title="Gentlemen Broncos">
Gentlemen Broncos

Gentlemen Broncos is a 2009 comedy film written by Jared and Jerusha Hess and directed by Jared Hess. The film stars Michael Angarano, Jemaine Clement, Jennifer Coolidge, and Sam Rockwell.
Plot.
Benjamin Purvis lives with his mother Judith, who designs tacky clothes and makes rock hard popcorn balls. Judith and Benjamin make ends meet by working at a women's retail clothing store. Benjamin spends his spare time writing science fiction stories, and he has recently completed a story called "Yeast Lords" that centers on a hero named Bronco, modeled after his long-dead father.
At a two-day writing camp for aspiring fantasy and science fiction authors, Benjamin attends lectures by his idol Ronald Chevalier. Chevalier announces a contest for the writers, in which the winner's story will be published nationally. After encouragement from fellow camper Tabitha, Benjamin submits "Yeast Lords". Tabatha shows the story to her friend Lonnie Donaho who runs an ultra low-budget video production company. Lonnie gives Benjamin a post-dated check for $500 and begins adapting "Yeast Lords" into a film.
Throughout the film, portions of "Yeast Lords" are enacted as Benjamin imagines it. Bronco is infinitely masculine, and he valiantly struggles with a villain over yeast production. As Chevalier reviews the stories from the campers, he gets a call from his publisher, rejecting his latest manuscript. Panicked, he picks up Benjamin's story, and it sparks his imagination. Chevalier changes Bronco into Brutus, an extremely effeminate and comically flamboyant hero, but otherwise leaves the story intact. His publisher loves it, and the novel is rushed into production.
Benjamin is nauseated to see how badly Donaho has adapted his work, and he abruptly leaves the local premiere of the film with Tabatha. They go to a bookstore where he discovers Chevalier's plagiarism. He confronts Chevalier at a local book signing, assaulting him with some merchandise Chevalier had offered him in exchange for keeping his theft quiet. Judith comes to visit her son in jail to give him his birthday present. She hands him a box of manuscripts, all officially bound by the Writers Guild of America. She explains that she has been registering all his stories with them since he was seven years old, thinking they would make a nice keepsake for his children.
"Yeast Lords" is one of the registered stories. The film ends with copies of Chevalier's novel being replaced on store shelves with Benjamin's. Over the closing credits, he sits and proudly watches a fashion show featuring his mother's designs.
Production.
In December 2007, "JoBlo.com" reported that Jared and Jerusha Hess had signed with Fox Searchlight Pictures to produce "Gentlemen Broncos", based on a spec script they had written. The deal called for Jared Hess to direct and Mike White, who co-wrote "Nacho Libre" with them, to produce. Filming began in March 2008 in Utah. Much of the film was shot in Tooele, UT. In early August 2008, work on an Internet viral marketing began, which had a video introducing the character of Ronald Chevalier. A second video was released in October 2008. A trailer was released on August 19, 2009. Some of the artwork in the opening credits is by fantasy and science fiction artist David Lee Anderson.
Release.
"Gentlemen Broncos" was intended to be released theatrically on October 30, 2009, but due to poor reviews the national release was pulled from theaters.
Reception.
The film received mostly negative reviews and holds a 18% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 78 reviews by critics. Metacritic gave it a generally unfavorable 28 out of 100 based on 21 reviews. Roger Ebert gave the film 2 out of 4 stars, writing that while "Hess invents good characters" they quickly become lost in a disjointed and meandering story.
Home media.
"Gentlemen Broncos" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on March 2, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20825621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825621" title="TKO (Le Tigre song)">
TKO (Le Tigre song)

"TKO" is a song written and recorded by Le Tigre. The song was released as the second single from their third album "This Island".
Chart performance.
"TKO" became Le Tigre's first single to chart on the UK Singles Chart. It is their highest charting single to date on the chart. It debuted and peaked at #50 before falling to #60 in its second week.
Song usage.
"TKO" has been used in TV shows "The O.C." (episode title: The Mallpisode) and "One Tree Hill" (episode title: A Multitude of Casualties). In addition, the song was used in the movie "Accepted".

</doc>
<doc id="20825633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825633" title="Nokia 6301">
Nokia 6301

The Nokia 6301, approved by the FCC for the US market in January 2008, (RM-323 for the North America market, RM-322 for the European market) is a triband GSM unit. The North American model 6301b is equipped with 850/1800/1900 MHz bands. The European model 6301 is equipped with 900/1800/1900 MHz bands.
The 6301 is SMS, MMS 1.2 and instant message capable. It has a standard 12 button numeric keypad, a five way navigation key and four additional keys on its face. It has a side volume key and a top mounted dedicated power key.
The bulk of the area above the keypad is taken up with the 2.0" TFT display, 320 x 240 pixels with up to 16.7 Million colors. It is a small device weighing 3.27 oz and is 4.20 x 1.72 x 0.52 in. Power is provided by a BL-4C 860 mAh Li-ion unit providing up to 3.5 hours of use per charge.
While nearly identical in appearance to the Nokia 6300, there are significant differences between the two.
Major features.
UMA.
Unlicensed Mobile Access allows the mobile device to utilise a wireless router to make phone calls. The phone and router are recognized as being similar to a phone and GSM tower by the carrier's system. This allows for seamless handoffs between the router and the GSM tower at the point where the device is no longer in range of the router.
802.11b/g.
Wireless connection for data transfer to the service provider means downloading content such as ringtones, games and wallpapers proceeds at a much faster pace than EDGE or GPRS speeds.
Music capability.
An FM radio and multi-format music player are included in the build. Stereo output is accomplished through the 2.5 mm Nokia AV port at the bottom of the device or through the Bluetooth A2DP provision. Operation of the FM radio requires a wired device be attached to the AV port as it functions as the antenna for the radio. The music player supports Midi, AAC, AAC+, enhanced AAC+, MP3, and WMA files. There is an equalizer to allow for some adjustment of the tonal quality of the sound.
Photography and videography.
A 2.0 megepixel CMOS sensor is mated to a fixed focus lens without auxiliary lighting. Maximum resolution is 1600 x 1200. Digital zoom allows for in camera cropping prior to taking the shot. The still image camera has High, Normal and Basic quality settings. Image size choices are 160 x 120, 320 x 240, 640 480, 800 x 600, 1280 x 960 and 1600 x 1200. Available effects are Normal, False color, Grayscale, Sepia, Negative and Solarize. White Balance choices are Auto, Daylight, Tungsten and Fluorescent.
Video is shot through the same lens as still images. Video resolution choices are 176 x 144 and 128 x 96 and appear to be 15 frames per second. Video clip length choices are Maximum and Default. Default will produce a clip suitable for sending via MMS, or roughly less than 300KB. Other menu choices for video mirror those for still images. Both still and video images may be saved either to the phone memory or to the storage card.
Other features.
Browsing.
There is an xHTML browser for internet browsing. It is capable of displaying many web pages as intended with some side to side scrolling. It handles mobile designed web pages without scrolling. It handles google.com both in mobile and classic form without incident. Its rendering of Nokia.com was different from a desktop brower's rendering. This appears to be strictly an Adobe Flashplayer related issue.
Connectivity.
Getting the phone connected is accomplished by several channels. There is a miniUSB plug behind a cover at the bottom of the device. Nokia does not specify if this device is USB 1.0, 1.1 or 2.0 compliant. This is one avenue for connecting the 6301 to the a computer. 
The Bluetooth radio is another avenue for connection. This device implements Bluetooth 2.0 + EDR supporting these profiles: A2DP, AVRCP, DUN, FTP, GAP, GAVDP, GOEP, HFP, HSP, OPP, SAP, SDAP, SPP. 
Sideloading of information may be accomplished by way of the microSD or microSDHC card. This device supports up to 4 gigabytes.
Memory.
Device memory is up to 30 megabytes for end user purposes. Flash memory of 64 MB for handling the device firmware is also present.
Nokia 6300.
The Nokia 6300 is virtually identical in exterior appearance to the Nokia 6301. There are several internal and functional differences causing it to occupy a different functional niche than is occupied by the Nokia 6301.
Memory.
The user memory available is 7.8 megabytes. The microSD storage capacity is 2 gigabytes.
Connectivity.
Connectivity is limited to Bluetooth, There is no 802.11b/g (WiFi) associated with this device.
Identifying the 6300 and 6301.
The battery compartment label in these devices has information about the device. This will include the Model, the type and the FCC ID. The list following summarizes that information and the major differences among the various types.
European/Asian 6300
North American 6300
European/Asian 6301
North American 6301

</doc>
<doc id="20825634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825634" title="Diary of a Sadist">
Diary of a Sadist

Diary of a Sadist is the second album from British metal band Zero Cipher. It was released in 2005 on Anticulture Records to universal critical praise.
Trivia.
Like Zero Cipher's debut album, 'Diary of a Sadist' features interludes that follow a theme. Throughout the album, sections of ambient noise, the sound of scribbling on paper using a pencil and frantic breathing can be heard. This represents the 'sadist' (from the album title) writing in their 'diary'. This time, the interludes do not follow a narrative and usually appear on the end of songs instead of on separate tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20825656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825656" title="Birdland, San Diego">
Birdland, San Diego

Birdland is a neighborhood in San Diego, California. It is located between California State Route 163, Interstate 805 and Mission Valley. Most of the streets in the area are named after different bird species, hence the name of the community. Birdland should not be confused with Bird Rock, a neighborhood of La Jolla, nor with the area of Mission Hills where the streets are also named for birds.
Although identified as a separate community, Birdland is within the city of San Diego’s Serra Mesa Planning Area. 
Birdland is located in City Council District 7 and is currently represented by Councilmember Scott Sherman.
Most of Birdland was developed in the late 1950s and early 1960s. In planning documents, the area is identified as "El Dorado." While much of the neighborhood consists of single family homes, there are also three large apartment communities. 
The area is best known for its medical facilities, including:
The area also houses a Juvenile Detention Facility (Juvenile Hall).
Education.
The area is served by the San Diego Unified School District. There is only one school in the neighborhood: Fletcher Elementary School. Older children who live in Birdland usually attend Montgomery Middle School and Kearny High School in nearby Linda Vista. The school district's Supply Center is located in Birdland.

</doc>
<doc id="20825661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825661" title="Cy Ferry">
Cy Ferry

Alfred Joseph "Cy" Ferry (September 27, 1878 – September 27, 1938) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for two seasons. He pitched in three games for the Detroit Tigers during the 1904 Detroit Tigers season and in one game for the Cleveland Naps during the 1905 Cleveland Naps season.

</doc>
<doc id="20825664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825664" title="Bob F. Griffin">
Bob F. Griffin

Bob F. Griffin (also known as Bob Franklin Griffin) (born August 15, 1935) served as Speaker of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1981 to 1995—longer than any other speaker in state history.
Griffin was convicted on federal corruption charges in 1998 and had his sentence commuted by Bill Clinton in 2001.
Early life.
Griffin was born in Braymer, Missouri and received a B.S. in Business Administration in 1957 and his law degree in 1958 from the University of Missouri. He served a stint in the U.S. Air Force judge advocate general corps where he rose rank of captain. In 1962 he was elected prosecuting attorney of Clinton County, Missouri and opened a private law practice in Cameron, Missouri and also served with the Kansas City law firm of Linde Thompson Fairchild Kohn and Vandyke. He was re-elected in 1966.
In 1970 he was elected as a Democrat to the House from the 10th District which included portions of Clay County, Missouri, Clinton, DeKalb County, Missouri and Caldwell County, Missouri.
Speaker.
From 1977 to 1980 he was speaker pro tempore. Griffin, noted for his genial demanor, rose to the Speaker status in 1981—the first speaker from western Missouri since 1955. He increased the number of committees from 36 to 45 and installed several chairmen from western Missouri and Kansas City, Missouri. Griffin would steer numerous projects to western Missouri including the Western Missouri Correctional Center in his hometown in Cameron (located on Pence Rd. on the edge of Cameron).
In 1989 he was accused of steering business to his new Kansas City law firm of Kraft Fridkin and Ryhne. He was challenged for the Speaker position by St. Louis, Missouri Democrat Tony Ribaudo, who would be assigned to a windowless office after losing to Griffin.
Corruption charges.
In January 1992 after endorsing a 6 percent gasoline tax to improve the state highway system, Griffin was accused of meeting with members of the Heavy Constructors Association of Kansas City and the Associated General Contractors of Missouri at a Jefferson City, Missouri hotel where he told them they should hire Cathryn Simmons to lobby for the tax. The contactors paid Simmons $200,000, who reportedly paid Griffin $5,000. After the proposed tax passed the House, Simmons was said to have paid Griffin another $5,000.
In August 1992 Simmons was working for Health Midwest when she asked Griffin to remove Bill Skaggs from a committee overseeing the proposed construction of a hospital in eastern Jackson County, Missouri which Health Midwest opposed. After Skaggs was removed and the hospital cancelled, Simmons was said to have paid Griffin $10,000.
In 1993 Griffin was arrested on a DWI charge. 
After the Great Flood of 1993 Griffin pushed legislation to repair Missouri's roads. Griffin again pushed the construction companies to hire Simmons, this time for $90,000. Simmons then hired Griffin's son for $5,000.
In March 1994 Griffin was alleged to receive a $21,000 check from Simmons. Griffin defended the payment by saying he was doing private law work for Simmons.
In 1994 Griffin worked with Simmons to get Sahara Casino built in Parkville, Missouri which would require a referendum to be passed to allow slot machines. It was alleged Griffin was pushing for Simmons to receive a 20 percent stake in the casino with a secret 1 percent stake for Griffin. The casino was never built and The Kansas City Star published articles on Griffin's actions prompting state and federal prosecutors to review Griffin's activities.
Griffin completed his last term at the end of 1995 and retired. He was indicted on October 31, 1996 on six bribery violations, two mail fraud violations, and one violation of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. In the first trial he was found innocent on three charges and the jury could not reach a verdict on six other charges including the RICO charge.
In the second trial, Simmons testified against him. Griffin pled guilty on the second day of the second trial, to two counts of bribery and mail fraud in conjunction with the original highway scheme. He was sentenced to 48 months in prison, a $7,500 fine, and a $100 special penalty assessment.
In January 2001 Clinton commuted his sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="20825692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825692" title="Energy flux">
Energy flux

Energy flux is the rate of transfer of energy through a surface. The quantity is defined in two different ways, depending on the context:

</doc>
<doc id="20825701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825701" title="Minuscule 41">
Minuscule 41

Minuscule 41 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospels Matthew and Mark, on 224 parchment leaves (), with some lacunae. About 30 leaves lost. 
The large initial letters in red.
The text is written stichometrically in one column per page, 31 lines per page. The biblical text of Matthew and Mark is surrounded by a catena (in Mark commentary of Victorinus).
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top.
It contains table of the κεφαλαια ("table of contents") (only in Mark), lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), and subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, with numbers of στιχοι.
Text.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
History.
The manuscript was examined and described by Montfaucon, Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Coislin Gr. 24) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20825705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825705" title="New Zealand parrot">
New Zealand parrot

The New Zealand parrot superfamily (Strigopoidea) consists of three genera of parrots, "Nestor", "Strigops" and the fossil "Nelepsittacus". The genus "Nestor" consists of the Kea, Kākā, Norfolk Island Kākā and Chatham Island Kākā, while the genus "Strigops" contains the iconic Kākāpō. All extant species are endemic to New Zealand. The species of the genus "Nelepsittacus" were endemics of the main islands, while the two extinct species of the genus "Nestor" were found at the nearby oceanic islands like Chatham Island of New Zealand, and Norfolk Island and Phillip Island of Australia. The modern common species names, Kea, Kākā and Kākāpō, are the same as the original Māori names.
The Norfolk Kaka and the Chatham Kaka have become extinct in recent times, while the extinct species of the genus "Nelepsittacus" have been extinct for 16 million years. All extant species, the Kākāpō, Kea, and the two subspecies of the Kākā, are threatened. Human activity caused the two extinctions and the decline of the other three species. Settlers introduced invasive species, such as pigs and possums, which eat the eggs of ground nesting birds, and additional declines have been caused by hunting for food, killing as agricultural pests, habitat loss, and introduced wasps.
The family diverged from the other parrots around 82 million years ago when New Zealand broke off from Gondwana, while the ancestors of the genera "Nestor" and "Strigops" diverged from each other between 60 and 80 million years ago.
Systematics.
No consensus existed regarding the taxonomy of Psittaciformes until recently. Consequently, the placement of the Strigopoidea species has been variable in the past. This superfamily is one of three superfamilies in the order Psittaciformes; the other two families are Cacatuoidea (Cockatoos) and Psittacoidea (true parrots). The family is subdivided in two families, Nestoridae with two genera ("Nestor" and "Nelepsittacus") and Strigopidae with a single genus, ("Strigops"). Traditionally, the species of the superfamily Strigopoidea were placed in the superfamily Psittacoidea, but several studies confirmed the unique placement of this group at the base of the parrot tree. Most authors now recognize this group as its own taxon. with two separate families: Nestoridae and Strigopidae.
Phylogeography.
Until modern times New Zealand and the surrounding Islands were not inhabited by four-legged mammals, an environment that enabled some birds to adapt to make nests on the ground and others to become flightless. 
The parakeet species belonging to the genus "Cyanoramphus" (kākārikis) belong to the true parrot family Psittacidae and are closely related to the endemic genus "Eunymphicus" from New Caledonia. They reached New Zealand between 450,000 and 625,000 years ago from mainland Australia by way of New Caledonia.
Species.
Nestoridae.
There are two surviving species and at least one well documented extinct species of the Nestoridae family. Very little is known about the Chatham Kākā. The genus "Nelepsittacus" consists of three described and one undescribed species recovered from early Miocene deposits in Otago.
Strigopidae.
The Kākāpō is the only member of the Strigopidae family.
Common names.
All common names for species in this family are the same as the traditional Māori names. The word "Kākā" derives from the ancient Proto-Polynesian word meaning "parrot". "Kākāpō" is a logical extension of that name as "pō" means night, resulting in "Kākā of the night" or Night parrot, reflecting the species' nocturnal behaviour. The etymology of "Kea" in Māori is less clear, and might be onomatopoeic of its call "kee-aah". 
In the anglicized versions of the names, the long versions of the vowels with diacritic marks, "ā" and "ō", are replaced by "a" or "o". In the Māori language, this changes the meaning of "Kākā" from "parrot" to "dress" or "clothing".
Ecology.
The isolated location of New Zealand has made it difficult for mammals to reach the island. This is reflected in the absence of land mammals other than bats. The main predators were birds: eagles (Eyles' Harrier, "Kāhu" and Haast's Eagle ), falcons ("Kārearea") and owls ("Whēkau" and "Ruru"). Many of the adaptations found in the avifauna reflect the unique context in which they evolved. This unique balance was disrupted with the arrival of the Polynesians, who introduced the Polynesian rat and the Kurī (Polynesian dog) to the island. Later, Europeans introduced many more species, including large herbivores and mammalian predators. 
The three extant species of this family occupy rather different ecological niches, a result of the phylogeographical dynamics of this family. The Kākāpō is a flightless, nocturnal species, well camouflaged to avoid the large diurnal birds of prey on the island, while the local owls are too small to prey on the Kākāpō at night. The Kākāpō is the only flightless bird in the world to use a lek-breeding system. Usually, they breed only every 3–5 years when certain podocarp trees like rimu ("Dacrydium cupressinum") mast abundantly.
The Kea is well adapted to life at high altitudes, and they are regularly observed in the snow at ski resorts. As trees are absent in the alpine zone, they breed in hollows in the ground instead of in tree hollows like most parrot species.
Relationship with humans.
Importance to the Māori.
The parrots were important to the "Māori" in various ways. They hunted them for food, kept them as pets and used their feathers in weaving such items as their "Kahu huruhuru" (feather cloak). Feathers were also used to decorate the head of the "taiaha", a Māori weapon, but were removed prior to battle. The skins of the Kākāpō with the feathers attached were used to make cloaks ("kākahu") and dress capes ("kahu kākāpō"), especially for the wives and daughters of chiefs. Māori like to refer to the "Kākā" in the "tauparapara", the incantation to begin their "mihi" (tribute), because their voice ("reo") is continuous.
Status.
Of the five species, the Norfolk Kākā and Chatham Kākā became extinct in recent history. The last known Norfolk Kākā died in captivity in London sometime after 1851, and only between seven and 20 skins survive. The Chatham Kākā went extinct between 1550 and 1700 in pre-European times, after Polynesians arrived at the island, and is only known from subfossil bones. Of the surviving species, the Kākāpō is critically endangered, with only living individuals. The mainland New Zealand Kaka is listed as endangered, and the Kea is listed as vulnerable.
Threats.
The fauna of "Aotearoa" ("Māori" for New Zealand) evolved for a long time in the absence of humans and other mammals. Only a few bat species and sea mammals were present prior to colonisation by humans, and the only predators were birds of prey that hunt by sight. These circumstances influenced the evolution of New Zealand's parrots, for example, the adaptations to flightlessness of the Kākāpō and the ground breeding of the Kea. Polynesians arrived at Aotearoa between 800 and 1300 CE, and introduced the "kurī" (dog) to the islands. This was disastrous for the native fauna, because mammalian predators can locate prey by scent, and the native fauna had not evolved a defence against them. 
The Kākāpō was hunted for its meat, skin and plumage. When the first European settlers arrived, the Kākāpō was already declining but still widespread. The large scale clearance of forests and bush destroyed its habitat while introduced predators like rats, cats, and stoats found the flightless ground-nesting birds easy prey.
The New Zealand Kākā is a species that needs large tracts of forest to thrive, and the continued fragmentation of forests due to agriculture and logging has a devastating effect on this species. Another threat comes from competition with introduced species for food, for example with possums for the endemic mistletoe and rātā and with wasps for shimmering honeydew, an excretion of scale insects. Females, young and eggs are particularly vulnerable in the tree hollows they nest in.
The Kea nests in holes in the ground, again making it vulnerable to introduced predators. Another major threat, resulting from development of the alpine zone, is their opportunistic reliance on human food sources as their natural food sources dwindle.
Conservation.
Recovery programs for the Kākāpō and the Kākā have been established, while the Kea is also closely monitored. The more than 100 living Kākāpō are all in a breeding and conservation program. Each one has been individually named.

</doc>
<doc id="20825725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825725" title="Paul Fitzke">
Paul Fitzke

Paul Frederick Herman "Bob" Fitzke (July 30, 1900 – June 30, 1950) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Cleveland Indians for one season. He played on one game during the 1924 Cleveland Indians season, pitching four innings on September 1, 1924.
Fitzke was also player in the National Football League for the Frankford Yellow Jackets in 1925. He played at the collegiate level at the University of Idaho and the University of Wyoming.
Fitzke was born in La Crosse, Wisconsin, died in Sacramento, California and is buried in Boise, Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="20825741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825741" title="Buraq (disambiguation)">
Buraq (disambiguation)

Buraq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20825744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825744" title="Wenzel Hablik">
Wenzel Hablik

Wenzel August Hablik (4 August 1881 – 23 March 1934), also known as Wenceslav Hablik and Wilhelm August Hablik, was a painter and graphic artist, architect, designer, and craftsman of the early twentieth century, associated with German Expressionism.
Hablik was born in Brüx, Bohemia (now the city of Most in the Czech Republic). In later life he recalled that at the age of six, he found a specimen of crystal, and saw in it "magical castles and mountains" that would later appear in his art.
More pragmatically, he trained as a master cabinetmaker, in Teplitz, Vienna, and Prague. He settled in Itzehoe in 1907, where he pursued architectural and interior design projects. Hablik produced designs for furniture, textiles, tapestries, jewelry, cutlery, and wallpapers. He married the weaver and fabric designer Lisbeth Lindemann (1879–1960) in 1917; they shared a workshop and studio in Itzehoe.
Hablik became best known, however, for his etchings and paintings and his links with major German Expressionist figures and movements, including the Arbeitsrat für Kunst and the Glass Chain. In 1909 Hablik published his "Creative Forces" ("Schaffende Kräfte"), "a portfolio of twenty etchings portraying a voyage through an imaginary universe of crystalline structures" that "represents the most significant accomplishment of his career." Hablik also published other portfolios of his etchings, "The Sea" ("Das Meer", 1918) and "Architectural Cycle — Utopia" ("Cyklus Architektur — Utopie," 1925). Some of Hablik's designs, particularly of lamps and small sculptures, relate to and express the "utopian crystalline" forms of his etchings.
Hablik maintained a strong lifelong interest in crystals and geological forms generally. His visual art is notable for its highly imaginative and fanciful aspects; he created depictions of temples, flying cities, and crystal chasms.
A catalogue in the artist's autograph lists some 600 artworks; about 250 oil paintings by Hablik are known at present. He produced portraits, landscapes, nude figures, and pictures showing Symbolist influences. A tour of South America in 1925–26 inspired him to create paintings of cactuses and flowers. 
Hablik died at Itzehoe in 1934. A Wenzel Hablik Museum was established in the city in 1995. The museum contains much of his art, as well as his collections of crystals and minerals, seashells and snails. The Wenzel Hablik Society was founded by two American artists in 2013.
Selected quotes.
Selected quotes from Hablik's Glass Chain letters:

</doc>
<doc id="20825765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825765" title="Scott Gooch">
Scott Gooch

Scott Gooch (born 4 July 1975) is an Australian sports administrator and former Australian rules football player. Gooch is currently General Manager for Commercial Partners at the Fremantle Football Club.
Playing career.
Gooch played for West Australian Football League club Subiaco before being selected by the Fremantle Football Club as a Foundation Selection in 1994. Gooch was delisted and redrafted in the 1997 AFL Rookie draft before finally being delisted after the 1997 AFL season without playing an AFL match. Gooch played 42 WAFL matches for Subiaco.
Sports administration.
West Coast Eagles.
In 2000 Gooch joined AFL club West Coast Eagles, eventually becoming Relationship Marketing Manager.
Perth Glory.
In March 2007 Gooch was appointed CEO of A-League team Perth Glory shortly after a change of ownership at the club. The new owners, Tony Sage, Brett McKeon and John Spence, unveiled Gooch as CEO at the same time as announcing a new major sponsorship deal. This led to a flurry of media interest in a club which had fallen into hard times.
Fremantle.
Gooch rejoined Fremantle in April 2009 as General Manager - Commercial Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="20825780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825780" title="Alan Baer">
Alan Baer

Alan Baer is an American tubist who is Principal Tuba for the New York Philharmonic. He has also been principal tuba with several other orchestras including the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra, and Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra. In addition, he has performed and recorded with the Cleveland Orchestra led by Vladimir Ashkenazy, performances with the Peninsula Music Festival of Wisconsin, New Orleans Symphony, Los Angeles Concert Orchestra, Ojai Festival Orchestra (California), Los Angeles Philharmonic, and Chicago Symphony Orchestra. He has performed as a featured soloist, touring several countries in Europe, including Switzerland, Austria, Germany, and France.
Baer studied with Dr. Gary Bird at Indiana University of Pennsylvania. He completed his bachelor of music degree with Ronald Bishop at the Cleveland Institute of Music, and has done graduate work at the University of Southern California, Cleveland Institute of Music, and California State University, Long Beach, where he studied with Tommy Johnson. While in Long Beach, Baer taught at California State University, where he also directed the university tuba ensemble and the brass choir. In Milwaukee, Baer was adjunct professor of tuba and euphonium at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee and director of the Tuba-Euphonium Ensemble. Baer serves on the faculty of the Bard College Conservatory of Music in upstate New York, the Juilliard School and Manhattan School of Music in New York City, as well as the Mason Gross School of the Arts at Rutgers University in New Jersey.
In addition to performing and teaching, Mr. Baer is a design consultant with the Meinl-Weston instrument manufacturer.

</doc>
<doc id="20825791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825791" title="Scioglyptis lyciaria">
Scioglyptis lyciaria

Scioglyptis lyciaria is a species of Geometridae that occurs in Australia.
Description.
At its last instar the larvae will be around 50mm. Like most other members of Geometridae the larvae has a twig like appearance being mostly brown with small knob like horns, these horns are small and red. The head is slightly higher than the rest of the body to form two forward pointing knobs.
The adult's wingspan is 40mm. The termen of the forewings and hindwings have a wavy edge with a blac bordering subterminal line. The moth varies from light brown to dar brown and the under side is lighter with a dark brown terminal border and a dark brown spot in the outer edge of each wing.
Life cycle.
Eggs are laid in the crevices of the host plant in April. The egg coloration differs between the females, when first laid they are closer to cream but as they age they go through yellows, greens and later browns. They are oval and have microscopic crenulated ribs. The larvae then feed for two to three months before pupating in a soil cell. After two months of staying in this soil chamber the adult will emerge. 

</doc>
<doc id="20825797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825797" title="Truksa">
Truksa

Truksa is a surname originating from Czechoslovakia. The meaning of the name is unknown. The surname "Truxa" is a recent derivative, being a misspelling by German officials during the Second World War
Distribution.
Persons with the Truksa or Truxa name are currently known to inhabit several parts of the United States
(including Texas, Nebraska, Idaho, and Connecticut), as well as the countries of the Czech Republic, Germany, the United Kingdom, Slovakia, Brazil, and parts of Canada (including Quebec, Ontario, and Alberta).
It is believed, yet not verified, that other persons with the Truksa surname may have immigrated to Australia in the early 20th century, contributing to the possibility of a current population of families with the Truksa surname in that country.
Notable People.
Notable people with the surname "Truksa" or "Truxa" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20825819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825819" title="Burak (name)">
Burak (name)

Burak is a Turkish name and originates in the Middle-Persian "būrak", and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20825820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825820" title="Popovo (župa)">
Popovo (župa)

Popovo was a zhupa of the medieval principality of Zachlumia later (Hum) (Bosnia and Herzegovina). It was situated in Popovo Valley and bordered Republic of Ragusa.

</doc>
<doc id="20825843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825843" title="Ramón Frade">
Ramón Frade

Ramón Frade (March 12, 1875–November 7, 1954) was a Puerto Rican visual artist and architect. His realist style of painting captured the life of the typical Puerto Rican in the twentieth century.
Early years.
Frade (birth name: Ramón Frade León ) was born in the town of Cayey, Puerto Rico on May 12, 1875. His father died when he was just a child and his mother gave him up for adoption. He was adopted by Nemesio Laforja and his wife who were Spanish nationals. The Laforja family moved back to Spain and in 1885, immigrated and settled down in Santo Domingo the capital of the Dominican Republic. During his youth he traveled to Europe and studied art in Italy. He was also a pupil of the Dominican artist Luis Desangles (1861 -1940s) The subjects of his first paintings were the Roman ruins in Italy. From (1896 to 1902), Frade traveled to the Dominican Republic and Cuba where he painted scenes of the main colonial cities.
Visual artist.
Frade painted portrayals of the life of the Puerto Rican campesinos (country people). What is considered as his masterwork, "El Pan Nuestro de Cada Dia" (our Daily Bread) (1905), represents a "jibaro" farmer carrying plantains. In his painting he shows what is an old barefooted man who is poor but proud, serious, dignified, clean. This "jibaro" is supposed to represent Puerto Rico at the beginning of the century. Other works by Frade include: "La Planchadora" (The ironing lady) (1948), "El Niño Campesino" (the country child), Ensenada, "La Poza", "Reverie", and "La Inmaculada" (The Immaculate) and many others.
Architect.
In 1907, Frade returned to his hometown Cayey and unable to make a living from his paintings decided to make use of his land-surveyors degree which he had earned from the University of Sevilla a through a mail correspondence course.
During the early part of the 20th century there was a great demand for additional housing, infrastructures and tobacco warehouses in the towns of Caguas, Comerio and Cayey. Inspired by the possibilities which the construction sector represented, Frade in 1909, decided to take a correspondence course in architecture in the American School of Correspondence in Chicago, Illinois. He earned his diploma on July 26, 1913, however he began to let it be known that he was an architect as early as 1912.
Among Frade's works as an architect were the new design of Cayey's municipal cemetery, a plaza dedicated to Eugenio María de Hostos, the buildings of two tobacco companies and various buildings in the commercial section of the town.
Legacy.
On November 7, 1954, Ramón Frade died in his hometown at the age of 79 years. His widow donated his art works to the Cayey campus of the University of Puerto Rico. Cayey has honored his memory by naming a school and a public plaza after him. The Río Piedras campus of the University of Puerto Rico has a gallery with an exhibit of Frade's art works.

</doc>
<doc id="20825848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825848" title="Indestructible Tour">
Indestructible Tour

Indestructible Tour was a 2008/2009 concert tour by American heavy metal band Disturbed in support of the group's fourth studio album, "Indestructible", which was released in June 2008.
The tour saw extensive legs throughout the United States, as well as tours in Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan. A DVD release entitled "Indestructible in Germany", which features a portion of the band's performance at the 2008 edition of the Rock am Ring Festival, was released in December 2008 exclusively through electronics retailer Best Buy.
In March 2009, the band began a fourth iteration of their self-created package tour, Music as a Weapon, for U.S. markets. The trek featured acts such as Killswitch Engage, Chimaira, and Lacuna Coil, among others. The final leg took place in Europe in June 2009, beginning in Interlaken, Switzerland and wrapping up in early July in Turku, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20825885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825885" title="Janthina">
Janthina

Janthina is a genus of small to medium-sized pelagic or planktonic sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Janthinidae, commonly known as the "purple snails" or the "violet shells". 
Distribution.
Species in this genus occur worldwide in tropical, subtropical and warm seas.
Description.
These snails are pelagic and live at the surface of the ocean. Adult snails may not be capable of swimming, and die when they are detached from their rafts; "Janthina janthina" larvae, however, actively swim in the water column.
The adult snails prey upon (and live near to) one of several species of pelagic animals loosely known as jellyfish. More specifically they eat the medusae of free-swimming Cnidaria, in particular the genus known as "by-the-wind sailors", "Velella".
The snails are able to float securely because they create a raft of clear chitin around air bubbles formed near the ocean surface. They anchor to this raft using their foot. The snails do not have an operculum.
These snails are frequently washed ashore during storms.
The common names for this genus derive from the light purple or violet color of the shells and the violet-colored bodies. The other genus in the family, "Recluzia", has olive-tan colored shells.
Species.
This genus has accumulated a very large number of species names over the centuries. Most of the names that have been given are in fact synonyms of just a few species which have world-wide distributions in tropical waters. Experts disagree about some details of the synonymy.
Species within the genus "Janthina" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20825887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825887" title="John F. Young">
John F. Young

John Freeman Young (30 October 1820 – 15 November 1885), translator of the Christmas hymn Silent Night, became the second bishop of Florida in 1867. He had earlier served as an ecumenical envoy to the Russian Orthodox Church.
References.
Crushman, Joseph. A Goodly Hertiage", Florida: University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20825899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825899" title="Miet Smet">
Miet Smet

Miet Smet (born 5 April 1943, in Sint-Niklaas) is a Belgian politician for the Christian Democratic and Flemish party (CD&V).
Miet Smet was the founder (1973) and first president (until 1982) of the Christian People's Party political women's organisation, Vrouw en Maatschappij (Woman and Society).
She was elected to the Belgian Chamber of People's Representatives in 1978. In 1985 she became State Secretary of Environmental Affairs, and negotiated an Equal Opportunities portfolio. While Smet's competencies cover all aspects of social emancipation, she focused on violence against women, women's economic position and their participation in decision-making. When Miet Smet became Minister of Labour and Employment in 1991, she kept the Equal Opportunities portfolio.
When she was offered first place in the CD&V list for the European elections in 1999 instead of Wilfried Martens, Martens, at the instigation of then-wife Ilse Schouteden, refused to run at all.
Miet Smet was a Member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
She became a Minister of State in 2002, and has been a member of the Flemish Parliament since 2004, and a Belgian senator since 2007.
On 27 September 2008, she married fellow CD&V politician and former Belgian Prime Minister Wilfried Martens. After the death of Martens' first wife, Lieve Verschroeven, the marriage was confirmed in the Catholic Church on 27 April 2013.
In 2009, Smet was elected president of the Association of European Parliamentarians with Africa (AWEPA)., taking over from former president Dr. Jan Nico Scholten.

</doc>
<doc id="20825901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825901" title="Linshui County">
Linshui County

Linshui County (simplified Chinese: ) is a county in China, administratively governed by the prefecture-level city Guang'an, birthplace of Deng Xiaoping, in eastern Sichuan province.
The county, which is not large, is accessible via a four-hour shuttle coach riding on the Chengnan expressway from Chengdu (Shiling public bus station) and a two-hour driving from the municipality city Chongqing on the south. The county is rich in natural resources, and has reservoirs of coal and sweet natural gas. 
Strategically, Linshui County is on the only path out of Sichuan province in the east, as the connecting point between Dazhou – a municipal city in the north – and Chongqing, the municipality city in the south. The local economy is largely dependent on livestock and agricultural farming.

</doc>
<doc id="20825902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825902" title="Ray Flanigan">
Ray Flanigan

Raymond Arthur Flanigan (January 8, 1923 – March 28, 1993) was an American professional baseball player, a right-handed pitcher who appeared in three games in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Indians at the tail end of the 1946 season. The native of Morgantown, West Virginia, stood tall and weighed .
Flanigan's minor league career began in 1941, but he missed the 1943–1945 seasons while serving in the European Theater of Operations with the United States Army during World War II. His Major League trial came after he won 13 of 27 decisions for the 1946 Baltimore Orioles of the Triple-A International League. His three MLB appearances all came against the Detroit Tigers — two as a relief pitcher and one as a starter. His second MLB game was his most successful, as he surrendered only one hit and one unearned run in 3 innings in relief of Steve Gromek as the Indians fell, 4–3, on September 22 at Cleveland Stadium.
Altogether, Flanagan gave up 11 hits and 11 earned runs in nine total innings pitched in the Majors, with two strikeouts and eight bases on balls. He retired from pitching in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20825903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825903" title="List of operas by Rossini">
List of operas by Rossini

This is a list of the operas of the Italian composer Gioachino Rossini (1792–1868). See List of compositions by Gioachino Rossini for his other works.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20825914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825914" title="Bob Griffin (American football coach)">
Bob Griffin (American football coach)

Bob Griffin was the head coach of the Idaho State and Rhode Island Rams football teams. Griffin spent 17 seasons as the head coach of the Rams and is the winningest coach in URI history. He compiled a 100–127–1 overall record. Griffin was born and raised in Milford, CT and graduated from Southern Connecticut State College in 1963, where he played as a quarterback and still holds the record for longest completed pass (87 yards). He has fifty years of coaching experience at the high school, college and professional level. Griffin has three children and seven grandchildren, and currently resides in Narragansett, RI with his wife, Rosanne.

</doc>
<doc id="20825916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825916" title="Calochortus uniflorus">
Calochortus uniflorus

Calochortus uniflorus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Monterey mariposa lily and large-flowered star-tulip. It is native to California and Oregon, where it grows in moist areas, such as meadows, in coastal hills and lower-elevation mountains. It is a perennial herb producing a short, unbranching stem generally less than 5 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is up to 40 centimeters long and does not wither by flowering; there may be one or more shorter leaves farther up the stem. The inflorescence is a loose cluster of 1 to 5 erect, bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three petals up to about 3 centimeters long and three shorter sepals beneath. The petals are white to pink in color and may have purple spotting near the bases. The fruit is a capsule up to 2.5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20825945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825945" title="John Raphael">
John Raphael

John Raphael may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20825974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825974" title="Les Fleming">
Les Fleming

Leslie Harvey Fleming (August 7, 1915 – March 5, 1980) was an American Major League Baseball first baseman who played for seven seasons. He played for the Detroit Tigers in 1939, the Cleveland Indians from 1941 to 1942 and from 1945 to 1947, and the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1949.
As a member of the Indians during the 1947 season, Fleming became a teammate of Larry Doby when Doby broke the color barrier in the American League on July 5, 1947. On that same day the Indians were in Chicago preparing for a match-up against the Chicago White Sox at Comiskey Park. Fleming was one of the Indians who turned his back to Doby when player-manager Lou Boudreau introduced Doby to his new Indians teammates in the clubhouse before the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20825997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20825997" title="Portuguese Revolution">
Portuguese Revolution

The Portuguese Revolution may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20826000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826000" title="Morethia boulengeri">
Morethia boulengeri

The Boulenger's Skink ("Morethia boulengeri") is a species of Scincidae that occurs in Australia. It is also known as the Southeastern Morethia Skink.
This species of skink is oviparous and mates in spring.

</doc>
<doc id="20826029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826029" title="Calochortus venustus">
Calochortus venustus

Calochortus venustus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name butterfly mariposa lily. It is endemic to California, particularly to Central and Southern California and the Sierra Nevadas, where it thrives in the light, sandy soils of a number of habitats, both grasslands and open wooded areas, over a wide range of altitudes. 
Description.
"Calochortus venustus" is a perennial herb producing a branching stem 10 to 60 centimeters tall. There is a basal leaf up to 20 centimeters long which withers by the time the plant blooms. The inflorescence is a loose cluster of 1 to 6 erect, bell-shaped flowers. The flowers are variable in size and palette; they are often showy and intricately patterned. They generally have three curving sepals 2 or 3 centimeters long and three oval-shaped, clawed petals up to 5 centimeters long. The petals may be a variety of colors from white to pale pink or purple to bright red or orange, sporting a large dark central blotch and a smaller, paler blotch above. The fruit is an angled capsule 5 or 6 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20826035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826035" title="2002–03 Australian bushfire season">
2002–03 Australian bushfire season

The 2002–03 Australian bushfire season was a particularly extensive bushfire season in Australia. It ran predominantly from December 2002 to March 2003 and involved over 3,000 separate fires in Victoria alone. The 2003 Canberra bushfires were also particularly severe. 
The developing drought in Australia and well below-average rainfall through winter and spring of 2002 established conditions conducive to above-average bushfire potential. During the 2002–03 season, there were 5,999 bushfires attended by the relevant agency Australia wide and 7 fatalities.
Perhaps the most well known fire of the season was the Eastern Victorian alpine bushfires that burnt in north-eastern Victoria, the Victorian Alps and Gippsland. This fire was ignited in several locations by multiple lightning strikes and burnt 1.12 million hectares of land over the course of 2 months. Over 15,000 personnel were directly engaged with this fire complex.
Overview.
While hundreds or thousands of individual fires burn in any given bushfire season, areas of large fires that join and split are referred to as 'fire complexes'. The major fire complexes included:
Timeline.
September–November 2002.
The first fires of the 2002–03 season were reported in September 2002 in Victoria. Ongoing drought and lack of spring rain led to the Bureau of Meteorology predicting conditions comparable to that of the 1983 Ash Wednesday fires and Fire Authorities were subsequently placed on high alert.
December 2002.
From 17–25 December, multiple lightning strikes in the Big Desert Wilderness Park ignited vegetation creating a fire complex within the park south of Murrayville. The Big Desert Fire was, at the time, the biggest fire in Victoria in 20 years, affecting 181,400 hectares of predominantly public land and requiring significant resources to contain.
January–March 2003.
On 6 January lightning ignited a fire near Yambulla, north west of Genoa in East Gippsland. The fire was seen as posing a major threat and required significant firefighting resources. At the time the main fires started on 8 January, a total of 180 DSE firefighters were allocated to the Yambulla fire, supported by bulldozers and firebombing aircraft. The fire was contained within a few days. The level of resourcing did, however, impact on the local resources available to fight the multiple outbreaks that followed.
On 7 January, multiple lightning strikes in north-east Victoria and Gippsland started hundreds of fires in Victoria that would remain uncontained until 7 March, a full 2 months later. In early February, at the peak of the fires, around 3,760 people were involved in the fire effort, excluding local CFA brigades. This figure includes 160 Defence Force staff, over 300 interstate firefighters, 33 alpine firefighting specialists from New Zealand and 35 personnel from the United States. In total, 15,725 personnel were directly engaged on the Eastern Victorian alpine bushfires.
Aftermath.
In October 2003, the DSE published a report on the 2002–03 fires, which was considered a formidable task as it had to document over 3,000 separate fires and all the effects and personnel involved. The report concluded that the responses and containment of the fires was commendable. No lives were lost, and stock losses and property damage was kept to a minimum considering the area of land affected by the fires.

</doc>
<doc id="20826046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826046" title="Buck Frierson">
Buck Frierson

Robert Lawrence "Buck" Frierson (July 29, 1917 – June 26, 1996) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Indians. He is most famous for his minor league performance in 1947, when he hit 58 home runs with 197 runs batted in. Frierson stood at 6' 3" and weighed 195 lbs.
Career.
Frierson was born in Chicota, Texas. He started his professional baseball career in 1937, with the Texarkana Liners of the East Texas League. In 1938, he had his breakout season, batting .342 with 15 home runs. However, his hitting declined the following season. He rebounded by hitting .335 in the Illinois–Indiana–Iowa League in 1940. Frierson then moved up to the Class A Eastern League in 1941. After batting .310 for the Wilkes-Barre Barons, he was called up to the Cleveland Indians late in the season. In his five major league games, he batted .273 with 2 runs batted in. That would be the only chance he would ever get in the majors.
Frierson spent 1942 back in Wilkes-Barre before leaving professional baseball for the next three seasons due to World War II. He returned in 1946 with the Sherman Twins. Despite playing in only 84 games, he made an immediate impact, batting .391 with 25 home runs. Frierson had his best year in 1947. That season, he slugged a career-high 58 homers and drove in 197 runs for Sherman-Denison, leading the Big State League in both categories. He batted .379 and also led the league in games played, hits, and total bases. The 197 RBI is the fifth highest total in minor league baseball history.
Frierson was batting .367 in 1948 when he moved up to the Dallas Eagles of the Class AA Texas League. He spent 1948 to 1951 in the Texas League. In 1952, Frierson returned to the Big State League with the Paris Indians. He had another good season, batting .376 with 24 home runs. He topped the circuit in batting average, slugging percentage, hits, and doubles.
Frierson retired from professional baseball in 1953. He died in 1996, at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="20826053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826053" title="Ronald Dauphin">
Ronald Dauphin

Ronald Dauphin is a Haitian grassroots activist, customs worker and political prisoner who has been imprisoned without trial since March 2004. A member of "Fanmi Lavalas", he was arrested by armed rebels on March 1, 2004 - the day after the controversial Haitian President, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, fled into exile which was triggered by both a popular and an armed uprising. Mr. Dauphin has spent the ensuing years in a Haitian prison without having been convicted of any crime. Prior to his arrest, Ronald Dauphin A.K.A "Black" or Black Ronald, had been working several security and disposal jobs for the Lavalas party. He had also been the main securuty chief for the Mayor of Saint-Marc in the time prior to his government contract work. While incarcerated, his father was burned alive in his house by people seeking revenge on Ronald. He was also diagnosed with tuberculosis, due to the poor and overcrowded prison system in Haiti.
Legal background.
Ronald Dauphin is the last detainee held for the so-called "La Scierie massacre", that "Lavalas" opponents claimed happened in the city of St. Marc, Haiti in February, 2004. Other La Scierie defendants were former Haitian Prime Minister Yvon Neptune and former Minister of the Interior Jocelerme Privert. No one has been convicted, or even tried in connection with the La Scierie incident. Most defendants have had their charges dismissed. Louis Joinet, the United Nations Commission on Human Right's Independent Expert on Haiti, concluded after investigation that there was no "massacre" at La Scierie, but instead a clash between two armed groups.
International support for justice for Ronald Dauphin.
On August 7, 2009 Amnesty International issued an Appeals Case for Dauphin. On June 10, 2009, U.S. Representative Maxine Waters wrote two letters, one to Haitian Prime Minister Michele Pierre-Louis,the other to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, urging both to act to ensure justice for Ronald Dauphin. On December 2, 2008, 51 U.S.-based human rights organizations wrote to President René Préval asking for justice for Ronald Dauphin.
Human rights organizations urge release of Haiti's political prisoners.
In August 2006, Amnesty International called on Haiti's government to promptly bring to trial or release all political prisoners, condemning the prolonged detention of "Lavalas" activists as politically motivated. In October 2006, the National Lawyers Guild urged the Haitian government to release the remaining political prisoners, with particular emphasis on the defendants held in the La Scierie case. On December 14, 2008, the International Association of Democratic Lawyers(IADL) unanimously passed a Resolution calling for an end to Mr. Dauphin's persecution.
In May 2008, the Inter-American Court of Human Rights (IACHR) ruled that the State of Haiti had violated the human rights of former Prime Minister Yvon Neptune, another defendant in the La Scierie case, by holding him without trial for over two years with no proof he committed a crime. While Mr. Neptune was provisionally released, as was another defendant, Amanus Maette - Ronald Dauphin remains in prison.
Prison situation in Haiti.
The IACHR declared conditions in Haiti's overcrowded prisons inhumane. Numerous human rights reports document that prisoners are dying inside the sweltering, overcrowded 3800-person National Penitentiary in the country's capital, Port-au-Prince. They suffer dehydration and disease from filthy water, and Beri beri from starvation rations. Cell "blocks" built to hold five or six people are packed with up to 70 and 80 bodies at a time; prisoners take shifts sleeping and standing.
Without adequate food, clean water, sanitation and medical attention, Dauphin's detention amounts to a death sentence, particularly because he is in ill health. His wife brings him food and medicine when she is able. But the cost of food is high, and the price of gas makes even getting to the prison a challenge. So Dauphin doesn't get to see his wife very often.Minimally, Dauphin says he should be offered medical release to have his undiagnosed symptoms treated by specialists. There is a prison dispensary "but conditions in the dispensary are not good. Every month since I've been here, someone has died in the dispensary," he says.
His co-defendant, Wantales Lormejuste, died in 2007 from untreated tuberculosis contracted inside prison.
As bad as he feels for himself, Dauphin says his wife's situation is worse. "I can't tell you how much she feels alone", he said. "God is with her. It's like she is in jail. One day this will end. I will keep praying. There is hope that one day I will be free."

</doc>
<doc id="20826054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826054" title="St. Nicholas' Priory, Ribe">
St. Nicholas' Priory, Ribe

St. Nicholas' Priory (Danish: "Sankt Nikolai Kloster") was a Benedictine nunnery founded in 1170 in Ribe, Denmark.
History.
The foundation of St. Nicholas' Priory in Ribe was the result of events at Seem Abbey, a Benedictine double monastery established by the Bishops of Ribe in the first third of the 12th century. After allegations of unruliness and impropriety during the 1160s the nuns were moved out in 1170 to a new priory built for them by Bishop Ralph, closer to Ribe and episcopal supervision. 
The new priory at Ribe, dedicated to Saint Nicholas, consisted of a quadrilateral enclosure, of which the church formed one side and ranges of conventual buildings the other three. The prioress ran the community, while a local nobleman held the office of provost (or honorary prior) and represented the nuns in secular matters. Mass was said by a local priest. The church was open to the people of Ribe, but the nuns were separated from them by iron gates around the choir.
By the reign of Christian II (1513–23) the reputation of the nuns of Ribe for immorality was notorious, to the extent that they were used as a stock example of debauchery by early Danish Lutheran preachers: Thomas Lillelund, for example, accused them of institutionalized whoring (Danish: "horeri"). When Christian's successor, Frederik II, refused to protect them, the nuns were driven from the priory by the citizens of Ribe.
Denmark became officially Lutheran in 1536 and all religious houses and their income properties reverted to the crown. The former priory was reopened as a secular institution where a few of the nuns were allowed to live until 1560, when the citizens of Ribe complained about the cost of maintaining all ten churches and four monasteries and the leper hospital. With the agreement of the crown, the church of Ribe Abbey, now St. Catherine's Church, was made the parish church of Ribe, and the medieval Ribe Cathedral was confirmed as the seat of the Lutheran Diocese of Ribe, but the rest of the churches and religious houses, including St. Nicholas' Priory, were demolished and the materials used for other buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="20826055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826055" title="Micky Welch">
Micky Welch

Michael "Micky" Welch (born 21 May 1957) is a retired Barbadian/English professional footballer who played as a defender and a striker.
Career.
Welch joined Wimbledon in November 1984 from non-League side Grays Athletic, playing in four Football League games before returning to Grays. In 1985 he joined Southend United from Grays. He played in five games for Southend United between February and July, when he rejoined Grays.

</doc>
<doc id="20826071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826071" title="Volumetric flux">
Volumetric flux

In fluid dynamics, the volumetric flux is the rate of volume flow across a unit area (m3·s−1·m−2). 
Volumetric flux = liters/(second*area). The density of a particular property in a fluid's volume, multiplied with the volumetric flux of the fluid, thus defines the advective flux of that property. The volumetric flux through a porous medium is often modelled using Darcy's law.
Volumetric flux is not to be confused with volumetric flow rate, which is the volume of fluid that passes through a "given" surface per unit of time (as opposed to a "unit" surface).

</doc>
<doc id="20826077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826077" title="Vermont Route 112">
Vermont Route 112

Vermont Route 112 is a short state highway in southern Vermont, United States. It is a continuation of Massachusetts Route 112, running from the state line in Halifax north to an intersection with Vermont Route 100 in the village of Jacksonville. Route 112 runs in a northwest-southeast trajectory (signed north–south) and is entirely contained within Windham County.
Route description.
Vermont Route 112 begins in the south at the Massachusetts state border, where Massachusetts Route 112 crosses from Colrain, Massachusetts into Halifax, Vermont. The highway runs northwest, passing west of Halifax, and crossing into the town of Whitingham, where it meets the northern terminus of town-maintained Vermont Route 8A, itself a short northern extension of Massachusetts Route 8A. Route 112 continues to the northwest, passing directly into the village of Jacksonville, where it ends at an intersection with Route 100.

</doc>
<doc id="20826087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826087" title="Great hexacronic icositetrahedron">
Great hexacronic icositetrahedron

In geometry, the great hexacronic icositetrahedron is the dual of the great cubicuboctahedron.

</doc>
<doc id="20826092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826092" title="Channing (TV series)">
Channing (TV series)

Channing (also known as The Young and the Bold) is an American drama series that aired on American Broadcasting Company from September 18, 1963 to April 8, 1964. The series depicted life at fictitious Channing College, with Jason Evers in the lead role of Professor Joseph Howe, and Henry Jones as Fred Baker, the dean of the institution. 
"Channing", a production of Revue Studios, aired during the same time frame as the first season of NBC's somewhat similar offering, "Mr. Novak". 
Synopsis.
According to the story line, Professor Howe had served in the Korean War and was writing a novel in his spare time. In a 1964 episode entitled "The Trouble with Girls", Keir Dullea and Mark Goddard appear as roommates who clash over a girl, Lynn Walton, played by Joey Heatherton. Dullea's character has a nervous breakdown and leaves college.
Don Gordon played Mario Saccone, a 37-year-old soldier who returns from South Vietnam and enters Channing College. This is more than a year before the large United States troop commitment to Southeast Asia and the subsequent breakdown in campus order at many institutions. Gordon is interested in the younger wife of an older political science professor named Jonathan Kobitz, played by Jacqueline Scott and Wendell Corey, respectively. Robert Lansing appeared as an alcoholic professor wrapped in self-pity. Rip Torn appeared as a graduate student with multiple degrees who remains at Channing because of his social life.
"Channing" was broadcast at 10 p.m. Eastern on Wednesdays after "Ben Casey". Its competition was "The Eleventh Hour" on NBC and "The Danny Kaye Show", a variety show on CBS.
Production notes.
Stanley Rubin ("Bracken's World") was the executive producer; Jack Laird ("Ben Casey" and "Kojak"), the producer, and Bob Rafelson (the film "Five Easy Pieces"), the associate producer. 

</doc>
<doc id="20826095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826095" title="Johnson Fry">
Johnson Fry

Johnson Fry (November 21, 1901 – April 7, 1959), nicknamed "Jay", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played with the Cleveland Indians for one season. He pitched in one game during the 1923 Cleveland Indians season on August 24, 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20826097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826097" title="Henry V. Graham">
Henry V. Graham

Henry Vance Graham (May 7, 1916 – March 21, 1999) was a National Guard general who protected black activists during the Civil rights era. He is most famous for asking Alabama Governor George Wallace to step aside and permit black students to register for classes at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa in 1963 during the "Stand in the Schoolhouse Door".
Biography.
In 1934, at the age of 18, Graham joined the National Guard and served in the United States Army in Europe during World War II. In 1945, he attained the rank of Lt. Colonel and served in the Korean War in 1952. For his military services he received Bronze Star Medals and a Legion of Merit. He also served as Adjutant General for the State of Alabama from 1959 to 1961. In 1961, Graham was awarded the title of Brigadier General.
General Graham had several prominent roles in the American civil rights movement. In 1961, General Graham led the Alabama National Guard to protect the Freedom Riders from mob violence. On the evening of May 21, 1961, Freedom Riders and their supporters met at Ralph Abernathy's First Baptist Church in Montgomery, Alabama to honor their struggle. Martin Luther King, Jr also flew in to offer support. As white mobs gathered outside the church and became increasingly agitated, the Kennedy Administration and Alabama Governor John Malcolm Patterson agreed to employ Alabama National Guard troops to surround the church for safety. At the request of King, General Graham entered the church to inform the crowd that they would have to wait until the next morning to leave the church. At dawn, Graham arranged for the members of the crowd to be escorted to their homes. Two days later, on May 24, Graham was responsible for escorting the Freedom Riders from the Montgomery bus terminal to the Alabama-Mississippi border using a convoy of three planes, two helicopters, and seventeen highway patrol cars.
From March 21 to 24, 1965, General Graham was responsible for escorting voting-rights marchers in their third attempt to walk from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama. This occurred two weeks after marchers had been beaten and tear-gassed in front of news media for an earlier attempt to march in what became known as Bloody Sunday.
In his most prominent role, on June 11, 1963, General Graham confronted Governor George Wallace at the University of Alabama for refusing to allow two black students, James Hood and Vivian Malone, to register for classes. Among a crowd of media, Governor Wallace obstructed the doorway of Foster Auditorium in an attempt to disregard federal law requiring the University to integrate. Assistant U.S. Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach approached Wallace earlier in the day and requested his cooperation to stand aside. When Wallace refused, President Kennedy mobilized the Alabama National Guard and General Graham was called to the University. Graham approached Wallace with four sergeants, saluted Wallace and said "It is my sad duty to ask you to step aside under the orders of the President of the United States." The episode is known as the "Stand in the Schoolhouse Door."
The episode is re-enacted in the 1994 film "Forrest Gump" which includes original footage of General Graham and Governor Wallace outside Foster Auditorium. In the 1997 TV movie "George Wallace" Graham was portrayed by Jan Johannes.
General Graham died March 21, 1999. He and his wife, Jane, had four children. The commercial real estate firm he founded, Graham & Company, is managed by his two surviving sons.
Summary of Military Career.
Henry Graham served in the National Guard from 1934 until his retirement in 1976 with the rank of Major General. He was called to active duty for federal service during World War II and the Korean War, with the following dates of rank.
Due to the service component intricacies of the National Guard versus federalized status, while a Major General in the National Guard, Henry Graham was twice appointed as Brigadier General in the Army of the United States in order to perform federalized duties under the authority of the President of the United States. The first occurrence was on June 11, 1963 and again on September 13, 1963; both events were in connection with federalization due to civil rights tensions in Alabama.
On March 13, 1970, while still serving as a Major General and National Guard Adjutant General, Henry Graham accepted a "dual commission" as a Chief Warrant Officer in the National Guard, solely for the purposes of performing flight operations as pilot of a McDonnell F-101 Voodoo. This unusual administrative move was to enable General Graham, who did not hold the proper military occupational specialty to serve as a pilot, perform flight training and flight duties as a Warrant Officer. In theory, General Graham was technically resigned from his general officer's commission each time he flew, was a Warrant Officer in the air, and then reinstated as a Major General when the flight mission concluded. In practice, however, General Graham maintained his rank and insignia at all times.

</doc>
<doc id="20826128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826128" title="Calochortus vestae">
Calochortus vestae

Calochortus vestae is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name coast range mariposa lily. It is endemic to the forests of the North Coast Ranges of California, where it generally grows in clay soils. 
Description.
It is a perennial herb producing a branching stem between 30 and 50 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is 10 to 20 centimeters long and withers by flowering. 
The inflorescence is a loose cluster of 1 to 6 erect, bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three petals up to about 4 centimeters long and three sepals 2 to 3 centimeters long beneath. The petals are white to purplish in color with a central area of pale yellow with a darker reddish or brownish blotch within. At the base of each petal is a red-streaked patch of hairs. 

</doc>
<doc id="20826153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826153" title="Janthina janthina">
Janthina janthina

Janthina janthina, common name the common purple snail, is a species of holoplanktonic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Janthinidae, the violet snails or purple storm snails.
Distribution.
This species is found worldwide in the warm waters of tropical and temperate seas, floating at the surface. They are often found in large groups and sometimes become stranded on beaches when they are blown ashore by strong winds. 
These snails are a unique part of the pleuston, organisms living on or at the very surface of the water, because of their relatively large size. They have veliger or free swimming larvae, but the adults do not swim and cannot create their rafts except at the surface where air bubbles are available.
Habitat.
These snails are pelagic, drifting on the surface of the ocean, where they feed upon pelagic hydrozoans, especially the by-the-wind sailor "Velella velella" and the "Portuguese man o' war" "Physalia physalis".
Description.
"Janthina janthina" is a member of the Janthinidae family, snails that trap air bubbles with a layer of clear chitin to maintain their positions at the surface of the ocean where they are predatious on the hydrozoans. In addition to the bubble raft, only the veliger, or larval stage, has an operculum, and the shell is paper-thin to allow the animal to float upside down at the surface. 
The snail's shell is reverse countershaded, because of its upside-down position in the water column. There is a light purple shade on the spire of the shell, and a darker purple on the ventral side. The animal has a large head on a very flexible neck. The eyes are small and are situated at the base of its tentacles. 
The snail begins life as a male and later changes to the female of the species. The eggs are held by the female until they develop into a larval form.
The shell is almost smooth with a slightly depressed-globose shape. It is thin and delicate, and is without an operculum. 
The colour of the shell is violet, with a paler upper surface. 
The height of the species shell is up to 38 mm, the width to 40 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="20826154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826154" title="Nageshvara Jyotirlinga">
Nageshvara Jyotirlinga

Nageshvara Jyotirlinga is one of the 12 Jyotirlinga shrines mentioned in the Shiva Purana (Śatarudra Saṁhitā,Ch.42/2-4, referred as "nagesham darukavane"). Nageshvara is believed as the first Jyotirlinga on the earth. There are three major shrines in India which are believed as identical to this Jyotirlinga. Those are the Jageshwar temple near Almora in Uttarakhand state, the Nageshwara temple near Dwaraka in Gujarat state and the Nagnath temple in Aundha in Maharashtra state.
Jyotirlinga.
As per Shiv Mahapuran, once Brahma (the Hindu God of creation) and Vishnu (the Hindu God of saving) had an argument in terms of supremacy of creation. To test them, Shiva pierced the three worlds as a huge endless pillar of light, the "jyotirlinga". Vishnu and Brahma split their ways to downwards and upwards respectively to find the end of the light in either directions. Brahma lied that he found out the end, while Vishnu conceded his defeat. Shiva appeared as a second pillar of light and cursed Brahma that he would have no place in ceremonies while Vishnu would be worshipped till the end of eternity. The "jyotirlinga" is the supreme partless reality, out of which Shiva partly appears. The "jyothirlinga" shrines, thus are places where Shiva appeared as a fiery column of light. Originally there were believed to be 64 "jyothirlingas" while 12 of them are considered to be very auspicious and holy. Each of the twelve "jyothirlinga" sites take the name of the presiding deity - each considered different manifestation of Shiva. At all these sites, the primary image is "lingam" representing the beginningless and endless "Stambha" pillar, symbolizing the infinite nature of Shiva. The twelve "jyothirlinga" are Somnath in Gujarat, Mallikarjuna at Srisailam in Andhra Pradesh, Mahakaleswar at Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh, Omkareshwar in Madhya Pradesh, Kedarnath in Himalayas, Bhimashankar in Maharastra, Viswanath at Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh, Triambakeshwar in Maharastra, Vaidyanath at Deogarh in Jharkand, Nageshvara Jyotirlinga, Rameshwar at Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu and Grishneshwar at Aurangabad in Maharastra.
The narratives on Nageshvara Jyotirlinga.
The Shiva Purana says Nageshvara is in the "Darukavana", which is an ancient epic name of a forest in India. Darukavana finds mention in Indian epics like Kamyakavana, Dvaitavana, Dandakavana,etc.
According to a narrative, the "Balakhilyas", a group of dwarf sages worshipped Shiva in Darukavana (Daruka means Doedar, Van means Forest, so Darukavana means Deodar Forest) for long time. To test their devotion and patience, Shiva came to the Darukavana as an "digambara" (nude) ascetic, wearing only Nagas in his body. Wives of sages were attracted and ran after the ascetic, leaving back their husbands. Sages got very disturbed and frustrated with this. They lost their patience and cursed ascetic to loose his linga. Shivalinga fell on the earth and whole world trembled. Brahma and Vishnu came to Shiva, requested him to save earth from destruction and take back his linga. Shiva consoled them and took back his linga.(Vamana Purana Ch.6 and 45)
Shiva promised his divine presence in Darukavana as "Jyotirlinga" for ever. Later Darukavana became favourate place of Nagas and Vasuki worshipped Shiva here for long and thereafter the Jyotirlinga came to be known as "Nagnath or "Nageshvara".
Also, there is a narrative in the Shiva Purana on the Nageshvara Jyotirlinga. It says, a demon named "Daaruka" attacked a Shiva devotee by name Supriya and imprisoned her along with several others in his city of Darukavana. This place was a city of snakes and "Daaruka" was the king of the snakes. On the insistence of Supriya, all the prisoners started to chant the holy mantra of Shiva and instantly Lord Shiva appeared and vanquished the demon and later started to reside here in the form of a Jyotirlinga.
It is also said that a demoness 'Daaruka' and worshiped Mata Parvati. Pleased with the great penance and devotion of Daruka, Mata Parvati gave her a boon that she would be the queen of the forest(where she meditated) and the forest would be called 'DARUKAVANA'. Devi Parvati gave her the power to shift the forest. To save denoms, Daruka used her special powers she had got from goddess Parvati. She shifted the entire forest into the sea. From here they continued their operation against hermits. They used to kidnap sages and kept them in their new place. Once they captured a great Shiva devotee, Supriya.
Arrival of Supriya changed the situation. He made all captives recite powerful Om Namaha Shivay mantra of Lord Shiva. Taking this as a rebellion, demons decided to kill Supriya, but they failed as Lord Shiva appeared there and saved him. Daruka realized her mistake. Then Shiva and Parvati stayed there. Lord Shiva once again assumed the form of Jyotirlinga with the name Nageshwar and Goddess Parvati was known as Nageshwari. Lord Shiva said that he will show the correct path to one's who will worship him.
Controversy about the location.
At present, there is a debate on location of epic forest Darukavana so as to identify the jyotirlinga of Nageswaram. Since no other important clues are left in the text which help in locating the place, 'Darukavana' remains as the vital clue.
Darukavana, the name being derived from 'daruvana' forest of deodar trees, is taken by many to exist in Almora. Deodar (daru vriksha) is found only in western Himalayas in abundance and is not found in peninsular India. There has been a continuous association of deodar trees with Lord Shiva in ancient Hindu texts. Hindu sages used to reside and perform meditation in deodar forests to please Lord Shiva. Also, according to the ancient treatise Prasadmandanam,
"हिमाद्रेरूत्तरे पार्श्वे देवदारूवनं परम् पावनं शंकरस्थानं तत्र् सर्वे शिवार्चिताः।" Thus most identify the 'Jageswara' temple in Almora, Uttarkhand as Nageshvara Jyotirlinga. 
The very name of Darukavana in text could be misread as 'Dwarakavana' to locate Jyotirlinga at Nageswara temple at Dwaraka. In fact there is no legendary forest at this part of dwaraka that finds mention in any of the India epics. In the narratives of Shri Krishna, we find mention of Somanatha and adjoining Prabhasa tirtha, but never there is any mention of 'Nageswara or Darukavana' in Dwaraka and outskirts.
'Darukavana' can also be taken to exist adjacent to Vindhya Mountains. It is south-southwest of the Vindhyas extending to sea in west. In the "Dvadasha Jyotirlinga Stotra" (6), Shankaracharya praised this "Jyotirlinga" as "Naganath":
""Yamye sadange nagaretiramye vibhushitangam vividhaishcha bhogai
Sadbhaktimuktipradamishamekam shrinaganatham sharanam prapadye""
This could be taken to provide evidence that it is located in the south ['yamye'] at the town of "Sadanga", the ancient name of Aundh in Maharashtra located 'south' compared to Jageswara shrine in Uttarkhand and Dwaraka Nageshvara at West end.

</doc>
<doc id="20826157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826157" title="LCA-Vision">
LCA-Vision

LCA-Vision is a provider of photorefractive keratectomy in the United States under the LasikPlus brand. As of October 2010, LCA-Vision Inc. owns and operates 54 LasikPlus fixed-site laser vision correction centers across the United States and Canada. The company performs Custom LASIK, PRK and monovision treatment to correct nearsightedness, farsightedness, astigmatism and reduce the effects of presbyopia. According to the company, one million laser vision correction procedures have been performed at its LasikPlus vision centers since 1991.
Background.
Laser Centers of America, Inc., LCA-Vision's corporate predecessor, was formed in 1986. The company served as a professional management firm assisting hospitals and medical centers throughout the United States in managing their laser and minimally invasive surgery programs. 
In 1991, shortly after the first laser to perform laser vision correction procedures in Canada was approved, LCA-Vision began applying its laser operating capability to the field of refractive eye surgery, particularly to Photorefractive Keratectomy (PRK), a procedure in which lasers are used to correct nearsightedness and other eye conditions. In 1995, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved PRK technology in the United States. In December 1995, LCA-Vision opened its first Laser Vision Correction center in the United States at its corporate headquarters in Cincinnati. Founded and chaired by Stephen Joffe, Joffe was a practicing general surgeon and tenured, full professor at the University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center. An early advocate of applying laser technology in medical disciplines, he founded a laser technology device company and later, a laser surgery management business with hospitals and medical centers throughout the U.S.
In January 1996, shares of LCA-Vision common stock began trading on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market under the symbol LCAV. By the end of the century, LCA-Vision was the third largest publicly held vision correction company in the United States, with 21 locations in the United States and two in Canada. The company also continued to provide laser and minimally invasive surgery programs for hospitals and medical centers.
In 1997, the FDA approved the technology for a more advanced outpatient procedure for laser vision correction, Laser in-situ keratomileusis (LASIK), to treat nearsightedness, also using an excimer laser. Within one year of its FDA approval, PRK became less and less popular following the development of LASIK, a procedure that allowed patients to have their vision corrected without the need for extended recovery from surgery.
In August 1997, LCA-Vision completed its first major acquisition through the purchase of Summit Technology's laser vision correction centers, Refractive Centers International, Inc. (RCII).
In July 1999, LCA-Vision introduced the "LasikPlus" name at its laser vision correction center in Baltimore, Maryland.
LCA-V Partnerships.
On December 9, 2009 LasikPlus announced its partnership with the Wounded Warrior Project to provide free LasikPlus corrective vision surgery to U.S. military veterans and their spouses/caregivers across the nation.
These procedures were organized through a partnership among LasikPlus, Wounded Warrior Project and Fisher House Foundation. To date, the partnership has provided more than 70 warriors and seven caregivers with free LasikPlus laser vision correction across the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20826164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826164" title="Vern Fuller">
Vern Fuller

Vernon Gordon Fuller (born March 1, 1944 in Menomonie, Wisconsin) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman who played for six seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians in 1964 and from 1966 to 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20826186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826186" title="Chartist">
Chartist

Chartist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20826208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826208" title="Fatehpuri Masjid">
Fatehpuri Masjid

Fatehpuri Masjid is a 17th-century mosque located at the western end of the oldest street of Delhi, Chandni Chowk. It is opposite the Red Fort on the opposite end of Chandni Chowk. 
History.
Fatehpuri Masjid was built in 1650 by Fatehpuri Begum, one of emperor Shah Jahan's wives who was from Fatehpur Sikri, and the mosque at Taj Mahal is also named after her. 
The British had auctioned the mosque after the 1857 war to Rai Lala Chunnamal for Rs. 19,000(whose descendants still live in the Chunnamal haveli in Chandni Chowk), who preserved the mosque. Later in 1877 it was acquired by the government in exchange for four villages and was restored to the Muslims at the Delhi Durbar when the British allowed the Muslims back in Old Delhi. A similar mosque, called Akbarabadi Masjid built by the Akbarabadi Begum was destroyed by the British.
The Khari Baoli, which is today Asia's largest spice market, gradually developed after the construction of the mosque.
Muslim festivals "Id-ul-Fitr" and "Id-ul-Zuha" are celebrated with great enthusiasm at the mosque.
Mufti Mukarram Ahmad is the chief mufti and imam of the mosque and has been Imam there for almost 42 years and before him his father Maulana Mufti Mohammad Ahmad (d. 21 October 1971/1391 AH) was iman and mufti of the mosque.
Architecture.
The mosque is built using red sandstone and has a fluted dome with "mahapadma" and "kalash" on the top. Flanked by minarets, the mosque has a traditional design with the prayer hall having seven-arched openings. The mosque has single and double-storeyed apartments on the sides. 
The central iwan in the middle is flanked by three arches on each side.

</doc>
<doc id="20826210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826210" title="Calochortus weedii">
Calochortus weedii

Calochortus weedii is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Weed's mariposa lily. 
It is native to the Outer Southern California Coast Ranges and the Transverse Ranges in Southern California, and the Peninsular Ranges in Southern California and Baja California. It is a member of the chaparral flora. 
Description.
"Calochortus weedii" is a perennial herb producing a slender, branching stem 30 to 90 centimeters tall. 
There is a basal leaf up to 40 centimeters long which withers by the time the plant blooms. 
The inflorescence bears 2 to 6 erect, widely bell-shaped to spreading flowers. Each flower has three narrow sepals and three wider and sometimes shorter petals, each segment up to 3 centimeters long. The petals are oval or wedge-shaped and may be any of a variety of colors, from cream to deep yellow to reddish purple. The petals often have reddish brown borders and flecks, and a coating of hairs on the inner surface. 
The fruit is an angled capsule 4 to 5 centimeters long.
One variety of this plant, "Calochortus weedii" var. "vestus", is now often treated as a species in its own right named "Calochortus fimbriatus".

</doc>
<doc id="20826230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826230" title="DBO">
DBO

DBO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20826244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826244" title="Thomas David Frank Evans">
Thomas David Frank Evans

Thomas David Frank Evans (1917-1996) was a British soldier during World War II, during which he was also a prisoner of war of the Japanese Army. He published his memoirs in Welsh and English in the 1980s.
Biography.
Frank Evans was born in 1917 in Llanwnnen, Lampeter in Wales. He was dispatched to the Crown Colony of Hong Kong as a member of the British Army (Royal Army Pay Corps) in 1941. As a result of the Battle of Hong Kong in December 1941, he was captured by the Japanese Army and interned at the Sham Shui Po and Argyle Street POW camps in Hong Kong and later transferred to the Oeyama POW Camp, Iwataki Town, Yoza-gun, Kyoto Prefecture where he was forced to work in the open-pit nickel mine in Kaya and the smelting factory in Iwataki together with nearly 700 POW's from countries such as the UK, Canada, Australia and the USA.
The POW's were released from the camp in September 1945 after the defeat of Japan in the Pacific War and Frank Evans returned to Wales in November. Nearly ten per cent of the POW's in the Oeyama camp had died of malnutrition, hard labour and torture when the war was over.
He privately published his memoirs in Welsh in 1981 and later in English in 1985. The English version, "Roll Call at Oeyama, P.O.W. Remembers", is known as one of the important accounts of POW's experience in Hong Kong and Japan. It is also quite unique as it combines his memories from World War II and the process of post-war reconciliation between his former enemies and himself as a result of his 1984 visit to Japan.
"Roll Call at Oeyama, P.O.W. Remembers" is quoted in "Long Night's Journey into Day" by Dr. Charles G. Roland (Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 2001) and in "We shall Suffer There" by Tony Banham (Hong Kong University Press, March 2009). It is also quoted in an English language textbook in Japan for senior high school students by the Kairyudo Press and in "Amerika Kokka Hangyaku-zai" (A Case of Treason in the (Post-War) USA) in Japanese by Tetsuro Shimojima (Kodansha Press, Tokyo, 1993). This book deals with Tomoya Kawakita who was convicted of treason after World War II for his acts against US POW's as an interpreter at the Oeyama nickel mine.
Frank Evans visited the former Oeyama POW camp site for the first time since the end of World War II in 1984 and had a memorial for his comrades erected at the former nickel mine site with cooperation from the Town of Kaya (now a part of Town of Yosano) and Nippon Yakin Company Ltd. This visit and the 1985 visit by Mayor Takuichi Hosoi of Kaya to Aberystwyth enabled the two municipalities to establish exchange programs for their respective high school students and citizens.
Evans died in Aberystwyth in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20826256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826256" title="Shiny Brite ornaments">
Shiny Brite ornaments

The Shiny-Brite company produced the most popular Christmas tree ornaments in the United States throughout the 1940s and '50s. 
In 1937, Max Eckardt established "Shiny-Brite" ornaments, working with the Corning Glass Company to mass produce glass Christmas ornaments. Eckardt had been importing hand-blown glass balls from Germany since around 1907, but had the foresight to anticipate a disruption in his supply from the upcoming war. Corning adapted their process for making light bulbs to making clear glass ornaments, which were then shipped to Eckardt's factories to be decorated by hand. The fact that Shiny-Brite ornaments were an American-made product was stressed as a selling point during World War II.
Dating of the ornaments is often facilitated by studying the hook. The first Shiny-Brite ornaments had the traditional metal cap and loop, with the hook attached to the loop, from which the ornament was hung from the tree.
Wartime production necessitated the replacement of the metal cap with a cardboard tab, from which the owner would use yarn or string to hang the ornament. These hangers firmly place the date of manufacture of the ornament to the early 1940s.
Following the war, Shiny-Brite introduced a line of ornaments with a newly designed metal hook that provided the user with two lengths of hanger. The long hook traveled through the center of the ornament and exited the bottom, where it attached to the foot of the ornament. This provided the "short" hanger. Unlatched from the bottom, the entire length of the hook was available, allowing the ornament to dangle at a greater distance from the tree limb to which it was attached. This arrangement was designed to allow the ornament to fill sparsely limbed areas of a natural tree.
The increasing popularity of the aluminum artificial Christmas tree, first manufactured in 1958, made this device far less attractive to the consumer, as an artificial tree had no gaps to be filled. The added expense of the lengthy hanging wire coupled with the diminishing need caused this feature to be discontinued in 1960.
During its peak, Shiny-Brite had four factories in New Jersey, located in the cities of Hoboken, Irvington, North Bergen, and West New York. The company's main office and showroom were located at 45 East 17th Street in New York City, NY.
Shiny-Brite's most popular ornaments have been reissued by Christopher Radko since 2001.
References.
Encyclopedia of Christmas, Tanya Gulevich, Visible Ink Press, 2002
External links.
http://www.goldenglow.org/glass_40s_50s_page.htm
http://www.brandlandusa.com/2008/12/17/thinking-shiny-brite-ornaments/

</doc>
<doc id="20826260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826260" title="Gregory II Youssef">
Gregory II Youssef

Patriarch Gregory II Youssef, also known as Gregory II Hanna Youssef-Sayour (October 17, 1823 – July 13, 1897), was Patriarch of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church from 1864 to 1897. Gregory expanded and modernized the church and its institutions and participated in the First Vatican Council, where he championed the rights of the Eastern Catholic Churches.
Gregory is remembered as a particularly dynamic patriarch of the Melkite Church. He is recognized as one of the forerunners of interconfessional dialogue and as an advocate for preserving the traditions and autonomy of the Melkites.
Early life, priesthood and episcopate.
Hanna Youssef-Sayour was born October 17, 1823 at Rosetta, near Alexandria, Egypt. In 1840, at age 16, he entered the Basilian Salvatorian Order. In 1844, he began to study in the Jesuit seminary of Kesrouane in Mount Lebanon. From 1847 to 1856 Youssef studied philosophy and theology in the Pontifical Greek College of Saint Athanasius in Rome where he was ordained priest on June 11, 1854. Back in the Middle East, he was chosen by the newly elected patriarch Clement Bahouth as successor for the See of Acre and Galilee. He received the episcopal consecration on November 13, 1856 by patriarch Clement Bahouth.
During his episcopate Youssef faced three major issues: discontent within the Melkite Church for the introduction of the Gregorian Calendar by Clement Bahouth, a short-lived schism supported by the Russian Orthodox Church on the basis of the newly introduced Gregorian Calendar, and division between the Basilians monks. Youssef remained strictly neutral on the calendar, but fiercely fought the schism.
Patriarchate.
The conflicts in the Melkite church escalated and in 1864 Clement Bahouth asked the church leadership in Rome to abdicate his position as patriarch and elect Youssef as his successor. Rome authorized the resignation, and a synod of bishops was convened for September 24, 1864. At the opening of synod Clement Bahouth announced his resignation, and the synod elected Youssef as patriarch on September 29, 1864. Youssef took the name "Gregory" and was confirmed by Pope Pius IX on March 27, 1865.
Once elected patriarch Gregory worked to restore peace in the religious community and successfully healed the schism. He also focused on improving church institutions and founded the Patriarchal College in Beirut in 1865 and the Patriarchal College in Damascus in 1875, and re-opened the Melkite seminary of Ain Traz in 1866. Gregory promoted the establishment of Saint Ann's Seminary, Jeruselem by the White Fathers, in 1882 for the training of Melkite clergy.
Following the "Hatti Humayyouni" decree by Sultan Abdul Majid in 1856 the life of Christians in the Near East improved. This allowed Gregory to successfully encourage greater participation by the Melkite laity in both church administration and public affairs. Gregory also took an interest in ministering to the growing number of Melkites who had emigrated to the Americas. In 1889, he dispatched Father Ibrahim Beshawate of the Basilian Salvatorian Order in Saida, Lebanon to New York to minister to the growing local Syrian community. According to historian Philip Hitte, Beshawate was the first permanent priest in the United States from the Near East from the Melkite, Maronite, and Antiochian Orthodox Churches.
First Vatican Council.
Gregory was a prominent proponent of Eastern ecclesiology at the First Vatican Council. In two discourses he gave at the Council on May 19 and June 14, 1870 he emphasized the importance of conforming to the decisions of the Council of Florence and of not innovating ideas of papal primacy, such as papal infallibility. He anticipated a negative impact of a dogmatic definition of papal infallibility on relations with the Eastern Orthodox Church and became as a prominent opponent of the dogma at the Council. Gregory also defended the rights and privileges of the patriarchs afforded by earlier ecumenical councils. Speaking at the Council on May 19, 1870, Gregory stated:
The Eastern Church attributes to the pope the most complete and highest power, however in a manner where the fullness and primacy are in harmony with the rights of the patriarchal sees. This is why, in virtue of and ancient right founded on customs, the Roman Pontiffs did not, except in very significant cases, exercise over these sees the ordinary and immediate jurisdiction that we are asked now to define without any exception. This definition would completely destroy the constitution of the entire Greek church. That is why my conscious as a pastor refuses to accept this constitution.
Gregory refused to sign the Council's dogmatic declaration on papal infallibility. He and two of the seven other Melkite bishops present voted "non placet" at the general congregation and left Rome prior to the adoption of the dogmatic constitution "Pastor Aeternus" on papal infallibility. Other members of the anti-infallibilist minority from the Latin church and other Eastern Catholic churches also left the city.
Relationship with the Vatican following the Council.
After the First Vatican Council concluded, an emissary of the Roman Curia was dispatched to secure the signatures of the patriarch and the Melkite delegation. Gregory and the Melkite bishops subscribed to it, but adding the qualifying clause used at the Council of Florence: ""except the rights and privileges of Eastern patriarchs."" He earned the enmity of Pope Pius IX for this; during his next visit to the pontiff Gregory was cast to the floor at Pius' feet by the papal guard and the pope placed his foot on the patriarch's head. In spite of this event, Gregory and the Melkite Catholic Church remained committed to their union with the Church of Rome. Relationships with the Vatican improved following the death of Pius IX and the subsequent election of Leo XIII. Leo's encyclical "Orientalium Dignitas" in 1894 addressed some of the Eastern Catholic Churches' concerns on latinization and the centralization of power in Rome. Leo confirmed that the limitations placed on the Armenian Catholic patriarch by Pius IX's 1867 letter "Reversurus" would not apply to the Melkite Church and he formally recognized an expansion of Patriarch Gregory's jurisdiction to include all Melkites throughout the Ottoman Empire.
Patriarch Gregory died on July 13, 1897 in Damascus. Following his death he was succeeded as patriarch by Barakat Géraigiry, who assumed the name Peter IV.
Legacy.
Gregory is remembered as a particularly dynamic patriarch of the Melkite Church. His defense of the Eastern ecclesiological conception of church autonomy etstablished the framework for the Eastern Catholic Church's interventions during the Second Vatican Council. Gregory has also been recognized as one of the forerunners of interconfessional dialogue.

</doc>
<doc id="20826268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826268" title="One and One (musical)">
One and One (musical)

One & One is an American 1970s award-winning original off-Broadway musical comedy by Dianne Adams (music and lyrics), Fred Bennett (book), and Richard O'Donnell (book, music and lyrics).
Produced by the Broadway-times Theatre Co., and directed by Jim Payne, "One & One" opened November 15, 1978 at The Carter Theatre, 250 West 43rd Street in the heart of Times Square.
Synopsis.
"One & One" tells the story of a fading song and dance team Majeski & O’Reily that are forced to take on a woman partner to boost their notoriety. An old childhood friend, Julie Allyn, has blossomed into a talented beauty; they both fall in love with her with disastrous results. Through the decline of Vaudeville to the rise of the big Hollywood musicals, "One & One" is an homage to American entertainment with “...as good a score as any on Broadway today.”
History.
In 1976, while attending Mansfield University, Dianne Adams (music and lyrics), Fred Bennett (book), and Richard O’Donnell (book, music, and lyrics) met, all sharing their adoration for the bygone years of Vaudeville, Burlesque, and the great MGM musicals. Two years later their musical comedy "One & One" was produced off-Broadway by the Broadway-times Theatre Co., and went on to receive two ASCAP Special Awards in 1978 and one in 1979, all under the category of musical theater. 
"One & One" previewed in New York City at the Carter Theatre (formally the Bert Wheeler Theatre), off the lobby of the Carter Hotel, 250 West 43rd Street for over six months, before officially opening November 15, 1978. On opening night Dianne Adams was 19, Richard O’Donnell was 22, and Fred Bennett was 24 years old. After a brief but successful run, the show was slated for Broadway, produced by Duff Boardman & Associates, Theatre Now, general managers; and budgeted at one million dollars. For the Broadway backers audition then unknown actor Nathan Lane recorded the role of Jeff O’Riely. Tap legend Miriam Nelson was signed to direct and choreograph. Due to costs, the show never hit the Great White Way.
Roles and cast information.
Replacements:
Understudies:

</doc>
<doc id="20826274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826274" title="Radiative flux">
Radiative flux

Radiative flux, also known as radiative flux density or radiation flux, is the amount of power radiated through a given area, in the form of photons or other elementary particles, typically measured in W/m2. It is used in astronomy to determine the magnitude and spectral class of a star. Radiative flux also acts as a generalization of heat flux, which is equal to the radiative flux when restricted to the infrared spectrum.
When radiative flux is incident on a surface, it is often called irradiance. Flux emitted from a surface may be called radiant exitance or radiant emittance.
Shortwave radiation flux.
Shortwave flux is a result of specular and diffuse reflection of incident shortwave radiation by the underlying surface. This shortwave radiation, as solar radiation, can have a profound impact on certain biophysical processes of vegetation, such as canopy photosynthesis and land surface energy budgets, by being absorbed into the soil and canopies.
Longwave radiation flux.
Longwave flux is a product of both downwelling infrared energy as well as emission by the underlying surface. The cooling associated with the divergence of longwave radiation is necessary for creating and sustaining lasting inversion layers close to the surface during polar night. Longwave radiation flux divergence also plays a role in the formation of fog.

</doc>
<doc id="20826285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826285" title="Thomas Bever">
Thomas Bever

Thomas G. Bever (born December 9, 1939) is a Regent's Professor of Psychology, Linguistics, Cognitive Science, and Neuroscience at the University of Arizona. He has been a leading figure in psycholinguistics, focusing on the cognitive and neurological bases of linguistic universals, among other pursuits. Bever received a B.A. in linguistics and psychology from Harvard University in 1961, and a Ph.D. in linguistics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1967; he studied with Noam Chomsky and Jean Piaget. He taught at Rockefeller University from 1967–1969, Columbia University from 1970–1986 (where he was involved with Project Nim), and the University of Rochester from 1985–1995, before accepting his current position at the University of Arizona, where he has remained ever since.
Bever is notable for his study of garden path sentences such as "The horse raced past the barn fell", as well as his analysis by synthesis model of sentence processing, developed with David Townsend. In recent decades, Bever has studied the differences in language processing between righthanders with familial handedness and righthanders without left-handed relatives.
He was a co-founder of the journal 'Cognition.'

</doc>
<doc id="20826296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826296" title="Norm Bradford">
Norm Bradford

Norman Bradford is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in action in World War I.
Bradford was killed in action on 4 August 1916 while serving in the Australian Imperial Force as a Corporal in the 23rd Battalion of the Australian Infantry. He name is engraved on the Villers-Bretonneux Memorial, a memorial to all Australian soldiers who fought in France and Belgium during the First World War whose graves are not known.

</doc>
<doc id="20826304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826304" title="Chushul">
Chushul

Chushul is a valley in Ladakh, in the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India. It was an airstrip used in the Sino-Indian War. It is close to Rezang La and Panggong Lake at a height of 4360 metres.
The Chushul village was the block headwaters of Chanthhang block of Ladakh district prior to the 1962 war with china. 

</doc>
<doc id="20826313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826313" title="Lindsay Collegiate and Vocational Institute">
Lindsay Collegiate and Vocational Institute

LCVI is a secondary school in Lindsay, Ontario.
It is a part of the Trillium Lakelands District School Board. It was previously in the Victoria County Board of Education.
Types of Courses at LCVI.
Grades 9 and 10.
Enriched Courses.
a focus on the academic course material with additional opportunities and expectations designed to prepare students for the Advanced Placement Program.
Academic Courses.
develop student's knowledge and skills through the study of theory and abstract problems. These courses focus on the core concepts of a subject and explore related concepts as well. They incorporate practical applications as appropriate.
Applied Courses.
focus on the key' concepts of a subject, and develop students' knowledge and skills through practical applications and concrete examples. Familiar situations are used to illustrate ideas, and students are given more opportunities to experience hands-on applications of the concepts and theories they study.
Open Courses.
are designed to prepare students for further study and to enrich their education generally. Open courses comprise a set of expectations that are appropriate for all students.
Essential Courses.
are available upon recommendation of the Head of the Special Education Department.
Grades 11 and 12.
Enriched Courses.
focus on the academic course material with additional opportunities and expectations designed to prepare students for the Advanced Placement Program.
Advanced Placement Courses.
give high school students the opportunity to experience university level curriculum and allow them the chance to earn credit, placement or both for university.
University Preparation Courses.
are designed to equip students with the knowledge and skills they need to meet the entrance requirements for university programs.
University/College Preparation Courses.
are designed to equip students with the knowledge and skills they need to meet the entrance requirements for specific programs offered at universities and colleges.
College Preparation Courses.
are designed to equip students with the knowledge and skills they need to meet the requirements for entrance to most college programs or for admission to apprenticeship or other training programs.
Workplace Preparation Courses.
are designed to equip students with the knowledge and skills they need to meet the expectations of employers, if they plan to enter the workplace directly after graduation, or the requirements for admission to certain apprenticeship or other training programs.
Open Courses.
are designed to broaden students' knowledge and skills in subjects that reflect their interests and to prepare them for active and rewarding participation in society. They're not designed with the specific requirements of universities, colleges, or the workplace in mind.
Dual Credit Courses.
are taught by both secondary school and college staff. They help to ease the transition to post-secondary, improve the success rate of students and work to increase the number of students entering apprenticeship programs.
Prerequisites.
are specified for many of the courses offered in Grades 11 and 12. They are identified in the course descriptions included in this calendar.
Special Programs Available at LCVI.
The Advanced Placement (AP) Program at LCVI.
The AP Program is a collaborative effort between motived students, dedicated teachers, and committed high schools. It allows millions of students in more than 16 000 high schools world-wide, the opportunity to study university level curriculum and possibly earn advanced-standing for university courses before completing high school. Students participating in the Advanced Placement's enriched curriculum, statistically experience higher success at post-secondary programs. 
Cooperative Education at LCVI.
Cooperative Education is an opportunity for students to earn credits based on classroom learning and work experience. Students may acquire employability skills, gain work experience and increase their knowledge of career opportunities. Students may choose a two credit or a four credit coop program. The two credit coop program is scheduled for either the morning or the afternoon classes. The four credit coop program is scheduled all day for either semester and is highly recommended only for students in grade 12. 
Gold Star Construction Program.
The Gold Star Construction Program provides students with a first hand opportunity to apply their construction skills on a real job site. Students in this program, through the support of Mason Homes, will complete their credits for a semester while building a home within the Mason Homes project. Some students will also have an opportunity to work with other trades people such as plumbers and electricians.
The Gold Star Program is also unique in that an LCVI teacher will be on site at all times to teach and oversee student projects. This is a first for the area. At the end of a semester working on site, students have the potential to complete 2 Senior Level Construction Technology Credits along with 2 Cooperative Education Credits. This opportunity will also place students in an excellent position to begin their apprenticeship in the construction trades and to pursue a summer job in the construction industry. 
Ontario Youth Apprenticeship Program (OYAP).
OYAP allows students to:
Students who are in their graduating year, may apply for OYAP, which works in conjunction with Fleming and Durham Colleges. 
Practical Academics and Life Skills Program (PALS).
The learning focus of the PALS program is to provide students with functional and purposeful skills that will support success. It is a stepping stone towards independent living. Teaching will take place in a meaningful context; real life situations will enhance concept and skill development. Materials used to facilitate experiential learning will be largely concrete and hands-on in nature. Each student in the program will have an individual education plan, which addresses their unique educational needs and incorporates realistic, manageable, yet appropriately challenging expectations. 
Specialist High Skills Major Programs.
Specialist High Skills Majors let students focus on a career path that matches their skills and interest. LCVI will be offering the Specialist High Skills Major in Construction, Health and Wellness and Communications during 2010-2011. This will allow students to gain important skills on the job with employers, at skills training centres and at school. In addition, students who complete their major receive a special designation on their Secondary School Diploma. 
Clubs.
Intramurals.
At lunch. Games start at 11:10 a.m. and finish at 11:30 a.m. Eat your lunch in the cafeteria BEFORE coming down to the gym. Your team will play one game per week. If you want more time in the gym, there are many “Open Gym” days scheduled for shooting around and playing pick-up sports.Why? To meet new people…for fitness…lunch can be boring…to win prizes…to get involved…to relieve stress…to raise school spirit…to listen to music…to be active. All students are welcome to participate! There will be three divisions: (1) Grades 9 & 10 Boys, (2) Grades 11 & 12 Boys, and (3) Open Girls. The more teams, the better!
The first sport will be indoor soccer. This is usually followed by floorball (a new and better version of floor hockey), dodgeball and team handball (for the boys) and volleyball (for the girls). This is subject to change based on input from intramural participants!
Where? In our big gymnasium…Come down, get changed into athletic clothing and have a blast! AT THE VERY LEAST, YOU MUST WEAR RUNNING SHOES!
How? Sign up a team of 6-10 players with a team captain…if you keep the team together over the course of the school year, then you can ACCUMULATE POINTS towards capturing the SUPERTEAM “SHIELD” title at the end of the school year. Registration forms can be submitted to the Physical Education office located in the main gymnasium.
Also, teams who fully participate and show commitment to playing multiple sports, will have the opportunity to design SUPERTEAM
T-SHIRTS. This raises school spirit and identifies your team. Your team name and a logo of your choice will appear on the shirt. 
Trish Peter Spirit Run.
Trish Peter entered her grade 9 year at LCVI as a happy, artistic and athletic teenager. When she turned 16 years old she was diagnosed with cancer. This vivacious and talented girl created such an impact on LCVI's staff and students over the course of her high school career that we voted her valedictorian in her graduating year. Trish's infectious spirit for life and her courage and determination to beat cancer, made her one of LCVI's most memorable students. Unfortunately, Trish lost her life to cancer on July 30th, 2004. She was 19 years old.
On October 14th, 2004, the first annual LCVI Trish Peter Spirit Run was born. Every year, students celebrate Trish's life by dressing head to toe in Trish's favourite colour: pink. With 100% participation from staff and students, we walk, jog or run a 2.5 km course through the streets of Lindsay. Money and donations are raised by students and staff and donated to the Trish's Wish Foundation . This foundation provides financial assistance and support to families in the City of Kawartha Lakes in a time of crisis as a result of serious illness or injury to a member of that family who is between the ages of 17 and 25. Donations are accepted at LCVI's main office. 

</doc>
<doc id="20826317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826317" title="KCEB (Tulsa)">
KCEB (Tulsa)

KCEB, channel 23, was the second television station to sign on in Tulsa, Oklahoma. It first broadcast in 1954.
Tulsa's existing station (KOTV 6) retained the CBS and ABC affiliations initially, with the new station signing on March 1954 as an affiliate of NBC and DuMont.
Founded by Tulsan oilman Elfred Beck, KCEB began construction of facilities atop Lookout Mountain on August 21, 1953. At one point, an estimated 100,000 UHF converters had been sold to viewers and the station was outfitted with the latest equipment.
Soon after KCEB signed on in 1954, the Federal Communications Commission issued construction permits to KVOO radio owner Central Plains Enterprises (who signed on Channel 2) and OETA (who signed on educational Channel 11). NBC cancelled its affiliation agreement with KCEB and moved its programming to Channel 2. KCEB took an ABC affiliation, but that affiliation too would be short-lived. 
Like NBC before it, ABC was allowing local VHF station KOTV to cherry-pick much of the network's programming, leaving less programming available to KCEB. Muskogee, Oklahoma was also soon to get its own new television station. Tulsa Broadcasting Company's KTVX Channel 8 signed on as the new ABC affiliate on September 18, 1954. 
DuMont's days as a network operation were numbered, with most network programming gone by April 1, 1955; the network would be defunct by 1956. KCEB cut back its operation to a limited program schedule in October 1954 and signed off for the last time on December 10. On April 6, 1955, Beck sold KCEB 23's studios and the forty acres of ground atop Lookout Mountain to Tulsa Broadcasting Company, owners of KTVX 8 Muskogee. 
Channel 8 initially used the site as an auxiliary studio, obtaining FCC approval to move Channel 8 to Tulsa in November 1955 under new call letters matching KTUL radio.
KCEB kept its original construction permit for Channel 23. The Federal Communications Commission eventually ordered the station to return to the air by April 11, 1966 or lose the construction permit. Outside investment was sought and the station briefly returned with Ernest Moody (a Tulsa jeweler) holding 65% and Claude Hill (owner of KOCW-FM) a 25% interest; Beck retained the last 10%. Programming was primarily movies and syndicated programming, the traditional fare of small independent stations.
In 1980, a new station was established in Tulsa on Channel 23; KOKI 23 would ultimately affiliate with Fox, a fourth network which was founded in 1986 using many of the original DuMont Television Network stations.

</doc>
<doc id="20826329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826329" title="Calycadenia fremontii">
Calycadenia fremontii

Calycadenia fremontii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Frémont's western rosinweed (after John C. Frémont). It is native to northern California and Oregon, where it is a common member of the flora in several types of habitat in the mountains, foothills, and valleys. This annual plant is variable in appearance. It produces a rigid, erect, hairy stem reaching a top height anywhere between 10 centimeters and one meter. The leaves are linear in shape and arranged alternately along the stem, especially on the lower part. The largest is up to 8 centimeters long. The inflorescence bears one or more glandular flower heads, each with 2 to 6 three-lobed ray florets in shades of white to red to yellow, and up to 20 disc florets at the center. The fruit is an achene; achenes from the disc florets may have a pappus of scales.

</doc>
<doc id="20826331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826331" title="Haplogroup H5 (mtDNA)">
Haplogroup H5 (mtDNA)

In human mitochondrial genetics, Haplogroup H5 is a human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroup descended from Haplogroup H (mtDNA). H5 is defined by T16304C in the HVR1 region and 456 in the HVR2 region.
Tree.
This phylogenetic tree of haplogroup H5 subclades is drawn from Mannis van Oven, PhyloTree.
Origin.
H5 has been dated to around 11,500 BP (9500 BC). It appears to be most frequent and diverse in the Western Caucasus, so an origin there has been suggested, while its subclade H5a appears European. However samples of mtDNA with T16304C in the HVR1 region have been found in four individuals of around 6800 BC from the Pre-Pottery Neolithic B site of Tell Halula, Syria, suggesting that H5 may have arrived in the Caucasus with farmers from the Near East.
Distribution.
H5* is present at low levels (1%–3%) throughout the Near East. H5* is most frequent in the Caucasus, forming over 20% of the haplogroup H gene pool in Karatchaians-Balkarians and Georgians – people living in the immediate vicinity of the two sides of the High Caucasus. It does not appear to be present in Central Asia. In Europe estimated levels vary from a total absence in Volga-Uralic Finno-Ugrians to 8% in Slovaks and French. However the level generally averages around 5%.
Alzheimer's disease.
Mitochondria are key regulators of cell survival and death.
The most recent report about a possible link between Alzheimer's disease and mtDNA genotypes shows evidence for subhaplogroup H5 as a risk factor for late onset AD.
Subclade H5a.
The one known subclade of H5 is H5a, defined by T4336C in the control region, which has its own subclades of H5a1 and H5a2. H5a is thought to be around 7000–8000 years old, in other words the mutation T4336C probably occurred c. 5500 BC. It is fairly evenly distributed at low levels across Europe. The average in samples from Austria, Germany, Hungary, Macedonia
and Romania was 2.4%. Yet it is almost absent from the Caucasus and the Near East, suggesting a European origin. Although it was initially thought to have its highest level on the central European plain, more recent research has shown the highest levels in Iberia, the Balkans and Finno-Scandia. The British Isles was excluded from the latter study, but the former showed that H5a does occur there. 
Álvarez-Iglesias et al. observed a frequency peak for H5a in the Franco-Cantabrian region decreasing towards East Europe and commented that "This is compatible with a process of demographic repopulation of Europe after the LGM period centered in this climatic and geographic refuge." However such a scenario would be too early for the date of c. 5500 BC. calculated by Luísa Pereira, Martin Richards, Ana Goios, et al. So a later dissemination across Europe would appear more likely if the dating is correct.
Ancient DNA.
Studies of ancient DNA have found H5 in four individuals of around 6800 BC from the Pre-pottery Neolithic B site of Tell Halula, Syria. H5a has been found in a Tagar (800 BC–100 AD) man on the Russian steppe whose Y-DNA was R1a1a and in Margrethe, 11th century AD Queen of Denmark.
Subclade H5a1.
The subclade H5a1 is defined by the additional transition C15833T. It appears to occur fairly evenly across Europe at slightly lower levels than its parent. The population average in samples from Austria, Germany, Hungary, Macedonia and Romania was 1.8%. In very large sample of the population of the Austrian Tyrol, H5a1 was found in 2%, whereas H5a was found at 2.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="20826332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826332" title="Pudo">
Pudo

Pudo is a town in Upper West Region in northern Ghana near the border with Burkina Faso.
Mining.
In historical times, the Pudo area has been a significant source of ironware.
Pudo is near significant unexploited iron ore deposits.

</doc>
<doc id="20826339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826339" title="Milt Galatzer">
Milt Galatzer

Milton Galatzer (May 4, 1907 – January 29, 1976) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played professionally for the Cleveland Indians and the Cincinnati Reds.
Early life.
Galatzer was the middle of three children born to Harry and Ida (née Mishunsnik) Galatzer. His older brother was Barney, who was born in Russia before the family immigrated, and his younger sister, Min, like Milt, was born in Chicago. All three children were renamed by their Irish kindergarten teacher, who "Americanized" their Hebrew names.
Galatzer grew up in what was then a Jewish neighborhood around Roosevelt Road and Maxwell St, and played sandlot baseball. He graduated from Crane High School (Chicago) in Chicago.
Professional career.
Galatzer played in his first MLB game on June 25, 1933 with the Cleveland Indians. He played in the major league for five seasons, playing with the Cleveland Indians from 1933 until 1936 and the Cincinnati Reds from in 1939.
After MLB.
After his major league career, Milt served in the U.S. Army during World War II. He returned to Chicago after his service, spending most of the rest of his life living in Chicago. He moved to California to live with his sister Min until his death two years later. Galatzer never married and had no children.
Death.
Galatzer died on January 29, 1976 in San Francisco, California. He is interred at Ridge Lawn Cemetery in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="20826348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826348" title="Definitive Collection (Electric Light Orchestra album)">
Definitive Collection (Electric Light Orchestra album)

Definitive Collection is a compilation album recorded by the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) and produced by Jeff Lynne. It was released on 13 April 1999 with two discs. Some of the songs include their album versions like "Strange Magic" and "Shine a Little Love", and some tracks include edits seen below.
Compilation edits.
Many edits are featured in this album. "Can't Get It Out of My Head" has a small portion of "Eldorado Overture" left off on it, "Above the Clouds" is connected with "Livin' Thing" and is not credited on the track listing, "So Fine" leaves a portion of the fade into "Rockaria!", "Turn to Stone" does not include the full fade in of the synthesizer and guitars, part of the tuning radio on "Mr. Blue Sky" is gone, "Twilight" has a fade in from the previous track (on the "Time" album), "Prologue", the end of "Twilight" and the intro of "Rock 'n' Roll Is King" are transited, and "Secret Messages" has no fade in and goes straight to the backmasking lyrics.
Cover.
The front cover of the "Definitive Collection" is a collage of many different past ELO covers such as, "Face the Music", "A New World Record", "Out of the Blue", one of the pictures in the booklet of "Balance of Power", and mostly "Secret Messages".
Track listing.
All tracks written and produced by Jeff Lynne.

</doc>
<doc id="20826379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826379" title="Jackie Gallagher (baseball)">
Jackie Gallagher (baseball)

John Laurence Gallagher (January 28, 1902 – September 10, 1984) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Cleveland Indians for one season. He played for one game during the 1923 Cleveland Indians season on August 24, 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20826392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826392" title="Karyotin">
Karyotin

Karyotin is described as being the sustainable, reticular, material of the cell nucleus. It is made up of eukaryotic cells and prokaryotic cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20826404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826404" title="Cliff Burge">
Cliff Burge

Clifford Charles "Cliff" Burge (27 April 1892 – 14 August 1918) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in action in World War I in France.

</doc>
<doc id="20826409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826409" title="Alfred Hind">
Alfred Hind

Alfred Ernest Hind (7 April 1878 – 21 March 1947) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket for Cambridge University and represented England at rugby union.
Personal history.
Hind was born in Preston, Lancashire in 1878. He was educated at Uppingham School before entering Trinity Hall, Cambridge in 1897. He gained four sporting Blues in athletics between 1898 and 1901 and ran the 100 yards in 9.8 seconds on teo occasions. He gained a further Blue with the rugby team in 1900. On leaving university be became a solicitor.
Cricket career.
A right arm medium pace bowler and handy lower order batsman, Hind played most of his cricket for Cambridge but also appeared in a first-class match for Nottinghamshire. That match came in the 1901 County Championship, against Leicestershire at Aylestone Road, but in a low scoring encounter but wasn't called on to bowl by his captain Arthur Jones. The previous year he had played a three-day match for Nottinghamshire against the touring West Indians and made what would have been his highest score of 60 except the match wasn't awarded first-class status.
Hind's first year at Cambridge University Cricket Club was his best, claiming 35 wickets at 17.91 in 1898. He took his career best figures of 7 for 30 on debut, in a University Match against CI Thornton's England XI and despite him taking a further two wickets in the second innings they still lost the match. Perhaps the biggest name out of his 80 first-class victims was the great W.G. Grace, whom Hind dismissed when the England Test cricketer was playing for the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1900.
Rugby career.
Hind had a long and distinguished rugby career, first representing Cambridge University while a student. He played in the Varsity Match of 1900 and on leaving he joined Leicester. The first of Hind's two England rugby union caps was a Test in 1905 against New Zealand. The other came the following year when he played against Wales in a Home Nations encounter. In 1903 he toured South Africa with the British Isles and he played his club rugby at Nottingham, mostly as a winger.

</doc>
<doc id="20826425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826425" title="Shorty Gallagher">
Shorty Gallagher

Charles William "Shorty" Gallagher (April 30, 1872 – June 23, 1924) was a Major League Baseball who played for one season. He played two games for the Cleveland Bluebirds during the 1901 Cleveland Bluebirds season.

</doc>
<doc id="20826426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826426" title="List of language acquisition researchers">
List of language acquisition researchers

Below are some notable researchers in language acquisition listed by intellectual orientation and research topic.
Nativists
Empiricists
Generative Language Acquisition
Second language acquisition researchers

</doc>
<doc id="20826429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826429" title="Devon Falls">
Devon Falls

Devon Falls is a waterfall in Sri Lanka, situated 6 km west of Talawakele, Nuwara Eliya District on A7 highway. The falls is named after a pioneer English coffee planter called Devon, whose plantation is situated nearby the falls. The Waterfall is 97 metres high and ranked 19th highest in the Island.
The Falls formed by Kothmale Oya, a tributary of Mahaweli River. Altitude of Devon falls is 1,140m above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20826433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826433" title="World Hip Hop Dance Championship">
World Hip Hop Dance Championship

The World Hip Hop Dance Championship is an international hip-hop dance competition created in 2002 by Hip Hop International. Countries that have participated in the past are Italy, Mexico, France, Japan, Switzerland, Morocco, Philippines, United Kingdom, China, Canada, Germany, Australia, Ireland, Malaysia, India, Colombia, South Africa, Nigeria, New Zealand, Denmark, Spain, Russia, Portugal, Netherlands, Argentina, Brazil, Trinidad and Tobago, Poland, Uruguay, Thailand and the United States of America. There are four sections of competition: hip-hop for adult, varsity (ages 12–18), and junior (ages 7–12) crews, popping for solo dancers, locking for solo dancers, and breaking for adult crews.

</doc>
<doc id="20826437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826437" title="Montcalm, Quebec">
Montcalm, Quebec

Montcalm is a municipality in the Les Laurentides Regional County Municipality of Quebec southeast of Mont-Tremblant. The main population centre in Montcalm is the village of Weir.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents: 308 (total dwellings: 663)
Mother tongue:
Weir.
Weir () is an unincorporated village in Montcalm, accessible via Quebec Route 364. It is home to a satellite earth station for VSNL International Canada.
Weir is named after William Alexander Weir (1858-1929), a Quebec politician and judge.

</doc>
<doc id="20826444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826444" title="Dimya">
Dimya

Dimya is a genus of very small clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Dimyidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20826449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826449" title="Men's World Day">
Men's World Day

Men's World Day was observed in Austria in the first week of November annually in the years 2000–2004. It was conceived by author George Kindel and inaugurated in November 2000. A central motivation for Kindel was his understanding that "the testosterone influenced brain of men" is the main reason for men's violent nature, and why he also believed that women would never be capable of violence and brutality. Due to the male propensity for violence Kindel proposed that Men's World Day not be conceived as a day to celebrate men but rather a day of introspection and self-criticism. He also wanted to show that there are some males who have had a positive, nonviolent influence on our world and to award them as role models.
Mikhail Gorbachev offered to act as co-founder and president of the event after an invitation by Kindel who had described it to him as a 'men's health' initiative. Men's World Day consisted primarily of a world awards event to recognise and honour men who exemplify the best attributes of mankind. Men recognized and awarded at this event include Michael Douglas, Morgan Freeman, Plácido Domingo, Christopher Reeve, the Bee Gees, Yusuf Islam aka Cat Stevens, Sir Paul McCartney, Sir Richard Branson, Steven Spielberg, Luciano Pavarotti, Christian Barnard and Ted Turner.
Men's World Day has been promoted as a world event but has not been officially celebrated by any other countries except Austria, and Germany in 2003 It was recognized by the United Nations in Vienna and by the Gorbachev Foundation who jointly organized the annual event for four years before it was terminated and replaced with a new gender neutral celebration. 
Due to the perceived inequity of having a day devoted to honouring males alone, the 'Men's World Day' event was terminated and replaced with a new gender neutral event named 'The World Awards' which now permanently includes the honouring and awarding of women. The World Awards continues to be held in Austria and consists of two awards events; the primary event is now the Women's World Awards, which honours women exclusively and has become the world's most important honors for women, annually reaching more than 500 million people around the globe via television, print media, radio and the Internet. The 2009 Women's World Awards television special was broadcast in 51 countries of the world, more than 400 journalists, photographers and 31 TV teams from around the globe. The second event is the Save The World Awards which recognizes and awards equal numbers of women and men who have contributed to a sustainable, green and livable future for our planet and its people. Women who have received awards at the Women's World Awards include Monica Bellucci for acting, Anastacia for singing, Bar Refaeli for style, Angela Missoni for fashion, Kelly Clarkson for entertainment, Esther Mujawayo-Keiner for social activities, Elle Macpherson for her modelling career, and Oprah Winfrey. The World Awards emphasises that the 20th century was marked by many outstanding women who also strived for equality, freedom and who all stood for peace and tolerance as well as civil rights. Due to their contributions the general situation for women and society at large has continually improved. Yet, there is still a long way to go because discrimination and violence, say organizers, regrettably remain part of the day-to-day reality of women – at the workplace, in every day life, and that many are still considered "second class citizens" with no rights at all, a reality that provides the backdrop for the need to highlight women's achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="20826462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826462" title="Bally, Bally-Jagachha">
Bally, Bally-Jagachha

Bally () is a census town in Howrah Sadar subdivision of Howrah district in the Indian state of West Bengal. 
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Bally had a population of 92,906, out of which 49,414 were males and 43,492 were females. Bally has an average literacy rate of 79%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 84%, and female literacy is 75%. In Bally, 9% of the population is under 6 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="20826483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826483" title="Kanpur Central railway station">
Kanpur Central railway station

Kanpur Central (Hindi: कानपुर सेंट्रल, Urdu:کانپور مرکزی ) is one
rail and commuter rail station in city of Kanpur. The Kanpur 
Central Railway Station is situated on the Howrah - Delhi broad gauge 
route passing through Uttar Pradesh.
Kanpur Central railway station holds the record for the largest route 
interlocking system in the world i.e. 48 similar to New Delhi Railway 
station.Kanpur Central is busiest station of North Central Railways as 
the station records a traffic of more than 1.5 lakh passengers and more 
than 280 trains passing through here on a daily basis.
Erstwhile Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee had included Kanpur Central 
in '50 World-Class Railway Stations' in her budget. After figuring on 
the list of those railway stations that have to be made world-class, the
place in phases.
Though the re-modelling of the Kanpur Central began a long time back, it
direction is going on at snail's pace but senior NCR officials are 
hopeful of keeping their promise of giving a new, improved look to the 
Kanpur Central in the days to 
come.
The
1928, 
though the imposing building was completed in 1930. This building's 
construction is inspired by Lucknow's magnificent Charbagh NR railway 
station building which was built by British in 1914 but could not be 
constructed similar to Charbagh because it needed a huge amount of 
money.
Deputy chief traffic manager Shivendra Shukla informed that the pending 
work at the railway overbridge (presently under construction in Cantt) 
will be taken up speedily.
To facilitate passengers, especially the old ones, two escalators are 
likely to be installed. According to the proposed plan, all railway 
quarters on the city side will be dismantled, giving room to a large 
circulating area.
Three-layered underground parking for vehicles, which is not available 
at any other railway stations of the NCR division, has also been 
proposed. The entry and exit points on the city side will be made 
separate to ensure smooth traffic flow in and out of the station 
premises. Entry point for the vehicles will remain the same but a 
separate exit route—probably opening at Ghantaghar flyover—is also 
proposed. This will ensure hassle-free driving for passengers coming in 
and moving out of the station.
Major Features.
There are 2 foot-over bridges one called as Howrah Bridge and other 
named as Delhi bridge. Also the station has one underpass route 
connecting all the railway platforms.Since the station is enlisted in 
International Railway station there will be escalators in Kanpur Central
Massive improvement in the lighting work has been taken up. More 
lighting has been provided in the sub-way have been which connects 
different platforms. Also the tube lights in the sub-way have been 
connected with inverter to ensure that there is power at the time of 
power roasting as well. This will also provide safety to the passengers 
while using the sub-way to reach a particular platform. New LED neon 
sign boards with station's name embedded on it are being procured and 
will be installed on both sides of the railway station soon. Proposal 
has been sent to provide facade lighting in order to give station 
building a beautiful look during the night hours.
For tackling the water crisis, round the clock water monitoring cell has
departments viz mechanical, civil and electrical are manning the 
platforms to ensure that there is a regular water supply at the 
platforms and also the water is available in the water tanks of various 
trains. The grievance cell has been made available to the passengers for
drinking water. The maintenance of the existing retiring room and 
dormitories would be taken up in the next phase. Also, a new platform 
surface has been made at the platform number one as cracks had developed
The passenger facilitation center would provide the passengers with all 
the necessary help from our railway staff under one roof only like train
handicapped passengers, sale of railway time-table and the platforms 
tickets. Also, all railway announcements would be made from there only. 
The central railway station will also have passenger amenity center in 
which the waiting hall and waiting room, booking office, passenger 
facilitation center, cloak room, luggage and parcel booking office etc. 
will be there on platform only
Keeping in view the ongoing beautification drive at the Kanpur Central 
railway station, the railway authorities have launched its token system 
for passengers. The token reservation system enables the passenger to 
curtail on the long hours of wait for getting the reservation done.
Four new electronic coach induction units at the platform number one of 
the Kanpur Central railway station, so that it becomes easy for the 
passengers to identify their coach when the train halts. The 
installation of the coach induction units is indeed a part of the 
ongoing beautification drive at the Kanpur railway station.
Passenger movement.
Kanpur Central is amongst the top hundred booking stations of Indian 
Railway.
Kanpur Central handles around 597,000 passengers 
everyday.
Rajdhani at Glance at Kanpur Central.
10 pairs of Rajdhani Express at Kanpur Central.
Garib Rath at Glance at Kanpur Central.
6 pairs of Garib Rath Express at Kanpur Central.
External links.
Central]

</doc>
<doc id="20826489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826489" title="Arthur Caldwell (Australian footballer)">
Arthur Caldwell (Australian footballer)

Arthur E. Caldwell (23 February 1886 – 26 July 1915) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He died in a military hospital in Malta, after being severely injured at Gallipoli.
He is the brother of the South Melbourne footballer Jim Caldwell.

</doc>
<doc id="20826504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826504" title="Architecture of the Republic of Macedonia">
Architecture of the Republic of Macedonia

Architecture of the Republic of Macedonia refers to architecture ever practised on the territory of present-day Republic of Macedonia. 
The several groups of people that have settled or controlled today's Republic of Macedonia have influenced the country in many ways; one of the most visible being architecture. These groups of people include the Paionians, Illyrians, Ancient Macedonians, Romans, Byzantines, Bulgarians, Serbs and the Ottomans.
Early architecture.
Megaliths.
The earliest example of architectural activity in Macedonia date from the Neolithic and consist of structures associated with Megalith culture. Kokino is the fourth oldest megalithic observatory in the world. The site consists of rocks crafted in a way that lets one observe celestial objects.
The architecture of Ancient Macedonia.
Remnants of the architecture from the times of the ancient Macedonian Kingdom are scattered throughout the Republic of Macedonia, especially in the south of the former territory of Macedon
Heraclea Lyncestis, founded in the middle of the 4th century BC, was an important strategical town as it bordered Epirus to the west and the Paeonian kingdoms to the north. Roman architecture dominates the site today because of the level of the excavations which are exposing the layers from the Roman times
The Antique Theatre in present-day Ohrid was built during the 1st century BC. It was part of the ancient town of Lychnidos. It is reconstructed and in use today. Its location between two hills that surround it keep it protected from winds that could interfere with acoustics during performances.
Roman architecture.
Roman architecture is scattered throughout the country. Skopje is home to a few examples of this type of architecture. One is the Skopje Aqueduct, the only aqueduct in Macedonia. It consists of 55 stone arches. Another example is Scupi. Although not much remains of this archaeological site, burial grounds and a theatre are somewhat visible.
Although it was founded by the Ancient Macedonians, most of the remains of Heraclea Lyncestis are from Roman occupation. These remains include a portico and a large theatre.
Other examples of Roman architecture in the Republic of Macedonia includes the many Roman ruins in and around the town of Strumica. One of the largest is a well-preserved Roman therma, built during Late Antiquity.
Byzantine architecture.
Byzantine architecture is one of the most prominent forms of architecture in the Republic of Macedonia. It is mostly seen in churches and monasteries, such Treskavec monastery near Prilep.
Ottoman architecture.
The Ottomans controlled the land of present-day Macedonia for about five centuries. They left their mark with the many mosques and other Islamic buildings they constructed. 
Ottoman architecture is predominant in some parts of Skopje, especially the city's old town. Mustapha Pasha Mosque is one of the most famous Ottoman buildings in Macedonia. Built in 1492, the mosque is square in shape and the diameter of the dome is 16 meters. The pillars of the porc hare decorated by stalactite decorations that are typical of Ottoman architecture.
Ottoman architecture can also been seen in Bitola and Tetovo.
Neoclassical architecture.
Although rare, neoclassical architecture cam be seen through the country. Every city contains at least one neoclassical or baroque building. Neoclassical architecture can be seen in Skopje, such as Ristiḱ Palace and in Bitola, especially in the Širok Sokak street which is filled with neoclassical and baroque architecture and a Gothic Catholic church.
Modern architecture.
Most of the modern buildings in Macedonia are located in central Skopje. One example is the MRT Center (the national TV broadcast station), which is the tallest building in the country, rising to (70 m).
Examples of modern architecture are also found in other cities, mainly Bitola and Gostivar.
Skopje 2014.
Skopje 2014 is a project first announced by the government in early 2010 that will foresee the construction several buildings, mostly in the neoclassical style which has drawn criticism from architects as being kitsch.

</doc>
<doc id="20826505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826505" title="Scott Medvin">
Scott Medvin

Scott Howard Medvin (born September 16, 1961) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1988–89) and Seattle Mariners (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="20826518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826518" title="Vermont Route 113">
Vermont Route 113

Vermont Route 113 is a state highway in eastern Vermont in the United States. It runs south and east from an intersection with Vermont Route 110 in Chelsea to the New Hampshire border in Thetford. VT 113 crosses the Connecticut River, becoming East Thetford Road, an unnumbered local road in the town of Lyme, New Hampshire which connects to New Hampshire Route 10.
Route description.
Route 113 begins in the west at an intersection with Route 110 in the town of Chelsea. Route 113 begins its eastward journey proceeding out of Chelsea, passing into and through the town of Vershire, serving the town center. The highway takes a turn to the south towards the town of Fairlee, where it intersects the western terminus of Route 244. Route 113 is signed as an east–west highway, but at this point is heading due south. It continues southward until crossing into the town of Thetford, where it begins to turn back to the east. Route 113 interchanges with Interstate 91 in the town, at Exit 14. The highway continues to the east, into the village of East Thetford, where it intersects U.S. Route 5 just west of the Connecticut River and the border with New Hampshire. Route 113 briefly overlaps US-5 (for about 30 yards), before turning east to cross the river. Route 113 ends at the bridge crossing, continuing as East Thetford Road in Lyme, New Hampshire, an unnumbered local road which intersects with NH-10 approximately to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="20826519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826519" title="Mary Turnbull">
Mary Turnbull

Constance Mary Turnbull (born 1927, February 9, England – d. 2008, September 5, England) was a historian lauded for her lifetime of literary research writing contributing to the documentation of Asian history, and for her documentary work on the history of Singapore. Her expertise on Singapore history and citations from her book "The Straits Settlements" was instrumental to the case presented by the Singapore legal team to the International Court of Justice, in claiming sovereignty over Pedra Branca in 2008. (See Sovereignty over Pedra Branca/Pulau Batu Puteh, Middle Rocks and South Ledge (Malaysia v. Singapore)).
Mary was born the only child to a native farm-owner father and a schoolteacher mother from the Isle of Man, in a farm not far from Wooler, Northumberland. In the 1920s Coventry grew to be the center of UK motor industry, and her family migrated to the thriving city when her father decided to give up farming for a more lucrative career in motorcar engineering. Throughout her childhood Mary led a happy but simple life despite having to live with different relatives during the Great Depression and during the German air raids in World War II.
On leaving University, she worked for ICI in what would now be termed the Human Resources department but, looking for a more adventurous life, she joined the Malayan Civil Service, the first female administrative officer to be recruited to the Service, and one of only two women who would ever work in that capacity for the colonial authorities. She later joined the University of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur, but on her marriage to Leonard Rayner in 1962, moved to Singapore. Here she was a member of the History Department until 1971 when she moved to Hong Kong to take up a post as Lecturer at the University's History Department.
In 1988 Mary retired from her position as Head of the History Department at Hong Kong University. She continued to write, and travel around Britain and New Zealand and on occasions, to Singapore and Malaysia for visits. In the 1990s she was commissioned by The Straits Times to compile the history of the Singapore newspaper company and in 1995, "Dateline Singapore: 150 Years Of The Straits Times" that resulted from nearly 3 years' of work, was launched to inaugurate the 150th anniversary of the founding of the newspaper title.
Mary died on the afternoon of September 5, 2008 of a ruptured aorta, just 5 hours after discovering the condition in a routine check-up. She had also been working on writing the third edition of "A History of Singapore" prior to the time of her death.

</doc>
<doc id="20826529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826529" title="Crematogaster ashmeadi">
Crematogaster ashmeadi

Crematogaster ashmeadi, commonly known as the acrobat ant, is an arboreal ant widespread in the Southeastern United States. It nests and forages almost exclusively above ground level, often found in treetops and on lianas. It is one of eleven species in the genus "Crematogaster" that is native to eastern North America. It is the most dominant arboreal ant in the pine forests of the coastal plains of northern Florida. Colonies of these ants inhabit a majority of pine trees in the area, living in chambers in the outer bark of living trees that have been abandoned by bark-mining caterpillars, usually of the family Cossidae. "C. ashmeadi" does little to no excavation of its own, relying solely on chambers bored out by other insects.

</doc>
<doc id="20826533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826533" title="Dimya maoria">
Dimya maoria

Dimya maoria is a species of clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Dimyidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20826534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826534" title="MSrE M-19">
MSrE M-19

__NOTOC__
The MSrE M-19, also known as the Rubik R-02 after its designer Ernő Rubik, was a sport aircraft built in Hungary in 1937. Sándor Geönczy initially worked with Rubik on the project, but died before it was completed. The M-19 was a conventional, low-wing cantilever monoplane with a wing of elliptical planform and fixed, tailskid undercarriage. The pilot and passenger sat in tandem under a streamlined canopy that fully enclosed the cockpit, and the main wheels were covered with spats. When the design was finalised, Rubik's calculations were verified by the Aviation Institute in Warsaw and a single prototype contrstucted.
The M-19 was displayed at Budapest's annual International Fair in May 1937, but was involved in a tragedy shortly thereafter. On 1 July, on its second test flight, the aircraft rolled over, killing veteran pilot István Dobos. Rebuilt after the crash, the M-19 was flown for a few more years and participated in a number of international competitions. However, no series production was ever undertaken and the prototype was finally burned at the end of 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20826559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826559" title="List of computer occupations">
List of computer occupations

__NoTOC__
P.
Computer programmers write instructions in the form of programs that tell a computer what to do. Programming may be done for an individual application or for an entire system. A bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems or math can lead to a career as a computer programmer, according to StateUniversity.com, a career resources website. In addition to the degree, prospective programmers can make themselves more marketable by becoming certified in computer languages, such as XML or Java. The education of computer programmers continues throughout their careers as new computer languages emerge.
External links.
Bureau of Labor Statistics jobs list database in text

</doc>
<doc id="20826563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826563" title="Harry Collins (footballer)">
Harry Collins (footballer)

Harry Collins (1892–1918) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League. 
Collins was awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal for bravery, before being killed in action in World War I. 
His brothers, Goldie and Norm both played for Fitzroy.

</doc>
<doc id="20826568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826568" title="Mark Seidenberg">
Mark Seidenberg

Mark Seidenberg is Hilldale and Donald O. Hebb Professor of Psychology at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and a Senior Scientist at Haskins Laboratories. He is a specialist in psycholinguistics, focusing specifically on the cognitive and neurological bases of language and reading. Seidenberg received his Ph.D. from Columbia University under the mentorship of Thomas Bever and completed a postdoctoral fellowship at the Center for the Study of Reading at the University of Illinois. He has held academic positions at McGill University, the University of Southern California, and, currently, at the University of Wisconsin. Seidenberg has published over a hundred scientific articles and has been recently honored as one of the 250 most-cited researchers in the areas of psychology and psychiatry. Seidenberg is married to fellow psychologist Maryellen MacDonald and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20826572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826572" title="S. Somasundaram">
S. Somasundaram

Madurai S. Somasundaram (1919–1989) was a Carnatic music vocalist. He was popularly called Madurai Somu. He learnt music from Sesha Bhagavatar, Abhirama Sastri and Chittoor Subramanyam Pillai. He started his career by giving a concert in Tiruchendur in 1934.
He was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1976, the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1978 and the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani award by The Indian Fine Arts Society in 1983. Annamalai University conferred the Doctor of Law on him Honoris Causa.

</doc>
<doc id="20826597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826597" title="Chris Graham (American football)">
Chris Graham (American football)

Chris De'monte Graham (born on September 30, 1984 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was most recently a member of the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the New Orleans Saints as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Michigan.
Graham has also been a member of the Detroit Lions.
Graham was a member of the Pittsburgh Power of the Arena Football League.
Playing career.
High School
Chris played most of his high school football at Warren Central High School in Indianapolis. He was an all-state Linebacker in Indiana and led his team to a state championship while setting a record for number of tackles in a season (180). In his senior year he also recorded 19 TFL, 4 Sacks, 1 Int., and 1 Def. TD. He was a 4 star recruit and had offers from Tennessee, Michigan, Purdue, Indiana, and Kentucky.
College.
Chris held offers from numerous top D1 programs but ultimately chose to play his college ball at the University of Michigan under Lloyd Carr. He played alongside players such as David Harris (NYJ), Lamarr Woodley (PIT), Leon Hall (CIN), Jake Long (MIA), Chad Henne (MIA), and Braylon Edwards (NYJ). He played in games as a true freshman, and got his first start as a sophomore against Northern Illinois where he recorded 10 tackles including 2 TFL’s. Chris was a four-year letterman and appeared in 46 career games and made 20 starts at linebacker ... contributed 163 stops, 11 tackles for loss, one sack, two fumble recovery and six pass breakups during career. In his senior year he won the Roger Zarkoff Award as Michigan’s top linebacker. He was also received All-Big Ten Honorable Mention voted on by the Big Ten Media.
NFL.
Chris was projected to be drafted in the late rounds of the 2008 NFL Draft, however he went undrafted. Chris was then signed by the New Orleans Saints, but was eventually released. After trying out for 4 teams Chris was signed by the Detroit Lions. He was first signed to the practice squad and then made roster for the entire offseason but released before preseason. After being released from Lions Chris decided to return to the University of Michigan to finish his degree in General Studies. Chris was working on making a return to the NFL as a LB, FB, or Special Teams players.
GFL.
In 2010 Chris Graham was signed by the Braunschweig Lions of the German Football League.
AFL.
He signed with the Pittsburgh Power of the Arena Football League and played with them during the 2011 season.
CFL.
He left the Power and signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League and was placed on the Developmental Squad following training camp. Graham was placed on the active roster periodically during the 2011 CFL season, starting three games at MLB. He was projected as the starting middle linebacker for the 2012 season, but was released on June 17, 2012 after the Roughriders chose to use a non-import player at that position.

</doc>
<doc id="20826623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826623" title="Maryellen MacDonald">
Maryellen MacDonald

Maryellen MacDonald is Donald P. Hayes Professor of Psychology at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. She specializes in psycholinguistics, focusing specifically on the relationship between language comprehension and production and the role of working memory. MacDonald received a Ph.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1986. She is married to fellow psychologist Mark Seidenberg and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20826640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826640" title="Bushfires in Victoria">
Bushfires in Victoria

The state of Victoria in Australia has had a long history of catastrophic bushfires, the most recent of these, the Black Saturday bushfires claiming 173 lives. Legislation, planning, management and suppression are the responsibilities of the Victorian State Government through its departments and agencies including the Country Fire Authority (CFA) and the Department of Environment and Primary Industries (DEPI).
Fire districts.
Victoria is divided into nine fire districts as follows:
The districts were reconfigured together with weather forecast districts so that they share common alignments. The revised alignments follow Local Government Authority boundaries, except in Yarriambiack Shire. The new alignments came into effect on 3 November 2010. Total Fire Bans & Fire Danger Ratings maps reflect predictions of the relative danger of bushfire conditions in each district and are communicated to the general public through weather forecasts and the Country Fire Authority and Department of Environment and Primary Industries internet sites during the fire season. The ratings are Low-Moderate, High, Very High, Severe, Extreme and Code Red.
Fire management.
Suppression.
A number of agencies are responsible for bushfire suppression in Victoria - the Country Fire Authority (CFA) which is a state-wide volunteer-based organisation, the Department of Environment and Primary Industries (DPI) who are responsible for public land, covering one third of the state and the Metropolitan Fire Brigade (MFB), which covers the metropolitan area of Melbourne.
Bushfire warnings.
Once fires have started, the Country Fire Authority give graded warnings through various means to areas of settlements that may be affected by the fire. These warnings are distributed as messages detailing the status of the fire, its potential movements and give advice to residents in areas that may be affected. They are as follows:
Emergency Alert telephone warnings may be sent in extreme circumstances. Landlines in the emergency area receive voice messages and mobile phones (with a billing address in the emergency area) receive text messages. Emergency broadcasts are made on local ABC and commercial radio stations and Sky News television. Information can also be sought by telephone from the Victorian Bushfire Information Line. During an emergency, the Standard Emergency Warning Signal is played via television, radio and public address systems.
Current bushfire incidents and warnings are listed on the VicEmergency website launched in December 2013, Information is also available through the CFA's Twitter and Facebook sites as well as the FireReady app.
A 90-second siren at a CFA fire station indicates that CFA members are attending an emegency incident. A prolonged, 5-minute siren is targeted at the local community, indicating that there is an emergency in the area and further information should be sought.
Fuel-reduction burning.
Planned burning is carried out by the Department of Environment and Primary Industries at certain times of year to reduce fuel levels in parks and reserves throughout the state.
Planning.
Bushfire Management Overlays.
Bushfire Management Overlays are areas identified in planning schemes within each of the Local Government Areas of Victoria that are deemed to have high fire risk. These areas are subject to particular planning and building controls.
Vegetation removal.
Following the Black Saturday bushfires of 2009, interim measures were introduced by the State Government to permit vegetation removal in bushfire prone areas. The exemptions include removal of vegetation (including trees) within 10 metres of existing residences as well as all vegetation (excluding trees) within 30 metres. The measures expire on 1 March 2012.
Building standards.
The Victorian Government has adopted the residential building Australian Standard 3959-2009 to cover the location, design, construction of new dwellings in bushfire prone areas. The new standard includes consideration of Bushfire Attack Levels which are based on a number of factors including slope, proximity of vegetation and Fire Danger Index. New interim regulations have also been introduced for the construction of private bushfire shelters or bunkers.
Community Information Guides.
The CFA, in consultation with councils and stakeholder groups, have developed Community Information Guides for locations in Victoria that are deemed to be in high risk areas. These are mailed to residents and are available on the CFA website. The guides provide emergency contact details, a map and information on preparations, planned emergency service actions and bushfire survival options. Some of these guides include designated Neighbourhood Safer Places which are sanctuaries of "last resort" during a bushfire emergency.
Common causes.
Common causes of bushfire, figures for Victoria over a 20-year period. Lightning is the most common cause, igniting the highest number of bushfires, which subsequently account for nearly half of the area burnt by bushfires in the state. Deliberately lit fires are the next most common, although burn much less area than fires ignited by lightning. Public utilities, such as powerlines, ignite relatively few fires, but these subsequently burn similar area to that of deliberately lit fires.
Cigarettes, matches and such, ignite a fair few fires, mostly in and around urban areas, and thus burn small areas of land as they are attended to more easily in the more accessible terrain. Many fires are caused by many other less common ignition sources or have unknown causes.

</doc>
<doc id="20826668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826668" title="New Delta Review">
New Delta Review

The New Delta Review is a respected literary quarterly in the United States in print since 1984 and now with an online publication. The journal is published by Louisiana State University and has the second largest circulation of any literary publication in Louisiana.
Recent contributors include many of the leading voices in international literature: Jennifer L. Knox, Paul Muldoon, Helen Dunmore, Anne Carson, Diane Lockward, Kristjana Gunnars, Billy Collins, Julia Copus, Andrew Motion, Robert Pinsky, Stacey Richter, Andrei Codrescu, and George Singleton.
Work that has appeared in the New Delta Review has won the Pushcart Prize and been reprinted in New Stories from the South and Best American Poetry.
Masthead.
As of fall 2010, the editorial staff of the review is:

</doc>
<doc id="20826686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826686" title="John Gill (American football)">
John Gill (American football)

John Singh Gill (born October 28, 1986) is an American football defensive tackle. He was signed by the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Northwestern, and high school football at Bellarmine College Prep.
Gill has also played for the Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="20826696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826696" title="Kalia, Faranah">
Kalia, Faranah

Kalia is one of two towns in Guinea with this name. This is the one in Faranah Prefecture. It is east of the capital Conakry near Faranah and near to the border with Sierra Leone.
Namesake.
The namesake town in Kalia, Gaoual, Guinea.
Mining.
There are iron ore deposits nearby. The exploration company is Bellzone.
The port would be at Matakong.
A heavy duty standard gauge common user railway, shared with amongst others the Simandou (South) mine and Faranah mines, would be built. The loaded trains will weigh about 20,000 t and there will also be fuel and container trains.

</doc>
<doc id="20826706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826706" title="Alan Cordner">
Alan Cordner

Joseph Alan Cordner (6 May 1890 – 25 April 1915) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
He was killed at Cape Helles in Turkey during the initial invasion of the Gallipoli peninsula by the forces of the First AIF (Australian Imperial Force) on 25 April 1915.
Family.
The son of Isaiah Joseph Cordner (1860-1934), a bank manager, and Jessie Cordner (1865-1901), née Walker, he was born at on 6 May 1890 at Bridgewater On Loddon, Victoria. His father remarried Mabel Emilie McKay (1860-1969) in 1902. He had one full brother, Edward Clement Cordner (1892-1943), three half-brothers and one half-sister.
He attended the Hamilton and Western District Boys' College from 1902 to 1906, and was a prefect in 1905 and school captain in 1906.
Footballer.
As a schoolboy he was renowned for his long drop-kicks and his very strong marks.
Recruited from Warrnambool, he played his first senior VFL match, aged 21, for Geelong, against Carlton, at Princes Park, on Saturday, 19 August 1911 (round sixteen). He was given the single game to gauge his prospects for the 1912 season; he played well for Geelong in a high standard match, which Carlton won in the last quarter.
Although he played well in Geelong's first match of the season, he was not selected again until the match against University on 8 June 1912 (round eight). On a very windy day, with a bad football (it had been over-inflated), and in a very low standard game, which Geelong eventually won by 37 points, 8.15 (63) to 3.8 (26), he was not amongst Geelong's best players.
Cleared from Geelong to Collingwood on 9 April 1913, he played his first senior game for Collingwood, at Victoria Park, against Carlton, on 17 May 1913 (round four); he played well, in the backline, in a Collingwood team that won a hard-fought match by six points. In 1913 he played a total of ten senior games (of a possible nineteen) for Collingwood, including its Semi-Final 37 point loss to Fitzroy on 13 September 1913. He injured his collar-bone during the match, which was played in the rain, on a very wet and muddy ground. He remained on the field of play once injured, but was of little use.
His half brother Laurence Osmaston "Larry" Cordner (1911–1992), and two of his cousins, Dr. Henry "Harry" Cordner (1885-1943) and Dr. Edward Rae "Ted" Cordner (1887-1963), also played senior VFL football. Dr "Ted" was the father of the Don Cordner, Dennis Cordner, Ted Cordner and John Cordner who all played for Melbourne in the 1940s.
Soldier.
In 1914 he was working as a clerk, but he enlisted in Melbourne on 22 August 1914; the same day that he played his last match for Collingwood. He was the first Collingwood footballer to enlist. He served as a private in B Company of the 6th Battalion, First AIF, and embarked on 19 October 1914, aboard HMAT "Hororata", for service overseas.
His brother, Sergeant Edward Clement Cordner (89), enlsted on 18 May 1914, serving in the 13 Light Horse. His cousin, Captain Edward Rae "Ted" Cordner, served as a medical officer in the 6th Field Ambulance. His other cousin, Dr. Henry "Harry" Cordner, overseas at the time that war broke out, was commissioned as an officer in the Royal Army Medical Corps, and served in France.
Death.
He died on 25 April 1915, shot some four miles inland, after being cut-off by the Turks and becoming separated from his Battalion at Cape Helles, the rocky headland at the southwesternmost tip of the Gallipoli peninsula.
His body was never recovered. He was initially posted as "wounded" (in April 1915); following a fruitless search of the relevant hospitals, he was posted as "wounded and missing" (in October 1915). He was not officially declared to have been "killed in action" until after some twelve months of investigation had been conducted by the Red Cross.
In an apparent act of kindness, the final declaration of his death was conveyed to his mother and father by the Reverend Thomas Pearse Bennett, the vicar of Christ Church, Warrnambool. Pearse, who was also an Anglican military chaplain, had received the news by wire, that Cordner had been declared "killed in action", along with "expressions of sympathy with the deceased's parents from the King and Government", and took the news immediately to Cordner's parents at the Warrnambool National Bank.
Remembered.
He is commemorated at the Lone Pine Memorial, on the Gallipoli Peninsula; his name is located at panel 46 in the Commemorative Area of the Australian War Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="20826713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826713" title="WNZF">
WNZF

WNZF is a news-talk radio station, licensed to Bunnell, the county seat of Flagler County in Northeast Florida, which signed on August 18, 2008. The call sign stands for "News-Flagler." It is rebroadcast on FM translator W292DE on 106.3 MHz. 
The station airs a local morning show, "Wake Up Flagler", weekdays from 7-9:00, and a live discussion show, "Open Line at 9", from 9-10:00 as well as Flagler Palm Coast High School football. WNZF is an affiliate of the ABC Radio Network. It also broadcasts programs featuring Laura Ingraham, Glenn Beck, Sean Hannity, Mark Levin, Dave Ramsey, and Fox Sports.
WNZF is licensed to Flagler County Broadcasting, LLC, which is owned by James Martin and Gary Smithwick. Martin has owned and operated more than 20 radio stations. Smithwick is a Washington communications attorney who has participated in ownership of five radio stations in Florida with Martin. Smithwick was also president and part owner of a television station.
WNZF was the first commercial radio station licensed to serve Flagler County. Flagler County Broadcasting, LLC, also owns FM Station WBHQ-Beverly Beach, Florida, which is broadcast on 92.7 MHz. WNZF and WBHQ operate from the same studio complex in Bunnell. WNZF is also broadcast on WBHQ-HD2. On May 23, 2012, Flagler County Broadcasting acquired the construction permit for WPLC(FM), 98.7 MHz, Palm Coast, Florida, from Joyner Radio, Inc. On May 25, 2012, the FCC granted Flagler County Broadcasting a construction permit to locate the station's transmitter at the same site where WBHQ is located. This permits both stations to remain operational in the event of a weather emergency, as the transmitter site is equipped with a backup generator. 98.7 began operation as WAKZ on August 1, 2012, with a country music format.
Translator.
W292DE is an FM repeater that serves as WNZF's FM signal, whose signal serves Bunnell and most of Flagler County. The repeater's license was first issued as W292DE to Radio Assist Ministry on September 7, 2004, with its city of license in Pierson. On August 31, 2007, the callsign was changed to W293BF as then-owner Reach Communications was approved to move the station to 106.5 MHz. It reverted to its old callsign and frequency on May 15, 2008 when it moved back to 106.3 MHz. Five days later, its community of license changed from Pierson to Bunnell.
History.
The station signed on August 18, 2008. Prior to that, it was a construction permit issued to Flag Radio carrying the call WAYI followed by the current WNZF after its sale to Flagler County Broadcasting, LLC. WNZF's application for program test authority was granted on August 18, 2008. Its license to cover was granted on November 10, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20826731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826731" title="Spawn/Batman">
Spawn/Batman

Spawn/Batman is a 1994 one-shot comic book written by Frank Miller with art by Todd McFarlane and published jointly by DC Comics and Image Comics. The comic is an intercompany crossover between Batman and Spawn.
Plot summary.
Batman comes to New York City in his search for an arsenal of high-tech weapons and robots that use decapitated human heads as their brains. Antagonistic, confrontational and suspicious of each other, Spawn and Batman engage in violent battles before realizing they are both after the same villain. Grudgingly, they decide to work together. The person they seek has been kidnapping and decapitating the homeless for use in the robots, but that’s only part of the plan: There is also a nuclear arsenal ready to be deployed.
Continuity.
A note inside the front cover states that the one-shot is "a companion piece to DC Comics' "The Dark Knight Returns". It does not represent current DC Comics continuity." Though the crossover has never been a part of the ongoing Spawn continuity either, it is a commonly held belief that the scar appearing on Spawn's face at the beginning of Spawn #21 is the same wound inflicted by Batman with a carefully thrown Batarang at the closing of the crossover, which is upheld by Spawn's remark in that very same issue that the scar was a result of his run in with "some bozo in black." However, through some slight retcon, specifically with the non-chronological release of issues Spawn #19 and #20, the "bozo in black" in question is actually revealed/changed to be Harry Houdini, and the scar in question is the result of gunfire that Spawn suffered while protecting Terry Fitzgerald.
"Batman-Spawn:War Devil".
Another meeting of the two characters was "Batman-Spawn:War Devil" published by DC. It was written by Doug Moench, Chuck Dixon, and Alan Grant and drawn by Klaus Janson.

</doc>
<doc id="20826742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826742" title="Will Beatty">
Will Beatty

William Keith Beatty (born March 2, 1985 in York, Pennsylvania) is an American football offensive tackle for the New York Giants of the National Football League. He is currently the starting Left Tackle. He was drafted by the Giants in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Connecticut.
Professional career.
Pre-Draft.
Will participated in the 2009 NFL Combine in Indianapolis. He wore the OL2 jersey. He was a top performer in the 40yd Dash, the Vertical Jump, the Broad Jump, and the 3 Cone Drill. Will did 27 reps of 225 lbs at the Combine, but elected to re-do the Bench at the UCONN Pro-Day, where he did 30 reps of 225 lbs.
Draft.
He was drafted with the 28th pick of the second round (#60 overall) by the New York Giants in the 2009 NFL draft. On July 30, 2009, the Giants announced that they had signed Beatty to a 4-year contract worth $2.67 million.
Rookie Season 2009.
In his rookie season, Will played in all 16 games. He began the season as a special teams player and situational tight end when the Giants wanted to use an extra blocking tight end. Will started 4 games in his rookie campaign at Right Tackle, replacing the injured Kareem Mackenzie. His first career start came against the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday Night Football on NBC on October 25, 2009. This ended the current streak of 38 consecutive starts by the offensive line unit. Not until the final 3 games of the regular season did Will get the opportunity to start again as Mackenzie went down with another injury. Will started against the Washington Redskins on Monday Night Football on December 21, 2009; the Carolina Panthers on December 27, 2009; and the Minnesota Vikings on January 3, 2010. In all of the final 3 games Will went up against premier defensive ends including Washington's Brian Orakpo, Carolina's Julius Peppers, and Minnesota's Jared Allen. The Giants failed to make the playoffs in 2009 despite winning their first 5 games of the year.
2010 Season.
The 2010 offseason had much speculation about WIll becoming the starting left tackle. While all of those rumors flew around Will began the regular season as an extra tight end and special teams contributor. In the first game of the 2010 season, Will suffered a foot injury that would sideline him for 8 weeks. He was able to return in full strength and ended up starting 2 games at Left Tackle for the injured David Diehl. During this season, Will did not give up any sacks. He defines his role with the Giants succinctly: "Keeping Eli clean is my job."
2011 Season.
During the lockout of the 2011 offseason, Will gained 19 pounds and reported to camp at 319 pounds. Upon arriving to camp, Will was immediately named the starting Left Tackle with the subsequent releasing of veteran offensive linemen Shaun O'Hara and Rich Seubert. In the first preseason game against rookie Cam Newton and the Carolina Panthers, Will did not give up any sacks. Will gained national media attention in the week following the game for his tough practicing against Jason Pierre-Paul, who had 2 sacks in the Carolina Preseason game and veteran Osi Umenyiora. Will wrote on his Twitter page, "Today I showed a vet, Osi Umenyiora #NYG how much I have grown and prepared this off season. I'm glad to have the opportunity to practice my skill on a great pass rusher in the NFL." The following day he added, "We had open practice today and all I can say is, if you missed practice you missed a good show." This smack-talking was well received by Giants fans who originally thought that Beatty was too soft and mild-mannered to play in the NFL. Will started the first 10 games at Left Tackle for the Giants in 2011.
Detached Retina.
On November 23 he discovered that he had a detached retina after playing the Philadelphia Eagles. Will said he could not even see his nose when he looked down. Will had emergency surgery the next day on Thanksgiving Day in New York City to fix the issue. He missed the Monday Night Football game (loss) against the New Orleans Saints. While his eye has been 100% fully reattached, he would not be ready for full contact this season. He was placed on the injured reserve on November 30 with the Giants record being 6-5. The Giants went on to win the Super Bowl this season.
Offseason.
During the offseason, during a lifting session, William disrupted the sciatic nerve in his back. The nerve injury sidelined Will from OTA's.
2012 Season.
While allowing the Sciatic nerve to fully heal, Will was forced to sit out the majority of the pre-season. When he did practice at the University of Albany, he worked with the 1's and 2's, and also took extra reps with Osi Umenyoria. 
Since WIll had the detached retina the previous season, he was approved for a new helmet, with a shaded visor and a 5 bar facemask. The helmet is in similar style to Chris Canty, and Justin Tuck.
Will was declared "healed" by the medical staff prior to week 1 of the regular season, but in attempt to ease Will back into the flow of the game, the coaching staff used Will as a 3rd TE in their jumbo package against the Cowboys. Veteran tackle Sean Locklear got the start for Will in the season opener. The Giants lost to the Cowboys.
In the second game of the season against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Locklear also got the start over Beatty. Will started the game as the 3rd TE in the jumbo package. In the first half of the game, Eli Manning threw a red zone pass just behind a wide open Will, who missed the catch. Will poked fun at himself on his Twitter page, "I had a moment to show the world how versatile O Line men can be... Sorry fellows for not finishing the play." He also include a video of the missed catch on his page. Also during the 1st half, RT David Diehl went down with a knee injury. Locklear then moved to RT, and Will moved into the LT spot. Will's run blocking and pass protection were very good. He and the rest of the offensive line worked cohesively to protect Eli Manning while he manufactured a fourth quarter comeback for the ages. 
The third game of the season was a Thursday Night game against Cam Newton and the Carolina Panthers. Will started the game at LT. The offensive line blocked extremely well in pass protection and run blocking. 4th year RB Andre Brown, in his first career start, ran for 113 yards and 2 TD's, both behind Will on the left side. This game was arguably Will's finest game as a pro to date.
Will started the remaining games of the 2012 season at Left Tackle for the Giants. For the 3rd time in his four-year career, the Giants failed to make the playoffs. They finished with a 9-7 record.
For the 2012 NFL season, Pro Football Focus ranked Will as the #2 overall LT in the NFC with a 22.3 rating, behind Pro-Bowler Joe Staley. Pro Football Focus also ranked Will as the #3 Pass Blocking LT in the NFC, and #2 Run Blocking LT in the NFC (#5 in the NFL), making him one of the most balanced and productive LT in the NFL. If it were not for 11 penalties, Will would have ranked even higher on these charts.
2012 Offseason.
On February 27, 2013, Will re-signed with the New York Giants. Will signed a 5-year contract worth up to $38.75 million, with $19 million guaranteed and a $12.5 million signing bonus. 
“It’s good to be home,” Beatty said. “It’s a great feeling. You could be going through free agency, but when that happens a lot of stuff is going through your mind. That feeling is no longer there. You’re settled in with a great team, a team I love playing for. I know the coaching staff. I’m looking forward to getting back in it and moving forward. 
“I’m glad I don’t have any of those free agency jitters to deal with. It’s settled, we’re done and we’re moving on. The contract is behind you – you just have to make sure you’re out there on the field and being a leader out there.” 
Giants GM Jerry Reese commented that “We are very pleased to get a new deal done with Will. We believe he is one of the ascending left tackles in the NFL.”
Personal.
Will graduated with a degree in Human Development and Family Studies and has garnered national attention in the New York Times and York Daily Record for his ability to sew, cook, clean, draw and play the piano. Will became engaged in the Summer of 2011 in Hawaii to Rebecca Helwig. The two were married on February 11, 2012 in West Orange. On March 21, 2013, Will and Rebecca gave birth to their first child, a girl named Victoria Zoe Beatty. Will also owns a clothing line, The William Beatty Apparel Company, that he is currently working on.

</doc>
<doc id="20826750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826750" title="Torcy (Paris RER)">
Torcy (Paris RER)

Torcy () is a railway station in Torcy, Seine-et-Marne, a suburb east of Paris.
History.
Torcy opened on 19 December 1980 as part of an extension of the A4 branch from its previous eastern terminal of Noisy-le-Grand – Mont d'Est. It served as the eastern terminus of the A4 branch for twelve years until 1 April 1992, when the RER A4 was extended to Marne-la-Vallée – Chessy; since then, the A4 branch has yet to be extended.
Ridership.
According to RATP, 13,716 passengers used Torcy each day in 2006 for a total of 5,006,340 passengers annually.
Service.
Torcy is on the A4 branch of the RER A and receives frequent service. As of 4 February 2008, during peak hours there are between twelve and eighteen trains per hour (intervals of five and three minutes and twenty seconds), during mid-day trains arrive every ten minutes, and early mornings and late nights trains come at fifteen minute intervals.
The station also acts as a terminus for certain trains. Trains that terminate at Torcy will display a headline beginning with O, O being the designation that a train terminates at Torcy rather than Q for Marne-la-Vallée - Chessy.
Bus connections.
Along with the RER, the RATP also provides moderate bus at Torcy with both regular bus service and Noctilien service at night.

</doc>
<doc id="20826787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826787" title="All-time New England Revolution roster">
All-time New England Revolution roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for New England Revolution since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 1996. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an MLS appearance are noted at the bottom of the page.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="20826796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826796" title="Chuvash National Museum">
Chuvash National Museum

The Chuvash National Museum in Cheboksary, Russia is a cultural, educational and research center of the Chuvash Republic. It is the largest repository of natural, historical, cultural, and theological artefacts of the Chuvash people and other ethnic groups.
Branches.
The museum has four branches:

</doc>
<doc id="20826800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826800" title="Will Davis (linebacker)">
Will Davis (linebacker)

William Benjamin Davis, Jr. (born June 2, 1986) is an American football defensive end who is currently playing with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the sixth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Illinois.
Early years.
He played high school football at Eleanor Roosevelt High School in Greenbelt, Maryland.
Professional career.
Arizona Cardinals.
He was released on September 2, 2011.
Saskatchewan Roughriders.
He was signed on March 15th, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20826819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826819" title="Webers Circus">
Webers Circus

Webers Circus is an Australian travelling circus founded by Natalie & Rudy Weber in 2007. The circus is South American themed, and includes human and animal acts. Not to be mistaken with the New Zealand Weber Bros Circus, the two circuses are independently owned and operated, but closely related.

</doc>
<doc id="20826837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826837" title="Coat of arms of Singapore">
Coat of arms of Singapore

The National Coat of Arms of Singapore is the heraldic symbol representing the Southeast Asian island nation of Singapore. It was adopted in 1959, the year Singapore became self-governing within the British Empire. The committee that created it, headed by then Deputy Prime Minister Toh Chin Chye, was also responsible for the national flag and the national anthem of Singapore. 
At the centre of the emblem is a red shield bearing a white crescent (a new moon, representing a rising young nation) and five white stars (representing various national ideals including multiculturalism), supported by a lion and a tiger (representing Singapore and Malaysia respectively); below them is a blue ribbon inscribed with "Majulah Singapura" in gold, Malay for "Onward Singapore". While the use of the coat of arms is restricted to the government, the symbol enjoys wide use on the national currency and state decorations, and appears on the cover of the national passport.
History.
When Singapore became self-governing in 1959 Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew was determined to create for the new state a coat of arms, among other symbols, to replace the coat of arms of the United Kingdom that had been in use until then. A committee was formed to design the state symbols, headed by the deputy prime minister Toh Chin Chye, who wanted both the arms and flag of Singapore to represent the country's united, multi-ethnic society.
The coat of arms and the flag were created over a span of two months by Toh and his committee. A law establishing the state symbols of Singapore was presented to the National Assembly by the Minister of Culture, S Rajaratnam, and approved in November 1959. On 3 December 1959, the state coat of arms, flag and anthem were presented to the people of Singapore for the first time.
Toh said in a 1989 interview that when tasked with the creation of the state symbols, "apart from the anthem we have to produce the flag and the crest", and he felt that the new flag of Singapore should be flying next to the Union Jack. Toh further stated:
Symbolism.
The central emblem of the coat of arms is a red shield with five white stars resting above a white crescent, similar to the crescent and stars used on the Singapore flag and such other national symbols as the national ensign for civilian ships. Red symbolises "universal brotherhood and equality of man" and white "pervading and everlasting purity and virtue". The crescent represents a new moon, which reflects "a young nation on the ascendant", while the five-pointed stars "stand for the nation's ideals of democracy, peace, progress, justice and equality". 
The supporters of the shield are a lion and a tiger: the tiger symbolises the nation's historical connections to Malaysia (which Singapore was a state of from 1963 to 1965) while the lion represents Singapore itself. Below the supporters is a blue ribbon on which the national motto, "Majulah Singapura", is written in gold. "Majulah Singapura" is also the title of the national anthem; it means "Onward Singapore" in Malay, the national language of Singapore.
Uses.
In 1985 the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) began to issue their second series of coins. The coat of arms is displayed on the obverse side of these coins, surrounded by an inscription comprising the name of Singapore in the four official languages (Chinese, Malay, Tamil and English) and the year of minting. In 1987 the dollar coin entered circulation with this same pattern. 
According to the MAS, the coat of arms has also appeared on all Singaporean banknotes since the "Orchid" series of 1967. State decorations of Singapore also depict the coat of arms on the medallions. For example, the medallions of the Darjah Utama Temasek and the Sijil Kemuliaan use the full achievement of arms, while the Darjah Utama Bakti Cemerlang medal displays the shield.
Guidelines.
According to the Singapore Arms and Flag and National Anthem Rules, the use of the coat of arms is restricted to the government. Without explicit permission from the Ministry of Information, Communications and the Arts (MICA), no person or group is permitted to physically print, manufacture, display or sell anything depicting the coat of arms, or to allow such actions to happen. It is also forbidden to use any symbol that can be easily mistaken for the coat of arms. Persons who wish to use the coat of arms in a literary work must also obtain prior permission from MICA. The only exception provided by the Rules is that the arms can be used by government officials and ministries on their building's exteriors and on printed documents.

</doc>
<doc id="20826848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826848" title="Susan Thornton Glassell">
Susan Thornton Glassell

Susan Thornton Glassell (March 2, 1835 – November 16, 1883) was the wife of George Smith Patton and George H. Smith, and the sister of Andrew Glassell.
Early life.
Susan Thornton Glassell was born in Orange County, Virginia, the daughter of Andrew Glassell (1793–1873) and Susan Thompson Thornton (1804–1836). In 1834 her family moved to Greensboro, Alabama, where her father engaged in cotton planting.
Virginia.
In 1855, she married George Smith Patton (1833–1864), who became a colonel in the 22nd Virginia Infantry of the Confederate Army in Richmond, Va. They had five children. George S. Patton died at the 3rd Battle of Winchester in the Civil War.
Los Angeles.
Left a widow, Susan left Virginia to live with her brother Andrew Glassell, a prominent lawyer in Los Angeles. Susan Glassell opened a school to support her family. Her son George Smith Patton (1856–1927) became a prominent lawyer and married into the wealthy family of Benjamin Davis Wilson (see also George S. Patton, Jr.). Her daughter Eleanor Thornton Patton (1857–1937) married Los Angeles lawyer Thomas Bruen Brown in 1879.
In 1870, Susan married Colonel George H. Smith. He was a first cousin of her first husband, and a lawyer, practicing in partnership with her brother Andrew Glassell under the firm name of Glassell, Chapman & Smith.
Two children were born of this marriage, Anne Ophelia Smith (1870–1951) and Ettinge Hugh Smith (1876–1887). Anne Ophelia Smith married Hancock Banning (1865–1925) son of Phineas Banning in 1890. Anne Banning established the National Assistance League in 1936.
Susan Glassell Smith is interred at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20826864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826864" title="List of Flywheel, Shyster, and Flywheel (1990 radio series) episodes">
List of Flywheel, Shyster, and Flywheel (1990 radio series) episodes

Flywheel, Shyster, and Flywheel is a BBC Radio 4 1990 situation comedy radio show, adapted from a 1932 American radio show of the same name. The original series starred two of the Marx Brothers, Groucho and Chico, and was written primarily by Nat Perrin and Arthur Sheekman. It depicted the misadventures of a small law firm, with Groucho acting as attorney Waldorf T. Flywheel, and Chico playing Flywheel's assistant Emmanuel Ravelli. In 1988 the show scripts were rediscovered in the Library of Congress, and were adapted by the BBC two years later. The lead roles are performed by professional Marx Brothers soundalikes, Michael Roberts as Groucho's Flywheel and Frank Lazarus as Chico's Ravelli. Other cast members include Lorelei King playing all the female roles, with Spike Milligan and Dick Vosburgh guest starring.
The scripts for the 1990 series were adapted by Mark Brisenden for a modern British audience, and the performances were directed by Dirk Maggs. Rather than each episode being a direct remake of an individual American episode, the 1990 episodes often included material from two or even three different 1932 episodes, and occasionally with additional jokes from Marx Brothers' films. The success of the first series led to another two series being produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20826883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826883" title="Takashi Aizawa">
Takashi Aizawa

Career statistics.
Last update: 23 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20826914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826914" title="Red Crescent Society of the Islamic Republic of Iran">
Red Crescent Society of the Islamic Republic of Iran

Red Crescent Society of the Islamic Republic of Iran () is a relief, rescue, and medical aid organisation in Iran. It was formed in 1923 as the name of Red Lion and Sun Society of Iran. It was changed to the Red Crescent society after the Islamic Revolution and has its headquarters in Tehran.
Wikileaks Report.
The November 2010 release of American diplomatic cables revealed allegations that the Red Crescent Society of the Islamic Republic of Iran is actively controlled by the government and are involved in illicit arms smuggling and intelligence gathering on behalf of Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="20826922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826922" title="Kenji Haneda">
Kenji Haneda

Haneda played for the Japan national football team at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Career statistics.
Club career.
Last update: 18 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20826924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826924" title="Strictly Sinatra">
Strictly Sinatra

Strictly Sinatra is a 2001 British drama film written and directed by Peter Capaldi. The film was released in the UK in 2001 by Focus Features and stars Ian Hart, Kelly Macdonald, and Brian Cox.
Synopsis.
The film is about a young Glaswegian-Italian lounge singer, Toni Cocozza (Ian Hart), with a passion for Frank Sinatra and the dream of becoming a famous musician. He grows weary of playing to elderly crowds in third-rate bars and decides to accept career help from mob enforcer Chisolm (Brian Cox) and his boss Connolly (Iain Cuthbertson) who's wife (Una McLean) has taken a liking to Toni. In exchange for assisting the organization with their illegal activities, Chisholm pays for new clothes for Toni and pressures the producer of a talent show to allow Toni to compete in the contest. Meanwhile, he tries to keep his ties with the mob secret from his friend and accompanist Bill (Alun Armstrong) and pretty cigarette girl Irene (Kelly Macdonald) who he has fallen for. The trio form a modern day Rat Pack with Irene as Shirley MacLaine. Eventually his luck runs out. While he is helping to rob a store, Toni misses a date with Irene and she and Bill discover that he is leading a double life. They beg him not to compete in the talent show as he will be forever indebted to Chisholm, but he goes anyway. He only places fifth and continues his career singing in lounges, but is deeply unhappy. One day while making a drug drop the drugs he is carrying are stolen by a street kid. Toni refuses to harm the street kid, thus making him a target for the mob hitmen. He performs one last time at a birthday bash for Connolly's wife, fully expecting to be killed after he finishes his number. Bill rescues him by creating a distraction, which gives him a chance to get away with Irene. Using assumed names, the two manage to evade the mobsters and escape to New York City.
Cast.
Actor Ian Bannen was due to appear but he died in a fatal accident near Loch Ness during a break in filming. The cast and crew issued the following statement: "We are devastated to hear of the death of Ian Bannen earlier today. Ian was a hugely talented actor, a consummate professional and a much loved colleague."
Critical reception.
The film received less than stellar reviews from critics upon its release, despite the well-regarded cast. Filmcritic.com's Christopher Null wrote, "Aside from good singin' and the always engaging Kelly Macdonald (as a cigarette girl who becomes Cocozza's girlfriend), there's just not much movie here.

</doc>
<doc id="20826938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826938" title="After the Ball (1932 film)">
After the Ball (1932 film)

After the Ball is a 1932 British-American comedy film directed by Milton Rosmer. 
It was filmed at Lime Grove Studios in West London.
Plot.
Jack Harrowby (Basil Rathbone) believes he is drawing a diplomat's wife into an affair. Unbeknownst to him, he is actually seducing the maid.

</doc>
<doc id="20826941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826941" title="Joe Crowl">
Joe Crowl

Joseph Terrell "Joe" Crowl (13 December 1883 – 27 June 1915) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League. He was killed soon after the landings in Gallipoli in World War I.
He was the cousin of the St Kilda footballer Private Claude Terrell Crowl (337) who was killed in action whilst landing at Gallipoli, Turkey on 25 April 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20826950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826950" title="Carnarvon Road, Hong Kong">
Carnarvon Road, Hong Kong

Carnarvon Road, (Chinese: 加拿分道), is a road in Yau Tsim Mong District, Kowloon, Hong Kong. It is in the shape of an uppercase "J" in the centre of Tsim Sha Tsui from Kimberley Road near Knutsford Terrace to Nathan Road near the Kowloon tallest hotel building Hyatt Regency Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20826956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826956" title="Prince Eudes of Orléans-Braganza">
Prince Eudes of Orléans-Braganza

Prince Eudes Maria Rainier Pedro José of Orléans-Braganza (born in Mandelieu, France on 8 June 1939) is a member of the Imperial House of Brazil. He was the second child of Prince Pedro Henrique of Orléans-Braganza, then head of the Brazilian Imperial Family, and Princess Maria Elisabeth of Bavaria.
Biography.
Prince Eudes first married Ana Maria de Moraes e Barros (born 20 November 1945, São Paulo). He renounced any rights of succession to the defunct Brazilian throne for himself and his descendants on 3 June 1966. They officially divorced on 22 March 1976. Ana Maria then married to Baldomero Barbará. From his first marriage, Prince Eudes has two children:
On 26 March 1976, Prince Eudes married secondly Mercedes Williamses Neves da Rocha. Together they have four children:

</doc>
<doc id="20826962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826962" title="Jhargram subdivision">
Jhargram subdivision

Jhargram subdivision is a subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Jhargram municipality and eight community development blocks: Binpur–I, Binpur–II, Jamboni, Jhargram, Gopiballavpur–I, Gopiballavpur–II, Nayagram and Sankrail. The eight blocks contain 79 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Jhargram. 
Area.
Apart from the Jhargram municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 79 gram panchayats under eight community development blocks: Binpur–I, Binpur–II, Jamboni, Jhargram, Gopiballavpur–I, Gopiballavpur–II, Nayagram and Sankrail. There is no urban area under these eight blocks.
Blocks.
Binpur–I block.
Rural area under Binpur–I block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Andharia, Binpur, Lalgarh, Sijua, Baita, Dahijuri, Nepura, Belatikri, Dharampur and Ramgarh. Binpur and Lalgarh police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Lalgarh.
Binpur–II block.
Rural area under Binpur–II block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Banspahari, Bhulaveda, Kanko, Shimulpal, Belpahari, Ergoda, Sandapara, Bhelaidiha, Harda and Shilda. Binpur, Lalgarh and Belpahari police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Belpahari.
Jamboni block.
Rural area under Jamboni block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Chinchra, Dubra, Kapgari, Parihati, Chilkigarh, Gidhni, Kendadangri, Dharsa, Jamboni and Lalbandh. Jamboni police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Gidhni.
Jhargram block.
Rural area under Jhargram block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Aguiboni, Dudhkundi, Patashimul, Shalboni, Bandhgora, Lodhasuli,Naharia. Radhanagar, Chandri, Manikpara, Sapdhara, Chubka, Nedabahara and Sardiha. Jhargram police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Jhargram.
Gopiballavpur–I block.
Rural area under Gopiballavpur–I block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Alampur, Gopiballavpur, Saria, Shashrha, Amarda, Kendugari and Satma. Beliabera and Gopiballavpur police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chatinasole.
Gopiballavpur–II block.
Rural area under Gopiballavpur–II block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Beliabera, Kharbandhi, Nota, Tapshia, Chorchita, Kuliana and Pet Bindhi Kalinja, taghora. Beliabera police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Beliabera.
Nayagram block.
Rural area under Nayagram block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Ara, Baranegui, Chandrarekha, Malam, Baligeria, Berajal, Jamirapal, Nayagram, Barakhakri, Chandabilla, Kharikamathani and Patina. Nayagram police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Baligeria.
Sankrail block.
Rural area under Sankrail block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Andhari, Khudmorai, Pathra, Sankrail, Chhatri, Kultikri, Ragrah,  Dhanghori, Laudaha and Rohini. Sankrail police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rohini.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20826983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826983" title="After the Ball (1957 film)">
After the Ball (1957 film)

After the Ball is a 1957 British biographical film directed by Compton Bennett and starring Patricia Kirkwood, Laurence Harvey and Jerry Stovin. It portrayed the life of the stage performer Vesta Tilley.

</doc>
<doc id="20826984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826984" title="Myanmar Red Cross Society">
Myanmar Red Cross Society

Myanmar Red Cross Society (MRCS) was founded in 1937 and it was earlier called Burma Red Cross. It has its headquarters in Yangon.
History.
In 1920, the Society came into existence as a branch of Indian Red Cross Society. When Burma was politically separated from India in 1937, it attained national status and was recognized as Burma Red Cross Society. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) recognized it as a National Society in 1939. The Society was admitted to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies in 1946. The Burma Red Cross Act was enacted in 1959 and amended subsequently in 1964, 1971 and 1988.
The 1959 (MRCS) Act confers responsibility to the National Society in implementing humanitarian activities and alleviating human suffering. The St. John Ambulance Brigade Overseas was taken over by the Society as Burma Ambulance Brigade under the 1959 Act. The Society was renamed Myanmar Red Cross Society in accordance with legislative change of the name from Burma to Myanmar in 1989.
The objective of the Society is to alleviate human suffering. Three activities such as promoting health, preventing diseases and providing help to those in distress are supportive activities to meet the objective.
As the leading humanitarian organization, Myanmar Red Cross Society (MRCS) is committed to assist vulnerable people and to improve and maintain their health and well-being.
The Society obtains the best relations with UN Agencies, Non Government Organizations, Press and other public information media. News coverage of Red Cross Activities in the whole country is constantly made by the press, radio and television news stations.
Vision and mission.
MRCS' mission is "to be the leading community-based humanitarian organization throughout Myanmar acting with and for the most vulnerable at all time."
Mission.
Through its nationwide network of volunteers, the Myanmar Red Cross Society will work to promote a healthier and safer environment for the people of Myanmar giving priority to the most vulnerable communities and individuals. In times of distress and disaster, MRCS will assist those affected and help them return to normal life.
Strategic plans (2007-2010).
Future plans and actions are clearly defined in the MRCS strategic plan (2007–2010). Activities are defined under five programme areas: Organizational Development, Health and Care in the Community, Disaster Management, Cooperation and Coordination and Financial Resources Development, with these, the Society is putting her ablest effort to deliver efficient effective humanitarian services in Myanmar.
Governance and management.
The General Assembly is the highest governing body of the Society and is convened every three years. The Central Council is the governing body of the MRCS between the sessions of the General Assembly. The Central Council comprises 40 members, out of which 17 members represent States and Divisions level branches. The governance of the Society is formed by 10 Executive Committee members. 5 out of 10 members are retired professionals and who work full-time on voluntary basis, are responsible for providing guidance for making policy, giving directions and guidance in the implementation of the activities of the Society.
The structure of National Headquarters (NHQ) consists of six Divisions and two Units. They are Administrative Division, Disaster Management Division, Finance Division, Health Division, Training Division and Communication Division, Development and Coordination Unit and Protocol Unit.
The management is headed by the Executive Director, who is the full-time Executive Committee member of the National Society. The Executive Director carries out his functions under the authority of the Central Council and the Executive Committee.
The Society is the largest humanitarian organization in Myanmar with its nationwide network of 324 branches (townships) with over 250000 volunteers throughout the country.
Awards.
A member of Myanmar Red Cross Society won Henry Dunant Medal in 1963 for saving a soldier whose car fell into the Ayeyarwady River which was icy cold at that time . His name was Sai Aung Hlaing Myint. He was from Kachin State.

</doc>
<doc id="20826987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826987" title="Connor Barwin">
Connor Barwin

Connor Alfred Barwin (born October 15, 1986) is an American football linebacker for the Philadelphia Eagles in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Houston Texans in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Cincinnati.
Early years.
Barwin is the youngest of four sons of Thomas Barwin and Margaret Bailey. He was born deaf, which was not confirmed until he was two years old. He endured numerous surgeries until about age 12, which gave him complete hearing in his right ear and limited hearing in his left ear. His favorite team as a child was the Detroit Lions and his favorite player was Barry Sanders.
Barwin attended the University of Detroit Jesuit High School. As a senior he was an All-state selection and earned All-League, All-Catholic, and All-District honors. He was also an All-League selection in basketball as a junior and All-Catholic as a senior.
College career.
Barwin played college football at the University of Cincinnati, where he was a history major. As a freshman in 2005 Barwin played in all 11 games as a backup tight end finishing with eight receptions for 144 yards and one touchdown. The starting tight end during Barwin's freshman and sophomore seasons was Brent Celek.
In early January, after injuries had decimated the University of Cincinnati basketball team, he joined the team, playing in 18 games as a backup forward and averaging 9.9 minutes per game. That season, he tallied highs of 9 rebounds vs. the University of South Carolina and 6 points vs. the University of Pittsburgh.
As a sophomore in 2006, Barwin played in all 13 games as a regular on special teams and as a backup tight end. He finished the season with 13 receptions for 148 yards and two touchdowns. He also played in 22 games for the basketball team, with highs of 5 rebounds vs. DePaul University and 4 points each against Providence College and Villanova University. As a junior in 2007, Barwin played special teams, as well as a backup tight end, playing in 12 games. He caught 31 passes for 399 yards, and two touchdowns.
In 2008 Barwin was moved to defensive end. He finished the season with 53 tackles, and a Big East and team-leading 12 sacks. He also had 20 quarterback pressures, eight pass deflections, three fumble recoveries, and three blocked kicks. His play helped him earn First-team All-Big East honors honorable mention All-America as well as the Claude Rost Award, which is given to the team’s Most Valuable Player.
Barwin finished his college career with 16 starts in 51 games (14 at defensive end, one at tight end, one at H-Back) recording 66 tackles, 12 sacks, three fumble recoveries, eight deflected passes, five blocked kicks, and 53 receptions for 692 yards and six touchdowns.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Barwin ran a 4.47-second 40-time at his Pro Day according to the University of Cincinnati's timer.
2009.
Barwin was drafted by the Houston Texans in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. On October 18, 2009 Barwin recorded his first NFL sack against then Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer. For the season, he played in all 16 Texans games and totaled 16 tackles, 4.5 sacks and four passes defensed.
2010.
Barwin's 2010 season was cut extremely short when he left the Texans' 2010 opener against the Indianapolis Colts with an ankle injury and was announced out for the season the next day.
2011.
Barwin returned from injury and moved from defensive end to outside linebacker, starting all 16 of the Texans' games as the Texans advanced to the second round of the AFC Playffs. On November 27, 2011 Barwin established a career-best 10 tackles and a new franchise record for sacks in a game with four in the Texans' 20–13 victory over the Jacksonville Jaguars at EverBank Field; Mario Williams had previously held the Texans' single-game sack mark with 3.5. He was named AFC Defensive Player of the Month for November. 
Barwin finished the regular season with 49 tackles, 11.5 sacks, seven passes defensed, and a forced fumble.
2012.
Barwin played in all 16 games for the Texans, starting in 15, as the Texans again advanced to the second round of the AFC Playoffs. For the regular season, he totaled 45 tackles, 3.5 sacks, five passes defensed, and one safety, the first of his career on October 21 when he tackled Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco in the end zone.
2013.
On March 14, 2013, signed a six-year, $36 million contract with $8 million guaranteed with the Philadelphia Eagles.
Barwin became the fourth Cincinnati Bearcat on the Eagles' roster, joining former roommate Jason Kelce and former teammate Brent Celek as well as Trent Cole. Barwin started all 16 games for the NFC East champion Eagles. On November 3, he intercepted his first NFL pass against the Oakland Raiders' Terrelle Pryor. On November 17, he totaled a career single-game high of 12 tackles against the Washington Redskins.
His season totals included career highs of 82 tackles, 12 passes defensed, one interception and one forced fumble. He also tallied five sacks. He had five tackles in the Eagles' playoff loss to the New Orleans Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="20826988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20826988" title="Fred Fielding (footballer)">
Fred Fielding (footballer)

Fred Fielding (born 6 September 1889) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20827025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827025" title="WOW Gospel 2006">
WOW Gospel 2006

WOW Gospel 2006 is a gospel music compilation album from the WOW series. Released on January 31, 2006, it comprises thirty-two songs on a double disc album. The release reached 20 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2006, the highest peak of any of the WOW Gospel series thus far, and made number one on the Top Gospel Albums chart. The album cover pays tribute to Chicago, Illinois.
In 2006 the album was certified as gold in the US by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

</doc>
<doc id="20827038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827038" title="Jo Morrison">
Jo Morrison

Jo Morrison ("née" Steed) is a former New Zealand international netball representative, who played in the Silver Ferns team that won a silver medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur.

</doc>
<doc id="20827069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827069" title="LeGrand Sports Complex">
LeGrand Sports Complex

The LeGrand Sports Complex is a Track and Field complex at Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas. The complex has seating for 3,000 people. It is home to the Angelo State University Track and Field teams. It features a 400-meter all-weather track with 200-meter straightaway, throwing and jumping areas and full press box facilities. The complex is lighted for evening and night events and features a Daktronics scoreboard specifically designed for track and field with a clock display and 11 ft. video display. The facility is one of the premier track and field complexes in DII athletics. Because of this it has hosted the DII National Championships on five occasions including 1988, 1991, 1992, 2002 and 2009.
On October 1, 2008 the Texas Tech University System regents voted to rename the Multi-Sports Complex to the LeGrand Sports Complex in recognition of Dr. Robert and Jean Ann LeGrand’s support of Angelo State University. Dr. Robert LeGrand, a San Angelo Neurosurgeon, and Jean Ann LeGrand an ASU graduate have donated over 2.7 million to Angelo State University including a 200K donation to update the Sports Complex in preparation for the 2011 DII National Track and Field Championships.
In June 2013 a $1.2 million construction project began to move the javelin runway to the upper field and the long jump and pole vault runways and pits outside of the track surface in order to install artificial synthetic turf on the playing field. The fields main purpose will be to improve the practice field for the Ram football team but also be used by various other teams and intramural sports. The field will be named for 1st Community Credit Union who paid for the majority of the privately funded project. 

</doc>
<doc id="20827074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827074" title="The 39 Steps (2008 film)">
The 39 Steps (2008 film)

The 39 Steps is a 2008 British television feature-length adaptation of the John Buchan novel "The Thirty-Nine Steps" produced by the BBC. The adaptation is set on the eve of World War I, and sees mining engineer Richard Hannay caught up in a conspiracy following the death of a British spy in his flat. It was written by Lizzie Mickery, directed by James Hawes, and starred Rupert Penry-Jones, Lydia Leonard, David Haig, Eddie Marsan and Patrick Malahide. Following three screen versions of the novel and a 1977 television adaptation of "The Three Hostages", Penry-Jones became the fifth actor to portray Hannay on screen. It was filmed on location in Scotland.
The single drama was first shown on BBC One and BBC HD on 28 December 2008 as part of BBC One's Christmas 2008 line-up, and it was the most watched programme of the day. Comparing it to Alfred Hitchcock's 1935 film, it received mostly negative reviews from the press. The production was criticised for its historical inaccuracies, particularly its use of anachronistic props.
Plot.
The story starts on 28 June 1914; Richard Hannay (Rupert Penry-Jones), a mining engineer and an intelligence officer during the Second Boer War, is in London following his recent return from Africa, finding England "cliquey", "class-bound" and "deathly, deathly dull". Evading German spies (Werner Daehn and Peter Stark), Scudder (Eddie Marsan) pushes himself into Hannay's flat and reveals himself to be a betrayed freelance British Secret Service Bureau agent, who has been on the trail of a German espionage ring with headquarters in Scotland. He has heard rumours of a plot to assassinate a high-ranking European royal, which could lead to war. Believing he will soon be killed, he hands Hannay a notebook to pass to Captain Kell of the Secret Service Bureau. While Hannay answers the door, Scudder is shot by one of the German spies seeking his notebook who has entered the flat via a back door. The police arrive, and Hannay is arrested for murder before escaping.
Unable to contact Kell, Hannay flicks through the notebook, finding it contains pages of code using Roman numerals. He finds a map in the back and takes a train to Scotland to prove Scudder right, attempting to decipher the code en route. Finding out Archduke Ferdinand has been assassinated, Hannay reaches Scotland and leaves the train to escape the police. He stays in a barn overnight, where he deciphers the code in the notebook (except a section in double code), which reveals the Germans want to destroy the Royal Navy so that they could invade the country, starting a war. Chased by the police, the Germans and machine-gun-fire from a biplane, he encounters brother and sister Harry and Victoria Sinclair, a prospective Member of Parliament and a suffragette respectively (Patrick Kennedy and Lydia Leonard), who believe him to be a Liberal spokesman. At a political rally in a nearby town (Culross) where Hannay meets Sir George Sinclair, Harry and Victoria's uncle (David Haig), Victoria aids Hannay's attempt to escape, before they are captured by the Germans. With the notebook missing from Hannay's pocket, they are taken to Longkeep Castle (Dumbarton Castle), the headquarters of the German espionage ring, where they are imprisoned by Professor Fisher (Patrick Malahide). Sir George arrives as they are captured and inquires about them while they are held in another room. After he leaves they are bound and gagged and placed in the cellar. They escape and return to where they were captured to look for the notebook, which Victoria reveals she had picked from Hannay's pocket and hidden. They stay overnight in an inn, where Hannay details the contents of the notebook to Victoria.
In the morning, they escape to Harry's house, where Victoria unsuccessfully attempts to contact Captain Kell. Hannay, alone, meets with Sir George, who sits on the defence committee. Hannay reveals the contents of the notebook, leading to Sir George disclosing that a meeting of the National Committee of Defence is being held the next day at Stirling Castle to unveil new naval plans, matching part of the double code. Later, Hannay and Victoria kiss, and the next morning he sees her leaving with a man, whom he recalls seeing previously on the train and at the rally. With the notebook missing and finding out that Victoria disconnected the call she made to the Secret Service Bureau before it was connected, Hannay goes to Stirling Castle, believing Victoria to be a traitor. There, Victoria reveals she works for the Secret Service Bureau and he meets Kell (Alex Jennings) and Wakeham, the man Victoria left with earlier (Steven Elder), who reveal they used Hannay to distract the Germans and sent Victoria to keep an eye on him. Hannay deduces that Sir George is the traitor, as he should have heard them when he was at Fisher's House, and, with his photographic memory, has escaped with the naval plans memorised. To identify his rendezvous point with the Germans, they crack the remaining code, referring to the room they were previously imprisoned in at Longkeep Castle, and discover "39 steps" written in the notebook by Scudder using invisible ink. At the Castle, Hannay and Victoria find 39 steps leading to a loch. A shoot-out ensues, and a German U-boat surfaces in the loch. Fisher, the Germans and Sir George fail to get to the U-boat before it submerges, and surrender.
Together by the loch, Hannay and Victoria kiss before she is hit by a bullet fired by a surviving gunman, falls into the loch and disappears. The story concludes four months later, after the declaration of World War I, when Hannay, in military uniform, is waiting to meet someone at St Pancras station. Harry appears, saying that Victoria wanted to say goodbye. Hannay sees her from a distance. To allay Hannay's bewilderment, Harry tells him, "top secret, old man." She disappears behind a luggage trolley and Harry tells Hannay she'll see him after the war.
Production.
Announced by the BBC in August 2008, filming began in September 2008 for airing at Christmas. Penry-Jones, who had previously worked on spy drama "Spooks", would take the lead role, with the screenplay written by Lizzie Mickery (co-writer of the dramas "The State Within" and "Messiah"), produced by Lynn Horsford ("Boy A", "The Mark of Cain") and directed by James Hawes ("Fanny Hill", "Merlin", "Doctor Who"). Penry-Jones became the fifth actor to play Hannay on film, preceded by Robert Donat, Kenneth More, Barry Foster and Robert Powell.
At the time of the announcement, Horsford said: "With this adaptation we wanted to stay faithful to the spirit and period of the book, but asked the writer Lizzie to feel free to re-imagine it for a modern audience more familiar with James Bond and Jason Bourne." The production was set around the eve of World War I and retained other elements from the book, including having the 39 steps refer to steps to a departure point, but, according to "The Times"' thriller critic, has "a style that gives more than a nod to the grittier James Bond of Daniel Craig". A piece in "The Observer" stated that Mickery "is braced for complaints this Christmas from fans of previous screen portrayals" after basing her plot on the original book rather than the films. Differences from the book include the introduction of romance for Hannay, through suffragette and spy Victoria Sinclair, played by Lydia Leonard, and, according to Serena Davies of "The Daily Telegraph", "a plot with so many twists and turns you almost need a degree in espionage to follow it".
Penry-Jones read the book and saw the other versions of the film, but said that Hitchcock's 1959 film "North by Northwest" was "more of a template for me than any version of "The 39 Steps"". Explaining why he took on the part, he said to Tim Oglethorpe of the "Daily Record":
Part of the appeal was the cars, I'm a bit of a buff ... And I said – jokingly, of course – that I wouldn't be in "The 39 Steps" unless the action included the famous chase scene in which Hannay is pursued by a biplane. I've always wanted to be chased by a plane like Cary Grant in the movie "North by Northwest" and I was just delighted when it happened in our version of "Steps".
He also said prior to broadcast that, depending on the reception, "They'd like to do more if they can. I definitely would."
Filming took place on location in Scotland. Locations used included the area around West Register Street in Edinburgh for the London scenes at the start of the film, Bo'ness railway station, Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum for the interior scenes of St Pancras railway station, Glasgow City Chambers, Culross, Stirling Castle, Dumbarton Castle, the highlands of Argyll and Loch Katrine, used for the finale.
The production was shot using 35 mm film rather than high-definition cameras. Hawes told Matthew Bell of "Broadcast" that:
Film is absolutely right for this project. It has scale, big exterior locations and that's something that still challenges HD ... The HD cameras available to us on our budget are still vulnerable in difficult weather conditions during filming. There's no doubt that what we've got on 35mm is just so much more detailed. It has so much more depth of field and richness than we could have got on HD.
The adaptation was originally planned to be broadcast on BBC One on Boxing Day, but was later moved to a Sunday night slot on 28 December. It was simulcast in high-definition on BBC HD.
Artistic licence and historical inaccuracies.
Some artistic licence was used to find the appropriate props. Cars used included a 1924 Morris Oxford, a 1926 Darracq, and a 1927 Wolseley, previously used in the 1960s series "Dr Finlay's Casebook". Willie Bennie, who sourced the vehicles, told the "Daily Record": 
I knew they were wanting to include car chases to make the drama much more exciting to watch. The only trouble was that the cars around this era weren't very fast.
The biplane that chased Hannay was a 1916 Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.5a, his apartment was in an Art Deco building and 1950s rail carriages were being pulled by a steam engine built in 1927.
Ben Stephenson, Head of Drama Commissioning at the BBC, told "The Daily Telegraph" in reply to complaints about the inaccuracies:
The question is: for the seven million people who watched it, did it feel authentic, did it create a sense of period? ...We were creating a realistic world within a world – a world of damsels and heroes and a huge amount of excitement. That, for me, is the priority. Did it create that world? It absolutely did. That's not to say that we don't work increasingly hard to get everything right. But it's hard to get all the details right when it's a 21st century drama, never mind anything earlier.
Reception.
Overnight viewing figures estimated that the programme was seen by 7.3 million viewers (28% audience share) on 28 December 2008, against a "" on BBC Two. It was the most watched programme of the day.
The adaptation received mostly negative reviews from the press, believing it did not match up to Hitchcock's 1935 film version (as predicted by Mickery). Sam Wollaston of "The Guardian" felt that the romance scene between Hannay and Victoria (when they stay overnight in an inn) was "one of the silliest ever" and felt that after the final scene at the loch and the concluding scene: "It's all very silly ... It doesn't have the pace, the moodiness or the wit." Damien Love of "Sunday Herald" felt the "tepid pace" was set by the casting of Penry-Jones, and that he "has a style reminiscent of the young Roger Moore, but without the vital, animating spark of self-deprecation. As Hannay, Penry-Jones is not at his best, and more reminiscent of a well-stuffed armchair on wheels." Mick Hume of "The Times" said "The overall effect was to turn Buchan's blood and thunder tale into a pallid politically correct Enid Blyton story", and "The Independent"'s Robert Hanks concluded his review by saying that "By the end, my impression was that several pages of the plot must have been eaten by a dog, or a bored actor, and the director had decided, sod it, nobody's going to keep watching this long. Which I wouldn't have if I wasn't being paid."
The adaptation did receive some positive comments however. In "The Sunday Times", A. A. Gill praised Penry-Jones and said that it was "racily paced" and was "the closest to the original book and by far and away the most convincing". Roz Laws of the "Sunday Mercury" also commented on Penry-Jones, saying that he "proved to be just as good a spy in 1914 as he was in "Spooks", only more dashing" and Alison Graham of the "Radio Times", in her 'pick of the day' piece, said that Penry-Jones is "just perfect as John Buchan's hero" and commented that Victoria (Leonard) was "a splendid suffragette". Alasdair McKay of "The Herald" said "it was all rather spiffing and well-mannered".
Articles in the "Daily Mail" and "The Daily Telegraph" reported on the inaccuracies in the drama, including the 1916 biplane and the submarine rising in a freshwater loch, and 24 viewers complained to the corporation.
Home media.
The adaptation was released on Region 2 DVD on 2 February 2009 and Region 1 DVD on 2 March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20827082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827082" title="Annie Poon">
Annie Poon

Annie Poon is an award-winning American animator based in New York City. She grew up in New Canaan, Connecticut. Her short "Runaway Bathtub" is in the permanent collection of the New York Museum of Modern Art. Her "The Book of Visions" was awarded best film of 2006 by the Association for Mormon Letters. She is married to fashion photographer Kah Poon.

</doc>
<doc id="20827086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827086" title="Without Fear">
Without Fear

"Without Fear" is a six-issue "Daredevil" story arc written by Ed Brubaker with art by Michael Lark and published by Marvel Comics. The arc appears in "Daredevil" #100-#105.
Plot summary.
Daredevil villain Mister Fear resurfaces, along with the Enforcers at his side, providing the criminals of Hell's Kitchen a drug that causes the user to become psychotic and completely unafraid of death. In an attempt to make Daredevil's life miserable, Mister Fear also gives the drug to Milla Donovan, Daredevil's wife. He is also approached by the Hood and offered a place in his criminal empire which he rejects. Meanwhile, Daredevil hunts down Mister Fear to force him into giving him an antidote to the drug. After Daredevil tracks down and easily beats Mister Fear, the villain reveals that there is no antidote. Mister Fear surrenders to the police, confesses all his wrongdoings and was sent to Ryker's Island. After his imprisonment, Mister Fear quickly rises to the top of the prison hierarchy, gaining respect and fear from prisoner and guard alike.
Collected editions.
The story arc was collected in a trade paperback as "Daredevil: Hell to Pay, Vol. 2" (ISBN 0785128158).
Reception.
IGN gave "Daredevil" #100-#105, respectively, 7.8, 8.3, 7.6, 8.1 and 9.0 out of 10. The first issue of the story arc, "Daredevil" #100, with the combined sales of two printings, sold 78,120 copies. "Daredevil" #105 sold 42,072 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20827119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827119" title="List of College Basketball on NBC personalities">
List of College Basketball on NBC personalities

This is a list of college basketball on NBC personalities which covers College Basketball on NBC.
Commentator pairings.
As previously mentioned, NBC and TVS were partners in televising college basketball from 1975 to 1983. Typically on Saturdays, NBC and TVS would broadcast a regional slate of college basketball from the various conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="20827126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827126" title="Gajanan Maharaj Temples">
Gajanan Maharaj Temples

The Gajanan Maharaj Temples were built to honor Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj, a late-nineteenth–, early-twentieth-century Indian holy man known to many people in Maharashtra, India. His birthdate is unknown; he lived most of his life at Shegaon, near Akola district in Maharashtra, where he died on 8 September 1910. Although Shegaon has special significance for Maharaj and his devotees and hosts a magnificent temple, in every city of Maharashtra one will find a Gajanan Maharaj temple.
Temples.
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Temple in Shegaon.
Shegaon has gained renown as a pilgrimage center, since Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj lived (and died) there. Hindus consider Gajanan Maharaj a saint, with miraculous powers. His origins are unknown. Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Temple is built at his place of death. Sant Gajanan Maharaj Sansthan is the largest temple trust in the Vidarbha region and is known as the "Pandharpur of Vidarbha". It attracts pilgrims from all over Maharashtra.
The Gajanan Maharaj Sansthan (Institution) Temple Trust coordinates the day-to-day affairs of the temple; it is headed by the Managing Trustees, who normally come from the Patil family. The Trust coordinates services in the spiritual, religious, medical and educational fields; most notably, it runs Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj College of Engineering (SSGMCE), a well-known engineering college in the Vidarbha region.
It is on Central Railway
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj and Navi Temples in Mumbai.
Mumbai (formerly known as Bombay) has a number of temples: Bandra East (Government Colony, near Y Quarters), Vile Parle East on Tejpal Scheme Road No. 3, Mahim Kapad Bazar, Goregaon West, Siddharth Nagar (this temple has a remarkable statue), Unnat Nagar, Borivali East, Ghatkopar, D. Y. Patil College in Nerul, Vashi and Dadar West.
As of 2011, a new temple is under construction near Manor in Bhopoli (on the way to Ahmedabad). Another temple of Gajanan Maharaj is located at Titwala East in Maanda (which is also known for Maha Ganapati Mandir); it was established by the late Shri Gurunath Mhetre. There are also temples in Dombivali, Ratnagiri, Palghar, Indore, Belgaum and Dahanu (outside Mumbai). A new temple is under construction in Madgaon, Goa.
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Temples in Kanhor and Ambernath.
A small—but beautiful—temple has also been constructed at Kanhor, Kulgaon, Badlapur (in District Thane). The temple is located just outside of Badlapur village on a small hillock, surrounded by fields and greenery. The natural beauty around the temple is another attraction for devotees.
Another temple (with a large statue) is in Ambernath, near the railway station.
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Temple, Thane (Ram Maruti Road).
Shri Vinay Joshi, an ardent devotee of Maharaj, has devoted his own property for the temple. Vinay Joshi conducted and participated in an 18-day padayatra (trip) to Shegaon from Thane with five other friends and devotees. He is an artist himself (with a screen-printing business), in addition to conducting pilgrimages to Shegaon and other religious shrines. Vinay Joshi himself has sculpted and painted the 2½-foot-tall plaster of Paris statue in "Kalpavruksha", his residence on Ram Maruti Road. Hundreds of devotees pay their respects at this shrine, and Joshi's selflessness is impressive.
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj, Mandir, Nagpur.
The temple of Sant Gajanan Maharaj of Shegaon is organised by Yogiraj Gajanan Seva Pratisthan in Nagpur. There are several other temples dedicated to Gajanan Maharaj, including Reshim Baug (Varhadpande Kaka), Zenda Chowk Dharampeth (the oldest temple, after Shegaon), Lakdi Pool,Zenda Chowk mahal(Prati Shegaon)and Chikhali Layout.
Gajanan Maharaj Temple, Indore.
The temple of Sant Gajanan Maharaj of Indore is coordinated by Shri Sadguru Gajanan Maharaj Sevashram in Indore.
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Temple at Aurangabad.
Wonderful temple has been constructed at Aurangabad during 1989-1991. Click here for the image http://www.panoramio.com/photo/62136544 by Suresh Joshi
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Temple at Pune.
There are three temples in and around Pune city. The first one is at Tulsi Baug, the second one at Sahakar Nagar and a huge one, third one is at a private property at Wakad,forth one is at Old Sangavi.

</doc>
<doc id="20827134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827134" title="Georgeanna Tillman">
Georgeanna Tillman

Georgeanna Marie Tillman Gordon (February 6, 1943 – January 6, 1980) was an American singer and an original member of the Motown girl group The Marvelettes.
Life and career.
Born and raised in the western Detroit suburb of Inkster, Michigan, Tillman was 17 when a fellow member of her high school glee club, fifteen-year-old Gladys Horton, asked her to join her unnamed singing group. After one of the members jokingly said "we can't sing yet", they became the "Casinyets" and the group soon featured Katherine Anderson, Juanita Cowart and Georgia Dobbins. After coming in fourth place at a high school talent contest, two of their school's teachers decided to send the group to audition for Motown despite their last place finish. The group auditioned in front of several Motown staffers singing various songs by The Shirelles and The Chantels. Though impressed, the staffers asked the group to come back with an original recording.
Georgia Dobbins later took an unfinished blues song titled "Please Mr. Postman" and rewrote it as a catchier doo-wop single. Before they returned to Motown, Dobbins opted to leave to take care of her sick mother and also partially due to the influence of her minister father in fear of her performing in nightclubs. After Horton found Wanda Young, the group returned with their own song and was quickly signed to Motown's Tamla subsidiary but not before changing their name to the Marvelettes after Motown CEO Berry Gordy claimed their original name was harder to pronounce. "Please Mr. Postman" became Motown's first number-one hit on the pop charts and their second million-seller. Tillman would sing on a total of thirteen Marvelettes singles including the follow-up hits "Twistin' Postman", "Playboy", "Beechwood 4-5789" and "Too Many Fish in the Sea" but not without the group going through some changes. In 1962, original member Juanita Cowart left due to pressures from the business and on the road leading to a nervous breakdown though it had been believed her breakdown was a result of a mistake she made when the group appeared on "American Bandstand" in which she mentioned that Detroit was a suburb of Inkster, rather than the other way around; Cowart continued to sing for the Marvelettes until the end of 1963. Continuing on as a quartet, Tillman soon began to have health problems and by 1963 was diagnosed with lupus, she also had been diagnosed with sickle cell anemia during childhood.
The constant rehearsals, a stringent touring schedule and recording sessions became too much by the beginning of 1965. On the advice of her doctor after she began suffering health issues during performances, Tillman told band mates she was retiring from performing and recording. Tillman officially left the Marvelettes that January with the rest of the group carrying on as a trio. Prior to this Tillman had married Billy Gordon of the popular Motown vocal group The Contours on August 12, 1963 becoming the first of the Marvelettes to marry. They have a son, Darrin Darnell, who is now in his forties. 
Tillman continued to work for Motown from 1965 until 1972 as a secretary. Following Motown's official move to Los Angeles, circa 1972, Georgeanna moved back to her mother's house in Inkster, Michigan where she remained until her death from lupus and sickle cell anemia, on January 6, 1980, one month before her thirty-seventh birthday. Her body is interred in Belleville, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20827142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827142" title="Peter Chitty">
Peter Chitty

Leslie Allan "Peter" Chitty BEM (12 March 1912 - 27 March 1996) was an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and who won the only "Changi Brownlow" awarded in the Prisoner of War Changi Football League.
Youth.
Born in Corryong, Victoria, Chitty grew up on the family dairy farm near Corryong and, along with his brother Bob Chitty, became a leading footballer in the region. Chitty continued to work on the family farm while playing as a rover in Albury until St Kilda enticed him down to Melbourne for the 1936 VFL season.
VFL career.
Awarded guernsey number 36, Chitty made his VFL debut for St Kilda in Round 11, 1936, against Fitzroy at Brunswick Street Oval. After missing Round 12 with a leg injury, Chitty returned to St Kilda's league side for the Round 13 match against South Melbourne. Struck down by injuries, this was to be his last VFL match.
World War II.
Chitty returned to Corryong and was working on his farm when World War II was declared. On 25 July 1940, Chitty enlisted in the Second Australian Imperial Force and was posted to the 2/9 Field Ambulance Convoy, initially as a Private before gaining the rank of Corporal. One of four brothers to enlist, Chitty was sent to Singapore on 1 March 1941 and was stationed with the Australian General Hospital in Malaya when he was captured during the Fall of Singapore in March 1942 and reported missing on 26 March 1942 (although it was not until 9 June 1943 that his family were notified of his capture).
Chitty had three brothers, Arthur, Ronald and Phillip, who also enlisted in the Army. All three served in the North Africa Campaign, Private Arthur Chitty with 2/23 Battalion and Ronald and Phillip with 2/2 Field Ambulance. Arthur was killed in action at El Alamein on 22 July 1942 while Privates Ronald and Phillip Chitty were taken prisoner by the Germans. They were repatriated in 1943 and visited their brother's grave in North Africa in September that year.
Changi Football League.
Transported to Changi Prison's Selerang barracks, Chitty became involved in the Changi Football League, the Australian rules competition for Prisoners at Changi. Chitty played for "Geelong", one of four sides in the league (the others were "Essendon", "Collingwood" and "Carlton"). The League, with 15,000 Australian prisoners to choose from, was reportedly very strong and featured a number of players from leading leagues around the country.
At the end of the season, Chitty captained a side of players from Victoria against a team containing the best players from the rest of the country. The match, which drew 10,000 spectators, saw Chitty awarded the Changi Brownlow from former Brownlow Medallist Wilfred Smallhorn (who was too ill to play). The medal, reputedly made partly from metal from a downed Japanese airplane, became Chitty's good luck charm for the remainder of the war. 
In 1943, Chitty was transferred to Burma where he spent eighteen months working on the Burma Railway. During this time, Chitty carried a fellow soldier who was dying of malaria more than along the Railway, partly for which, on 6 March 1947, he was awarded the British Empire Medal.
After being repatriated at the end of World War II, Chitty was aboard the "Largs Bay" returning to Australia when the 1945 VFL Grand Final between South Melbourne and Carlton was being played. As Chitty's brother Bob was captaining Carlton, Chitty organised a syndicate and bet everything they had (which was beer) on a Carlton win. In an upset, Carlton defeated South Melbourne and Chitty enjoyed his beers.
Post-war.
Chitty arrived back in Australia in October 1945. After two months recovering in hospital, Chitty was discharged on 5 December 1945.
Chitty died in 1996, aged 84, survived by his widow, Lillian, two sons, Lindsay and Roger and two daughters, Dawn and Roslyn. In 2004, Lillian Chitty presented Chitty's Changi Brownlow to the Australian War Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="20827145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827145" title="Japanese Consulate-General, Houston">
Japanese Consulate-General, Houston

The is Japan's diplomatic facility in Houston, Texas, United States. It is located in Suite 3000 at 2 Houston Center, which is located at 900 Fannin Street in Downtown Houston. The consulate serves Texas and Oklahoma.
History.
At one point the consulate was located in Suite 5300 and later Suite 2300 in the Wells Fargo Plaza (formerly the First Interstate Bank Plaza).
For a decade ending in 1993 the consulate refused to pay "user fees" billed to the consulate by the City of Piney Point Village in the Greater Houston Area. The consul general residence is in Piney Point Village. The Japanese argued that this was a tax and that diplomatic facilities should not be taxed. In 1993 the city announced that the consulate owed the city around $14,000 United States dollars. The Japanese argued that international agreements exempted consulate facilities from taxes, while Piney Point Village said the annual fees were for user services. James Baker, a Piney Point Village alderman, threatened to suspend garbage pickup services and expose the Japanese consulate to ridicule. In September of that year a U.S. State Department letter stated that consulates should pay legitimate user fees, and that consulates do not have to pay for fire and police services. The consulate paid almost $12,000, including $4,500 in interest, to the city. According to Vice-Consul Takaki Takinami originally the city charged $14,915.52 before changing the invoice and deducting police and fire costs. Shojiro Imanishi (今西 正次郎 "Imanishi Shōjirō"), who was the outgoing consul-general, agreed to pay $4,500 annually.

</doc>
<doc id="20827155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827155" title="The Justified World Tour">
The Justified World Tour

The Justified World Tour (also known as Justified World Tour Lovin' It Live) was the debut concert tour by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. The tour supported his debut studio album, "Justified" (2002). The tour reached North America, Europe and Australia.
Background.
In September 2003, McDonald's announced Timberlake as a new spokesmen for their "I'm Lovin' It" campaign. Timberlake recorded "I'm Lovin' It", to be featured in ads for the franchise, later expanded and released as a single in December 2003. McDonald's later announced they will sponsor a tour for Timberlake, following his successful North American tour with Christina Aguilera. Timberlake stated, ""I love what McDonald's is doing with the new 'i'm lovin' it' campaign and it's cool to be part of it [...] We share the same crowd -- people who like to have fun -- and that's what this new partnership and my European concert tour is all about."" The tour begin with Timberlake playing intimate gigs at clubs and theatres in the United States and Australia before expanding to arenas in Europe. After select shows in the U.K., Timberlake performed at local clubs and theatres following his performance in that city.
Set list.
Source:
Broadcasts and recordings.
A live album titled "" was released on December 16, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20827156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827156" title="Fusk">
Fusk

Fusk (, also Romanized as Fūsk; also known as Qūshk) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 Census, its population was 120, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="20827192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827192" title="Vimolchatra">
Vimolchatra

Princess Vimolchatra of Thailand (RTGS: "Vimonchat"; ; 27 June 1921 – 5 December 2009), was a Princess of Thailand, a member of Thai Royal Family. She was one of the longest-living royal personages in Thailand. She was the direct granddaughter of King Chulalongkorn.
Biography.
Princess Vimolchatra was born on 27 June 1921, in Bangkok, Thailand. She is the second daughter and youngest child of Prince Purachatra Jayakara, the Prince of Kamphaengphet (son of Chulalongkorn, Rama V of Siam and Chao Chom Manda Wad). Her mother is Princess Prabhavasidhi Narumala of Siam (daughter of Prince Chaturanta Rasmi, the Prince Chakrabadibongse and Mom Rajawongse Savang Siriwongse. She is the direct granddaughter of King Chulalongkorn and also the great-granddaughter of King Mongkut (Rama IV). She has 2 siblings; 1 elder sisters, and 1 elder brother:
Marriage.
Princess Vimolchatra married Prince Udaya Chalermlabh Vudhijaya, son of Prince Vudhijaya Chalermlabha, the Prince Singhavikrom Kriangkrai on 1 May 1939. The couple have a son and a daughter;
Princess Vimolchatra performs many royal functions and many social duties on behalf of Their Majesties the King and Queen. She is the president of King Rama IX Park Foundation. She has shown keen interest in public affairs and education of the poor around the country.
She died in the early of 5 December 2009, at Praram 9 Hospital, Bangkok from renal failure. She died on King Bhumibol Adulyadej's 82nd birthday, before the royal birthday ceremony at the Grand Palace. There are held 7 days of the Royal funeral at Wat Debsirin.

</doc>
<doc id="20827199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827199" title="Dobrova, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Dobrova, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Dobrova () is a clustered settlement northwest of Ljubljana in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec. It lies on the road from Ljubljana to Polhov Gradec at the point where roads split off to Horjul to the southwest and to Šentvid, Ljubljana to the northeast. It extends along the flat area to the northeast up to the Gradaščica River and encompasses much of Dobrova Hill (, 603 m; also known as Vrhe Hill or Jazbina Hill) to the southwest. Bezenica Creek, Broad Creek (), and Ječnik Creek, left tributaries of the Horjulščica River, flow through the hills west of the settlement. Dobrova includes the hamlets of Pod Kotom () northwest of the main settlement and Graben southwest of the main settlement.
Name.
Dobrova was first mentioned in German written sources in 1252 as "in Harde" (literally, 'in the woods'), in 1354 as "cze Hard" ('at the woods'), and in 1490 as "bey der Hurd" ('by the woods'), semantically corresponding to the Slovene name. The name "Dobrova" is derived from Common Slavic "*dǫbrova" 'place where there is a deciduous or oak forest', in turn derived from "*dǫbъ" 'deciduous tree, oak'. Like similar names (e.g., "Dobrovce, Dobrovnik, Zadobrova"), it originally referred to the local vegetation. In the 19th century it was known as "Dobrawa" in German.
History.
The name of nearby Gradišče Hill (cf. "grad" 'castle') south of Dobrova, across the Horjulščica River, hints at late Roman or even earlier settlement of the area. A school was founded in Dobrova in 1844 in the sexton's house, which was later adapted for school needs.
Second World War.
On 8 July 1942 the Partisans attacked an Italian stronghold at the rectory in Dobrova. On the following day the village was burned. On 20 November 1942 the Partisans abducted and killed seven people from the nearby village of Zaklanec in the Broad Creek Gorge. On 27 January 1943 the Partisans burned down the newly built six-year school in Dobrova.
Church.
The parish church in Dobrova is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and was one of the most important pilgrimage churches in Carniola. A church or chapel has stood at this site since before 1231, when the structure there was enlarged. According to Johann Weikhard von Valvasor, this is one of the oldest church sites in Slovenia, and according to some sources it may even date to as early as 970. The current church was built between 1711 and 1716, largely due to the efforts of Baron Franc Bogomir Polhograjski, at that time the cathedral canon and dean in Ljubljana. The church was designed by the architect Gregor Maček (1682–1745). The height of the bell tower was increased in 1752. The interior frescos were painted by Matija Bradaška (1852–1915) and the main altar is a work by Matija Tomc (1814–1885). The church was formerly known as the Our Lady of the Hazels Church () due to the hazels that still grow there. The church has been protected as a cultural heritage monument since 2009.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born in, lived in, or had family connections to Dobrova include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827211" title="Lorna Suafoa">
Lorna Suafoa

 
Lorna Tomasone Suafoa (born 7 October 1975 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former New Zealand international netball representative, who played in the Silver Ferns team that won a silver medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur. Since 1998 she has represented Samoa in netball.

</doc>
<doc id="20827250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827250" title="Katsukawa Shunsen">
Katsukawa Shunsen

, who is also known as Shunkō II, was a designer of books and ukiyo-e style Japanese woodblock prints. He was born in 1762 and designed prints from about 1805 to about 1821. He initially studied with the Rimpa school artist Tsutsumi Tōrin III. In 1806 or 1807, Shunsen became a student of Katsukawa Shun'ei, and changed his name from “Kojimachi Shunsen” to “Katsukawa Shunsen”. In 1820 he succeeded Katsukawa Shunkō I, becoming Katsukawa Shunkō II. In the late 1820s, he ceased producing woodblock prints and devoted himself to painting ceramics. He died about 1830.
Shunsen is best known for his genre scenes, landscapes, and prints of beautiful women.

</doc>
<doc id="20827263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827263" title="George Hugh Smith">
George Hugh Smith

George H. Smith (February 3, 1834 – February 6, 1915) was a Confederate Civil War veteran and prominent Los Angeles lawyer, judge and politician.
Early life and career.
George Hugh Smith was born in Philadelphia, the son of George Archibald Smith and Ophelia Ann Williams. His family moved back to Virginia when he was a child. Smith attended Virginia Military Institute (VMI) in Lexington, Virginia with his cousin George Smith Patton, and graduated in 1853, ranking 6th out of 26 cadets. At first Smith was an assistant instructor at the VMI, but he was admitted to the bar in 1855 and practiced law in Glenville, Virginia until he journeyed into the west and settled in the Washington Territory. In 1860 he returned to the east and practiced law in Baltimore.
Civil War.
In 1861 Smith entered the Confederate States Army on June 11 as a Private in the Pendleton Rifles, which became Company E of the 25th Virginia Infantry. Elected as Captain on July 1, he and his men were part of the surrender after the Battle of Rich Mountain. Being paroled 2 weeks later he was formally exchanged in March 1862, and was elected as Colonel of his regiment. He was wounded in the Battle of McDowell and received another wound at the Second Battle of Bull Run. After recovering in late 1862 Smith was ordered by the War Department to take several hundred newly exchanged soldiers to Colonel John D. Imboden for service in western Virginia, and was offered the command of them. In January 1863 he became Colonel of the new 1st Regiment Virginia Partisan Rangers, that became the 62nd Virginia Mounted Infantry, as part of General Imboden's Cavalry Brigade and took it into the Jones-Imboden Raid.
In June 1863 the brigade went North, and took part in the Gettysburg Campaign as part of Imboden´s Command that covered the retreat into Virginia. Smith and his men spent the rest of 1863 and early 1864 scouting and skirmishing in northwestern Virginia. While Smith acted as brigade commander on behalf of General Imboden he was transferred with his (now dismounted) regiment to the forces of General John C. Breckinridge. He participated in the battles of New Market and Cold Harbor. Rushing to take part in the Lynchburg Campaign Colonel Smith and his regiment were reassigned to General Imboden and mounted again; and took part in the further Valley Campaigns of 1864. When General Imboden was struck with typhoid fever Smith took command of the brigade on July 5 and reassumed it several times till the end of the war. Being nominated for a promotion to Brigadier General by his division command General Lunsford Lomax the nomination was at first vetoed by General Lee. Later on in 1865 General Lee endorsed the promotion, but it was too late in the war to be realized.
Postbellum.
When the war ended Smith first fled to Cuba and in 1866 went to try farming in Mexico. He then went to San Francisco in 1868, and then to Los Angeles in 1869.
Los Angeles legal practice.
In 1870 Smith joined the law partnership of Alfred Chapman and Andrew Glassell, the firm becoming known as Glassell, Chapman & Smith. Their law practice was confined chiefly to real estate transactions and they made their fortunes in the large partition suits. This law firm acquired and developed the land which ultimately became the city of Orange, California.
Colonel Smith became a California State Senator (1877–1878), Reporter of the California Supreme Court (1879–1882), and volumes 54 thru 62 of California Reports (1881–1884) were issued under his name, Commissioner California Supreme Court (1899–1904), and an Associate Justice of the California Courts of Appeal (1905–1906).
George Smith was a prolific author of California Supreme Court opinions. He was a frequent contributor to the American Law Review. He was a founding trustee and teacher at the Los Angeles Law School.
Family life.
George H. Smith's elder brother Isaac Williams Smith (1826 - 1896), graduated VMI in 1847. He was a captain of engineers in the Confederate Army. After the war, Isaac Smith went to Mexico where he served as district engineer on the Imperial Mexican Railroad from Veracruz to Mexico City.
George H. Smith's younger brother Henry Martyn Smith (1844–1892), was a Captain in the Confederate Army. Henry Smith also went to Mexico in 1866 - 1867. In 1868, he went to San Francisco, and taught school at the Oakland Academy. In 1869, Henry Smith came to Los Angeles, practiced law; and was a Superior Court Judge 1883 - 1884. Henry Martyn Smith is interred at Angelus-Rosedale Cemetery in Los Angeles.
In June 1870 George H. Smith married his cousin’s widow Susan Glassell Patton (1835 - 1883).
George H. Smith died at his desk in Los Angeles and is interred at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20827281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827281" title="Chris Foote">
Chris Foote

Chris Foote may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20827294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827294" title="Elisa Bertino">
Elisa Bertino

Elisa Bertino is a professor of computer science at Purdue University and is acting as the research director of CERIAS, the Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security, an institute attached to Purdue University. Professor Bertino's research interest include a variety of topics mainly in data privacy and security. She has authored or co-authored more than 500 research articles published in international refereed conferences and journals. She also authored, co-authored, or edited 19 books. Professor Bertino received her Ph.D. degree from the University of Pisa on 1980 and she is a fellow of IEEE and Association for Computing Machinery (since 2003).

</doc>
<doc id="20827310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827310" title="West Forsyth High School">
West Forsyth High School

West Forsyth High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20827316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827316" title="Babna Gora, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Babna Gora, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Babna Gora () is a dispersed settlement, east of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It stands below Veternik Hill (554 m; also known as Vetrnik or Tabor). It includes the hamlet of Zibel to the southwest of the main settlement.
Name.
Babna Gora was first mentioned in 1315 as "ouf dem Babenberch pei dem Stein" (literally, 'on Mount Baben by the stone') and in 1490 as "Babina Gora". It is mentioned as "Wabnagora" or "Babnagora" in Johann Weikhard von Valvasor's 1689 work "The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola". In the 19th century it was known as "Babnagora" in German. Oral tradition claims that the name Babna Gora (literally, 'women's mountain') is derived from the Babčar Fort (see below) because the local women would take refuge there and to repel Turkish attacks. However, because the fortification postdates the 1315 attestation of the village's name (the Turks attacked the area only once, in 1476), this is merely a folk explanation. In fact, lone cliffs or rock formations are often named "Baba" 'old woman' or "Dedec" 'old man' in Slovenia, and it is from this that the toponym "Babna Gora" and oeconym "Babčar" are derived.
History.
Valvasor's 1689 "The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola" states that an "old, destroyed, mighty camp" stood at the top of Veternik Hill and that it was a "large structure, containing fourteen rooms." This fortification, the Babčar Fort (), is named after the Babčar farm in the village and dates back to at least the 15th century. The ruins of the Babčar Fort are protected as cultural heritage.
Mass grave.
The forest just outside Babna Gora is the site of a civilian mass grave from World War II known as the Martinčič Family Grave (). The victims were nine members of the Hudnik family from the Martinčič farm (an oeconym) that were executed by the Partisans on 12 April 1942 for sheltering a deserter.
Cultural heritage.
In addition to the Babčar Fort, several other structures in Babna Gora have protected cultural monument status:

</doc>
<doc id="20827321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827321" title="Simla Conference">
Simla Conference

The Simla Conference was a 1945 meeting between Viceroy Archibald Wavell and the major political leaders of India at Simla, India. Convened to agree on and approve the Wavell Plan for Indian self-government, it reached a potential agreement for the self-rule of India that provided separate representation to Muslims and reduced majority powers for both communities in their majority regions.
Talks stalled, however, on the issue of selection of Muslim representatives. Seeking to assert itself and its claim to be the sole representative of Indian Muslims, the All-India Muslim League and its leader Muhammad Ali Jinnah refused to back any plan in which the Indian National Congress, the dominant party in the talks, appointed Muslim representatives. This scuttled the conference, and perhaps the last viable opportunity for a united, independent India. When the Indian National Congress and All India Muslim League reconvened under the Cabinet Mission the next year, the Indian National Congress was far less sympathetic to the Muslim League's requests despite Jinnah's approval of the British plan. 
References.
it was in 1906 not 1945

</doc>
<doc id="20827325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827325" title="Charlie Fincher">
Charlie Fincher

Charles "Charlie" Fincher (23 January 1892 — 25 April 1915) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL), and with Essendon Town Football Club in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).
A private in the First AIF, he was killed in action, shot by a bullet, as he reached the beach, during the very first landings at Gallipoli on 25 April 1915. 
Family.
Second eldest of the nine children (six boys and three girls) of George Francis Fincher and Margaret Fincher, née Nicoll, he was born in Footscray, Victoria on 23 January 1892. The family moved to Lauriston, near Kyneton, Victoria. He attended Lauriston State School.
Footballer.
One of his young brothers, John Alexander "Jack" Fincher (1904-1970) was also a talented footballer, playing senior VFL football with Richmond (1927-1930) and with Footscray (1931-1933).
Country Footballer.
Charlie Fincher was an exceptionally talented young footballer, playing with the senior Lauriston team when just 15, transferring to the side from Malmsbury, Victoria that played in the Kyneton District Association, and then, in 1911, he played the first of his two seasons with the Ballarat club Scarsdale. In his second year with Scarsdale he represented the Ballarat League in matches against Geelong, a combined Broken Hill side, and a combined VFL team.
South Melbourne.
His form in the representative matches impressed the South Melbourne Football Club, and Finscher was invited to Melbourne to train with the team. Granted a clearance on 25 April 1913 (exactly two years before his death), he played his first senior VFL match with South Melbourne, against St Kilda, at the Lake Oval, on Saturday, 26 April 1913 (round one), as a rover. He played well and kicked one goal.
The next Saturday, he played in a tough match in very wet conditions against Carlton, at Princes Park, which South Melbourne drew with Carlton despite having five less scoring shots.
He missed the next two matches, then played well in South Melbourne's 14 point round five win over Geelong, scoring two goals, In round six, he played against Melbourne,then against Fitzroy and University.
He did not play for two weeks, then played again in rounds eleven, twelve, and thirteen. In his last match on 19 July 1913 (round thirteen), against Essendon, South Melbourne unexpectedly lost by 20 points (South Melbourne did not scoring a goal until the last quarter).
Essendon Town Football Club.
On 29 April, he was granted a clearance from South Melbourne to the Essendon Town Football Club, also known as Essendon 'A', and was given a permit to play with them.
He played his first match for Essendon 'A', against Brighton, on Saturday, 2 May 1914 (round four); he played well in a team that beat Brighton by 89 points.
He played consistently well for the team in the remaining games of the season, playing his last VFA game in the 31 point, 8.10 (58) to 13.11 (89), Semi-Final loss to North Melbourne (the eventual premiers in 1914).
Soldier.
At the time of his enlistment (18 August 1914), he was living in Albert Park, and was employed as an engine-driver with the Metropolitan Gas Company. Two of his brothers, Lieutenant George Francis Fincher (3729),and Lieutenant James Francis Fincher (3730), also served in the First AIF; and each of his brothers was Mentioned in Despatches.
He embarked from Melbourne on the "HMAT Orvieto" on 21 October 1914, bound for Egypt and the Dardanelles. Mid-way across the Indian Ocean, their ship encountered, and took on board, survivors from the German raider, the SMS Emden, that had been defeated by HMAS Sydney.
Death.
He was killed in action, shot by a bullet, as he was about to make the beach, during the very first landings at Gallipoli on 25 April 1915.
Remembered.
His remains were never recovered; and he has no known Grave. His name is recorded on the Lone Pine Memorial at Gallipoli, Turkey; it is also located at panel 3 in the Commemorative Area at the Australian War Memorial, and it appears on the side of the pedestal of the War Memorial at Kyneton, Victoria.
On Saturday evening, 21 August 1915, the Essendon Town Football Club conducted a farewell function for seven of its members who had enlisted. There were many patriotic speeches given, and presentations were made to each of the enlisted men. As a mark of respect, one place was kept vacant throughout the evening; it had the name of Charlie Fincher attached to it.

</doc>
<doc id="20827345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827345" title="Belica, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Belica, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Belica () is a small settlement east of the town of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies on the left bank of the Gradaščica River on the road from Ljubljana to Polhov Gradec, bounded by Rabidovš Hill (520 m) to the north and Črtež Hill (480 m) to the northwest.
Name.
The name "Belica" literally means 'white (creek)'. Belica was first mentioned in written sources in 1303 under the German name "Weissempach" (literally, 'white creek'), and in 1436 with the Slovene name represented as "Welcz". In the 19th century it was known as "Belza" in German. Like most Slovene places called "Belica", this name is also derived from a hydronym, as reflected in Belca Creek, which flows through the settlement.
History.
A bronze plaque in the Belca Gorge () above Belica has cultural heritage status. This memorial commemorates the Second World War Partisan First Battalion of the Dolomite Detachment. The bronze plaque was installed to replace an earlier stone plaque, and it reads: "Passersby, pause. In the Belca Gorge on 19 March 1943, 22 men from the First Battalion of the Dolomite Detachment of the National Liberation Army and Partisan Detachments of Slovenia, including the commandant of the battalion, the people's hero Vladimir "Lado" Dolničar, a.k.a. Rudi, fell in a battle with the Italians, Germans, and White Guard." Dolničar committed suicide after being seriously injured in order to evade capture.
In August 1963, the Belca Gorge was the site where the anti-communist revolutionary Janez Toplišek (1930–1965) was ambushed by the Yugoslav secret police and taken into custody. Toplišek had crossed the border from Austria with weapons and propaganda material, unwittingly accompanied by two Yugoslav secret police agents. After his arrest he was initially imprisoned with other enemies of the communist regime at the Goli Otok prison camp, and then moved to the Stara Gradiška prison, where he was killed during an escape attempt on 15 November 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20827361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827361" title="The Lickets">
The Lickets

The Lickets are an American experimental folk music group based in San Francisco. As of April 2009 the group centers around multi-instrumentalists; Lena Buell, Mitch Greer and Rachel Smith. The style is noted for being difficult to describe, and often critical focus falls on attempts to define the compositional style.
History.
The Lickets have been elusive, while maintaining a steady presence on independent radio and media outside of the mainstream. Even in communication with the press, their motives remain unclear, as detailed in a review in Skyscraper: "it was almost impossible to get a lead on where they came from or who they were," as well as in a review in the Wire: "From the Max Ernst-style Merz of the cover of Fake Universe Man to the International Corporation's zoned out PR sheet, which comes under the guise of a big business communique complete with analysis detailing the temporal point-origin of each vertical stratum of the CD in relation to its position along the recording's time line. It's evident The Lickets are not some tepidly traditional collective." A short film has been made for Journey In Caldecott, but their work is open for visual interpretation. Ed Pinsent suggested about the music: "Construct your own visuals, or use those which have been provided for you."
Commentary.
The collective is described as a "transcendental mini-orchestra", and their work has been called "empyrean, luminously beautiful", "Haunting, eerie, and altogether unique", and "ruly something magical. Its bizarre classical music that's repetitious and hypnotic in the way that Phillip Glass can sometimes be. Its also occasionally elevating. It feels like music made by magical lord of the rings elves and its worth listening to. Among other things, it is deeply enchanting." 
<br>The Fly described them as "Think following the Pied Piper in 2022 across all lands and gradually building up a band of all sounds with an aim to drive out the mechanical rats." made with "hypnotic, aggressively thrusting streams of acoustic guitars, whispered vocals, vibes, and cellos." The ensemble fits somewhat and has been included in the emergent critical and curatorial efforts of projects like that of Stuart Maconie's Freak Zone, yet the style also fits in the compositional and performance context of both experimental folk and avant garde jazz movements of the late 1960s, particularly those of John and Alice Coltrane, and incorporates elements that are hypnotic and similar to that of Balinese trance music.

</doc>
<doc id="20827371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827371" title="Mexicanal">
Mexicanal

Mexicanal is a Mexican-based Spanish-language television network launched in 2005 by Castalia Communications and Cablecom of Mexico. The network's studios and broadcast center is based in the Mexican city of San Luis Potosí.
Programming.
Mexicanal features news, cultural programming, sports and popular entertainment from public broadcasters, independent producers and public access stations throughout Mexico.
Programming on Mexicanal also includes its daily news program, "MX24 Noticias", featuring the top local, national and international news. It is anchored by Cecilia Mendez, with Raul Espinosa and Miguel Gallegos.
Other programs include:
Comcast and DirectTV offer Mexicanal in their line-ups in all the American territory
References.
http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexicanal

</doc>
<doc id="20827385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827385" title="WCDZ">
WCDZ

WCDZ (95.1 FM "Star 95.1") is a radio station broadcasting a "Kool Gold" format. Owned by Thunderbolt Broadcasting of Martin, Tennessee, USA, WCDZ serves the Dresden, Tennessee area. It began broadcasting in 1991 as WJZK; the original owner was John Latham of Camden, Tennessee.
History.
WCDZ went on the air on November 18, 1991 as WJZK. The original format was Lee Abrams' Classic Rock from the Satellite Music Network. The network DJs were Richard Burton, Scott Manning, Susan Carr, Chuck Nasty, and Bruce Carey; Tracy Sharp and Ray Garrett were the local DJs. The programing consisted of "The Floyd Fix" (40 minutes of Pink Floyd music), "Sci-Fi 60s" (psychedelic rock of the 1960s) Iron Butterfly's In A Gadda Da Vida in its full 17 minute form starting the show, "CD Side Saturday" (six hours of the best CD sides), "The Dead Zone" (one hour of Grateful Dead concert material), and "Naked Rock" (Sunday mornings a show devoted to Acoustic Rock), with "The Long Distance Run Around" (all request show) and "The Long Distance Runaround Count Down" on Sunday nights, as well as "Friday Night Live" (a full hour of live concert material from Classic Rock's best).
The station was the first in the West Tennessee area to broadcast digitally 24 hours a day.
The station's format changed on March 1, 1992, to a 24-7 Southern Gospel format, changing its callsign to WGNN.
Thunderbolt Broadcasting bought the station on February 28, 1994, and changed the call letters to WCDZ. The station changed formats again, to Country. The morning DJs were Stewart Byars and Ray Garrett. The station carried the Jones Radio Network's CD Country then added broadcasts from the Atlanta Braves and Tennessee Vols sports.
In 1998, the station changed to oldies from the Jones Radio Network. That change proved to be very successful for the station. On October 8, 2010, WCDZ modified its programming to classic hits and is now called "Star 95.1."
Technical information.
WCDZ's tower site is located in Dresden, Tennessee. The station's studio is co-located with WCMT (AM 1410) and WCMT-FM (101.3 FM) at 1410 North Lindell Street in Martin, Tennessee. WCDZ-FM, WCMT-FM, and WCMT are a part of the Thunderbolt family, which also includes WYVY-FM and WQAK-FM in Union City, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="20827399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827399" title="Ghatal subdivision">
Ghatal subdivision

Ghatal subdivision is a subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of five municipalities (Ramjibanpur, Chandrakona, Kshirpai, Kharar and Ghatal) and five community development blocks: Chandrakona–I, Chandrakona–II, Daspur–I, Daspur–II and Ghatal. The five blocks contain 48 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Ghatal. 
Area.
Apart from the five municipalities of Ramjibanpur, Chandrakona, Kshirpai, Kharar and Ghatal, the subdivision contains rural areas of 48 gram panchayats under five community development blocks: Chandrakona–I, Chandrakona–II, Daspur–I, Daspur–II and Ghatal. There is no urban area under these five blocks.
Blocks.
Chandrakona–I block.
Rural area under Chandrakona–I block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Jara, Mangrul, Monoharpur–I, Lakshmipur, Manikkundu and Monoharpur–II. Chandrakona police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chandrakona.
Chandrakona–II block.
Rural area under Chandrakona–II block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Bandipur–I, Basanchora, Bhagabantapur–II, Bandipur–II, Bhagabantapur–I and Kuapur. Chandrakona police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chandrakona.
Daspur–I block.
Rural area under Daspur–I block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Basudevpur, Nandanpur–I, Panchberia, Sarberia–II, Daspur–I, Nandanpur–II, Rajnagar, Daspur–II, Niz Narajol and Sarberia–I. Daspur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Daspur.
Daspur–II block.
Rural area under Daspur–II block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Benai, Goura, Kheput Dakshnibarh, Ranichak, Chaipat, Jyotghanashyam, Khukurdaha, Sahachak, Dudhkomra, Kamalpur, Nishchintapur, Gochhati, Khanjapur and Palashpai. Daspur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Daspur.
Ghatal block.
Rural area under Ghatal block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Ajabnagar–I, Dewanchak–I, Mansuka–I, Monoharpur–I, Ajabnagar–II, Dewanchak–II, Mansuka–II, Monoharpur–II, Beersingha, Irhpala, Mohanpur and Sultanpur. Ghatal police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ghatal.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:
Schools in Ghatal Subdivision.
Name of the schools are - 1. Ghatal Vidyasagar High School, 2. Natuk Vivekananda Vidyamandir 3. Rathipur Barada Banipith 4. Birsingha Bhagabati Vidyalaya 5. Ghatal Basanta Kumari High School
6.Ghatal Y.S.S.Y.Vidyapith.
7.Gobindanagar Gandhi Satabarshiki Vidyalaya
8.Maharajpur High School

</doc>
<doc id="20827412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827412" title="Bednarek">
Bednarek

Bednarek is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827460" title="Dromoi">
Dromoi

Dromoi (Greek: δρόμοι "ways"; singular: δρόμος) is the word for a melody type of the Greek music system.
In Greek music theory, dromoi is not only characterized by a sequence of phonemes, but also individual characteristics such as specific sounds that attract the neighboring sounds and concrete ways to jump from one dromos to another. These apply in general and on the way of rebetiko music.

</doc>
<doc id="20827469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827469" title="Brezje pri Dobrovi">
Brezje pri Dobrovi

Brezje pri Dobrovi () is an elongated village in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia on the road from Dobrova to Horjul. It lies on the somewhat elevated north side of the marshy valley of Horjulka Creek and it also includes the hamlet of Poljšno Brdo to the east of the main settlement. Ključ Hill (623 m) rises above the settlement to the north, and Strmca Hill (472 m) to the south.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Brezje" to "Brezje pri Dobrovi" in 1953. "Brezje pri Dobrovi" literally means 'Brezje near Dobrova'. The name "Brezje" is shared with several other places in Slovenia and is derived from the word "brezje" 'birch grove'. In the 19th century it was known as "Bresie" in German.
History.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Agnes. The church was first mentioned in 1526. It was originally built in Gothic style, but was remodeled in Baroque style in 1729 and 1758. The church is registered as a cultural monument.
A school was established in the village in 1911 in a private home, and a schoolhouse was built in 1928.
On 12 May 1942 there was a pitched battle at nearby Ključ Hill between the Partisans and the Italians, during which the village came under fire, and was then burned on 13 May.
Mass grave.
Brezje pri Dobrovi is the site of two civilian mass graves from the Second World War. The Ključ 1 Mass Grave () and Ključ 2 Mass Grave () are pits on the southern slope of Ključ Hill. Three sisters from the Skopec family of Stranska Vas, from the Glinar farm, were murdered and buried here by the Partisans on 28 April 1942 after the leadership of the Dolomite Detachment accused them of betrayal.
Cultural heritage.
In addition to Saint Agnes' Church, Brezje pri Dobrovi has several structures registered as cultural heritage:
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Brezje pri Dobrovi include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827470" title="Jack Freeman (Australian rules footballer)">
Jack Freeman (Australian rules footballer)

Jack Freeman was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. Top goalscorer for South Melbourne in 1914, he was badly wounded in World War I. After having both legs amputated, he died in a military hospital on his 25th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="20827485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827485" title="Raghunath Singh">
Raghunath Singh

Raghunath Singh was an Indian National Congress leader. He was the member of parliament Lok Sabha from Varanasi being elected in 1952, 1957 and 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20827511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827511" title="Dave Gillespie">
Dave Gillespie

Dave Gillespie was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League. After being severely injured in World War I, he was repatriated to Australia. He later died of his wounds, and was buried in Coburg Cemetery. His twin brother was Carlton premiership player Doug Gillespie.

</doc>
<doc id="20827513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827513" title="Medinipur Sadar subdivision">
Medinipur Sadar subdivision

Medinipur Sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Midnapore municipality and six community development blocks: Medinipur Sadar, Garhbeta–I, Garhbeta–II, Garhbeta–III, Keshpur and Shalboni. The six blocks contain one census town and 64 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Midnapore. 
Area.
Apart from the Midnapore municipality, the subdivision contains one census town and rural areas of 64 gram panchayats under six community development blocks: Medinipur Sadar, Garhbeta–I, Garhbeta–II, Garhbeta–III, Keshpur and Shalboni. The only census town is: Durllabhganj.
Blocks.
Medinipur Sadar block.
Rural area under Medinipur Sadar block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Banpura, Monidaha, Pathra, Chandra, Panchkhuri–I, Shiromoni, Dherua, Panchkhuri–II and Tantigeria. There is no urban area under this block. Medinipur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Barapathar Cantonment.
Garhbeta–I block.
Rural area under Garhbeta–I block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Agra, Baramura, Garanga, Kharkusma, Amkopa, Benachapra, Garhbeta, Sandhipur, Amlagora, Dhadika, Katra Uttarbil and Shyamnagar. There is no urban area under this block. Goaltor and Garhbeta police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Garhbeta.
Garhbeta–II block.
Rural area under Garhbeta–II block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Amlasuli, Jeerapara, Patharpara, Sarboth, Goaltor, Jogardanga, Pingbani, Gohaldanga, Makli and Piyasala. There is no urban area under this block. Goaltor police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Goaltor.
Garhbeta–III block.
Rural area under Garhbeta–III block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Amsole, Nalbona, Raskunda, Shankarkanta, Karsa, Nayabasat, Satbankura and Uriasai. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Durllabhganj. Goaltor and Garhbeta police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Satbankura.
Keshpur block.
Rural area under Keshpur block consists of 15 gram panchayats, viz. Amanpur, Enayetpur, Kalagram, Sarisha Khola, Amrakuchi, Golar, Jhentla, Shirsha, Anandapur, Jagannathpur, Keshpur, Teghari, Dhalhara, Jorakeudi Solidiha and Mugbasan. There is no urban area under this block. Keshpur police station & Anandapur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Keshpur.
Shalboni block.
Rural area under Shalboni block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Bankibandh, Debgram, Kashijora, Shatpati, Bhimpur, Garhmal, Lalgeria, Bishnupur, Karnagarh and Shalboni. There is no urban area under this block. Shalboni police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Shalboni.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20827522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827522" title="Briše pri Polhovem Gradcu">
Briše pri Polhovem Gradcu

Briše pri Polhovem Gradcu () is a dispersed settlement just south of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies in the valley of Little Creek () on the road from Polhov Gradec to Lučine and includes the hamlets of Škofijski Hrib (), Zavrh, and Štebavnik. It is surrounded by Praproče Hill (, 594 m) and Mount Polhov Gradec (, 842 m) to the north, Little Peak (, 708 m) to the west, Big Hill (, 602 m) to the south, Kladnik Hill (588 m) to the southeast, and Zvonščica Hill (530 m) to the east.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Briše" to "Briše pri Polhovem Gradcu" in 1953. The name "Briše pri Polhovem Gradcu" literally means 'Briše near Polhov Gradec'. Briše pri Polhovem Gradcu was first mentioned in written records in 1410 as "hof ze Grisch". In the 19th century it was known as "Brische" in German. The name "Briše" is shared with a number of other settlements in Slovenia but is of unclear origin, perhaps derived from a personal name.
Religious heritage.
The local church stands south of the settlement and is dedicated to the Three Kings. It was first mentioned in documents dating to 1526. It was extended and rebuilt in the 18th century. The main altar dates to 1912. The altar painting of the Three Kings is believed to be a work by Leopold Layer (1752–1828). The church is registered as cultural heritage.
At the northeast end of the village on the road to Polhov Gradec is an open chapel-shrine dedicated to the Three Kings. It was designed by Tomaž Štrukelj, a pupil of Jože Plečnik, and was built in 1939 to replace an older shrine damaged by flooding in 1924 and 1926. It incorporates a copy of a wooden high relief dating from approximately 1650 from the old chapel depicting the Three Kings. The shrine is registered as cultural heritage.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to its church and shrine, Briše pri Polhovem Gradcu has a number of other registered cultural heritage items:
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Briše pri Polhovem Gradcu include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827524" title="Elvis Ngolle Ngolle">
Elvis Ngolle Ngolle

Elvis Ngolle Ngolle (born 14 April 1953) is a Cameroonian politician and a professor, currently serving in the government of Cameroon as Minister of Forestry and Wildlife. He has been a member of the government since 1997.
Teaching career and early political activities.
Ngolle Ngolle was born in kack, located in South West region. 
He is of Bakossi origin.
He taught political science at the University of Denver in the United States from 1983 to 1985, and he subsequently taught at the University of Yaoundé's International Relations Institute of Cameroon (IRIC). He has been a resource person for the ruling Cameroon People's Democratic Movement (RDPC) since the early 1990s. He participated in the 1990 tripartite talks and subsequently participated in talks between the RDPC and the main opposition Social Democratic Front (SDF).
Government service.
Ngolle Ngolle was first appointed to the government as Minister of Special Duties at the Presidency of the Republic on 7 December 1997. Following the October 2004 presidential election, he defended President Paul Biya at the Supreme Court and argued against the petitions filed by members of the opposition; all of those petitions were dismissed. Speaking to "The Post" in July 2006, after Biya called an extraordinary RDPC congress, Ngolle Ngolle said that, because the RDPC was the ruling party, the health of the RDPC was indicative of the health of Cameroon as a whole. He also stressed that "power is seen as something that has a moral substance" in the RDPC and that "when you are in power and managing people, you must show exemplary conduct". According to Ngolle Ngolle, Biya's re-election as RDPC National President at the congress was almost a foregone conclusion due to what he described as Biya's impressive achievements; he credited Biya with introducing multiparty democracy as well as working with the opposition and thereby facilitating dialogue between political parties.
After nearly nine years as Minister of Special Duties, Ngolle Ngolle was promoted to the position of Minister of Forestry and Wildlife on 22 September 2006.
As Minister of Forestry and Wildlife, Ngolle Ngolle worked to enforce anti-poaching laws and curb the illegal sale of bushmeat. Although a law designed to protect endangered species from poaching was passed in 1994, it was not enforced until around 2004, and even afterward trade in illegal bushmeat remained quite widespread. Ngolle Ngolle complained in early 2010 that "we see people selling bushmeat everywhere, anywhere, in public places, along the roadsides. And it's more or less putting a shame on our dignity and our commitment to fight illegal poaching." At the same time, he discussed the introduction of a new government program to regulate the trade by allowing the sale of bushmeat only at specially designated places. At those places, bushmeat from relatively prolific species, such as cane rats, could be sold, but people selling meat from endangered species would be punished. Related government initiatives conducted by Ngolle Ngolle's ministry involved the recruitment of forest guards and providing bushmeat traders with work in the agricultural sector.

</doc>
<doc id="20827532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827532" title="Gotthard Johann von Knorring">
Gotthard Johann von Knorring

Gotthard Johann von Knorring (1744–1825) (Bogdan Fyodorovich Knorring) was a Russian general of the infantry of Baltic German descent.
Biography.
Knorring grew up on Ervita manor, Estonia. He was appointed general quartermaster in 1788 and had active duty during the war against Sweden (1788–1790). In 1792-1794 he participated in the campaign in Poland. When Paul I started his reign, Knorring withdrew from the military for some years. He participated in the war against France in 1807 but was recalled due to disagreements with the commanding general, Levin August von Bennigsen. In December 1808 he was appointed commander of the Russian forces in Finland after Friedrich Wilhelm von Buxhoevden and under his command the Russian forces crossed the Gulf of Bothnia on the ice and invaded Sweden proper. Shortly after, in March 1809 the command of the Russian forces transferred to Michael Andreas Barclay de Tolly. He died in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="20827546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827546" title="Bednarski">
Bednarski

Bednarski is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827554" title="Butajnova">
Butajnova

Butajnova () is a village in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is surrounded by Hrib Hill (805 m) to the west and Prevalca Hill (705 m) to the east. Butajnova itself is on a plateau that gradually rises to Klešč Hill (784 m) to the northeast and descends to the valley of Little Creek () to the west, south, and east. The village includes the hamlets of Ljubljanica, Kucelj, Roženija, Mala Vas (), and Kurja Vas (), part of which also belongs to the neighboring settlement of Šentjošt nad Horjulom.
Name.
Butajnova was first mentioned in written sources in 1498 as "Wetany", "Betemi", and "Petani". In the 19th century it was known as "Wutainowa" in German. It is believed to be derived from a personal name of German origin.
History.
Several houses in the village were burned in 1943 during fighting between the Partisans and White Guard forces. In 1944 the hamlet of Kucelj was burned by German forces.
Religious heritage.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Anne. It was first mentioned in 1526 and it was consecrated in 1547. It was an originally Gothic structure that was remodeled in Baroque style in the mid-18th century, when the two side altars were added. The main altar is from the first half of the 19th century and the church also has a painting of Saint Anne by Josip Egartner. The painting dates from 1846 and was restored in 2010. The church has been registered as cultural heritage.
A shrine dedicated to the Virgin Mary stands south of the settlement, near Butajnova no. 19. This is a chapel-shrine without doors dating from around 1900. The shrine has been registered as cultural heritage.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to Saint Anne's Church and the shrine to the Virgin Mary, Butajnova has several other structures registered as cultural heritage:

</doc>
<doc id="20827557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827557" title="Shivram Dattatreya Phadnis">
Shivram Dattatreya Phadnis

Shivram Dattatreya Phadnis (Devanagari:शिवराम दत्तात्रेय फडणीस, Popularly known as S. D. Phadnis Devanagari:शि. द. फडणीस) born at Bhoj, Dist. Belgaum, India on July 29, 1925 is a cartoonist and illustrator from India.
He took his formal art education at Sir J.J. Institute of Applied Art, Mumbai.
His captionless cartoons bring out the humour in everyday life, crossing the boundaries of language, region or class.
Phadnis has designed the cover of the Diwali Special issue of the Marathi magazine Mohini for every year since 1952.
He has been awarded 'Life Time Achievement Award' by Indian Institute of Cartoonists in June 2001.
A number his cartoons have been exhibited and published by the Montreal International Salon of Cartoons. He was invitee participant in 'Cartoons from India' exhibition at Frankfurt Book Fair.
He is married to Shakuntala and has two daughters.
He lives in Pune.

</doc>
<doc id="20827570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827570" title="Asian Sportsman of the year">
Asian Sportsman of the year

The Asian Sports Award (ASA) is a recognition programme conceived by Stropt and Sports Limited (HK) in collaboration with the Asian Sports Press Union (ASPU). Its aim is to honour, champion and promote the world-class sports heroes of Asia. They has named Liu Xiang and Nicol Ann David as the recipients of the inaugural Asian Sportsman and Sportswoman of the Year awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20827588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827588" title="Francis S. Hoyt">
Francis S. Hoyt

Francis Southack Hoyt (November 5, 1822 – January 21, 1912) was an American educator from the state of Vermont. A minister and the son of a minister, he served as the first President of Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, where he and his wife were also teachers. Hoyt also taught at Ohio Wesleyan University and Baldwin University, and served as editor of several publications.
Early life.
Francis Hoyt was born in Lyndon, Vermont, on November 5, 1822. He was the son of Lucinda Hoyt (née Freeman) and Benjamin Ray Hoyt (1789–1872). His father was a minister and a founder of Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut. The younger Hoyt's early education came at Newbury Seminary in Vermont before he attended Wesleyan where he graduated in 1844. Hoyt then served as the principal at Newbury. On December 24, 1848, he married Phebe M. Dyar, and they had six children.
Willamette University.
In 1850, Hoyt was hired by the Oregon Institute to replace Rev. Nehemiah Doane as principal of the schools. He was the school’s third principal and also taught classes along with his wife. Hoyt became president of the institution in 1853 when the school was chartered by the state as Wallamet University. He had helped get the Oregon Legislature to approve the new charter, and was then one of the original board members of the renamed school. In March 1855, he tendered his resignation, but did not leave the school.
While under his tenure the school changed to a three-term academic calendar and extended the curriculum to a four-year program for the college department. In early 1860 he was elected again to the board of trustees, but resigned as president in September of that year. Hoyt had accepted a position at Ohio Wesleyan University, though he did not leave until the end of the year. Overall, he served as president of Willamette from 1853 to 1860, with Thomas Milton Gatch replacing him as president.
Later years.
Hoyt left to become chairperson of the Theology department at Wesleyan. In 1872, Hoyt was hired as the editor of the Cincinnati based "Western Christian Advocate". He was then hired at Baldwin University in Berea, Ohio, remaining until he retired in 1908. He had received a Doctor of Divinity from the school in 1869, and in 1873 the same degree from Wesleyan. Hoyt was active in the Methodist Church as well, serving as a delegate to several conferences over his lifetime. In 1868, he edited the "Bible Hand Book". Francis S. Hoyt died on January 21, 1912, in Craftsbury, Vermont.

</doc>
<doc id="20827589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827589" title="Korn Chatikavanij">
Korn Chatikavanij

Korn Chatikavanij (, RTGS: Kon Chatikawanit, born 19 February 1964 in London) is a Thai Democrat Party politician and former investment banker. From 2008 to 2011, he was Finance Minister under Abhisit Vejjajiva.
Early life.
Korn was born in Princess Beatrice Hospital, London, England, to Mr. Kraisri () and Mrs. Rumpa Chatikavanij (née Brahmopala). His father was Commissioner of the Customs Department, Commissioner of the Revenue Department, and Director of the Fiscal Policy Office. His grandfather, Phraya Athikarnprakat (), was Police Commissioner and a member of the Privy Council for King Prajadhipok (Rama 7). His uncle, Kasem () Chatikavanij, was the founder of the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT).
Korn attended Somtavil and Satit Pathumwan Schools in Bangkok until the 6th grade, when he attended Winchester College boarding school in England. He read politics, philosophy and economics (PPE) at St. John's College, University of Oxford and graduated with honours. While at St. John's College, he was a classmate of Abhisit Vejjajiva.
Investment banker.
Korn worked in asset management at SG Warburg while a student and joined the firm after his graduation. He left Warburg and returned to Thailand in 1988, founding J.F. Thanakorn, a joint venture between Jardine Flemings and Finance One. JF Thakakom became the Kingdom's largest brokerage by 1995-6 and became the first Thai investment bank to manage a public takeover, as well as the first to lead manage a Euro-convertible for a Thai firm, with Korn at the helm. In 1999, JF Thanakom was sold to JP Morgan (later JP MorganChase). Korn stayed on as Senior Country Officer.
2005-2006 Thai political crisis and the 2006 coup.
Korn left JP Morgan in October 2004, joined the Democrat Party to run for office, and subsequently went on to win a seat in Bangkok’s 2nd constituency (Sathorn – Yannawa) in the general elections of February 2005. After the defeat of the Democrat Party, Abhisit Vejjajiva replaced Banyat Banthadthan as Democrat Party leader. Korn was appointed Deputy Secretary General and Secretary for Economic Affairs of the Party. He became a vocal member of the opposition to the government of Thaksin Shinawatra during the 2005-2006 Thai political crisis. During the same period, Korn played a major role in examining the economic policies of Thaksin's government including the Shin Corporation Deal Scandal. 
On the night of September 19, 2006, the Thaksin government was overthrown by 2006 coup. Korn expressed his opinion that he was "sad" and felt that it was "understandable for any democracy to denounce coups as a concept in general", however he felt that the coup had to be examined "within the context of the Thai political situation." Korn was reelected in the post-coup 2007 elections, but the Democrat Party remained in the Opposition after losing to the People's Power Party. During both Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat's brief terms as Prime Minister, Korn served as Shadow Finance Minister for the Democrat Party.
2008-2011 Member of Abhisit government.
On December 2, 2008, the Constitutional Court dissolved the People's Power Party. Abhisit Vejjajiva was subsequently appointed as Prime Minister after a parliamentary vote. Korn was appointed Finance Minister in the Abhisit administration in December 2009. 
Korn's significant achievements as Minister of Finance include: a 117-billion-baht stimulus package initiated in January 2009 and a second stimulus package(), valued over 1.4 trillion baht over 2010 - 2012. Most of the funds was spent in improving infrastructure in Thailand especially in the area of irrigation and transportation, public health, education and tourism.
Korn also focused on policies that helped addressed social inequality and poverty such as pushing through the draft bill on land and building tax (property tax) in the Thai cabinet in April 2010 a part of an ambitious plan to overhaul the country’s tax structure as the first step toward achieving a balanced budget.
Additionally, Korn helped refinanced loan-shark debt for over 500,000 individuals, many of whom were being charged more than 100% p.a. on interest for their loans.
In January 2010, Korn was awarded "Finance Minister of the Year 2010" for both global and Asia Pacific regions by the Banker magazine of the Financial Times. The magazine complimented the Thai minister on his "financial management skills as he assumed the finance minister position of Thailand amid the economic stagnation. In addition, he was given credits for his contributions to promote and enhance financial and economic cooperation in Asean." Korn is the only Thai to have received both awards.
As then Chair of the ASEAN Finance Ministers' meetings in 2009, Korn was also credited for helping with the creation of the Chiang Mai Initiative Multilateralization (CMIM), a regional foreign reserve pool in case of currency flow shortage.
After the Democrats were defeated in the 2011 election, Korn's term as finance minister ended and he subsequently took on the role of Shadow Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs in Abhisit Vejjajiva's shadow cabinet, he was replaced by Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) economist Thirachai Phuvanatnaranubala.

</doc>
<doc id="20827590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827590" title="Oye! It's Friday!">
Oye! It's Friday!

"Oye! It's Friday!" was an Indian variety talk show on NDTV Imagine hosted by Farhan Akhtar. It featured a new celebrity every week. The show was made up of special performances by dancers and singers, jokes and light-hearted comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="20827599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827599" title="Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts">
Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts

The Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts () is a state Hochschule for Music, Theater and Dance in Frankfurt and is the only one of its kind in the Federal State of Hessen. It was founded in 1938.
At present around 900 students are taught by about sixty five professors and 320 other teaching staff. The study programs include Performance in all instruments and voice, the teaching of music, composition, conducting and church music. There are also programs in musical theater, drama and dance. The Hochschule offers graduate studies in musicology and the teaching of music.
History.
Frankfurt am Main has had an institute for the teaching of music since 1878. The Hoch Conservatory flourished and had a worldwide reputation in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Through teachers like the pianist Clara Schumann and composers Joachim Raff, Bernhard Sekles and Engelbert Humperdinck, the Hoch Conservatory attracted students from around the world, including the composers Hans Pfitzner, Edward MacDowell, Percy Grainger, Paul Hindemith and Ernst Toch, and the conductors Otto Klemperer and Hans Rosbaud.
In April 1933, when the National Socialists came to power in Germany, the director Bernhard Sekles, Mátyás Seiber, head of the world's first jazz department, and twelve other members of the teaching staff who were Jewish or foreign, were removed from their positions. Later, the Hoch Conservatory was degraded to a Music School ("Musikschule des Dr Hoch's Konservatorium"). In 1938 the "Hochschule für Musik" was established. In 1940 its name was the "Staatliche Hochschule für Musik - Dr Hoch's Konservatorium", but in 1942 the subtitle "Dr Hoch's Konservatorium" was dropped, leaving the full name as "Staatliche Hochschule für Musik". In his testament Joseph Hoch, benefactor of the Conservatory, had stipulated that the name "Dr Hoch's Konservatorium" should never be changed. The "Hochschule" thus became a new and separate institution, distancing itself from the Conservatory its history.
In the closing stages of the Second World War, both institutions closed down. After the war both were reopened, and they now work together in a three-tier system of the Hochschule, the Hoch Conservatory and the Music School. Helmut Walcha, who had taught the organ at the Hoch Conservatory from 1933 to 1938, initiated the reopening of the Hochschule in 1947. The first department to be reopened was that of church music, followed by the department of school music and, in 1949, the seminar for the teaching of music.
In the summer of 1950, the violinist Walther Davisson, who had studied and taught at the Hoch Conservatory, became artistic director of both the Hochschule and the Hoch Conservatory. Under his directorship the Department of Performance was, step by step, restarted in instrumental and vocal training. During this post-war period, teaching was still taking place in private homes and in the partly renovated Conservatory building - which was still in ruins. (It was unfortunately pulled down later.) Not until 1956 did the Hochschule have its own building: it was given the Radio-House of the Hessischer Rundfunk, built in 1933.
The development of the Hochschule continued through the 1950s and 60s: including the establishing of the Opera School and Opera-Choir School (1954 and 1958), the Drama School (1960) and the Dance School (1961). In the 1960s the Studio for New Music and the Studio for Early Music were initiated. Later, departments of jazz and popular music were opened and in 1982 the Department of Musicology was established. From 1989 the Hochschule was given the right to offer graduate studies in the teaching of music and musicology.
In 1990-93 the Hochschule's new main building and library were finished.
The Historical Performance Practice and Contemporary Music Institutes were founded in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20827624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827624" title="Radio Vorarlberg">
Radio Vorarlberg

Radio Vorarlberg is the regional radio for Vorarlberg and is part of the Österreich 2 group.
It is broadcast by the ORF, and the programs from Radio Vorarlberg are made in the ORF Vorarlberg Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="20827640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827640" title="Radio Burgenland">
Radio Burgenland

Radio Burgenland is the regional radio for Burgenland and is part of the Österreich 2 group.
It is broadcast by the ORF, and the programs from Radio Burgenland are made in the ORF Burgenland Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="20827641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827641" title="Kharagpur subdivision">
Kharagpur subdivision

Kharagpur subdivision is a subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Kharagpur municipality and ten community development blocks: Dantan–I, Dantan–II, Pingla, Kharagpur–I, Kharagpur–II, Sabang, Mohanpur, Narayangarh, Keshiari and Debra. The ten blocks contain three census towns and 99 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Kharagpur. 
Area.
Apart from the Kharagpur municipality, the subdivision contains three census towns and rural areas of 99 gram panchayats under ten community development blocks: Dantan–I, Dantan–II, Pingla, Kharagpur–I, Kharagpur–II, Sabang, Mohanpur, Narayangarh, Keshiari and Debra. The three census towns are: Kharagpur Railway Settlement, Deuli and Balichak.
Blocks.
Dantan–I block.
Rural area under Dantan–I block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Ainkola, Chak Ismailpur, Monoharpur, Alikosha, Dantan–I, Salikotha, Angua, Datan–II and Tarurui. There is no urban area under this block. Dantan police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Dantan.
Dantan–II block.
Rural area under Dantan–II block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Haripur, Porolda, Sauri Kotbar, Turka, Jenkapur, Sabra and Talda. There is no urban area under this block. Dantan and Belda police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Khakurdah.
Pingla block.
Rural area under Pingla block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Dhaneswarpur, Jalchak–II, Kshirai, Pindurui, Gobordhanpur, Jamna, Kusumda, Jalchak–I, Karkai and Maligram. There is no urban area under this block. Pingla police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Pingla.
Kharagpur–I block.
Rural area under Kharagpur–I block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Arjuni, Gopali, Kalaikunda, Vetia, Barkola, Hariatara and Khelarh. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Kharagpur Railway Settlement. Kharagpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Matkatpur.
Kharagpur–II block.
Rural area under Kharagpur–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Chakmakampur, Kaliara–II, Paparara–I, Changual, Lachhmapur, Paparara–II, Kaliara–I, Palsya and Sankoa. There is no urban area under this block. Kharagpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Madpur.
Sabang block.
Rural area under Sabang block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Balpai, Danrra, Nawgaon, Bhemua, Bishnupur, Dashgram, Narayanbarh,  Bural, Debhog, Sabang,  Chaulkuri, Mohar and Sharta. There is no urban area under this block. Sabang police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sabang.
Mohanpur block.
Rural area under Mohanpur block consists of five gram panchayats, viz. Mohanpur, Sautia, Tanua, Neelda and Shialsai. There is no urban area under this block. Mohanpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mohanpur.
Narayangarh block.
Rural area under Narayangarh block consists of 16 gram panchayats, viz. Bakhrabad, Hemchandra, Manya, Pakurseni, Belda–I, Khursi, Mokrampur, Ranisarai, Belda–II, Kunarpur, Narayangarh, Tutranga, Gramraj, Kushbasan, Narma and Kashipur. There is no urban area under this block. Natarayangarh and Belda police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Belda.
Keshiari block.
Rural area under Keshiari block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Baghasthi, Keshiari, Lalua, Gaganeswar, Khajra, Nachipur, Ghritagram, Kusumpur and Santrapur. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Deuli. Keshiari police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Keshiari.
Debra block.
Rural area under Debra block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Bhabanipur, Duan–I, Khanamohan, Satyapur, Bharatpur, Duan–II, Malighati, Snarpur–Loyada, Debra–I, Golgram, Radhamohanpur–I, Debra–II, Jalimanda, Radhamohanpur–II. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Balichak. Debra police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Balichak.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20827644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827644" title="Gordan Golik">
Gordan Golik

Gordan Golik (born 4 March 1985 in Varaždin) is a Croatian football midfielder currently playing for NK Međimurje.
Golik signed for the Polish side in December 2008 from his hometown club Varteks where he played from 1997 to 2008 and captained the team in all youth levels before finally joining the senior squad and making his top-flight debut in 2003.
He also has 4 caps for the Croatia U19 team, which he earned in 2003, all of them in the friendly matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20827652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827652" title="Charles W. F. Dumas">
Charles W. F. Dumas

Charles William Frédéric Dumas (1721–1796) was a man of letters living in the Dutch Republic who served as an American diplomat during the American Revolution.
He was born in German Ansbach to French parents, apparently lived in Switzerland for a time, and moved to the Netherlands around 1750. He befriended Benjamin Franklin when the latter was in Holland at the beginning of the American Revolution, and when Franklin chaired the Committee of correspondence, they employed Dumas as a secret agent to aid American interests in Europe. When John Adams became minister plenipotentiary to Holland, Dumas acted as his secretary and translator. When Adams went to Paris, Dumas acted as chargé d'affaires ad interim from the United States. Dumas died soon after 1794.
In 1775, Dumas devised the first diplomatic cipher used by the Continental Congress and Benjamin Franklin for secret correspondence with agents in Europe. It was a substitution code based on a prose passage of 682 characters, so that a given character could be replaced by more than one number.
Dumas planted stories favorable to the United States in the Gazette de Leide Leyden, Holland, with the goal of gaining a good credit rating for the United States in financial markets.
In 1776, Dumas contacted officials in Holland, Spain and France seeking trade in badly needed materials for the United States. This led to beneficial trade during the revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20827658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827658" title="Črni Vrh, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Črni Vrh, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Črni Vrh () is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes many isolated farms scattered throughout the hills between Big Božna Creek () to the south, Little Božna Creek () to the northeast, Dog Plateau (, 1020 m) to the northwest, and Špilj Hill (860 m) to the south-southeast.
Name.
"Črni Vrh" literally means 'black peak'. It was first mentioned in written sources in 1303 under the equivalent German name "Swarcenek" 'black hill' and in 1486 as "Swarzen perg" 'black mountain'. In the 19th century it was known as "Schwarzenberg" in German. Like other settlements with the same name, the name indicates that it is associated with a hill or mountain covered with dark (coniferous) trees. The element "vrh" does not necessarily refer to a peak, but can also refer to a mountain pass.
History.
The school in Črni Vrh was built in 1938.
Religious heritage.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Leonard. It stands west of the settlement on Church Hill (). A church at the site was first mentioned in 1526, reworked in 1758. The current structure was built in 1899 based on plans by Moritz (or Moric) Kirchschlager after the earthquake of 1895, which destroyed the previous structure. The interior was painted by Simon Ogrin. The main altar was made in the Ljubljana workshop of the Toman (Thomann) family of stonemasons, and the side altar and pulpit are the work of Valentin Šubic (1859–1927). A chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary was built next to the rectory in 1850. The church is registered as a cultural monument.
A chapel dedicated to the Assumption of Mary stands west of Črni Vrh, next to the rectory along the road to Church Hill. It is an eight-sided structure with an octagonal pyramid roof surmounted by a cupola, and was dedicated in 1851. A bell tower was added on the north side of the chapel in 1889. The interior furnishings date from the same period as its construction and the chapel is registered as a cultural monument.
A shrine dedicated to the Sacred Heart stands to the east, south of the house at Črni Vrh no. 31. It is a doorless chapel-shrine and was built in 1926. There is another shrine in the eastern part of the village, south of the road. This is a chapel-shrine with doors dedicated to Saint Florian, with a fresco depicting the saint. A third shrine, a chapel-shrine with doors, stands near the farm at Črni Vrh no. 2, north of the road. It dates from the end of the 19th century and contains a wooden crucifix. These shrines are registered as cultural monuments.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to Saint Leonard's Church and its chapel and shrines, Črni Vrh has several other structures registered as cultural heritage:

</doc>
<doc id="20827667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827667" title="Noeline Taurua">
Noeline Taurua

Noeline Taurua is a former New Zealand international netball representative, who played in the Silver Ferns team that won a silver medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur. 
Coaching.
She currently coaches the Waikato/Bay of Plenty Magic netball team and is the assistant coach for the national team, the Silver Ferns.
In 2012, Taurua coached the Waikato Bay of Plenty Magic to their first ANZ Championship title. 
In 2013, Taurua decided to finished her coaching duties for the Waikato Bay of Plenty Magic after spending 11 years at the franchise. Taurua's replacement will be the former Swifts coach Julie Fitzgerald. Taurua has sparked interest in coaching one of the Australian sides in the ANZ Championship. Taurua is considering coaching the Swifts in the 2014 ANZ Championship season as a possibility. 

</doc>
<doc id="20827668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827668" title="Linus Lau">
Linus Lau

Linus Lau is a composer and filmmaker based in Los Angeles, California. In 2000, he penned the music to a one-act opera titled "The Release", with writer Daniel G. Lee. The opera was picked up for distribution by The Franchesa Group.
In 2004, he directed a musical film titled "Art Thief Musical!" starring Autumn Reeser.

</doc>
<doc id="20827669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827669" title="Federal Archives">
Federal Archives

Federal Archives may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20827676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827676" title="Dolenja Vas pri Polhovem Gradcu">
Dolenja Vas pri Polhovem Gradcu

Dolenja Vas pri Polhovem Gradcu (; , ) is a small village east of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Dolenja vas" to "Dolenja vas pri Polhovem Gradcu" in 1955. "Dolenja vas pri Polhovem Gradcu" literally means 'lower village near Polhov Gradec'. "Dolenja vas" and names like it are quite common in Slovenia and other Slavic countries, and they indicate that the settlement lay at a lower elevation than nearby settlements. In the 19th century it was known as "Niederdorf" in German.
Cultural heritage.
The barnhouse at Dolenja Vas pri Polhovem Gradcu no. 6 is a two-story rectangular structure combining a residential part and a barn under a single roof. The year 1811 is carved into the semicircular door casing around the entrance. At a later date an addition was put on the structure, it was modified, and the plastering on the facade was segmented. The house stands on the road from Babna Gora.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Dolenja Vas pri Polhovem Gradcu include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827690" title="Srednja Vas pri Polhovem Gradcu">
Srednja Vas pri Polhovem Gradcu

Srednja Vas pri Polhovem Gradcu (; ) is a small settlement just east of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Srednja vas" to "Srednja vas pri Polhovem Gradcu" in 1953. The name "Srednja vas pri Polhovem Gradcu" literally means 'middle village near Polhov Gradec'. "Srednja vas" and names like it (e.g., Srednje) indicate that the settlement lay in some sort of central or middle position. The name is unrelated to names derived from "sreda" 'Wednesday' (e.g., Središče ob Dravi). In the 19th century it was known as "Mitterdorf" in German.

</doc>
<doc id="20827693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827693" title="1994 FIFA World Cup Group D">
1994 FIFA World Cup Group D

Group D of the 1994 FIFA World Cup was one of six groups of four teams competing at the 1994 World Cup in the United States. The first match was played 21 June 1994 and the final games took place simultaneously on 30 June 1994.
The group consisted of Argentina, Greece, Nigeria and Bulgaria. Nigeria won the group, Bulgaria finished second and Argentina qualified as one of the best third-placed teams. Bulgaria and Argentina had previously met before in the group stage, in 1962; neither team advanced into the knockout stage. Bulgaria and Argentina had also met in 1986, both teams advanced to the knockout stage.
Overall.
"All times local (EDT/, CDT/, PDT/)"

</doc>
<doc id="20827695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827695" title="Ernst Dehmel">
Ernst Dehmel

Ernst Dehmel (7 April 1915 — 7 August 1945) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Ernst Dehmel was awarded the Knight's cross while in command of the 3rd Sturmgeschütz (Self-propelled assault gun, StuG) Battalion, 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf" in August 1943, for his unit's role in the Battle of Kursk and the Battle of Belgorod.
Ernst Dehmel survived the war, but was beaten to death by French soldiers at Remscheid-Lüttringhausen on 7 August 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20827717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827717" title="Dhowa rock temple">
Dhowa rock temple

Dhowa rock Temple is one of the heritage sites in Sri Lanka, situated in central mountain of Uva province. Dhowa is small ancient village which is situated on Badulla, Bandarawela main road. This Temple is situated 210 km east of Colombo and 120 km south of Kandy.
The Dowa rock temple could be considered as a Mahayana Sculpture with a huge unfinished Buddha image carved into the rock face. The temple dates back to Before Christ times.
It has been built safely inside a ring of mountains. A beautiful river is flown across the plateau. Hence, the area had earned the name, Dowa.
History.
It is believed, the temple bears a history dating back to about 2,000 years.In the olden days the Dowa Temple was known as the Kumbaltissa Ariyagala Vehera. It had been named after its Chief Priest who had served as a sanctuary for King Walagamba and thus he turned the cave into a temple.
The work of the temple had not been completed during the reign of King Walagamba.But the work had been fully
completed during the Kandyan Kingdom.
Attraction.
The 38 ft rock carved Buddha statue and the ornamental gateway are the main attractions of the temple. The statue is in the state of ruins due to fasy decaying.
Folk tales hold that the half finished Buddha statue was carved by king Walagamba himself while hiding in this caves due to foreign invasions. The king is said to have left the area before he could finish carving the statue; thus leaving it half finished.
Paintings.
The paintings of the shrine room had been decorated with the influence of the Kandyan era. These paintings depict various Jathaka stories. The canopy of the rock is decked with paintings of lotus and various other flowers. And Also among these paintings the Ath-Gon Satana (battle between a tusker and a bull) is featured. The priority had been given to the cobra image in the structure of the temple. The cobra had been featured in the paintings as well as on the jug used for serving water to Buddha.

</doc>
<doc id="20827718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827718" title="Draževnik">
Draževnik

Draževnik () is a small settlement southeast of Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Draževnik", like similar toponyms (e.g., "Draža vas", "Draženci", "Dražgoše"), is probably derived from a Slavic personal name (such as "*Dragъ/Drago, *Dražigojь, *Dražigostь") and likely refers to an early inhabitant of the place. In the 19th century it was known as "Draschounik" in German.
History.
On 18 November 1942 Italian forces killed several villagers from Draževnik in nearby Podsmreka.

</doc>
<doc id="20827719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827719" title="2001 College Football All-America Team">
2001 College Football All-America Team

The 2001 College Football All-America Team is composed of the following All-American Teams: Associated Press, Football Writers Association of America, American Football Coaches Association, Walter Camp Foundation, "The Sporting News", "Pro Football Weekly", "Football News" and "CNN-Sports Illustrated".
The College Football All-America Team is an honor given annually to the best American college football players at their respective positions. The original usage of the term All-America seems to have been to such a list selected by football pioneer Walter Camp in the 1890s. For 2001 the NCAA officially recognized All-Americans selected by the AP, AFCA, CNNSI, FN, FWAA, TSN, and the WCFF to determine Consensus All-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20827741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827741" title="Hayravank Monastery">
Hayravank Monastery

Hayravank () is a 9th-12th century Armenian monastery located just northeast of the village of Hayravank along the southwest shores of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The monastic complex consists of a church, chapel, and gavit.
Surrounding the monastery are numerous khachkars and gravestones that are part of a small cemetery. To the northwest a short distance from the site, are the remains of Bronze Age through medieval fortification walls and foundations of a settlement. A polished black vessel of the Early Bronze Age was discovered during archaeological excavations in the area. Weapons of metal and stone, tools, clay idols, numerous vessels, fireplaces and two tombs, all from the Iron Age were discovered in the vicinity as well.
Architecture.
Church and Chapel.
The church at Hayravank was built during the late 9th century. It is a quatrefoil cruciform central-plan structure with four semi-circular apses that intersect to create pendentives for the octagonal drum and conical dome to stand above. The drum and dome had at one point collapsed completely, but were recently restored. A moderately sized chapel was added in the 10th century off of the southeastern walls of the church. Three portals lead into the church from the gavit, the church exterior and chapel. It is believed that the entry at the western wall to the gavit was added between the 12th and 13th centuries. Exterior walls of the structure differ from the construction of the rest of the complex in that rubble masonry has been incorporated into the façade.
Gavit.
The gavit is located west of and adjacent to the church and was added in the 12th century. A main portal leads into the structure from the western wall, and has an arched tympanum with a worn inscription located above the lintel. Another portal leads into the gavit from the southern wall. Two thick columns situated at the western half of the building and two semi-columns at the eastern wall support large arches and a cupola above. The cupola consists of a short octagonal drum (only seen from the interior) as well as a short octagonal conical dome above decorated with "Harlequin Patterned" stonemasonry. The pattern alternates with reddish and a lighter grayish colored tufa. This example is considered to be one of the earliest examples of polychrome decorative masonry that was to become widespread in the following centuries in sacred buildings throughout Armenia. An oculus at the peak of the dome lets light into the room below.

</doc>
<doc id="20827749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827749" title="Gajanan Maharaj Temple, Kanhor">
Gajanan Maharaj Temple, Kanhor

Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj is known to most of the people in Maharashtra. He stayed most of his life at Shegaon, near Akola district in Maharashtra and has taken "Samadhi" there. Therefore Shegaon has got a special significance for Maharaj and his devotees. Shegaon hosts a magnificent temple. His devotees have constructed many Gajanan Maharaj Temples in different parts of Maharashtra, India. A small—but beautiful temple has also been constructed at Kanhor, Kulgaon, Badlapur, Dist. Thane.
The temple is situated just outside of Badlapur village on a small hillock surrounded by fields and greenery all around. The enchanting natural beauty around the temple is another attraction for the devotees who visit the temple.
About the Temple.
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Seva Samiti was established in 1981. Shri Vitthalrao Raut gave his land for the construction of the temple. Here is how it happened. 
Shri Shripadrao Kulkarni was a committed devotee of Shri Gajanan Maharaj. Once in his dream he was told by Maharaj to construct a temple. Shri Kulkarni, could not think of anything else since that day. He was restless. He told this to his friend Shri Bapat. Both of them started searching for the place to construct a temple. They were told that Badlapur has some land up for sale. The land was under "ceiling" and hence could not be bought for this purpose. When Shri Vitthal Raut, Badlapur came to know about this, he decide to offer his own land for the construction of the temple free of cost. The place is situated on a small hillock just outside the village. On a backdrop of the temple, on a hill, Shri Khandoba blesses all the devotees who visit Maharaj.
The place was transferred to Seva Samiti and then the construction of the temple started. The Bhumipujan was done by Shri Ganapatrao Raut (Father of Shri Vitthalrao Raut) and his wife. Whole of Kanhor participate in this ceremony with zest and enthusiasm. A small miracle happened during these times. An "Audumbar" tree grew up beside the planned location of the temple. Prakat Din utsav was regularly celebrated under this same tree since 1981.This beautiful temple was realized on Vijaya Dashami - Dasara in 1981.
How to reach Kanhor (Badlapur).
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Temple is reachable by Maharashtra State Transport Bus or Auto rickshaws in 15 minutes from Badlapur (Central) Railway Station. This distance to the temple from Badlapur Railway Station is about 7 km. 
One can reach Badlapur by local railway from Thane, Kalyan or Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (Mumbai).
Please refer to the map for directions provided at WikiMapia.
Shree Gajanan Maharaj Prakat Din Utsav Pictures.
Shree Gajanan Maharaj Prakat Din Utsav was held at Shree Gajanan Maharaj Kanhor Temple ( now in its 24th year ) from the 14th February 2009 to 19 February 2009. Some of the pictures are shown below:

</doc>
<doc id="20827751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827751" title="Gui de Cambrai">
Gui de Cambrai

Gui de Cambrai (born in the second half of the 12th century, died in the 13th century), is a medieval writer from the north of France who used vernacular French rather than Latin. He wrote "Le Vengement Alixandre" (Alexander revenged), an 1806 line long epic poem (c. 1190). 
A French version of "Barlaam and Josaphat" (c. 1220-1225) has also been tentatively attributed to him.

</doc>
<doc id="20827768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827768" title="Alan Cooke Kay">
Alan Cooke Kay

Alan Cooke Kay (born 1932) is an American lawyer and judge. He serves as judge on the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii.
Life.
Kay was born in 1932 in Honolulu, Hawaii. His father was Harold Thomas Kay (1896–1976) and mother was Anna Frances Cooke (1903–1956). His maternal grandfather was Clarence Hyde Cooke (1876–1944), great grandparents Anna Rice Cooke (1853–1934) and Charles Montague Cooke (1849–1909), and great-great grandfathers include William Harrison Rice (1813–1863) and Amos Starr Cooke (1810–1871). He had two children from his first wife Noel Emily Murchie, and one from his second wife Patricia Eileen Patmont.
He attended Princeton University where he got an A.B. in 1957 and the University of California, Berkeley, Boalt Hall School of Law where he received a LL.B., 1960.
He served as a U.S. Marine Corps Corporal, 1953–1955, was in private practice in Honolulu 1960-1986, and was director of the Legal Aid Society in Honolulu 1968-1971.
Kay was nominated by Ronald Reagan on July 3, 1986, to a new seat created by 98 Stat. 333 on the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 12, 1986, and received his commission on September 15, 1986. Served as chief judge, 1991–1999 and assumed senior status on January 2, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20827778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827778" title="Rafał de Weryha-Wysoczański">
Rafał de Weryha-Wysoczański

Chevalier Rafał Hugon de Weryha-Wysoczański, Ph.D. (born May 7, 1975) is a Polish art historian, art consultant and genealogist, who was a representative of the auction house Sotheby's.
He is the only child of sculptor Jan, Chevalier de Weryha-Wysoczański, and nephew of Olympic Bronze Medallist and Vice World Champion in fencing Madame Ryszard Wysoczańska.
Biography.
Born in Poland, he was educated at the University of Hamburg and on a national merit-based scholarship at Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he became a member of the Cambridge University Heraldic and Genealogical Society. He completed his doctorate – for which he was awarded another merit scholarship – under the supervision of Leibniz laureate Professor Martin Warnke. De Weryha-Wysoczański is a former Delegate to the European Commission of the Nobility in Paris. Reviewers of his book "Strategien des Privaten" noted that it has a “wise central idea” and that it “gives important food for thought”.

</doc>
<doc id="20827781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827781" title="2003 MacTier Cup">
2003 MacTier Cup

The 2003 MacTier Cup was a championship rugby union game for the RCSL. The game was played between the Calgary Mavericks and the Toronto Xtreme for the MacTier Cup trophy. The game was played to decide the champion of the 2003 RCSL season. The Mavericks defeated the Xtreme 40-24. The game was played in Calgary, Alberta.
With the win, the Calgary Mavericks became the first team outside of British Columbia to win the MacTier Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20827783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827783" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 57 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 57 (2008)

Oregon Ballot Measure 57 (2008) or Senate Bill (SB) 1087 was a legislatively referred state statute that increased term of imprisonment for persons convicted of specified drug and property crimes under certain circumstances. The measure enacted law which prohibits courts from imposing less than a presumptive sentence for persons convicted of specified drug and property crimes under certain circumstances, and requires the Department of Corrections to provide treatment to certain offenders and to administer grant program to provide supplemental funding to local governments for certain purposes.
Official Ballot Title.
"Increases Sentences For Drug Trafficking, Theft Against Elderly And Specified Repeat Property And Identity Theft Crimes; Requires Addiction Treatment For Certain Offenders"
Background.
Competing ballot measures.
A similar measure, (Oregon Ballot Measure 61 (2008), proposed by Kevin Mannix, was also approved for the November election. 
The main differences were:
1) Measure 61 has mandatory prison time for some first time felony offenders, while SB 1087 only does so for repeat offenders
2) SB 1087 significantly increases funding for drug treatment programs, while Measure 61 provides none.
3) Measure 61 will cost $250–$400 million per two year budget cycle, while SB 1087 would only cost $140 million.
If both measures pass, the one with the most votes will go into effect.
An increase in prison inmates since 1994.
In 1994, Measure 11, an earlier initiative proposed by Kevin Mannix, was passed, which set mandatory minimum sentences for violent crimes. It is responsible for 28% of today's prison population. 
Oregon uses the highest percentage of its state budget to lock up criminals and supervise parole of any state. Oregon has seen a growth in prison inmates from about 4,000 to more than 13,500. 
If SB 1087 or the initiative proposed by Mannix, is passed, Oregon's prison population and percentage of state budget will become more pronounced.
However, Oregon has seen an even greater drop in violent crime than the rest of the country on average since Measure 11 passed.
Support.
Supporters include:
Elected officials.
Others.
A full list of supporters is available at the campaign website [http://www.betterwaytofightcrime.com/whoweare].
Opposition.
Kevin Mannix continues to promote his Measure 61. “Either way, we make progress,” Mannix says. “I win some if 57 passes, and the people win more if 61 passes.”
Loren Parks "With the financial help of Nevada medical-device millionaire Loren Parks, Mannix easily gathered 149,000 signatures to place Measure 61 on the ballot."
Oregon Anti-Crime Alliance: The Oregon Anti-Crime Alliance is a new organization that brings together citizens with a mission of reducing crime in Oregon through reforms affecting prevention, investigation, prosecution, the courts, indigent defense, accountability, transition programs out of prison, prison work, treatment and rehabilitation.
Some Republicans attacked the measure for being "soft-on-crime". Kevin Mannix continues to promote his ""tough"-on-crime" initiative while pointing out the weaknesses of the competing measure. "We shouldn't be patsies and let drug dealers and identity thieves and burglars get a free pass on their first convictions, which is what they get on the legislative referral", he said. 
For a citizen-initiated measure in Oregon, the ballot title is determined by the state's Attorney General. In the case of this measure, the legislature chose to supplant this process by inserting its own title.,
As of March, 2009, the number of counties that have sentenced pursuant Measure 57 sentences remains small. The reason for this seems to be that defendants are willing to plea to a lesser sentence in order to avoid the longer sentences mandated by the Measure.

</doc>
<doc id="20827795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827795" title="Team classification in the Tour de France">
Team classification in the Tour de France

The team classification is a prize given in the Tour de France to the best team in the race. It has been awarded since 1930, and the calculation has changed throughout the years.
Calculation.
, the team classification is calculated by adding the times of the three best riders of each team per stage; time bonuses and penalties are ignored. In a team time trial, the team gets the time of the fifth rider of that team to cross the finish, or the last rider if there are fewer than 5 left for the team. If a team has fewer than three cyclists remaining, it is removed from this classification.
Status.
The team classification is considered less important than the (individual) general classification, and it is rare that a team starts the Tour with the main goal of winning the team classification.
If during the race a team is in a good position to win the team classification, the team may change tactics in order to win.
When Lance Armstrong lost hopes of winning the 2010 Tour de France, he instructed his team mates to keep an eye on their main rivals for the team classification, and his Team RadioShack won the team classification.
A good performance in the team classification may help a team to qualify for the next Tour de France. In 2010, a system was set up to determine which teams qualify as UCI ProTeams, and the team classification in the Tour de France was part of this system.
History.
In the early years of the Tour de France, cyclists entered as individuals. Although they had sponsors, they were not allowed to work as a team, because tour organiser Henri Desgrange wanted the Tour de France to be a display of individual strength.
In those years, cyclists could also participate unsponsored. They were categorized under different names:
In 1930, Henri Desgrange gave up the idea that cyclist should race individually, and changed the format to real teams. He was still against sponsors assistance, so the cyclists were grouped in countries. This was the situation in the Tours of 1930–1961 and 1967–1968. Between 1962 and 1966 and after 1969, sponsored teams entered the race.
At the introduction of teams in 1930, a prize for the winning team was introduced, then called the "Challenge international". In 1930, the classification was calculated by adding the times of the three best cyclists in the general classification.
In 1961, the calculation was changed. The team classification was changed into a points system, where a team received one point for the best team-time in the stage, and the team with the most points was the winner. This system was also used in 1962, but in 1963 the calculation was reverted to the time calculation. In the 1970s, this system was reintroduced as the team points competition, although in a different way: after every stage, all cyclists received points (1 for the winner, 2 for the second, etc.) and these were added, and the team with the fewest points was the winner of the team points classification.
Until 1990, the team classification leaders could be recognized by yellow caps. Since 2006 the best team has worn black on yellow back numbers. Beginning in 2012 the best team was awarded the right, but not the obligation, to wear yellow helmets.
Team points classification winners in the Tour de France.
Between 1973 and 1989, there was an additional team points classification.

</doc>
<doc id="20827796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827796" title="Bushfires in Australia">
Bushfires in Australia

Bushfires in Australia are frequent events during the hotter months of the year, due to Australia's mostly hot, dry climate. Each year, such fires impact extensive areas. On one hand, they can cause property damage and loss of human life. On the other hand, certain native flora in Australia have evolved to rely on bushfires as a means of reproduction, and fire events are an interwoven and an essential part of the ecology of the continent. For thousands of years, Indigenous Australians have used fire to foster grasslands for hunting and to clear tracks through dense vegetation.
Major firestorms that result in severe loss of life are often named based on the day on which they occur, such as Ash Wednesday and Black Saturday. Some of the most intense, extensive and deadly bushfires commonly occur during droughts and heat waves, such as the 2009 Southern Australia heat wave, which precipitated the conditions during the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in which 173 people lost their lives. Other major conflagrations include the 1983 Ash Wednesday bushfires, the 2003 Eastern Victorian alpine bushfires and the 2006 December Bushfires.
Victoria has seen the majority of the deadliest and largest bushfires in Australia, most notably the 2009 Black Saturday fires, where 173 people were killed, around four thousand homes and structured were destroyed, towns were gutted and some such as Marysville were completely destroyed. 
Global warming is increasing the frequency and severity of bushfires and will lead to increased days of extreme fire danger.
Categories.
Bushfires in Australia, are generally defined as any uncontrolled, non-structural fire burning in a grass, scrub, bush, or forested area. Australia, being a geographically and meteorogically diverse continent, experiences many types of bushfires. Fires can be divided into two main categories, depending on topography of the area.
Common causes of bushfires include lightning, arcing from overhead power lines, arson, accidental ignition from agricultural clearing, grinding and welding, campfires, cigarettes and dropped matches, machinery, and controlled burn escapes.
History.
The natural fire regime in Australia was altered by the arrival of humans. Fires became more frequent, and fire-loving species—notably eucalypts—greatly expanded their range. It is assumed that a good deal of this change came about as the result of deliberate action by early humans, setting fires to clear undergrowth or drive game.
Plants have evolved a variety of strategies to survive (or even require) bushfires, (possessing epicormic shoots or lignotubers that sprout after a fire, or developing fire-resistant or fire-triggered seeds) or even encourage fire (eucalypts contain flammable oils in the leaves) as a way to eliminate competition from less fire-tolerant species.
Some native animals are also adept at surviving bushfires.
Warnings.
In 2009, a standardised "Fire Danger Rating" (FDR) was adopted by all Australian states. During the fire season the Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) provides fire weather forecasts and by considering the predicted weather including temperature, relative humidity, wind speed and dryness of vegetation, fire agencies determine the appropriate Fire Danger Rating. In 2010, following a national review of the bush fire danger ratings, new trigger points for each rating were introduced for grassland areas in most jurisdictions. See for example the following glossary
Fire Danger Ratings are a feature of weather forecasts and alert the community to the actions they should take in preparation of the day. Ratings are broadcast via newspapers, radio, TV, and the internet.
Regional management.
The Australasian Fire Authorities Council (AFAC) is the peak body responsible for representing fire, emergency services and land management agencies in the Australasian region.
Queensland.
The Rural Fire Service Queensland (RFSQ) is a volunteer-based firefighting agency and operates as part of the Queensland Fire and Rescue Service.
New South Wales.
The New South Wales Rural Fire Service (RFS) is a volunteer-based firefighting agency and statutory body of the Government of New South Wales.
South Australia.
The Country Fire Service is a volunteer based fire service in the state of South Australia. The CFS operates as a part of the South Australian Fire and Emergency Services Commission (SAFECOM).
Victoria.
In Victoria, the Country Fire Authority (CFA) provides firefighting and other emergency services to country areas and regional townships within the state, as well as large portions of the outer suburban areas and growth corridors of Melbourne not covered by the Metropolitan Fire Brigade.
Western Australia.
The Department of Fire and Emergency Services of Western Australia (DFES) and the Department of Environment and Conservation (DEC) have joint responsibility for bushfire management in Western Australia. DFES is an umbrella organisation supporting the Bush Fire Service, Emergency Services Cadets, Fire and Rescue Service, State Emergency Service, Volunteer Emergency Service, Volunteer Fire Service, Volunteer Fire and Rescue Service, and the Volunteer Marine Rescue Services.
Seasonality.
Bushfires in Australia can occur all year-round, though the severity and the "bushfire season" varies by region. These seasons are commonly grouped into years such as "2006-07 Australian bushfire season" and typically run from June one year until May the next year.
In southeast Australia, bushfires tend to be most common and most severe during summer and autumn (December–March), in drought years, and particularly severe in El Niño years. Southeast Australia is fire-prone, and warm and dry conditions intensify the probability of fire. In northern Australia, bushfires usually occur during the dry season (April to September), and fire severity tends to be more associated with seasonal weather patterns. In the southwest, similarly, bushfires occur in the summer dry season and severity is usually related to seasonal growth. Fire frequency in the north is difficult to assess, as the vast majority of fires are caused by human activity, however lightning strikes are as common a cause as human-ignited fires and arson.
Climate change.
Australia's climate has been trending toward more bushfire weather over the last 30 years. The Climate Commission found that "The intensity and seasonality of large bushfires in south-east Australia appears to be changing, with climate change a possible contributing factor." Climate change is increasing the severity and frequency of heatwaves in Southeast Australia and the probability of extreme fire risk. As the fire seasons become longer, there is less time for fuel reduction burns to control the bush fuel load.
A 2006 report by the Bushfire CRC acknowledges the complexity of climate predictions pointing out "Much of [Australia's] vegetation has a complex evolutionary and dependent relationship with fire. Fire has been part of these environments for tens of thousands of years and much native flora and fauna remains dependent on it in various ways." In 2007, a study by the CSIRO (the national government body for scientific research in Australia), found evidence that climate change will lead to increases in very high and extreme fire danger rating days and earlier onset of the fire season. Other studies investigating the historical record identify significant changes in Australia's bushfire season as a result of human activity.
Major bushfires in Australia.
"This section lists some of the major individual fires that have occurred. For an index to articles on individual fire seasons see List of Australian bushfire seasons"
Bushfires have accounted for over 800 deaths in Australia since 1851 and the total accumulated cost is estimated at $1.6 billion. In terms of monetary cost however, they rate behind the damage caused by drought, severe storms, hail, and cyclones, perhaps because they most commonly occur outside highly populated urban areas.
Australia's worst ever recorded natural disaster was a Bushfire, the Victorian Black Saturday Bushfires in 2009, where 173 people lost their lives.
Some of the most severe Australian bushfires, in chronological order, have included:

</doc>
<doc id="20827807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827807" title="Dvor pri Polhovem Gradcu">
Dvor pri Polhovem Gradcu

Dvor pri Polhovem Gradcu () is a village east of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
In the 19th century Dvor was known as "Duor" in German. The name of the settlement was changed from "Dvor" to "Dvor pri Polhovem Gradcu" in 1955. The name "Dvor pri Polhovem Gradcu" literally means 'manor near Polhov Gradec.' "Dvor" is a relatively common toponym in Slovenia and, in addition to 'manor', may also refer to a farm with outbuildings, an estate, a (fenced-in) courtyard, or a barnyard, as well as a medieval agricultural estate comprising up to 40 farms. See Baumgarten Manor below.
Religious heritage.
There are two churches in the settlement. The first stands east of the road in the southern part of the settlement. It is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and was first mentioned in documents dating to 1526. It was remodeled in the Baroque style in 1773, perhaps by Lovrenc Prager (ca. 1720–1791). It has an octagonal nave with two side chapels. The main altar dates to 1802. The church has cultural heritage status.
The second church stands in the middle of Dvor pri Polhovem Gradcu. It is a late Gothic structure dedicated to Saint Peter and was built in 1525, probably on the site of an earlier church. It has a carved door casing and a late Gothic wooden ceiling with Renaissance elements. Its main altar dates to 1739 and one of the side altars with the date 1627, dedicated to Saint Valentine, would be the oldest surviving example of a gilded wooden altar in Slovenia if it had not been so excessively restored at various points. The church has cultural heritage status. The church was built from the ruins of Baumgarten Manor after it was destroyed in the earthquake of 1511 and it is also referred to as the "imperial church" ("cesarska cerkev") or "count's church" ("grofova cerkev").
A chapel-shrine dedicated to the Virgin Mary stands in the center of the settlement, next to the Saint Peter's Church. It has no doors; there is a statue of Mary in the niche, and it bears the year 1897. The shrine has cultural heritage status.
There is a wayside shrine in the extreme northeast part of the settlement, on the east side of the road at the crossroads to Belica and Babna Gora. It is a wooden crucifix with the year 1904 carved into its stone base. The shrine has cultural heritage status.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to churches and shrines, other structures registered as cultural heritage in Dvor pri Polhovem Gradcu include the following:
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Dvor pri Polhovem Gradcu include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827813" title="Balasooriya">
Balasooriya

Balasooriya is a common Sinhala surname in Sri Lanka. In some cases the name spells as "Balasuriya". There is no pronunciation difference between these two names and the only difference comes in English spelling.

</doc>
<doc id="20827814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827814" title="Astar (game)">
Astar (game)

Astar is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Kyrgyzstan. It is a game similar to draughts and Alquerque as players hop over one another's pieces when capturing. However, unlike draughts and Alquerqe, Astar is played on 5x6 square grid with two triangular boards attached on two opposite sides of the grid. The board somewhat resembles those of Kotu Ellima, Sixteen Soldiers, and Peralikatuma, all of which are games related to Astar. However, these three games use an expanded Alquerque board with a 5x5 square grid with diagonal lines. Astar uses a 5x6 grid with no diagonal lines.
Goal.
The player that captures all of their opponent's pieces wins. Alternatively, the player that fully occupies their opponent's triangular board wins. Another way to win, is if a player can trap their opponent's pieces and thus preventing them from performing a legal move.
Equipment.
A 5x6 square grid is used with a triangular board attached on two opposite sides of the square grid specifically on the two shorter sides of the square grid. The square grid only consist of orthogonal lines; there are no diagonal lines.
Each player has 16 pieces of which one set is black, and the other is white.
Game play and rules.
1. Players decide who will play the black pieces, and who will play the white pieces. They also decide who will start first.
2. Players play opposite one another across the board with each player having its own triangular board. Players place all of their 16 pieces in the first four ranks of their side of the board. Therefore, each player's triangular board will be filled up with their own pieces, and on the fourth rank, the three middle intersection points are occupied.
3. On a player's turn, a piece may move (in any orthogonal direction) along a marked line onto a vacant adjacent intersection point. Alternatively, a player's piece may capture an enemy piece. The player's piece must be orthogonally adjacent to the enemy piece. The player's piece leaps over it (as in draughts), and lands on a vacant point immediately beyond. The leap must be in a straight line, and follow the pattern on the board. If possible, the piece can continue to capture in any (orthogonal) direction. It is uncertain whether captures are compulsory, but in games like Kotu Ellima, Sixteen Soldiers, and Peralikatuma, captures are compulsory. The same may be true for Astar. Since captures may be compulsory, a player's piece must continue to leap and capture enemy pieces until it can no longer do so. Captured piece(s) are removed from the board.
4. Only one piece may be moved or used to capture enemy piece(s) in a turn.
5. If a player has more than one option to capture, then the player can choose any one (and only one) of them.

</doc>
<doc id="20827816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827816" title="Darren Hare">
Darren Hare

Darren Hare (born 2 April 1967) is an English former footballer turned coach, currently working as youth team manager at Gillingham F.C.
Born in Canterbury, he began his career playing for the youth teams of Dover and Gillingham and went on to play for a number of Kent-based non-league teams, including Canterbury City, Herne Bay and Sittingbourne. He also managed Canterbury and Folkestone Invicta, and worked as Youth Development Officer for the Kent County Football Association.
Hare later became Head of Youth Development for Gillingham. In December 2004 he served as acting manager after the resignation of both Andy Hessenthaler and caretaker manager John Gorman. The following year he left Priestfield Stadium to become Head of Education and Welfare in the academy system at Crystal Palace, and made a brief playing comeback at the age of 38.
In 2007 he joined Dover Athletic as assistant to Hessenthaler, the club's new manager, who is also his brother-in-law. When Hessenthaler began his second period as manager at Gillingham in May 2010, Hare also returned to Priestfield, as youth team manager.
Personal life.
Hare is married to Alison, a nurse, and has three children, Joshua, Chloe and James. The children were born following "pioneering" treatment after Hare's fertility was affected by a childhood bout of mumps.

</doc>
<doc id="20827821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827821" title="Norton 650SS">
Norton 650SS

The 650SS was a Norton motorcycle made by between 1961 and 1967 at Norton’s Bracebridge Street works in Birmingham. Developed from the Norton Dominator, the Featherbed frame was altered so that the top rails were closer together to create what became known as the 'slimline featherbed'. A 650cc twin carburettor engine was installed which was capable of . The 'SS' stood for 'Sports Special' and the 600cc models were discontinued to concentrate on production of the 650SS, which quickly earned a reputation as the "best of the Dommies".
Development.
Norton produced a custom touring 650 on November 7th 1960 for export only, sold in the US as the "Manxman finished in polychromatic blue and a bright red seat with white piping and lots of chrome plating, and a special exhaust system only fitted to the manxman 650 twin .The Norton Manxman 650 twin had 52BHP and a top speed of over 120mph and the race machine developed by Hienzs Kragler had speeds of 150mph and won pebble beach races " on September 1961 the 650SS was developed for the home market and on April 20th 1962, Norton launched the 745cc Norton Atlas as the main export model.
The model 99SS, was developed from the Norton Manxman 650 as were the 650SS and Atlas . Fitted as standard with twin Amal Monobloc carburettors with the intakes angled downwards. Twin exhausts replaced the 99SS two-into-one and the headlight nacelle was replaced with a modernised speedometer and tachometer. The 650SS was finished in a black frame with silver fuel tank and optional chrome fenders.
In February 1962 "Motor Cycling" magazine achieved a best one-way speed of 119.5 mph at MIRA with a 650SS, more than 10 mph faster than the rival Triumph Bonneville tested the previous summer.

</doc>
<doc id="20827824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827824" title="Eric Orbom">
Eric Orbom

Eric Orbom (6 July 1915 – 23 May 1959) was an American art director. He won a posthumous Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Spartacus".

</doc>
<doc id="20827832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827832" title="Identisick">
Identisick

Identisick is the fourth studio album by the death metal band Benighted from France. It was released by Adipocère Records on February 10, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20827851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827851" title="Gabrje, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec">
Gabrje, Dobrova–Polhov Gradec

Gabrje (; in older sources also "Gabrije") is a settlement north of Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It also comprises the hamlets of Jarčji Potok (), Knapovec, Pod Kotom, Ravnik, and Žerovnik. The settlement includes three creeks—from west to east, Žerovnik Creek (), Jarc Creek (), and Ostrožnik Creek—all tributaries of the Gradaščica River.
Name.
The name "Gabrje" means 'hornbeam forest' and, like similar names (e.g., "Gaberje, Gabrče, Veliki Gaber"), originally referred to the local vegetation.
History.
On 9 May 1942 Italian forces burned two houses in the hamlet of Žerovnikov Graben, and on 12 July 1942 burned the hamlet of Jarčji Potok.
Religious heritage.
The local church is a chapel of ease dedicated to John the Baptist. It stands in the center of the settlement. The first church was mentioned at the site in 1544, but this was replaced by a late Baroque structure designed by Lovrenc Prager (1728–1791) and built from 1762 to 1772. It is a single-nave hall church with three arched segments, a square chancel, and a more recent bell tower. The main altar is from the second half of the 18th century, and the two side altars from the 19th century. On 12 March 1943 the Partisans burned down the church and dynamited the bell tower. The church is registered as cultural heritage.
A crucifix shrine with a large wooden figure of Christ stands in the center of the village. It dates from 1921 and is registered as cultural heritage.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to its church and shrine, Gabrje has other registered cultural heritage items:
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Gabrje include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827869" title="Hrastenice">
Hrastenice

Hrastenice () is a small settlement northwest of Dobrova in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies on the road from Ljubljana to Polhov Gradec above the Gradaščica River.
Name.
The name "Hrastenice" is derived from the word "hrast" 'oak'. Like similar names (e.g., "Hrastje, Hrastovica, Hrastnik"), it originally referred to the local vegetation. In the 19th century it was known as "Krestenitze" in German.
History.
Just east of Hrastenice above the Gradaščica River there was an engagement between Partisan and Italian forces in 1942. A plaque at the place reads: "At this site on 7 May 1942 a battalion of the village defense forces of this zone attacked an Italian column and destroyed a large number of the occupying force's soldiers and officers, including the regimental commander." The Italian losses numbered 36 dead and missing, including a lieutenant colonel, and 82 wounded soldiers and officers.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Hrastenice include:

</doc>
<doc id="20827873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20827873" title="Addison Hehr">
Addison Hehr

Addison Hehr (27 October 1909 – 28 February 1971) was an American art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Hehr was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
