<doc id="20702990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702990" title="Subaru Legacy (first generation)">
Subaru Legacy (first generation)

The first generation Subaru Legacy is a mid-size family car developed by Fuji Heavy Industries. The Legacy was an all new model, and was considered a notable departure from Subaru products in the past.
History.
The worldwide introduction of the Legacy was achieved in 1990. Subaru had earned a reputation of building vehicles that were regarded as "quirky" and other Asian manufacturers were bringing more upscale and conventional appearing models to the market. The Legacy appeared at the same time as the USA introduction of Lexus and Infiniti and five years after Acura, and it was interpreted by some as Subaru's attempt at participating in the emerging imported luxury car market. However, Subaru didn't have a V6 or V8 engine. The Legacy was more aerodynamic than previously built products, with soft edges and a more coherent appearance. The sedan has a break in the beltline where it drops down from the windshield to the front door glass, and then juts up from the rear door glass to the rear window, and the beltline is interrupted as it transitions down to the rear window on the wagon. The beltline treatment was used again on the SVX when it was introduced in 1992.
The Legacy broke with many Subaru traditions, such as no longer locating the spare tire in the engine compartment, behind the engine and above the transmission, a tradition started with the 1966 Subaru 1000, a method also used in the Citroën GS. The Legacy was also the second Subaru to use wheels with five lug nuts instead of four to better cope with the increased horsepower and torque from the powertrain. The Legacy was an all-new model, and was slotted at the top in Subaru's model range, joining the Leone, the Subaru XT coupe, Subaru Justy sub-compact, and the Subaru Rex and Subaru Sambar kei cars in Japan.
The Subaru star badge used since the introduction of the 360 was modified, with a more conventional and stylized appearance, in comparison to versions used on previous vehicles.
The Legacy began with a 5-door wagon or 4-door sedan body styles with FWD and an optional full-time AWD package, and was introduced in the United States, UK, Germany, the Benelux region of Northern Europe, Argentina, Chile, Japan, Australia it was called Liberty and New Zealand. The car was built with many luxury and technological advancements normally found on more expensive vehicles as standard equipment, such as power windows, central locking, fuel injection, air conditioning, vehicle speed sensitive, variable effort, power assist rack-and-pinion steering, alloy wheels, 4-wheel independent suspension (MacPherson struts in front and Chapman struts for the back) with both negative scrub and anti-dive and squat geometery, anti-sway bars front and rear, and 4-wheel disc brakes. Items that were optional that didn't make the vehicle too expensive were 4-channel ABS, licensed from Bosch and air suspension height control, which lowered the vehicle at speeds above , and also allowed the driver to increase the vehicles ground clearance for off-road conditions. The air suspension was inspired by various manufacturers who used Hydropneumatic suspension, such as Citroen, Honda, and Mercedes-Benz.
On vehicles equipped with power central locking, the feature is activated from the inside drivers door lock switch only, by pushing the rocker switch to lock or unlock all doors. There is no label on any of the doors that suggest the door lock function is electric. Other doors can be locked or unlocked individually by pushing the respective door lock rocker switch, but it will not lock or unlock the other doors. The outside key door lock can unlock the drivers door only by turning the key partially, or with a complete turn to the left to unlock all doors.
According to a translation of the Japanese Wikipedia article on the Subaru Legacy, the Aomori Prefecture and Ibaraki Prefecture police departments have used the Legacy Turbo for patrol cars since the car was introduced and continue to do so. Also mentioned in this translation was an article stating that when Fuji Heavy Industries began to develop the Legacy during Japan's "bubble economy", the Subaru division was facing financial pressure to improve sales in larger car segments, due to market successes from other Asian competitors and that they used an internal project code of "44B" to refer to the Legacy.
Japanese models.
When the Legacy was first introduced February 1, 1989 in Japan, the Legacy came in the following trim levels: the DOHC 2.0-liter turbocharged "RS" with a 5-speed manual transmission only, followed by the "VZ" sedan and wagon and the "TZ" sedan and wagon with the DOHC 2.0-liter engine. A smaller SOHC 1.8-liter engine was used for the "Vi" sedan and wagon with FWD only, "Ti" sedan and wagon, the "Mi" and the entry level "Ei" sedans and wagons. The fuel efficiency for the 2.0-liter engine (non-turbo, manual transmission 4WD) is based on Japanese Government emissions tests using 10 different modes of scenario standards, and at speeds consistently maintained at , based on figures listed in the Japanese sales brochure.
All wagons available to the Japanese were the extended roof version, referred to as the "Touring Wagon", and the air suspension, called "EP-S" (electronic pneumatic-suspension), was only available on the AWD equipped VZ wagon with an automatic transmission. In 1990, the DOHC 2.0-liter turbocharged Legacy "GT" sedan/extended roof wagon was introduced, with a 4-speed computer-controlled automatic transmission only on the GT sedan and a choice of automatic or manual transmission on the wagon, as well as the slightly more affordable "RS type R" turbocharged sedan. The GT sedan/wagon, the RS, and RS type R came with 15-inch alloy wheels and 205/60R15 tires, dual piston brake calipers front and rear, and a sport-tuned suspension over the standard wheel size of 14-inch steel wheels for the other models offered. Plastic wheel covers were not offered on the entry level "Ei" sedan or wagon, and the 13-inch wheel was painted silver instead of black.
The "Ti type S" sedan and wagon, introduced in 1991, were offered with items available on the more expensive VZ and TZ but with the smaller 1.8 engine. The AWD setup, called "Active Torque Split" in Japanese language brochures, was standard on the Japanese-spec GT and RS, optional on the other trim levels with either a manual or automatic transmission. A partial 4WD system was offered on the lower trim level "Mi" and "Ei" sedans and wagons with a manual transmission only, activated by an imbedded switch on top of the gear shift lever. A glass moonroof was not available until 1990 on both the GT and VZ sedan and wagon.
At the Legacy's introduction, the top level VZ sedan interior was originally available in blue, gray or a special color combination of pearl white exterior paint with dark red upholstery and brown interior plastic, with the other sedans and wagons offering interior color choices of blue or gray. The VZ wagon that was painted black came with light gray two-tone paint scheme on the lower half of the vehicle, and both front and rear bumper covers below the bumper rub strip, which was later used when the Outback was introduced with the Second Generation. Blue interior was offered on vehicles with blue exterior paint only. When model year 1990 arrived, however, the interior color choices were reduced to gray for the entire product line, with various types of upholstery selections, including a choice of velour, moquette, or tricot cloth upholstery based on the trim level. Leather was optional on the GT sedan and wagon only. A four spoke, black leather covered MOMO steering wheel also came with the Japanese-spec GT sedan/wagon and the RS sedan, and was afixed with six allen head screws to an adapter hub that incorporated the cruise control activation switch. This arrangement allowed the exchange of other aftermarket steering wheels using a six screw installation pattern to suit personal tastes. The black leather steering wheel accompanied matching black leather on the gearshift, center armrest cover, and parking brake handle. The upper half of the dashboard on the 1990 RS was available with an optional blue color, with the rest of the dashboard and interior in gray only. The RS and RS type R interior color was black with black cloth upholstery with matching door panels and extended side bolsters on the front seats, covered in an upholstery pattern insert unique to the RS and RS type R. Japanese models have been known to be exported to countries with right-hand driving requirements, such as the UK, India, Australia and New Zealand.
The following was printed, in English, on the front cover of the 1989 Japanese Legacy brochure, as Subaru was proud of their new car:
International models.
The European, British and Australian versions were offered with three trim levels; the upscale GX, the more affordable LX in Australia called the GL in Europe and the UK, and the very basic DL in parts of Europe, with AWD offered as an option on the GX, LX and GL. In Europe and the UK, the GL and DL came with the 1.8-liter engine and the GX came with the larger 2.2-liter engine. For model year 1990, the British-spec. 1.8 GL was equipped with a carburetor and rear drum brakes but were later upgraded to single point fuel injection for model year 1991. The DL wasn't available in the UK or Australia. The British were also given a choice of vehicles equipped with a Catalytic Converter that restricted fuel usage to unleaded fuel only. The Australians could choose between the SOHC 2.2-liter no turbo on the GX and LX or the DOHC 2.0-liter with a turbo on the RS. In 1992, the Australians were offered the Liberty RS turbo as a sedan or extended roof wagon with a manual transmission only. When the Japanese-spec turbo was offered in Europe and Australia, the black leather covered MOMO steering wheel was also offered. The steering wheel was afixed with six allen head screws to an adapter hub that incorporated the cruise control activation switch, if cruise control was installed. This arrangement allowed the exchange of other aftermarket steering wheels using a six screw installation pattern to suit personal tastes. The black leather steering wheel accompanied matching black leather on the gearshift, center armrest cover, and parking brake handle. The main difference from the Japanese market MOMO steering wheel and the European and Australian version was the Japanese version was four spoke.
The European, British and Australian versions came with two interior color choices of blue or gray. European upholstery fabric selections of tweed, tricot, or webstoff woven cloth were particular to the individual trim level; tweed for the GX, tricot for the GL and webstoff for the DL. The British GL was offered with either the tricot or webstoff upholstery based on the exterior paint color chosen. Velour upholstery was offered instead of tweed on the Australian GX. The European and Australian versions were also available as a limited, premium editions, called GX Gala in Europe, and GX Heritage in Australia offering gray leather on the Euro-spec sedans and extended roof wagons, and only on the sedan for the Australian-spec Liberty Heritage. The European DL, which was very similar to the Japanese-spec Ei model, was very basic; items that weren't offered were a tachometer, power windows and central locking, a radio, individual 60:40 rear folding seatbacks on the sedan, and AWD was not available on the DL. The Euro-spec DL also didn't have plastic wheel covers, and instead was identical to the Japanese-spec Ei, with silver painted steel wheels and a silver plastic lug nut cover. The European DL also didn't have paint on the front or rear bumper covers, and remained in their natural state of black plastic.
The European, British and Australian wagons were also available with a dual-range manual transmission, not offered in the USA or Japan. In Germany, the extended roof wagon was called the Super Station and was available with either the 2.2 or 1.8-liter engine, ABS brakes were available only on German vehicles with the 2.2-liter engine, and the standard wagon was called the Legacy Station with a 1.8-liter engine only. Subarus were not officially sold in France until February 1992. Fuel efficiency ratings for European models (2.2L, non-turbo, 4WD and manual transmission) are at , at , and at city speeds, according to the 1991 European sales brochure.
The USA Legacy was introduced with three trim levels: the Standard, the "L," and the "LS." In 1991, the Standard was removed and the "LSi" was introduced as an "LS" with gray leather interior on the sedan only, similar to the "Gala" and "Heritage" approach internationally. The USA-spec Standard was very similar to the Euro-spec DL and the Japanese-spec Ei, with a very sparse level of equipment. The 1990 models can be distinguished from the 1991 models by the color of the rub strip that encompasses the vehicle; 1990 the color was gray and 1991 the color was black. Also, the color of the automatic front seat shoulder belt latch was interior color for 1990 and black for 1991 and subsequent years. For MY 1991, the "L" trim level was available with a Value Plus option package, which included anti-lock brakes, power windows, central locking, air conditioning, cruise control, and the 80W stereo. The 2.2 turbo, called the "Sport Sedan", was also introduced to the USA in 1991. The USA-spec Sport Sedan has Alcantara interior in gray and was not available in Japan, Europe or Australia.
In 1992, the "LSi" was introduced on the wagon, alongside the newly introduced turbocharged "LE" Touring Wagon. The USA-spec Touring Wagon was renamed the GT and was offered with a raised roof, one year before the introduction of the Second Generation in 1995, but without a turbo. The only engine size available in USA was the 2.2-liter. The fuel efficiency for the 2.2-liter engine (non-turbo, manual transmission 4WD) is city and at highway speeds, based on figures listed in the 1991 American sales brochure. The USA version offered three interior color choices adding a light brown selection to the list. Upholstery selections were tricot for base level "L" and velour for the uplevel "LS". Leather was only available on all versions internationally from Subaru in gray. The air suspension height control was only available on the wagon with an automatic transmission, and a non-turbocharged engine in all international markets. No sedans were manufactured by Subaru with the air suspension height control, unlike the Honda Accord and Honda Vigor top trim level sedans and hatchbacks which were. AWD was standard only on the USA Sport Sedan and optional on all other USA trim levels. Extended roof wagons were not available on the USA Legacy until the Second Generation, when it was used only for the Outback.
Many rural United States Postal Service routes used specially ordered right hand drive Legacys to deliver mail. These wagons were available from 1990 to 1999 and differed very little from the private use "L" trim level Legacy.
Trim levels on the USA version can be easily identified by the color of the outside door handles. Base trim levels can be identified by chrome door handles, whereas uplevel had painted door handles that match the exterior color. Japanese models all had chrome door handles and European and Australian versions all had painted door handles. The USA door handle tradition continued until model year 2010 on the fifth generation Legacy platform, with Subaru using black plastic instead of chrome starting with 1994 Legacy lower trim levels. MY 1992 saw the Japanese-spec door handles changed to the European version of painted handles, a feature they still use on current models.
Specifications.
Transmissions.
The newly developed computer-controlled 4-speed automatic transmission, called the 4EAT in both FWD and AWD guises, uses a lock up torque converter, and does not use an overdrive feature. The transmission had a feature where it could be instructed to ignore 1st gear from a standing stop to assist driving on traction limited situations, such as ice and snow. The system was activated by depressing a button on the gearshift selector marked "Manual" and moving the gearshift from the "D" position down to "3rd". A yellow indicator light marked "Manual" also lights up at the bottom center of the instrument cluster when the system is ready to be used. The car would then start in 2nd gear, and not 1st, then as the car gained speed would shift up to 3rd, locking out 4th gear. The transmission's computer also splits the delivered torque 50:50 between the front and rear wheels. Once the car stopped, the transmission would start back in 2nd and not 1st, until the system was disengaged with the "Manual" button or upshifting to 4th.
The automatic transmission also has engine over-rev protection by shifting the transmission to the next available gear once 6500 rpm has been achieved, even if the gear selector is in a low gear position. The computer that monitors and controls automatic transmission operations and status is networked with the fuel injection management computer, as well as the cruise control and anti-lock brake computer, if so equipped. Information is shared so that the vehicle operates as efficiently as possible. The computers that monitored various conditions also have the ability to store occurrences of possible malfunction, and aid qualified mechanics in the diagnosis and possible repair of various systems.
The automatic transmission used on AWD equipped vehicles would normally send 90% of the engines torque to the front wheels and 10% to the rear wheels, using a computer-controlled, continuously variable, multi-plate transfer clutch. When the front wheels began to experience a loss of grip, the transmission automatically sent available torque to the rear wheels, up to 50:50 split between the front and rear wheels until grip was reestablished at the front wheels, without notifying the driver or occupants that torque was being redirected. When accelerating or driving uphill, the vehicles weight shifts rearward, reducing front wheel traction, causing the transmission to automatically send torque to the rear wheels to compensate. When braking or driving downhill, the vehicle's weight shifts towards the front, reducing rear wheel traction. The transmission again compensates by sending torque to the front wheels for better steering control and braking performance. If the automatic is placed in Reverse or "1st" gear, the transmission divides the torque 50:50 to both front and rear wheels. A limited slip rear differential was optional on the 1991 USA Sport Sedan (Legacy Turbo). However it was unavailable on the 92-94 USA Turbo.
The automatic transmission also has the ability to change the shift points, and hold the gears longer when the engine is operating at higher RPMs. This is achieved by pressing the accelerator pedal quickly, which causes an indicator light marked as "Power" at the bottom center of the instrument cluster to light up. The European and Australian version came equipped with a center console installed override switch labeled "AT Econo" which instructed the computer to utilize the "Power" mode, and remain so until the switch was reset to "Econo" mode. The "Power" mode was also available for engine braking, causing the transmission to downshift 500 rpm earlier than in "normal" mode. For 1991, the "Manual" button on the gearshift was replaced by a "Econo" switch on the gearshift, and the console mounted button was changed from "AT Econo" to "Manual", so that the transmission was always in "Econo" mode until the gearshift mounted switch was disengaged. Unlike the USA and Japanese version, which went into "Power" mode only when the accelerator was pushed rapidly, the "Power" mode on the European and Australian version was activated by either console or gearshift installed switches.
The manual transmission uses a true gear type viscous limited slip center differential. The secondary shaft in the transmission is hollow with the pinion shaft extending through it to the center differential. It provides a 50:50 torque balance under acceleration and deceleration up to the point of wheel slip, then the VLSD begins to send more torque to the wheels with more traction. Non-turbo model also included Hill Holder which allows the car to remain stopped on an incline by only depressing the clutch pedal, instead of both the clutch and brake pedal.
Engines.
The EJ series flat-4 aluminium alloy engine, specially developed for the Legacy, was the most powerful engine Subaru had built to date, and the engine is currently offered in many configurations. In an attempt to ensure durability and longevity, Subaru chose to use five main crankshaft bearings. The engine has either single or double overhead camshaft architecture and pent-roof, cross flow cylinder firing chambers. The ignition utilized distributorless ignition, using a computer-controlled coil pack and spark plug wires to supply the electrical charge. Later versions of this engine used coil packs installed directly on top of the spark plug. Problems detected by the cars' on-board computers are signified by a "check engine" light, alerting the driver that maintenance is needed immediately. The air-fuel mixture is monitored by a mass air flow sensor and emissions are controlled by an oxygen sensor installed in front of a catalytic converter. It also uses reverse flow engine cooling, meaning cool water from the radiator entered the cylinder heads first and then exited through the top of the engine block back into the top of the radiator. The water flow was controlled by the thermostat which is located next to the water pump underneath the engine. Installing the thermostat in this position allows it to more accurately control the temperature of the water as it enters the engine from the cylinder heads first, thereby better preventing an occurrence of thermal shock.
When it debuted in the US, it was introduced with a slightly larger displacing SOHC 2.2-liter engine that was also used for the European, British and Australian versions over the Japanese market version of DOHC 2.0 liters. The 2.0-liter and 2.2-liter engines fuel delivery were managed with sequential multiport common rail fuel injection called MPFI, and the 1.8-liter engine used a throttle body fuel injection system with single injector called SPFI. The Japanese use the smaller engine because of Japanese vehicle size legislation, which determines the tax to be paid based on the cars dimensions and engine displacement. However, the Japanese domestic market (JDM) engine was more powerful, even without the turbo. The JDM DOHC 2.0-liter non turbocharged engine had a dual stage intake manifold where at approximately 3200-3500 engine RPMs four individual valves would allow additional air flow into the engine from a secondary manifold attached and located underneath the primary intake manifold.
The DOHC 2.0-liter turbocharged EJ20G engine, which is a prized engine worldwide amongst Subaru enthusiasts, was introduced first in the Legacy and later used in the Impreza WRX when that model was introduced in 1993. In Europe, the Legacy RS Turbo was sometimes referred to as the "Lunacy" Turbo. The Australians were offered the Japanese-spec RS turbo sedan with the DOHC 2.0-liter engine in 1991, and Europe and the UK the same engine in 1992, manual transmission only. The DOHC 2.0-liter turbo also came with a water-cooled intercooler. The USA SOHC EJ22T 2.2-liter turbo was not offered the water-cooled intercooler when it was introduced to them in 1991. The USA turbocharged engine was available with either a manual or automatic transmission. The turbocharged engine was initially offered internationally in the sedan only, with Japanese buyers able to choose between a sedan or wagon on the GT starting in 1990.
All turbo models in North America ceased importation from Japan with the end of the first generation in model year 1994 until 2005, when the turbo was re-introduced. This was due to Subaru having upgraded the single turbo used in the Legacy with a twin turbo engine starting with the Second Generation and continued with the Third Generation. The twin turbo configuration was not compatible with left-hand drive vehicles because the turbo on the left side interferes with both the brake master cylinder and steering linkage, among other things.
Safety.
In the USA, the Legacy was introduced with automatic seat belts due to United States National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) regulations stating that all cars produced from April 1, 1989 were to be equipped with a passive front passenger restraint system that would protect front occupants from frontal impact without occupant participation. This regulation was enacted to force manufacturers to install air bags in their vehicles. In 1992, Subaru added a driver side airbag only which didn't satisfy the U.S. regulation. If a vehicle had dual air bags, the passive seat belt systems could be removed, which Subaru did in 1995, with the Second Generation. The monocoque body integrated a steel safety cage that surrounded the passenger compartment, with collapsable engine and trunk sections for added passenger protection. Steel beams were added inside the front and rear door to protect passengers from side collisions. To increase the rigidity of the front and rear bumpers, a styrofoam insert is added, which is used on vehicles sold only in North America.
Subaru asserts the inclusion of their AWD technology is a safety feature, allowing the driver to avoid possible unsafe conditions by enabling the vehicle to maintain contact with the road and avoid a possible accident, even during inclement weather [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmgsOY995FU&NR=1]. On vehicles equipped with ABS and AWD, if the ABS system is activated due to emergency braking, the ABS computer is networked with the transmission computer, which instructs the AWD to send power to all wheels while the ABS is stopping the vehicle so that the wheels maintain contact with the road. All turbocharged vehicles, both sedan and wagon, regardless of the country the vehicle was sold in were equipped with ABS and rear ventilated disc brakes as standard equipment.
The Japanese vehicles had rear lap belts only on the lower trim levels and 3-point outboard position lap and shoulder belts with a center rear position lap belt on all vehicles with the 2.0-liter engine. Seat belt pre-tensioners with Emergency Locking Retractors (called E.L.R.) were standard equipment in Japanese vehicles with the VZ trim package and all vehicles equipped with the turbocharged engine.
Canadian spec Legacy were not fitted with automatic seat belts due to objections from the Canadian Government and current USA owners have been known to convert the automatic seat belts to the Canadian version when the mechanism fails to retract. Replacing the failed automatic seat belt is currently cost-prohibitive due to current Subaru pricing for failed parts.
All Legacy wagons sold in Europe came with rear seat headrests and 3-point outboard position lap and shoulder belts as standard equipment, whereas rear headrests were available on upper trim levels elsewhere. All international Legacy, except the USA, had front seat adjustable anchor shoulder belts.
Equipment.
Some of the affordable luxury items included express up and express down driver side power window, an electric tilt and sliding moonroof with ventilated sunshade, tilt steering with memory feature that allowed the spring-loaded steering column to "jump up" and out of the way, power mirrors, 4-way adjustable headrests, velour upholstery and upgraded plush carpeting on the USDM 1990 Legacy LS sedan and wagon, adding leather-wrapped steering wheel, gearshift and parking brake handle in 1991. Also in 1991, automatic digital climate control, which was deleted in 1992, and an in-dash CD player, among other things were added to the USA options list. Several exterior paint choices came with a pearlescent appearance, offered only in the USA.
Some of the factory installed double DIN (180 x 100 mm panel) 80 watt stereos with the integrated equalizer and cassette players, sourced from Clarion and Panasonic, came with a 3.5 mm auxiliary port on the front of the stereo, which enables current digital music devices to be played. The Japanese version of this factory installed stereo was rated at 100W and the volume control knob was situated on the right side of the stereo and the frequency display was on the left. The stereo unit used for the USA and Australia had the volume control on the left and the frequency display on the right. The in-dash CD player, sourced from Clarion, was available on the USA, Japanese and Australian sedan and wagon as an extra cost option, and is easily attached to the double DIN stereo. In 1994, Subaru made available an 80 watt subwoofer/amplifier located under the front passenger seat in the USA, and a side view mirror tweeter speaker kit available as a USA dealer installed accessory with limited availability. Factory stereos standard DIN (180 x 50 mm panel) with 40 watt installed in European vehicles were sourced from Philips or Fujitsu Ten.
The European and British versions were installed with standard headlight washers and rear fog lights, so that other drivers could see them in inclement weather and at night. European models also received glass-lens halogen headlights that could have the distance the light was projected adjusted from an electric switch installed on the dashboard, and also received speed sensitive, variable effort power steering, and both items were standard installed. The Australian-spec sedan and wagon were equipped with the rear fog light, but not the headlight washers. The British and Europeans could also install a front bumper bull bar and an thick steel sump guard that extended from the bottom edge of the front bumper to the front suspension. The Europeans could not get an in-dash cupholder located in the small space below the HVAC controls and above the stereo, found in the Australian, USA and Japanese models. In that location instead is a clock, and a button to deploy an electric radio antenna, if so equipped. Clocks are integrated with the OEM stereo internationally.
The Japanese versions offered electrically folding power mirrors, 8-way power drivers seat with power recline for the seat back, and infrared keyless remote entry integrated into the ignition key. The GT and VZ had a feature where the driver's door could be opened without using a key or remote, using a driver programmed security code that was entered by pulling the exterior door handle a specific number of times, in accordance with a 4-digit security code found in its memory. This feature was only installed on vehicles with the infrared keyless remote. Vehicles equipped with the infrared keyless remote feature can be identified by having a dark plastic receiver patch installed on the driver's door handle, located directly above the entry lock keyhole. The transmitter installed in the ignition key was aimed at this receiver patch on the door handle.
The Japanese could also choose from two factory installed high end stereos and speaker packages from Alpine and Kenwood with integrated CD players, a rear wiper on the back of the sedan as well as the wagon, a spring-loaded ejecting front ashtray, (GT, RS, VZ, and VZ height controlled wagon only), an electrostatic air purifier mounted behind the rear seats on the parcel shelf for the sedan and a combined air purifier/overhead interior light for the wagon, automatic climate control with digital temperature display, vehicle speed sensitive power door locks, halogen fog lights with either clear or yellow lenses, and the ability to switch off the speed sensitive, variable effort power steering on the RS turbo sedan. All vehicles manufactured for sale in Japan with power windows had a feature where the power windows would still operate for 30 seconds after removing the ignition key.
1991 facelift and other changes.
A minor facelift to the front end came in 1991 for the 1992 model year, revising the grille, front fenders, hood and headlamps to provide a similar appearance with the introduction of the Subaru SVX luxury GT coupe, along with interior and exterior color changes. For MY 1994, the USA-spec wagons were available with minor trim packages, called the Alpine Sport and Sun Sport, which were basically "L" trim level wagons with optional equipment, such as heated front seats, added as a "Value Option Group" and also came with graphics denoting the package on the exterior of the vehicle. The USA-spec LSi wagon was available with tan leather interior, with matching leather on the steering wheel, gearshift selector, center armrest, interior door panels, and parking brake handle. The red plastic rear trim piece, on both the sedan and wagon, continues but the word "Subaru" is exchanged for the word "Legacy". Also, the Subaru star logo is no longer used on the back of the sedan or wagon.
Japanese models saw the introduction of the GT type S2 sedan, which added BBS alloy wheels and rear trunk spoiler as standard equipment, the VZ type R, and the Brighton 220, which had much of the luxury equipment from the VZ trim level and the 2.2 SOHC engine installed in only the Touring Wagon. The Japanese-spec TZ was replaced by the Brighton trim name. According to a translation of Wikipedia Japan of the Legacy, in August 1992, the "Legacy Touring Wagon STi" was released and limited to 200 units. A Nardi three spoke black leather steering wheel was installed with the "STi" logo on the center horn button. The only major upgrade mentioned was upgrading the fuel injection ECU, and increasing the turbocharger pressure from the standard 450 mmHg to 650 mmHg, which was being used on the "RS" sedan and the same engine torque output, with an automatic transmission only. This wagon used the EJ22G engine that was shared with the first GC8 series Impreza STi "22B". The 1989–1991 Japanese version incorporated the side repeater into the side of the front corner turn signal lens with the side repeater protruding from the lens so that it could be seen laterally, then later adopting the European configuration in 1992.
The 1989–1994 European and Australian Legacy had side repeater lenses installed in the front fender just behind the front wheel, with the front turn signals installed next to the headlights. Starting with the 1992 facelift, the European model sold in Germany was available in a "Hubertus 2" trim level on the 1.8 L wagon only; it was offered in green with a manual transmission, all-wheel drive was standard equipment with the dual range transmission, and was also fitted with a painted brush guard matching the body color that protected the front grille and headlights, wrapping around to protect the side turn signals. It was also fitted with the height adjustable air suspension, allowing the vehicle to travel off road. The name Hubertus is used by a German hunting knife manufacturer and the name Hubertus is the patron saint of hunters.
The front turn signals were relocated from underneath the bumper on USA versions to their new location next to the headlights, as in the Japanese, Australian and European versions. Side repeater lenses were also added to the USA version, but they were used as side marker lights and not turn signal repeaters.
In the USA, parking lights were installed next to the headlights for MY 1990–1991 within dedicated corner lenses, then incorporated with the front turn signals from 1992 to current models. Parking lights for European, Australian and Japanese versions were incorporated inside the headlights, on the outer edge. All international versions of the Legacy utilize a dedicated parking light switch installed on top of the steering column until model year 2010.
The facelifted Legacy appeared for model year 1992 only in Japan and Australia because the second generation was introduced in 1993, and it was also sold as the Isuzu Aska also for MY 1992.
Motorsports.
Just before the introduction of the Legacy to the USA, three Japanese-spec Legacy RS turbo sedans were sent to the FIA test track in Phoenix, Arizona, where they were driven at an average speed of for almost 19 days, accumulating in that time, setting a new world record for land speed endurance, stopping only for fuel and routine service. Here's the documentary video, in Japanese, of the event [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AC4PPJuDghs&NR=1]
On another occasion, two AWD Legacy wagons finished 1st and 2nd place in the 1990 Alcan Winter Rally that covered from Seattle, Washington to the Arctic Circle and back and another wagon won the race again in 1992.
The Safari Rally event in 1990 saw two Subaru Legacys finish the race, with one car driven by Patrik Njiru winning in the Group N category. During the 1990 Safari Rally, 58 vehicles entered but only 10 cars crossed the finish line. Group N is a designation noting that the car is nearly identical to showroom models. The only modifications made are those required to meet safety regulations for the event. Another Group N Legacy finished the 1990 Acropolis Rally driven by Ian Duncan taking top honors and finishing the race in eighth place.
Marketing.
The USA Legacy was marketed as an affordable, luxurious sedan and wagon without the premium price, similar to the marketing efforts in Japan and Australia. The American, Japanese and Australian brochures actually define the vehicle as a "luxury car"[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipmp7vGynnc&feature=related]. The European and British Legacy were marketed as a roomy, comfortable, yet durable vehicle for life in the country, with unexpected amenities.
The Legacy was introduced in the USA as a competitor to the Honda Accord, Toyota Camry, Nissan Stanza, and Mazda 626, with the Legacy offering All Wheel Drive (AWD) as a major distinguishing feature against its competition. (Toyota initially offered AWD on the Camry in the USA in limited markets, with the designation Camry LE All-Trac, but discontinued the feature due to disappointing sales.) The only Japanese competitor to continue offering all-wheel-drive in a similarly sized sedan was Mitsubishi in the premium sport package Mitsubishi Galant VR-4, whereas Subaru offered all-wheel-drive as an option on all trim levels internationally. The Legacy sedan had very similar dimensions and appearance to the current at the time Toyota Cressida. When Subaru decided to offer a sedan and wagon that pushed the limits of Japanese regulations concerning exterior dimensions and engine size, it appears they drew inspiration from early 1970s Toyota Mark II and Nissan Maxima, adding their all-wheel drive to the list of options as a safety feature.
The Honda Legend introduced in 1986, appears to be a significant inspiration, with a very similar rear tail light influence on the Legacy sedan, and the appearance of the word "Legacy" across the trunklid in a similar "Legend" fashion. Many of the technical advancements included with the Legend, along with ergonomic desirability of various features found themselves appearing in the Legacy. Items like variable length intake manifolds, multi-port sequential fuel injection, independent strut suspensions, attention to aerodynamic design standards, and the desire to have a car that attempted to redefine what a luxury car should be. Other items like push button heating and ventilation controls, lighted footwells for the driver, storage pockets in the front doors with optional puddle lighting for all doors, bronze tinted glass to reduce glare and UV intrusion into the vehicle, hydraulic engine mounts to reduce engine vibrations intruding inside the vehicle, and numerous other items. The alloy wheels that were used on the 1991 Legacy LS sedan and wagon are also similar in appearance to the alloy wheels used on the 1988 Legend LS as well. When the Legend appeared in Japan and North America, its full name was the "Legend Touring Sedan". The Legacy wagon in Japan has always been described as the "Legacy Touring Wagon" and not a station wagon or estate, a tradition still maintained. Legacy trim levels also match the trim packages offered in North America, using "L" for the entry level model and "LS" on upper trim level products.
The Legacy was pitted against vehicles that were offered at the time from Detroit, notably the GM "A" platform (Pontiac 6000, Buick Century, Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera, and Chevrolet Celebrity) and the GM L platform (Corsica/Beretta), the Ford Tempo/Mercury Topaz and the Dodge Spirit/Plymouth Acclaim. Ford also offered AWD on the Tempo in limited markets from 1986 to 1991, and GM installed AWD on the Pontiac 6000 STE, but experienced the same results as Toyota with the Camry All-Trac and cancelled the option soon after. On the Pontiac, only the uplevel 6000 STE came with AWD as standard equipment from MY 1988–1990, with a V6 engine. The GM "A" body was also available as a wagon on the Pontiac, Buick, Oldsmobile, and Chevrolet, but all were FWD only. In North America, starting with model year 1993, the Legacy sedan and wagon saw the introduction of the Mitsubishi Diamante as a luxury wagon with optional all-wheel drive with a V6 engine.
In Europe, the Legacy competed against vehicles like the Toyota Carina, Nissan Primera, Opel Vectra, Ford Sierra, Volkswagen Passat, Audi 80, Alfa Romeo 75, and the Renault 21. The Ford, Opel, VW, Audi, and Renault were available with optional AWD at the time, but the Renault had AWD only on turbocharged engines, and the wagon was called the Nevada/Savanna. The Renault 21 was sold in North America briefly, called the Eagle Medallion until 1989.
In Japan, the early 1990s saw a rise in popularity of entry level luxury 4-door hardtop sedans, notably the Nissan Presea, Toyota Carina ED, Honda Vigor, Mazda (Efini) MS-8 and the Mitsubishi Emeraude all utilizing frameless side windows on a compact sedan wheelbase. Some vehicles had a slim "B" pillar between the front and rear door while others didn't. The Japanese-spec Legacy RS turbo competed with the Toyota Carina G Limited and the Nissan Bluebird SSS-R. The Legacy wagon appeared around the same time as the Nissan Avenir.
The Legacy was introduced with many different trim levels, with an assortment of different names (i.e. Brighton, Lancaster, VZ to name a few). Perhaps the most dubious one of all would be the 1993 Subaru Legacy Touring Bruce, named for Bruce Willis, who lent himself to a Japanese market advertising campaign and sang in commercials, singing the song "A House of Gold" by Kenny Rankin. Willis also appeared in the Japanese market Subaru Legacy sales brochure for both the sedan and wagon, wearing a linen suit in both brochures. Here is a small collection of commercials with Bruce Willis as the spokesman [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pZzpMPqF74&feature=related] Singers Jennifer Lopez and Rod Stewart have both filmed TV commercials for the Japanese market and actor Mel Gibson sang in a commercial for the second generation with two songs "So Far Away" and "You Light Up My Life" by David Morgan. Rod did singing commercials for the second generation Legacy, singing "People Get Ready", "Tonight's the Night" and "Sailing". Jennifer also did singing commercials for the third generation, with the song "Ain't It Funny". Willis re-appeared in a commercial for the fourth generation model to celebrate the production of the 3 millionth Legacy in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20703013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703013" title="11th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Regiment">
11th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Regiment

The 11th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry was a regiment of infantry from New Jersey that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service.
The regiment was recruited in May 1862 at Camp Perrine, located near the New Jersey State Prison near Trenton. The regiment was led by Colonel Robert McAllister who had seen service as Lieutenant Colonel in the 1st New Jersey Volunteer Infantry.
The regiment left New Jersey for Washington on August 25. By mid-September the 11th remain in Washington at half strength due to a measles epidemic.
The 11th saw combat at the Battle of Fredericksburg, Virginia in December 1862.
The regiment also saw action at the following battles:
The regiment was mustered out June 6, 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="20703041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703041" title="Hardhead catfish">
Hardhead catfish

The hardhead catfish ("Ariopsis felis") is a saltwater species of sea catfish similar to the gafftopsail catfish. It is one of thirteen species in the genus "Ariopsis". The common name, hardhead catfish, is derived from the presence of a hard, bony plate extending rearward toward the dorsal fin from a line between the catfish's eyes. It is an elongate marine catfish that reaches 19.5 in. (49.5 cm) in length. The average weight is under 1 pound, but they may reach up to 3 pounds. They are often a dirty gray color on top, with white undersides. The world record hardhead catfish is 3 pounds and 5 ounces.
Habits, distribution, and characteristics.
Hardhead catfish are found mostly in the near shore waters of the Western Atlantic Ocean, around the southeast coast of the United States, around the Florida Keys and the coast of the Gulf of Mexico. Hardhead catfish are also found in brackish estuaries and river mouths where the bottom is sandy or muddy. It tends to move from shallower to deeper waters in the winter months.
The hardhead catfish has four barbels under the chin, with two more at the corners of the mouth. These barbels help the catfish find crabs, fish and shrimp in the muddy bays where they live. The dorsal and pectoral fins each are supported by a sharp, slime-covered barbed spine. The dorsal spine is normally erect when the fish is excited and a tennis shoe or even a leather-soled shoe offers little protection. The gafftopsail catfish looks similar to the hardhead catfish, but its dorsal spine has a distinctive fleshy extension (like the fore-and-aft topsail of a ship).
Feeding Behavior.
"Ariopsis felis" consumes a wide range of food. Hardhead catfish are opportunistic consumers that use mud and sand flats as hunting grounds. They are also mainly secondary consumers, ingesting primarily detritus, meio-, and macrobenthic fauna and fish. Their diet primarily consists of algae, seagrasses, cnidarians, sea cucumbers, gastropods, polychaetes, shrimps, and crabs. They can occasionally be tertiary consumers. Their diet depends on their size and location. Younger hardhead catfish tend to eat small crustaceans, like amphipods, shrimp, blue crabs, mollusks, and annelids. Juveniles that are still under the protection of the male mouthbrooder will feed predominately on planktonic crustaceans close by to the mouth of the parent. The adults primarily consume larger fish.
Locomotion.
Significant evidence suggests shows correlation between the fish's activity patterns and seasonal changes. Under controlled conditions of photoperiod, temperature, and water quality, hardhead catfish display non-random oscillations in angular orientation of locomotive activity. There appears to be annual, bimodal cycles for all three of the aforementioned variables. The cycles match with the seasonal inshore-offshore migrations of hardhead catfish. Photoperiod appears to be the exogenous cue that triggers the cyclic changes in behavior. The presence of this seasonal behavior indicates that there may exist a circadian neural mechanism in hardhead catfish.
Communication.
Chemical.
Studies show that hardhead catfish respond to chemicals released by injured individuals with increased activity, illustrating communication amongst catfish. Their activity level was highest right after the onset of the chemical stimulus. In the studies, they also responded to chemical cues from injured sailfin mollies, but this response was weaker than that of the response from their own species. After examining the epidermis of the hardhead catfish, it appeared that the alarm substance cells were similar to those of freshwater catfish. Prior to this study, these chemical responses had only been seen in freshwater ostariophysans. Hardhead catfish are the first marine ostariophysans to elicit this type of alarm reaction.
Echolocation.
Furthermore, hardhead catfish are the first indicator that steichthyes possibly could use directional hearing to detect obstacles. Through observation, researchers noted that emissions of low-frequency sounds were related to the detection and avoidance of close by obstacles. Individuals within the group who produced sound avoided obstacles, whereas silent individuals crashed into obstacles frequently. Many fish have been associated with sound production for alarm, territorial, and courtship purposes, but sound probing of surroundings seems to be only be seen in hardhead catfish. So far, there is no evidence for far-field echolocation, such as seen in bats or toothed whales. The signal parameters have low frequency and amplitude, so it is unlikely that far-field reverberations would be useful. If echolocation exists, it is likely only useful in the near field by the catfish.
Sound production.
There is some evidence that sound production in hardhead catfish is differentiated both mechanistically and contextually. Mechanistically, sound can be produced in a different ways. There are thin bones by the swim bladder that can be vibrated by specialized sonic muscles. Also, grinding of the pharyngeal teeth and rubbing of the pectoral spines against the pectoral girdle can produce sound. These two mechanisms appear to be evolved fright responses by the hardhead catfish. Some argue that hardhead catfish use an unrefined form of sonar as a means of echolocation, which also implies some directional hearing ability. It is possible, but insofar unproven, that sound is used in courtship and spawning.
Life Cycle and reproduction.
The hardhead catfish has a reproductive season from around May to September. Males and females reach sexual maturity before age 2. Females at maturity are around 12.6-26.5 centimeters, and males are slightly larger, averaging around 25 centimeters. At maturity, females develop flap-like fatty tissue by their pelvic fins, which results in them having larger pelvic fins than males. It has been suggested that these enhanced pelvic fins are the site of fertilization and that they play a part in moving the fertilized eggs to the male mouthbrooder for incubation. Another possibility is that males pick up eggs from depressions in the sand, as eggs tend to be demersal.
Parental Care.
Mouthbrooding.
Like other members of the family Ariidae, hardhead catfish are paternal mouthbrooders. After spawning, the male will carry the eggs in his mouth until they hatch. There are several non-functioning eggs within the brood that attach to the larger, viable eggs. It has been speculated that these non-functioning eggs are used as food for the male mouthbrooder, since mouthbrooders do not feed while they are taking care of the brood. . Oral incubations continue through the yolk-sac larval state, for a total length of approximately 8–11 weeks. Under laboratory conditions, offspring can hatch in roughly 30 days. The offspring are roughly 6-8 centimeters long and slowly adapt to adult behavior, such as opportunistic bottom-feeding and scavenging. At absorption of the yolk sac, juveniles begin to show adult characteristics. The parental male can choose to carry the young after they have hatched until they are larger and capable of surviving on their own.
Advantages.
There are many advantages to mouthbrooding as opposed to other forms of parental care, such as bubblenesting. Mouthbreeders are able to freely move with the eggs in their mouth, and thus, can move as necessary to protect both himself and the brood. Even though mouthbrooding requires more energy by the male, there is also a greater chance of his young surviving to adulthood, and therefore, reproducing and continuing his genes; the eggs are not defenseless while in their father’s mouth. Mouthbrooding by males counters the relatively low fecundity of females, who only have 20-65 eggs per spawning episode. Finally, through breathing, the male is able to keep the brood well oxygenated, which also increases brood survival.
Fishing.
Hardhead catfish are voracious feeders and will bite on almost any natural bait. Hardhead catfish are also known to steal bait. Shrimp is a particularly effective bait to use. When fishing for this species in fresh water, assorted meats tend to work best as bait. For example: bacon, chicken, cuts of steak, and smaller fish. Hardhead catfish are generally regarded as an undesirable catch by most anglers, this may be largely due to the risk associated with handling the venomous fish as well as its 'fishy' taste as opposed to desirable game fish. A size 1 hook is usually effective for catching this fish. Anglers commonly use lightweight tackle if they are fishing specifically for this species, but many others use heavyweight tackle because the hardhead catfish seems to bite equally well on both. Care must be taken in handling hardhead catfish because the slime on their spines is mildly poisonous. If the skin is punctured, pain and swelling will ensue, and infection may set in. The spine is barbed, which makes withdrawal an even more unpleasant process.
Hardhead catfish are edible but, like all catfish, require some effort to clean. It is one of the thirty most recreationally harvested species in the 5-county area (Volusia, Brevard, Indian River, St. Lucie, Martin) encompassing the Indian River Lagoon (IRL)in central Florida. From 1997-2001, 361,022 hardhead catfish were harvested within 200 miles of the shore in the IRL region.
Hardhead are also harvested for industrial purposes in commercial bottom trawling operations. Annual harvests vary greatly, but from 1987–2001, 1.04 million pounds of marine catfishes (including both the hardhead catfish and the gafftopsail catfish) were harvested in the IRL region. The harvest was valued at $777,497.
Weight and Length.
Hardhead catfish weigh on average one pound and measure ten to twelve inches long.
As hardhead catfish grow longer, they increase in weight. The relationship between length and weight is not linear. The relationship between total length (L, in inches) and total weight (W, in pounds) for nearly all species of fish can be expressed by an equation of the form:
Invariably, b is close to 3.0 for all species, and c is a constant that varies among species. 
The relationship described in this section suggests that a 20-inch hardhead catfish will weigh about 3 pounds, while a 25-inch hardhead catfish will likely weigh at least 6 pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20703068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703068" title="Wicklow RFC">
Wicklow RFC

Wicklow RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Wicklow, Leinster. They play in Division One of the Leinster League.
Apart from the First XV (Junior 1), the club also fields a Second XV (Junior 2), Third XV (Anderson Cup), U19, U17, U15, U14, U13, girls U19, girls U16 sides and a mini-rugby section.

</doc>
<doc id="20703090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703090" title="CBCU">
CBCU

CBCU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20703095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703095" title="Zamor">
Zamor

Zamor (christened Louis-Benoit) (b. 1762? - d. 7 February 1820) was a French revolutionary of Bengali origin, who, as a boy of eleven, was taken from Chittagong by slave traders. Later he was educated by Countess du Barry and became her servant, but he betrayed her to the Committee of Public Safety. He participated in the French Revolution and was imprisoned by the Girondins. 
Early life and upbringing.
Zamor was born in the town of Chittagong in the state of Bengal. In 1773, when he was eleven years old, he was captured by English slave traders, who trafficked him into France via Madagascar and sold him to Louis XV of France. The King gave the young boy to his mistress, Countess du Barry, and he was christened Louis-Benoit. The Countess developed a liking for the boy and educated him. Zamor developed a taste for literature and was inspired by the works of Rousseau. Till her death, the Countess was under the wrong impression that Zamor was African. 
Records of the period suggest that Zamor may have been extremely mischievous as a child. She noted in her memoirs:
Role in the French Revolution.
When the French Revolution broke out, Zamor took the side of the revolutionaries and joined the Jacobins. He began to detest Countess du Barry and deplored her lavish lifestyle. He also protested her repeated visits to England with the intention of retrieving her lost jewellery and warned her against protecting aristocrats. Using his influential position in the Committee of Public Safety, Zamor got the police to arrest the Countess in 1792, on her return from one of her many visits to England. The Countess, however, secured her release from jail and found out that the arrest was the handiwork of her page. She promptly dismissed Zamor from her service. Infuriated, Zamor became more vocal and open in his support to the Revolution. He brought further charges against the Countess, which eventually led to her arrest, trial and execution by guillotine. At the trial, Zamor gave Chittagong as his birthplace.
Imprisonment.
Soon after the execution of the Countess, Zamor himself was arrested by the Girondins on suspicion of being an accomplice of the Countess and a Jacobin. He was tried and imprisoned, but was able to secure his release. He then fled from France, reappearing only in 1815 after the fall of Napoleon. Zamor bought a house in Rue Maître-Albert near the Latin Quarter of Paris and spent a few years as a schoolteacher.
Death.
Zamor died in poverty on 7 February 1820 and was buried in Paris. His funeral reportedly had a very small attendance.
In popular culture.
A two-page comic strip "La Rue perdue" (The Lost Street) was published in 1978, featuring Gil Jourdan, a detective created by Maurice Tillieux. Set in 1953, it has Jourdan trying to find out why a fake guillotine blade is hanging outside the door of a black African friend. The person responsible turns out to be a man obsessed with Madame du Barry and taking his anger at her death out on Jourdan's friend, who looks like Zamor. The action is set in Rue Maître Albert, where Zamor lived before his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20703146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703146" title="Carl Friedrich Kotschy">
Carl Friedrich Kotschy

Carl Friedrich Kotschy (, 26 January 1789 - 9 February 1856) was an Austrian Protestant theologian and botanist born in Teschen (today Cieszyn, Poland). He was the father of botanist Theodor Kotschy (1813-1866).
From 1807 to 1810 he studied theology and botany at the University of Leipzig, and afterwards travelled through France and Switzerland. In Switzerland he met with renowned educator Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi (1746-1827). 
From 1810 until his death he worked as a minister in Ustroń, a predominately Polish-speaking town in the Cieszyn Silesian region of Austria. Here he translated Czech and German language works into Polish, and penned instructional books in Polish for elementary schools. He was also the author of several religious works, including a revision of the Lutheran catechism (1833) and a book of Biblical stories (1844).
As a botanist, he performed studies of local flora, especially vegetation native to the Silesian Beskids. He specialized in the field of pomology, publishing in 1844 a book on fruit orchards.
He was 1848/49 also Member of the Frankfurt Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20703223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703223" title="Mortlake Crematorium">
Mortlake Crematorium

Mortlake Crematorium is a crematorium in Kew, near its boundary with Mortlake, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
It serves the boroughs of Ealing, Hammersmith & Fulham, Hounslow and Richmond upon Thames in the west and south-west of London. It is managed by a board made up of three elected councillors from each of these four boroughs.
Citing it as "a rare example" of Art Deco design in the borough, Richmond upon Thames Council has described it as "a building of exceptional quality and character". Environmentalist Colin Hines describes it as "probably the most undiscovered deco treasure in London". The building was awarded Grade II listing by English Heritage in 2011.
Location.
The crematorium is on Kew Meadow Path, Townsmead Road, Kew. It is situated on the banks of the River Thames by Chiswick Bridge and in Clifford Avenue, adjoining Hammersmith New Cemetery in the angle of Mortlake Road (which forms part of the South Circular Road) and Chertsey Arterial Road. The nearest London Underground station is Kew Gardens.
History.
Mortlake Crematorium was built on the site of Pink's Farm, which had belonged to Richard Atwood, whose family were prominent market gardeners in the area.
It was licensed in 1936 under the "Mortlake Crematorium Act 1936", thereby becoming the first to be established
under its own Act of Parliament. Designed by Douglas Barton, borough surveyor to Hammersmith Metropolitan Borough Council, the building was constructed in three years at a cost of £27,000. It was also equipped with a Garden of Remembrance for the burial or scattering of ashes, and also offered panels and niches in which ashes could be deposited. When the facility was finally opened in January 1939 by Lord Horder, the then Physician to the King, he said: "You seem to have eliminated the sombreness of atmosphere which sometimes shrouds buildings such as these". Mortlake Crematorium's outward appearance changed little over the following years until 1982, when Colin Gilbert, an architect from Ealing, designed additional gardens on the area of land between the crematorium and the river Thames.
Cremations.
Among those cremated here were:
Seventy-seven Commonwealth servicemen of World War II were cremated here and their names are listed on a screen wall memorial erected by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission in the adjoining Hammersmith New Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20703255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703255" title="Trophy Wife (disambiguation)">
Trophy Wife (disambiguation)

Trophy wife is a term commonly used to describe any wife who is considered a status symbol. The term may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20703270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703270" title="The Deceivers (Aiello novel)">
The Deceivers (Aiello novel)

The Deceivers is a crime novel by the American writer Robert Aiello set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the story of Grant Montgomery, a retired mentalist who helps police solve the murder of a psychic scam artist. When he uncovers a national crime network, a ruthless public official targets him.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20703286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703286" title="One School at a Time">
One School at a Time

One School At A Time (OSAAT) is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to helping rebuild infrastructure of underprivileged, rural schools in India. A totally volunteer-run organization, OSAAT has no administrative costs, and utilizes 100% of donations to build a strong, safe and healthy learning environment for kids in rural India, by adopting one school at a time.
OSAAT's mission is to help the rural schools in India run in a safe and strong environment. OSAAT's objective is to pick one school at a time and achieve optimal results in terms of the results being scalable, measurable, achievable, manageable and sustainable.

</doc>
<doc id="20703292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703292" title="Al-Wathbah uprising">
Al-Wathbah uprising

Al-Wathbah uprising () or simply Al-Wathbah (), which means The Leap in Arabic, was the term that came to be used for the urban unrest in Baghdad in January 1948. The protests were sparked by the monarchy’s plans to renew the 1930 Anglo-Iraqi Treaty that effectively made Iraq a British protectorate. Nuri al-Said, the Prime Minister of Iraq, was planning on renewing, albeit in a revised form, this 1930 treaty that tied Iraq to British interests, allowed for the unrestricted movement of British troops on Iraqi soil, and provided significant protection to the British-installed Iraqi monarchy.
History.
In 1947, the Iraqi monarchy entered into secret negotiations with the British government. The various political parties in Iraq were not informed of the negotiations and instead, heard about them on the radio or read about them in the newspapers the following day. Although the news on the treaty sparked the al-Wathbah protests, it soon became clear that there were elements of unrest that went beyond the opposition to the treaty. The participants in the demonstrations included workers, students, and the urban poor, living in the outskirts of Baghdad. Many of the protests were orchestrated by the Iraqi Communist Party. The al-Wathbah “sprang from the same conditions of existence that had since the first years of the forties been making for the advance of communism.” The rigid boundaries of class in Iraqi society, widespread poverty in the urban centers, a growing student population, all these factors contributed to the events of January 1948. In addition the purchasing power of workers was at a historic low, thus contributing to growing frustrations among salaried workers.
Time Line.
January, 1948.
On January 3, the Iraqi foreign minister, Fāḍil al-Jamālī, was reported to have said that the Iraqi people were “sensitive to the merits” of the 1930 Anglo-Iraqi treaty.
That night, The Independence Party held a secret meeting in its headquarters. They planned a public protest against the government. They understodd that they may have to use force against the police.
On the January 4, students from al-Karkh and Al Adhamiya secondary schools joined up to protest the statements of al-Jamālī. They marched toward the School of Law, with the intent on continuing on toward the Royal Palace. When they arrived in the vicinity of the School of Law, police attempted to break up the protest. Students from the School of Law left their classrooms to join the protest (548). The police used clubs and fired shots to disperse the protest. Many students were wounded and thirty-nine were arrested (Six of whom were members of the Iraqi Communist Party or the related party The National Liberation Party), and the School of Law was closed down.
On January 6, students from all colleges went on strike.
On January 8, the authorities released the arrested students. The strike ceased.
On January 16, it was announced that the Iraqi government had signed a treaty in Portsmouth, effectively renewing its alliance with Britain. At the announcement of the treaty a three-day strike of college students began during which they protested in the streets.
On January 16-16, there were large-scale student protests. Although the protests were somewhat spontaneous in nature, they coalesced through the organizing of several political organizations: The communist “Student Cooperation Committee,” the Progressive Democrats, the Populists, the Kurdish Democrats, and the student wings of the National Democratic Party and the Independence Party.
On January 20 there was a large-scale student march. For the first time since the beginning of the unrest, other social groups joined the students: The Schalchiyyah workers and the poor shantytown dwelling migrants from South-Eastern Iraq known as the Shargāwiyyīn. The police responded by firing directly at the demonstrators. The demonstrators, however, did not disperse.
On January 21, the demonstrations escalated. The police fired on students who were transporting those who had been killed the day before. Members of the faculty at the School of pharmacy and medicine resigned from their posts. Protests spread in the streets including non-students and many Communists. “An atmosphere redolent of social revolution enveloped Baghdad.”
That night, the king of Iraq annulled the treaty. The king’s disavowal of the treaty split the opposition in two camps: those, like the Independence Party and the National Democrats called on a cease of protests. The Communists called on protesters to continue, seeing that they were close to overthrowing the government.
On January 23, new demonstrations convened, combining students, members of the Independence Party, workers, and Scuffles broke out between members of the Independence party and Communists.
On January 26, Jabr and Nūri returned to Baghdad from London. In a radio address that very night, Jabr asked that the people remain calm and stated that details of the treaty would soon be provided. Immediately, a great number of people went out on the streets. Many reported hearing machine-gun fire in the night.
January 27: In the morning the Central Committee of the Communist Party released and distributed a manifesto that called for continued protests. It claimed that imperialists had infiltrated the demonstrations and acted in such a way as to justify the government’s violent intervention. The manifesto called on the protesters to continue their struggle until the government was toppled and a democratic government established in its wake.
Students and workers, coming from the popular areas of Baghdad, gathered to protest. A large group attempted to cross the bridge into West Baghdad where they would meet with students and the Schalchiyyah rail workers. In Al-Rasafa, the police opened fire on a group of Communists, killing four. Despite their losses, they kept marching forward and arriving in Amīn square, they were stopped by new police reinforcement. On the other side of the river, new clashed broke out between protesters. They moved onto the Ma’mūn Bridge and the police fired directly onto the crowd with machine-guns, killing scores. Many fell into the river. Meanwhile demonstrations in Amīn square escalated and again, police fired directly onto the crowds. While the demonstrators regrouped in various locations, the police withdrew.
It is estimated that 300 – 400 demonstrators had been killed.
Aftermath.
On the evening of January 26, Salih Jabr fled to England. The king asked a Shi’ī religious scholar who had been involved in the 1920 uprisings with forming a new government.
The Iraqi government looked to blame foreign agitators for the January uprisings. They looked at the Saudi support of the Independence Party and the Soviet links to the Communist party. They claimed that the Communist party received major donations from Jewish communists. However, records indicate that the Communist party spent very little money in January 1948, supporting the idea that the demonstrations were spontaneous and enjoyed large-scale popular support.
The al-Wathbah uprising strengthened the Communist party. However, the new recruits were not trained and Fahd and 125 other senior communists were in the prison of Kut. The Communist Party more or fused ideologically with the National Liberation Party and literally with the National Revolutionary Committee.
After the al-Wathbah the Communist party’s ideology was radicalized. One of the major questions that came to the fore was whether the party should cooperate strategically with the national bourgeoisie against the monarchy.
However, the spring of 1948 offered a number of protests and strikes.
In May, the demonstrations were ended by the government’s declaration of martial law, following the outbreak of war in Palestine.
Although many different factions came together for the al-Wathbah, and the Liberal and National Democrats cooperated with the Communist party, there was no further collaboration on their respective opposition to the monarchy. By the end of 1948, the Communist party was in shambles, many of its leaders in prison. It was ideologically discredited after it had followed the Soviet line of accepting the partition of Palestine and the establishment of Israel in the summer.
However, another effect of the al-Wathbah was that “the opposition parties responsible for organizing the demonstrations were discovering new, immediate forms of power, denied to them both by their small numbers and by the rigging of the parliamentary system. The al-Wathbah uprising helped pave the way for the 1958 overthrow of the monarchy, The 14 July Revolution and the creation of a republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20703341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703341" title="Judo at the 1967 Summer Universiade">
Judo at the 1967 Summer Universiade

The Judo competition in the 1967 Summer Universiade were held in Tokyo, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20703364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703364" title="Ollie Beard">
Ollie Beard

Oliver Perry Beard (May 2, 1862 – May 28, 1929) was an American Major League Baseball player who played shortstop for the Cincinnati Red Stockings/Reds from 1889 to 1890. He then played third base for the Louisville Colonels in 1891. Born in Lexington, Kentucky, it is claimed that his family invented the Kentucky version of the food, "Burgoo". In his three year career, he led the American Association in games played with 141 in 1889, and twice finished in the top five in the league in triples. He finished his career with 331 games played, a .270 batting average, 195 runs scored, 34 doubles, 34 triples, and four home runs. He died at the age of 67 in Cincinnati, Ohio, and was cremated.

</doc>
<doc id="20703466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703466" title="Champmol">
Champmol

The Chartreuse de Champmol, formally the "Chartreuse de la Sainte-Trinité de Champmol", was a Carthusian monastery on the outskirts of Dijon, which is now in France, but in the 15th century was the capital of the Duchy of Burgundy. The monastery was founded in 1383 by Duke Philip the Bold to provide a dynastic burial place for the Valois Dukes of Burgundy, and operated until it was dissolved in 1791, during the French Revolution. Called "the grandest project in a reign renowned for extravagance", it was lavishly enriched with works of art, and the dispersed remnants of its collection remain key to the understanding of the art of the period.
Founding.
Purchase of the land and quarrying of materials began in 1377, but construction did not begin until 1383, under the architect Druet de Dammartin from Paris, who had previously designed the Duke's chateau at Sluis, and been an assistant in work at the Louvre. According to James Snyder his work at Champmol was "a somewhat conservative modification of the Late Gothic buildings of Paris". A committee of councillors from Dijon supervised the construction for the Duke, who was often elsewhere. By 1388 the church was consecrated, and most construction probably completed. The monastery was built for twenty-four choir monks, instead of the usual twelve in a Carthusian house, and two more were endowed to celebrate the birth in 1433 of Charles the Bold. These lived semi-hermitic lives in their individual small houses when not in the chapel. There would also have been non-ordained monks, servants, novices, and other workers. 
When founded, Champmol was "two arrow shots" outside the city gates, but is now inside the modern city boundaries. At this time the city had about 10,000 inhabitants and was the largest in Burgundy proper, though smaller than the cities of the territories in the Netherlands recently inherited by the Duke through his wife. But Burgundy was held more securely than the often turbulent cities in the north, and represented the senior title of the dynasty. Over sixty members of the Capetian House of Burgundy, whom the Valois had succeeded in 1361, only two decades earlier, had been buried at Cîteaux Abbey to the south of Dijon. Champmol was intended to rival Cîteaux, Saint-Denis, where the Kings of France were buried, and other dynastic burial places. 
Somewhat in contradiction to the Carthusian mission of tranquil contemplation, visitors and pilgrims were encouraged, the expenses of hospitality recompensed by the Dukes. In 1418 Papal indulgences were granted to those visiting the Well of Moses, further encouraging pilgrims. The ducal family had a private oratory overlooking the church (now destroyed), though their visits were in fact rare. The ducal accounts, which have fortunately survived, show major commissions for paintings and other works to complete the monastery continuing until about 1415, and further works were added after that at a slower rate by the Dukes and other donors.
The accounts for Champmol have survived in sufficient detail that Martin Warnke synthesized from them a view of the emerging status of court artists, and "the autonomous consciousness of art and artists" that would distinguish the world of art in the Early modern period.
Tombs of the Dukes.
The Valois dynasty of Burgundy had less than a century to run when the monastery was founded, and the number of tombs never approached that of their Capetian predecessors at Cîteaux - indeed there would hardly have been room in the choir of the church, where the monuments were. Only two monuments were ever erected, both in the same style with painted alabaster effigies with lions at their feet and angels with spread wings at their heads. Underneath the slab the effigies rested on, unpainted small (about 40 cm high) "pleurants" or mourners ("weepers" is the traditional English term) were set among Gothic tracery. These were described by Johan Huizinga in "The Waning of the Middle Ages" as "the most profound expression of mourning known in art, a funeral march in stone". 
Philip the Bold died in 1404, and his wife Margaret III, Countess of Flanders the following year. She had decided to rest her remains with those of her parents in Lille, and Philip had been planning a single monument for himself for over twenty years, having commissioned Jean de Marville in 1381. Work did not begin until 1384, and proceeded slowly, with Claus Sluter being put in charge in 1389. At the Duke's death in 1404, only two mourners and the framework were complete; John the Fearless gave Sluter four years to finish the job, but he died after two. His nephew and assistant, Claus de Werve took over and finished the sculptures in 1410. The effigies were painted by Malouel.
John expressed a wish for his own tomb, this time a double one with his Duchess Margaret of Bavaria, to resemble that of his father, but nothing was done, even after his death in 1419, until 1435, and in 1439 de Werve died without having managed to find suitable alabaster. In 1443 a Spaniard, Jean de La Huerta, was contracted, and sent drawings for the effigies. He completed most elements, but not the effigies, before leaving Dijon in 1456. Yet another master was brought in, and the monument finally installed in 1470, by which time Philip the Good was himself dead. He seems to have made no provision for a monument for himself, and had initially been buried in Bruges, where he died. His son Charles the Bold had the remains brought back to Champmol after some years, but no monument was ever planned. Charles himself was relocated from Nancy to Bruges by his great-grandson Charles V in 1558.
The second tomb repeats the design of the first, but with their execution spanning almost a century, stylistic differences can be seen, although some of the "pleurants" of the second tomb copy those of the first exactly. It is recorded that Philip the Good had a portrait of himself placed in the choir, where there were already those of the previous two Dukes. None of these are believed to have survived in the original, but surviving portraits may be copies of them.
After the Revolution, and the sale of the monastery, the tombs were carefully moved to Dijon Cathedral in 1792, as their historic importance was recognised. But in the following year the cathedral was converted into a Temple of Reason and the effigies were vandalised, so that what are now seen are reconstructions. Many elements, including ten "pleurants", were removed by genteel looters.
Works of art from Champmol.
Champmol was designed as a showpiece, and the artistic contents, now dispersed, represent much of the finest monumental work, as opposed to illuminated manuscripts, of French and Burgundian art of the period. Without the works that remained at Champmol until the 18th century, Claus Sluter, Jacques de Baerze, Melchior Broederlam, Henri Bellechose, Jean Malouel, and Jean de Beaumetz would remain only names known from documentary records.
Still at Champmol.
There are very important sculptures by Claus Sluter and his workshop on the church portal, including kneeling figures of Philip and his Duchess. The lower parts of the Well of Moses ("Puits de Moise") survive, including six life-size figures of the Old Testament prophets who foretold the Messiah, most of the rest having been destroyed, apparently more by weathering than the Revolution.
In Dijon museums.
Most items are in the Musée des Beaux-Arts, including its site in the former palace of the Dukes. The fragments from the Well of Moses and other similar pieces are in the Archaeological Museum. The following are only the main works in Dijon:
Later history.
After the death in 1477 of Charles the Bold, Burgundy proper was recovered by force by France; the Kings, still descended from the Dukes via the Habsburgs and other routes, continued to support and occasionally visit the monastery. There was slight damage in the siege of Dijon in 1513 and in the French Wars of Religion, but essentially the monastery remained in its 15th-century state until it was decided to update it in the 1770s. The altarpieces of Saints Denis and George had been replaced by new paintings by Charles-André van Loo in 1741; both the new paintings are now in the Dijon museum. Remodelling in the 1770s involved the destruction of some medieval parts, but greater destruction followed the French Revolution. The monastery was suppressed in 1791, and on May 4, five days after the monks departed, the buildings and land were bought by Emmanuel Crétet (1747–1808), later to be Minister of the Interior under Napoleon with the title Comte de Champmol. He destroyed large parts of the buildings and the church. In 1833 the estate was bought by the local département as a mental asylum, and many new buildings erected.
Today the buildings house a psychiatric hospital, and "aller à la chartreuse" is a local phrase for developing a mental disorder. The Sluter sculptures can be seen by visitors, and many of the contents are in the Dijon museum, with the tombs and carved retables housed in the former Palace of the Dukes.

</doc>
<doc id="20703471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703471" title="1982 Amateur World Series">
1982 Amateur World Series

The 1982 Amateur World Series (predecessor of the Baseball World Cup) was held in South Korea from September 4 to September 14.
Awards.
The IBAF announced the following awards at the completion of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20703482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703482" title="Living the Dream (film)">
Living the Dream (film)

Living the Dream is a 2006 comedy-drama film starring Sean Young, Christian Schoyen, and Danny Trejo. It was written by Christian Schoyen and Luis Fernandez Reneo from a story by Christian Schoyen and directed by Christian Schoyen and Allan Fiterman. It was produced by Allan Fiterman, Christian Schoyen and Christin Tellefsen. The production company was Rover Films.
The "Los Angeles Times" review said; "It's downright misanthropic ...farcical drama with the most hostile cinematic view of Los Angeles since "Crash". There is undeniable heart in "Living the Dream", with its implicit criticism of mercenary values".
Plot.
"Living the Dream" is a story about two friends, Brenda (Sean Young) and Jonathan (Christian Schoyen), who after being bullied as children become corrupt when growing up because they have been conditioned to believe that they need to achieve materialistic success to be 'accepted' and liked by others.

</doc>
<doc id="20703545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703545" title="Jürgen Kauz">
Jürgen Kauz

Jürgen Kauz (born August 23, 1974) is an Austrian football player currently playing for FC Mäder.

</doc>
<doc id="20703567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703567" title="Shadow in the Mirror">
Shadow in the Mirror

Shadow in the Mirror is a crime novel by the American writer Robert Aiello set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The story opens when an identical twin⎯a flame from Grant Montgomery’s past⎯reenters his life, and he is soon implicated in the murder of the twins’ father, an old friend and mentor. Montgomery, the mentalist, must uncover a secret to reveal the murderer, but he is threatened by a beautiful psychopath who wants his love or his demise and a sadistic criminal with a score to settle.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20703568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703568" title="List of Scottish Cup finals">
List of Scottish Cup finals

The Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the Scottish Cup, is a knockout cup competition in Scottish football. Organised by the Scottish Football Association, it is the third oldest existing football competition in the world, having commenced in the 1873–74 season just two years after the first FA Cup. The winners are awarded the world's oldest trophy, minted in 1885.
Celtic hold the record for most wins with 36 and the most final appearances with 54, Rangers are second with 33 wins and 51 appearances. Celtic are also the current holders having beaten Hibernian 3-0 in the 2013 Final.
History.
At the time of the cup's first season Queen's Park were by far the dominant force in Scottish football, and no other team had even managed to score a goal against them until 1875, eight years after their formation. This early dominance meant they were invited into the first FA Cup season and in season 1883–84 they came close to a cup double, winning the Scottish Cup but losing the FA Cup Final to Blackburn Rovers. They again met Blackburn Rovers in the following season's Final but were defeated once again. Other Scottish teams competed in the FA Cup such as Partick Thistle and 3rd Lanark RV and continued to compete until 1887, when the Scottish Football Association banned its members from taking any further part in the "English Cup". By the time the Scottish Football League was founded in the 1890–91 season Queen's Park had been eclipsed by many of the league clubs, they finally agreed to enter the competition in the 1900–01 season, they finished seventh in their first season. Their demise was reflected in their Scottish Cup results, although they reached 4 Finals after the foundation of the league they could only win one and their 1893 success was their last, reaching only one more final in 1900. Dumbarton filled the void left by Queen's Park for a time but like all Scottish football competitions the Scottish Cup would come to be dominated by the Old Firm of Celtic and Rangers.
In 1909 the cup was withheld by the SFA after a riot broke out following a replay between Rangers and Celtic. The first match was drawn 2–2 and the second 1–1.
The cup was not competed for between 1914 and 1919 due to World War I. World War II prevented competition between 1939 and 1945 although the Scottish War Emergency Cup was held in the 1939–40 season.
Results.
A draw in the final used to result in the match being replayed at a later date. Since the 1981 Final, however, the result has always been decided on the day, with a penalty shootout if required after extra time.
Performance by club.
Note: The 1909 Scottish Cup Final between Rangers and Celtic is not included in this tally.

</doc>
<doc id="20703573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703573" title="Vermont Route 243">
Vermont Route 243

Vermont Route 243 is a long state highway located within the village of North Troy in Orleans County, Vermont, United States. The route runs from VT 105 in the village center to the Canada – United States border at Potton, where the road continues into Quebec past the North Troy-Highwater Border Crossing as Route 243.
Route description.
VT 243 begins at an intersection with VT 105 (Highland Avenue / North Pleasant Street) in the village of North Troy. A northern continuation of Highland Avenue, VT 243 runs northeast along Elm Street along the western end of North Troy as a main residential street. The route curved northeast a little further after Main Street, the route runs along Elm for another block, reaching Railroad Street. At Railroad Street, VT 243 turns west and parallels the eponymous railway, crossing nearby Dominion Avenue, which dead-ends short of the Canada – United States border. The route bends northwest after Dominion, passing between the railroad and some homes in North Troy. VT 243 soon crosses through dense woods outside of downtown North Troy, reaching the North Troy-Highwater Border Crossing United States Customs station. After the station, whose headquarters are on the southbound side of the highway, VT 243 crosses the Quebec provincial line, becoming Route 243 (Route de Mansonville) on the opposite side.

</doc>
<doc id="20703585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703585" title="Judo at the 1985 Summer Universiade">
Judo at the 1985 Summer Universiade

The Judo competition in the 1985 Summer Universiade were held in Kobe, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20703617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703617" title="Brunia">
Brunia

Brunia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20703623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703623" title="Josh Pearce">
Josh Pearce

Joshua Ray Pearce (born August 20, 1977, in Yakima, Washington) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the St. Louis Cardinals from to .
Pearce was drafted by the New York Mets out of West Valley High School in Yakima, Washington in the 1996 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign. Instead, he attended Portland State University (1998), the University of Arizona and was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2nd round of the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft. Though not dominant in the minors, he steadily worked his way up the ranks and made his major league debut on April 20, 2002; he pitched 4.2 innings and gave up 3 earned runs, getting a no-decision. In , Pearce pitched in relief for Triple-A Memphis and had a 3.56 ERA in 26 games. In , his last professional season, he pitched for Double-A Springfield and Memphis.

</doc>
<doc id="20703637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703637" title="FGV Direito Rio">
FGV Direito Rio

The FGV Direito Rio ("Fundação Getúlio Vargas Rio de Janeiro Law School") is a Brazilian private law higher education founded in 2002 in Rio de Janeiro by the Fundação Getúlio Vargas. The undergraduate program has been approved by the Brazilian Bar (the OAB examination) and by the Brazilian Ministry of Education, with maximum grades in every aspect. It has recently been ranked as the top Law School in Brazil, obtaining the highest national score in the Brazilian Bar Examination, first private Brazilian university to ever achieve that position.
Specialization Cycle.
The Specialization Cycle allows concentrating studies in either of two proposed areas: Business Law, Public Defense and the Judiciary.
Business Law.
This program is oriented towards Business Law. Subjects address current topics relevant to the corporate world, such as Advanced Corporate Law.
Public Defense and the Judiciary.
This specialization program provides students with education to dedicate themselves to the various public legal careers: the Judiciary, Prosecution, Public Defense, the Attorney General's office, and the Third Sector.
The program also emphasizes subjects that shed light on the operation of public authorities and the specific action of public legal careers, such as public legal institutions, and state and federal judiciary structure.
Internship opportunities.
FGV Direito Rio has standing internship agreements with law firms in Rio de Janeiro, corporations, and public authorities — the Court of Justice and the State Prosecution, among others. Students will also have internship opportunities with projects developed by the school, such as the Technology and Society Center, a center of study of legal relationships involving intellectual property and technology, and the Justice and Society Center, whose activities involve collaboration to modernize and appreciate the Judiciary and Public Defense professions.
FGV Law Online.
FGV Law Online programs are 30-hour courses spread over two months. Their method is based on practical case studies supported by substantial references, including doctrine, law and case law. Every program is acknowledge by the Brazilian Bar/Rio de Janeiro and, for Rio de Janeiro students, are equivalent to 25 hours' internship.
Technology and Society Center.
The Technology and Society Center (Centro de Tecnologia e Sociedade, CTS) develops studies and projects in the areas of intellectual property, free software, Internet governance, and privacy on the Internet, and provides research and consultancy services to public and private entities, as well as to the third sector.
CTS has been accepted as a permanent observer of the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).
Justice and Society Center.
The Justice and Society Center (Centro de Justiça e Sociedade, CJUS) has activities that are intended to collaborate with the modernization and appreciation of the judiciary and of public legal professions, to foster research and development of public legal careers and to contribute to the School's graduate programs.
In this sense, CJUS relies on support from several courts, from Brazilian Magistrates Association (AMB), the National Prosecutors Association (CONAMP), the National Public Defense Association (ANADEP) and private companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20703642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703642" title="Samantha (song)">
Samantha (song)

"Samantha" is an electropop song performed by Norwegian singer Margaret Berger. The song was written by Jukka Immonen, Berger and Patric Sarin for her second album "Pretty Scary Silver Fairy" (2006). It was released as the album's lead single on 19 June 2006.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Samantha". 
CD single
Digital download
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Samantha":

</doc>
<doc id="20703649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703649" title="Peter Atkinson (cricketer)">
Peter Atkinson (cricketer)

Peter Atkinson (born 14 December 1949) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Northumberland. He was born in Gainsborough.
Atkinson represented Worcestershire Second XI in the Second XI Championship between 1966 and 1968. Having taken a year out of the game, he played his first Minor Counties Championship game for Northumberland in 1970.
Atkinson made his only List A appearance for the team in the 1971 Gillette Cup, against Lincolnshire. Opening the batting for Northumberland, Atkinson failed to score.

</doc>
<doc id="20703650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703650" title="Ken Norton (cricketer)">
Ken Norton (cricketer)

Kenneth Norton (born 2 November 1932) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and left-arm slow bowler who played for Northumberland. He was born in Gateshead and educated at Gateshead Secondary School later called Gateshead Grammar School.
Norton played in the Minor Counties Championship for Northumberland between 1954 and 1980.
Norton appeared in three List A matches between 1971 and 1977. He did not bat in any of them, took one catch in the outfield, and bowled 18.4 overs in all, taking two wickets.
Norton's brother Don was a cricket umpire who stood in three List A matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20703651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703651" title="Harry Henderson (cricketer)">
Harry Henderson (cricketer)

Harry Henderson (September 23, 1923 — July 1997) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Northumberland. He was born in Northumberland and died in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Henderson, whose Minor Counties career for Northumberland stretched back 24 seasons, made his sole List A appearance at the age of 48, in 1971. He did not bat or bowl during the match, though he took one catch from behind the stumps.
Henderson continued to represent Northumberland until the end of the 1971 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20703663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703663" title="List of popes from the Medici family">
List of popes from the Medici family

The List of popes from the Medici family includes four men from the late-
15th century through the early-17th century.
History.
The Medici were a powerful and influential Florentine family from the 13th to 17th century. There were four popes who were related to the Medici and each other.

</doc>
<doc id="20703698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703698" title="Hydatina albocincta">
Hydatina albocincta

Hydatina albocincta, common name the White-banded bubble, is a species of sea snail or bubble snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplustridae.

</doc>
<doc id="20703707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703707" title="Sebastián Martínez">
Sebastián Martínez

Sebastián Martínez (born December 4, 1977 in Vienna) is an Austrian football player who currently plays for FC Magna Wiener Neustadt. He also holds Uruguayan citizenship. His father Alberto Ariel Martínez played for FK Austria Wien.

</doc>
<doc id="20703716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703716" title="Bruniaceae">
Bruniaceae

Bruniaceae is a family of shrubs native to the cape region of South Africa. They are mostly restricted to the Cape Province, but a small number of species occur in KwaZulu-Natal.
In the APG II taxonomy they are placed in the order Lamiales, but a 2008 study suggested that they are sister to the Columelliaceae, and the Angiosperm Phylogeny Website proposes incorporating this finding by placing both families in order Bruniales.
Genera.
There are twelve genera, totalling 75 species:

</doc>
<doc id="20703720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703720" title="Palompon Institute of Technology">
Palompon Institute of Technology

The Palompon Institute of Technology (PIT) is a state college in the Philippines. It is mandated to provide higher vocational, professional, and technical instruction and training in trade and industrial education and other vocational courses, professional courses, such as medicine, commerce, pharmacy, education, agriculture and dentistry, and to offer engineering courses. It is also mandated to promote research, advance studies and progressive leadership in the fields of trade, technical, industrial and technological education. Its main campus is in Palompon, Leyte.
The Palompon Institute of Technology is composed of many colleges such as the College of Education, College of Technology and Engineering, College of Arts and Science, College of Maritime Education and College of Advance Education. PIT is located along Evangelista Street in Palompon,leyte Province Philippines. PIT is a Leyte educational institution that specializes in the field of Maritime Sciences. it offers Maritime education, this college offers academic programs such as Bachelor of Science in Marine Engineering, Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering, Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering. Aside from these baccalaureate degrees,PIT also offers graduate academic programs that include Doctor of Philosophy Major in Educational Management, Master of Arts Major in Community Development, and Master of Technology Education. Furthermore, this educational institution also offers scholarships and grants to numerous intelligent students.

</doc>
<doc id="20703732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703732" title="Zeldin">
Zeldin

Zeldin is an eastern Ashkenazic matronymic surname derived from the combination of the Yiddish female personal name Zelde (from the Middle High German word "sælde" meaning either ‘fortunate’, ‘blessed’, or 'happiness'.) + the eastern Slavic possessive suffix "-in". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20703760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703760" title="George Willard House">
George Willard House

The George Willard House, also known as New Freedom Spring, is a Federal style house with Greek Revival details near Jefferson, Maryland. Built about 1818 for farmer and tanner George Willard, the house was altered by Willard's son after 1845 with Greek Revival remodeling.

</doc>
<doc id="20703761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703761" title="The Desperate Hours (Aiello novel)">
The Desperate Hours (Aiello novel)

The Desperate Hours is a crime novel by the American writer Robert Aiello set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It opens when a psychopath with a score to settle with Grant Montgomery kidnaps his girlfriend. Both the police and Montgomery race against time find the woman alive and to rescue her.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20703782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703782" title="Arad General Hospital">
Arad General Hospital

Arad Hospital was founded in 1976 in the center of Tehran, Iran. Arad Hospital is a private general hospital with 150 beds in 5 floors with more than 45 intensive care beds (general ICU (10), SICU (10), RICU (10), MICU (10) and CCU (10)). The hospital is fully equipped for all types of specialties and sub specialties. Arad Hospital is run by 120 well-attending staff personnel in various fields of medicine which assure patients with all types of diagnostic and therapeutic problems. The hospital's stated purpose is "to continue to build on the best of the distinguished tradition of the past to meet the ever changing patterns of medical care in future." 

</doc>
<doc id="20703838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703838" title="December 2008 in science">
December 2008 in science

__NOTOC__
← - January - February - March - April - May - June - July - August - September - October - November - December - →

</doc>
<doc id="20703860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703860" title="Northwest Samar State University">
Northwest Samar State University

The Northwest Samar State University is a public university in the Philippines located in Calbayog City with extension campus in San Jorge, Samar. It is mandated to provide advanced education, higher technological, professional instruction and training in trade, fishery, agriculture, science, education, commerce, engineering, forestry, nautical courses and other related fields. It is also mandated to undertake research and extension services, and provide progressive leadership in its areas of specialization. Its main campus is in Calbayog City.
History.
On November 14, 1982, Batas Pambansa 304 was passed into law converting Tiburcio Tancinco Memorial Vocational School into Tiburcio Tancinco Memorial Institute of Science and Technology.
On October 14, 2009, Republic Act No. 9719 was signed into law, renaming Tiburcio Tancinco Memorial Institute of Science and Technology into Northwest Samar State University integrating therewith Samar State College of Agriculture and Forestry located in San Jorge, Samar.

</doc>
<doc id="20703866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703866" title="United States presidential election in Minnesota, 2008">
United States presidential election in Minnesota, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Minnesota took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 10 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Minnesota was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 10.2% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Barack Obama carried the state with 54.06% of the vote in 2008 over John McCain's 43.82%. Minnesota has not voted Republican since Richard Nixon in 1972.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are the last predictions before election day:
Polling.
In the aftermath of the GOP National Convention that was highlighted by a well delivered and received speech by vice presidential nominee Governor Sarah Palin, a strong Obama lead tightened into a very narrow polling lead. However, when the September financial crisis irreparably damaged McCain's chances at victory, McCain remained competitive in Minnesota for some time after Obama had pulled away in other states such as Michigan and Wisconsin. At no time, however, did polls indicate that John McCain was ahead in the state, and Obama eventually did pull away from John McCain.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $2,423,705 in the state. Barack Obama raised $6,058,168.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups $3,006,784. McCain and his interest groups spent 4,467,107. The Republican ticket visited the state 9 times. Obama visited the state only once.
Analysis.
Although Minnesota, a Democratic-leaning state, had voted for the Democratic presidential candidate of every election since 1972, the margin of victory had been narrow in the past two presidential elections. With this in mind, Republicans targeted the state for the 2008 election, holding the 2008 Republican National Convention in Minneapolis-St. Paul. Although the state swung more Democratic in 2008 and Barack Obama performed better here than John Kerry did in 2004, the swing was smaller than the national average so the state did trend Republican in 2008.
During the same election, a contentious U.S. Senate battle took place between incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Norm Coleman and Democrat Al Franken. The close election resulted in two court appeals, which both eventually declared Franken the winner, which caused Coleman to concede. At the state level, Democrats picked up two seats in the Minnesota House of Representatives and one seat in the Minnesota Senate.
On Election Day, Obama won Minnesota by a comfortable margin, piling up 2-1 margins in Hennepin County (Minneapolis) and Ramsey County (St. Paul). Obama also ran evenly in the Minneapolis suburbs and rural Minnesota. However, McCain mostly held the same counties Bush won in the Republican base of central Minnesota. In contrast, the Republican base simply collapsed in neighboring Midwestern states such as Wisconsin and Michigan. While Obama still won the state with ease, GOP efforts and the Republican National Convention led to a better Republican performance than seen in neighboring states in the Upper Midwest.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Barack Obama carried five of the state’s eight congressional districts in Minnesota, including one seat held by a Republican. John McCain carried three congressional districts, including one seat held by a Democrat.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Minnesota heir ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Minnesota is allocated 10 electors because it has 8 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 10 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 10 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 10 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20703873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703873" title="Columelliaceae">
Columelliaceae

Columelliaceae is a family of trees and shrubs native to the Andes of South America.
In the APG II taxonomy they are placed in the order Lamiales, but a 2008 study suggested that they are sister to the Bruniaceae, and the Angiosperm Phylogeny Website proposes incorporating this finding by placing both families in order Bruniales. The APG III system of 2009 thus does place Columelliaceae in the Bruniales.

</doc>
<doc id="20703886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703886" title="Ernst Ogris">
Ernst Ogris

Ernst Ogris (born 9 December 1967) is an Austrian former football player. He is the younger brother of Andreas Ogris.

</doc>
<doc id="20703892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703892" title="List of people from Kingston, Jamaica">
List of people from Kingston, Jamaica

This is a list of notable people who are from Kingston, Jamaica, or have spent a large part or formative part of their career in that city.

</doc>
<doc id="20703952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703952" title="Bruniales">
Bruniales

Bruniales is a valid botanic name at the rank of order. Until recently it was not in use, but a 2008 study suggested that Bruniaceae and Columelliaceae are sister clades. The latest revision of the APG system, APG III, places both families as the only members of the order Bruniales, which is sister to the Apiales, and one of the asterid taxa.
The APG III phylogenetic tree for the asterids is:

</doc>
<doc id="20703996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20703996" title="Geoffrey Wykes">
Geoffrey Wykes

Geoffrey Wykes (22 November 1890 – 1 May 1926) was an English cricketer who played for Leicestershire. He was born in Clarendon Park, Leicester and died in Hull.
Wykes' debut came against Surrey, against whom he scored a pair, having been caught and bowled by Test cricketer Percy Fender in the first innings and caught by Andy Sandham off Fender's bowling in the second.
Wykes' second and final match saw him pick up two runs in the first innings and a duck in the second innings of the match. Wykes died less than three years after the end of his final first-class match.

</doc>
<doc id="20704000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704000" title="Annunciation to the shepherds">
Annunciation to the shepherds

The Annunciation to the shepherds is an episode in the Nativity of Jesus described in the Bible in Luke 2, in which angels tell a group of shepherds about the birth of Jesus. It is a common subject of Christian art and of Christmas carols.
Biblical narrative.
As described in verses 8–20 of the second chapter of the Gospel of Luke, shepherds were tending their flocks out in the countryside near Bethlehem, when they were terrified by the appearance of an angel. The angel explains that he has a message of good news for all people, namely that "Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is the Messiah, the Lord. This will be a sign to you: You will find a baby wrapped in cloths and lying in a manger."
After this, a great many more angels appear, praising God with the words "Glory to God in the highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests." Deciding to do as the angel had said, the shepherds travel to Bethlehem, and find Mary and Joseph and the infant Jesus lying in the manger, just as they had been told. The Adoration of the shepherds follows.
Translational issues.
The King James Version of the Bible translates the words of the angels differently from modern versions, using the words "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men" (where the word "men" is used generically to mean "people" or "human beings"). Most Christmas carols reflect this older translation, with "It Came Upon the Midnight Clear", for example, using the words "Peace on the earth, good will to men, / From Heaven's all gracious King."
The disparity reflects a dispute about the Greek text of the New Testament involving a single letter. The Greek text accepted by most modern scholars today uses the words "epi gēs eirēnē en anthrōpois eudokias" (ἐπὶ γῆς εἰρήνη ἐν ἀνθρώποις εὐδοκίας), literally "on earth peace to men of good will," with the last word being in the genitive case (apparently reflecting a Semitic idiom that reads strangely in Greek). Most ancient manuscripts of the Greek New Testament have this reading. The original version of the ancient "Codex Sinaiticus" (denoted ℵ* by scholars) has this reading, but it has been altered by erasure of the last letter to "epi gēs eirēnē en anthrōpois eudokia" (ἐπὶ γῆς εἰρήνη ἐν ἀνθρώποις εὐδοκία), literally "on earth (first subject: peace) to men (second subject: good will)," with two subjects in the nominative case. Expressed in correct English, this gives the familiar "Peace on earth, good will to men" of many ancient Christmas carols.
Even though some other ancient Greek manuscripts (and many medieval ones) agree with the edited "Codex Sinaiticus", most modern scholars and Bible translators accept the reading of the majority of ancient manuscripts, translating as "on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests" (NIV) or "on earth peace among those with whom he is pleased" (ESV).
The Douay-Rheims Bible, translated from the Latin Vulgate, derives from the same Greek text as the original "Codex Sinaiticus", but renders it "on earth peace to men of good will." In the New American Bible, this is updated to "on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests."
Theological interpretation.
It is generally considered significant that this message was given to shepherds, who were located on the lower rungs of the social ladder in first-century Palestine. Contrasting with the more powerful characters mentioned in the Nativity, such as the Emperor Augustus, they seem to reflect Mary's words in the Magnificat: "He has brought down rulers from their thrones but has lifted up the humble."
The shepherds, taken as Jewish, also combine with the gentile Three Magi, in later tradition thought to be one each from the three continents then known, to represent the first declaration of the Christian message to all the peoples of the world.
The phrase "peace to men on whom his favor rests" has been interpreted both as expressing a restriction to a particular group of people that God has chosen and inclusively, as God displaying favor to the world.
Depiction in art.
Initially depicted only as part of a broader Nativity scene, the Annunciation to the shepherds became an independent subject for art in the 9th century, but has remained relatively uncommon as such, except in extended cycles with many scenes. The standard Byzantine depiction, still used in Eastern Orthodox icons to the present, is to show the scene in the background of a "Nativity", typically on the right, while the Three Magi approach on the left. This is also very common in the West, though the Magi are very often omitted. For example, the 1485 Adoration of the shepherds scene by Domenico Ghirlandaio includes the Annunciation to the shepherds peripherally, in the upper left corner, even though it represents an episode occurring prior to the main scene. Similarly, in the "Nativity at Night" of Geertgen tot Sint Jans, the Annunciation to the shepherds is seen on a hillside through an opening in the stable wall.
Scenes showing the shepherds at the side of the crib are a different subject, formally known as the "Adoration of the shepherds". This is very commonly combined with the "Adoration of the Magi", which makes for a balanced composition, as the two groups often occupy opposite sides of the image space around the central figures, and fitted with the theological interpretation of the episode, where the two groups represented the peoples of the world between them. This combination is first found in the 6th century Monza ampullae made in Palestine.
The landscape varies, though scenes in the background of a "Nativity" very often show the shepherds on a steep hill, making visual sense of their placement above the main Nativity scene. The number of shepherds shown varies also, though three is typical in the West; one or more dogs may be included, as in the Taddeo Gaddi (right, with red collar). The Annunciation to the shepherds became less common as an independent subject in the late Middle Ages, but depictions continued in later centuries. Famous depictions by Abraham Hondius and Rembrandt exist. Along with the "Agony in the Garden" and the "Arrest of Christ" the scene was one of those used most often in the development of the depiction of night scenes, especially in 15th century Early Netherlandish painting and manuscript illustration (see illustrations here and the Geertgen tot Sint Jans linked above).
In Renaissance art, drawing on classical stories of Orpheus, the shepherds are sometimes depicted with musical instruments. A charming but atypical miniature in the "La Flora Hours" in Naples shows the shepherds playing to the Infant Jesus, as a delighted Virgin Mary stands to one side.
Christmas carols.
Many Christmas carols mention the Annunciation to the shepherds, with the "Gloria in Excelsis Deo" being the most ancient. Phillips Brooks' "O Little Town of Bethlehem" (1867) has the lines "O morning stars together, proclaim the holy birth, / And praises sing to God the King, and peace to men on earth!" The originally German carol "Silent Night" has "Shepherds quake at the sight; / Glories stream from heaven afar, / Heavenly hosts sing Alleluia!"
The episode plays a much greater role in Charles Wesley's "Hark! The Herald Angels Sing" (1739), which begins:
Hark! The herald angels sing,<br>
"Glory to the newborn King;<br>
Peace on earth, and mercy mild,<br>
God and sinners reconciled!"<br>
Joyful, all ye nations rise,<br>
Join the triumph of the skies;<br>
With th'angelic host proclaim,<br>
"Christ is born in Bethlehem!"<br>
Nahum Tate's well-known carol "While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks" (1700) is entirely devoted to describing the Annunciation to the shepherds, and the episode is also significant in "The First Nowell", "Angels from the Realms of Glory", the originally French carol "Angels We Have Heard on High", and several others.
The carol "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day", written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow during the American Civil War, reflects on the phrase "Peace on earth, good will to men" in a pacifist sense, as does "It Came Upon the Midnight Clear".
In popular culture.
The phrase "Peace on earth, good will to men" has been widely used in a variety of contexts. For example, Samuel Morse's farewell message in 1871 read "Greetings and thanks to the telegraph fraternity throughout the world. Glory to God in the highest, on earth peace, good will to men. – S. F. B. Morse."

</doc>
<doc id="20704068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704068" title="Guillermo Franco (disambiguation)">
Guillermo Franco (disambiguation)

Guillermo Franco may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20704078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704078" title="Slow Water">
Slow Water

Slow Water is a 2003 novel by New Zealand author Annamarie Jagose. 

</doc>
<doc id="20704087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704087" title="Emma Hamm">
Emma Hamm

Emma Elizabeth Hamm was born on December 26, 1988 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. She is now a midfielder at Duke University.
High school career.
She was a three-time first team All-American selection, and was captain and MVP her junior and senior seasons. She holds the school record in goals, ground balls, and draw controls. She was also a four-time All-Main Line (regional) and All-InterAc (league) selection. Emma was a member of the under-19 national team in 2007 which won the world championship, and was selected to the All-World team. In June 2006 Emma received the Heather Leigh Albert Award which is awarded to the top female lacrosse player in the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="20704090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704090" title="Chronological Classics">
Chronological Classics

The Chronological Classics CD series is a collection of 965+ compact discs that were compiled by Gilles Pétard in France from 1989. The original Classics music label never had a website, and it is hard to find reliable information about the history of the company and its series of recordings.
The label set out to systematically assemble comprehensive collections of jazz recording by hundreds of artists previously issued on 78 rpm records as the European mechanic copyright laws allowed (issued recordings are protected for 50 years) and issue them on compact disc. The series was issued with informative liner notes in colour-coordinated packaging.
The original series was published by subscription with five issues being released each month. The series started with number 500 in December 1989. The initial release was "Ella Fitzgerald 1935-1937".
The series contains some of the greatest jazz musicians, including Louis Armstrong, Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman, Django Reinhardt, and a large number of lesser known artists, such as Beryl Booker, Eddie Lockjaw Davis, Mezz Mezzrow, and Illinois Jacquet.
The Classics label regularly issued new collections until 2004, when its original distributor went bankrupt. The back catalog was then acquired by Abeille Musique which operated the label until July 2008. Five titles announced for an August 2008 release were never issued. Despite the halt in new editions the complete Classics CDs continue to be sold on iTunes, as of 2012. 
Many Classics titles are now prized collector's items and can only be found on the second-hand market, often at many times their original purchase price. Bootleg CD-R copies of select titles surfaced in retail markets in late 2012. They are identifiable by the front inserts (off-register printing and out-of-sequence pagination) and the physical discs (imprinted color surfaces modified from the front cover graphics). 
An interesting historical note is that for years these CDs were issued with a huge typographical error. Instead of "Chronological", the typo at the top said "Chronogical". This mistake was corrected only in 2005, and new logotype appear on discs covers since number 1380 (Dizzy Gillespie 1953). Also since that release they change the form of a shield with photo on front cover from French to Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="20704109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704109" title="BrickArms">
BrickArms

BrickArms is a business specializing in custom designed and produced building-toy compatible products, such as accessories and figures. BrickArms is not affiliated with LEGO and is run by Will Chapman, the owner of the company and designer of its products, from his home in Redmond, WA.
History.
BrickArms began when Ian Chapman, Will Chapman's youngest son (9 at the time), approached him with the need for World War Weaponry for his LEGO builds. Ian was disappointed with what LEGO was offering him for weapons, and Will set out to find a solution. BrickArms were born in the Chapman's garage in Redmond, Washington and orders were packed and filled in the families bonus room.
In 2011 Will and Jennifer Chapman decided to set foot on a new venture and focus solely on the creation and production of the BrickArms product line and on May 1 they shut the retail side of www.brickarms.com down to the public for good. However, at the same time the Chapman's Nephew, Keith Nelson, and his wife, Julie, started up GI Brick and became the 3rd US Authorized Re-seller of the BrickArms line. On May 1, 2011 www.gibrick.com launched the website and seamlessly took over where the Chapman family left off.
Today.
2013 has been a big year for BrickArms. BrickArms was featured on NPR, in Seattle's Evening Magazine, and in the Beta version of the U41A Games newest release, "Offensive Combat". Will Chapman, has also worked alongside Dan Siskind of Brickmania.com and Julie Nelson of gibrick.com to create an all military LEGO fan convention in Minneapolis, Minnesota in June, also known as World War Brick. Brickarms has also attended Brickcon in Seattle.
Products.
BrickArms makes a variety of minifigure compatible accessories including an M4 carbine, M21 Sniper Rifle, M1 Garand, M84 grenades, M1 Helmet, Stahlhelm, Minigun, AK-47, M3 Grease Gun, M16, and a Combat Shotgun, along with many other items related to warfare. The company also produces custom minifigs as well as other items. It also sells overmolded variations of some of the weapons. It also sells packs of the weapons, such as the Modern combat pack.
To produce these accessories, they are first designed by Chapman using a CAD program. The designs are next prototyped using a small mold cut by Chapman using a CNC. The proportions, aesthetics, and playability of the resulting prototypes are then tested by Will, his family, and select members of the BrickArms community. Once the design of an accessory is finalized, it is mass-produced via injection molding of Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene (ABS) plastic into professionally tooled production molds.
In December 2012, Brickarms introduced a range of licensed weapons in partnership with U4iA from the forthcoming Offensive Combat Online Game. This was also the first product from Brickarms to include a Barcode.
Bandit controversy.
On December 4, 2008, controversy was sparked over a BrickArms custom minifig called the "White Bandit." The report claimed the figure was based on a follower of Osama Bin Laden. Chapman has denied this, saying it "is merely a bad guy for the good guys to battle." A spokesman for BrickArms also commented extensively on the article and the nature of the "White Bandit" custom figure
External links.
http://www.gibrick.com/
http://www.brickmania.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20704115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704115" title="Transitional phrase">
Transitional phrase

A transitional phrase, in United States patent law, is a phrase that links the preamble of a patent claim to the specific elements set forth in the claim which define what the invention itself actually is. The transitional phrase acts as a limitation on the claim, indicating whether a similar device, method, or composition infringes the patent if it contains more or fewer elements than the claim in the patent.
There are three kinds of transitional phrases: open, closed, and hybrid.
Closed transition.
A closed transition usually uses the words "consisting of". Use of this phrase limits the preamble to exactly what follows and nothing more. An example would be a patent claim for a pencil, which might say in the preamble "a writing device", followed by the closed transition "consisting of", and concluding with a description such as "a cylindrical piece of lead, graphite, or another material similarly capable of leaving a mark when drawn against a surface, and a second surrounding material encasing the first". A third party who sold pencils including both a cylinder of writing material and a casing material, but added to his pencils an eraser fixed to one end, would therefore not be in violation of the patent. Use of such a transition makes it easy for a competitor to compete with the patented product without infringing it, because it allows the competitor to sell a similar device so long as the competitor makes an addition to what is claimed. However, it also may assist the patent owner in avoiding prior art, which might otherwise block the patent from issuing.
Open transition.
An open transition usually uses the word "comprises" or "comprising". This is the broadest form of transition, as it does not limit the preamble to whatever elements are identified in the claim. If the above patent used the word "comprising" instead of "consisting of", then the third party's pencil-plus-eraser would be infringing.
Hybrid transition.
A third kind of transition, the hybrid transition, uses the phrase "consisting essentially of". The effect of this transitional phrase is to leave the claim "open" to include additional elements, but only if those additional elements do not materially affect the basic and novel characteristics of the claimed combination. In this instance, the pencil with the eraser added might still not be infringing, but a pencil with a fin or a non-functional button would still infringe, because the thing that was added would serve no purpose material to the claimed functions of the pencil. This language assists in avoiding prior art, but is broad enough to capture imperfect attempts to copy the patented device.

</doc>
<doc id="20704140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704140" title="Manifesto of Futurist Musicians">
Manifesto of Futurist Musicians

The Manifesto of Futurist Musicians is a manifesto written by Francesco Balilla Pratella on October 11, 1910. It was one of the earliest signs of Futurism's influence in fields outside of the visual arts. 
In the manifesto, Pratella appeals to the youth for only they can understand what he says and they are thirsty for 'the new, the actual, the lively.' He goes on to talk about the degeneration of Italian music to that of a vulgar melodrama which he realized through winning a prize for one of his musical Futurist work "La Sina d'Vargoun" based on one of Pratella's free verse poems. As part of his monetary prize, he was able to put on a performance of that work, which received mixed reviews. Through his entry into Italian musical society, he was able to experience firsthand the 'intellectual mediocrity' and 'commercial baseness' that makes Italian music inferior to the Futurist evolution of music in other countries.
He then goes on to list composers in other European countries who are making strides in the futurist evolution of music even when battling tradition. For example Pratella discusses the geniuses of Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss and how they struggled to combat and overcome the past with innovatory talent. He expresses his admiration for Edward Elgar in England because he is destroying the past by resisting the will to amplify symphonic forms, and is finding new ways to combine instruments for different effects, which keeps in line with the Futurist aesthetic. Pratella also mentions Finland and Sweden, countries in which innovations are being made by means of nationalism and poeticism, citing the works of Sibelius.
After this list, he raises the question of musical innovation of Italian composers. He states that 'vegetating' schools, conservatories, and academies are likes snares on youths and that the impotency of professors and masters underline traditionalism while stifling efforts to be innovative. Pratella says that this results in the repression of free and daring tendencies, the prostitution of the glories of music's past, and the limitation of a study of forms of a dead culture, among other things. 
Pratella then laments the young musical talents who fixate themselves on writing operas under the protection of publishing houses, only to see them fail to have their work realized because the operas are badly written (for lack of a strong ideological and technical foundation) and rarely staged. And the few who do get their works staged only experience ephemeral successes.
Next, Pratella talks about the pure symphony and how it is a refuge for the failed opera composers he previously mentioned, who justify their failures by preaching the death of the music drama. Evoking the double-edged sword, Pratella points out that they confirm the traditional claim that Italian composers are inept at the symphonic form, the most noble and vital form of composition. And it is only the writer's own impotence to blame for this double failure. He then scolds them for writing "well-made music," or music that appeals to the population, and scolds the public for letting itself be cheated by its own free will. 
The author moves on to the topic of commercialism and the power of publisher-merchants, claiming that they impose limitations on operatic forms and proclaim the models that cannot be surpassed (the 'vulgar' operas of Giacomo Puccini and Umberto Giordano). He also points out how publishers have the power of controlling public tastes, harboring a sense of the Italian monopoly on melody and bel canto.
Pratella then praises one Italian composer and a publisher's favorite, Pietro Mascagni, for his will to rebel against the traditions of art, the publishers, and the public. To the author, Mascagni has shown great talent in his attempts at innovation in the harmonic and lyrical aspects of opera.
The Futurist Manifesto is evoked towards the end of Pratella's manifesto, as he reiterates Futurism's pursuit of the rebellion of the life of intuition and feeling and the exaltation of the past at the expense of the future. He calls for the young composers to have the 'hearts to live and fight, minds to conceive, and brows free of cowardice.' Pratella then frees himself from the 'chains of tradition, doubt, opportunism, and vanity.'
Pratella offers his conclusions to the 'young, bold and the restless' while repudiating the title of "Maestro" as a stigma of mediocrity and ignorance:
Other writings.
Pratella authored two more manifestos, the "Technical Manifesto of Futurist Music" and "The Destruction of Quadrature." These manifestos along with "Manifesto for Futurist Musicians" were published together in 1912. This volume also contained Pratella's "Futurist Music for Orchestra". 

</doc>
<doc id="20704143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704143" title="Taking Over">
Taking Over

Taking Over may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20704145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704145" title="Vltor Bren Ten">
Vltor Bren Ten

The Vltor Bren Ten is an updated version of the original Bren Ten pistol, which itself was a derivative of the CZ 75 series of pistols. The Bren Ten is being developed and manufactured by Vltor Weapon Systems of Tucson, Arizona and is completely made in the United States. It will initially be available in two calibers: .45 ACP and the 10mm Auto round which was developed for the original Bren Ten.
Development.
The Bren Ten was a complete pistol and cartridge concept that started in the late 1970s, co-developed by firearms expert Jeff Cooper; the Bren Ten and its 10mm cartridge were developed primarily to give law enforcement and military personnel the most powerful, yet still practical service pistol available. The Bren Ten never saw large scale production and manufacturing ended in 1986. Several years later there was an attempt to bring a Bren Ten style pistol to market, as the Peregrine Falcon, however this effort fell victim to financial problems and never went into production.
In early 2008, Vltor Weapon Systems started development of the Fortis pistol. Vltor were able to locate all of the original blueprints, drawings and engineering notes from the original Bren Ten and received overwhelming support from many of the original supporters of the concept, including Jeff Cooper's surviving family. They were initially not able to secure the right to use the name "Bren Ten" and decided to market the new pistol under the name "Fortis". 27 July 2009 Vltor announced that they had acquired the rights to the Bren Ten name and that the pistol would be sold as the Bren Ten rather than Fortis.
Structure.
The Vltor Bren Ten is externally identical to the Bren Ten, and retains the external shape and style of the Bren Ten. Internally, the Vltor Bren has several changes that were made to address performance and safety concerns, allow for more modern manufacturing techniques, and make it a stronger and more reliable pistol.
One major and embarrassing problem which plagued the original Bren Ten was the unavailability of magazines. A number of pistols were actually shipped without magazines. The Vltor, however, has been designed not only to use its own magazine (which doubles as a takedown tool, as did those for the Bren Ten), but can also use magazines from the Tanfoglio/EAA Witness series of 10mm and .45-caliber pistols. These are widely available, though thousands of magazines have been made even before full-scale production of the pistols. Unfortunately for owners of the original Bren Ten, these magazines will not work in those pistols.

</doc>
<doc id="20704148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704148" title="Lee-Way">
Lee-Way

Leeway is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded on April 28, 1960 and features performances by Morgan with Jackie McLean, Bobby Timmons, Paul Chambers and Art Blakey.
"The Lion and the Wolff" is dedicated to producers Alfred Lion and Francis Wolff.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The music is essentially hard bop with a strong dose of soul; the very distinctive styles of the principals are the main reasons to acquire this enjoyable music.".

</doc>
<doc id="20704151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704151" title="USRC Dexter (1874)">
USRC Dexter (1874)

USRC "Dexter" was a "Dexter"-class cutter of the United States Revenue Cutter Service in commission from 1874 to 1908. She was the second ship of the Revenue Cutter Service to bear the name. The other Dexter-class cutters, all commissioned in 1874, were the "Dallas" and the "Rush". "Dexter" was built by the Atlantic Works Company at Boston, Massachusetts. Captain John A. Henriques accepted her for service on 6 June 1874, and she was commissioned into the Revenue Cutter Service on 18 June 1874. Her role in the rescue of passengers from a sinking passenger ship under winter gale winds brought her nationwide popular acclaim.
Early service.
"Dexter" was stationed at Newport, Rhode Island. She patrolled the Long Island Sound and east to Nantucket, Massachusetts, enforcing customs laws, patrolling regattas, and assisting mariners in distress, among other duties. She also made annual winter cruises as directed, usually off Edgartown, Massachusetts to Nantucket Shoals, and from Gay Head, Massachusetts, to Sandy Hook, New Jersey.
Rescue of the SS "City of Columbus".
In the early morning hours of 18 January 1884, the SS "City of Columbus" out of Boston, Massachusetts bound for Savannah, Georgia ran aground on rocks near Martha's Vineyard. Due to high winds and cold weather, only a few lifeboats were able to be launched and most of them contained members of the crew rather than passengers. No help arrived on scene for more than five hours, with the first help coming from lifeboats manned by Massachusetts Humane Society volunteers of Wampanoag American Indians from Gay Head. They managed to rescue 19 persons from the cold water with only one person dying afterward. "Dexter" arrived on scene at 1230 and spotted men clinging to the masts and rigging of "City of Columbus". Captain Eric Gabrielson ordered the cutter's gig launched for a rescue attempt. Lieutenant Charles D. Kennedy and four volunteers rescued the captain of the sunken steamer and four of his men that had been clinging to the rigging for twelve hours. Second Lieutenant John U. Rhodes managed to save two men and recovered the bodies of others that were frozen to the rigging after several attempts. The "City of Columbus" had left Boston with 45 officers and crew and 87 passengers, only 17 crew members and 12 passengers survived the ordeal. Rhodes was awarded a gold medal from the Humane Society for his efforts as well as a gold medal from the German-American Society of Wilmington, North Carolina. Silver medals were awarded by the Humane Society for Captain Gabrielson and Lieutenant Kennedy. The Wampanoag volunteers and the crew of the "Dexter" were thanked in a joint resolution by Congress for their "brave and humane conduct". The Connecticut legislature passed a resolution praising the crew of the "Dexter". Public subscriptions rewarded Rhodes with $2053 and the Wampanoag lifesavers $3500. Rhodes split his reward with the officers and crew of "Dexter", giving each officer $150 and each crewman an new uniform, mattress and bedding.
Spanish-American War and later service.
At the beginning of the Spanish-American War in April 1898 the Revenue Cutter Service was transferred to the control of the U.S. Navy by executive order and the U.S. Army asked the Navy to provide protection to Army shore installations on the East Coast and the Gulf of Mexico. In addition, many cities along both coastlines were concerned about security. The Navy didn't have any ships to spare for the task of security of the coast and directed the Revenue Cutter Service to perform the task. The cutters assigned to this task were a part of the "Flying Squadron" under the command of Navy Commodore Winfield Scott Schley. "Dexter" was assigned the area around Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island to patrol.
In 1904 "Dexter" was ordered to Puerto Rico. She returned to Newport in 1905.
"Dexter" was decommissioned at Arundel Cove, Maryland in 1908. She was sold on 18 July 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="20704165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704165" title="I Ain't Marching Anymore (song)">
I Ain't Marching Anymore (song)

__NOTOC__
"I Ain't Marching Anymore" (sometimes titled "I Ain't Marchin' Anymore" or "I Ain't A-Marching Anymore") is an anti-war song by Phil Ochs, a U.S. protest singer from the 1960s known for being a harsh critic of the American military industrial complex. Originally released on his 1965 album of the same name, "I Ain't Marching Anymore" is one of Ochs' best-known songs.
Ochs wrote "I Ain't Marching Anymore" as American involvement in the Vietnam War was beginning to grow. The song criticizes all of American military history from the perspective of a weary soldier who has been present at every single war since the War of 1812. The chorus notes that "it's always the old who lead us to the war, always the young to fall" and asks whether the price of military victory has been too high.
Ochs said of the song that it "borders between pacifism and treason, combining the best qualities of both." He also wrote "the fact that you won't be hearing this song on the radio is more than enough justification for the writing of it."
According to one biographer, "I Ain't Marching Anymore" "instantly became [Ochs'] signature song". Ochs performed it at concerts and rallies for the remainder of his career, almost always drawing cheers from the audience.
Ochs performed the song in 1967 on the ABC television special "Dissent or Treason", one of the rare instances in which he appeared on a national American television broadcast. In August 1968, Ochs performed "I Ain't Marching Anymore" during the protests outside the Democratic National Convention, inspiring hundreds of young men to burn their draft cards. Ochs described it as the highlight of his career.
Ochs' Chicago triumph turned to farce when he was called as a witness in the trial of the Chicago Seven, who were charged with conspiracy and other crimes related to the protests. The defense attorneys asked Ochs to sing "I Ain't Marching Anymore", but the judge wouldn't allow it. Instead, Ochs recited the lyrics.
Folk-rock version.
In 1966, Ochs recorded a folk-rock version of "I Ain't Marching Anymore". He was accompanied by The Blues Project and a bagpipe player. The new version of the song was released as a single in the U.K. and as a flexi disc in "Sing Out!" magazine. Critic Richie Unterberger wrote of the folk-rock version, "If ever there was a successful reworking of a plaintive acoustic song into a dynamic electric one, this ... was it". The single failed to chart.
Cover versions.
"I Ain't Marching Anymore" has been covered by several performers, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20704243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704243" title="List of Leverage episodes">
List of Leverage episodes

This is a list of episodes for "Leverage", a U.S. television drama series, which ran on TNT from December 7, 2008 to December 25, 2012. The series is produced by director/executive producer Dean Devlin's production company Electric Television. "Leverage" follows a five-person team made up of Alec Hardison, Eliot Spencer, Sophie Devereaux, Parker, and former insurance investigator Nate Ford, who use their skills to right corporate and governmental injustices inflicted on common citizens.
Leverage was canceled on December 21, 2012 amid falling ratings. The final episode, which was produced as a possible series finale, aired December 25, 2012.
A total of 77 episodes of "Leverage" were broadcast over five seasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="20704262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704262" title="1985 El Descanso bombing">
1985 El Descanso bombing

The 1985 El Descanso bombing was a bomb attack against the El Descanso restaurant just outside Madrid, Spain, late on April 12, 1985. The explosion killed 18 Spaniards and injured 82 others, including 11 American servicemen, who were believed to be the target of the attack. American servicemen who worked at nearby Torrejón Air Base frequented the restaurant.
Spanish Interior Minister José Barrionuevo blamed the Islamic Jihad Organization, which claimed responsibility for the blast, for the bombing. However, the case was closed in 1987 due to a lack of arrests.
In 2005, Spain requested the alleged Al-Qaeda operative and writer Mustafa Setmariam Nasar's extradition from Pakistan for his role in the bombing.

</doc>
<doc id="20704318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704318" title="List of years in Australian literature">
List of years in Australian literature

This page gives a chronological list of years in Australian literature (descending order), with notable publications and events listed with their respective years. The time covered in individual years covers the period of European settlement of the country.
See Table of years in literature for an overview of all "year in literature" pages.

</doc>
<doc id="20704362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704362" title="USCGC Dexter (1925)">
USCGC Dexter (1925)

USCGC "Dexter", was a steel-hulled patrol boat of the United States Coast Guard in commission from 1925 to 1936. She was the third ship of the United States Revenue Cutter Service and United States Coast Guard to bear the name.
"Dexter" was built by the Defoe Boat and Motor Works at Bay City, Michigan. She was commissioned into the Coast Guard in 1925.
"Dexter" was stationed at Boston, Massachusetts, from 1925 until 1927. She was then transferred to Pascagoula, Mississippi late in 1927. By 1935 she had been transferred to Buffalo, New York.
"Dexter" was decommissioned in 1936. She was then transferred to the United States Navy.
On June 19, 2010 the "Dexter" (now known as the Buccaneer) was sunk in Lake Michigan as an artificial reef.
References.
The Dexter is also ship of some historical significance. During her tenure as a revenue cutter she sank a Canadian rum running sloop named "I'm Alone" in the Gulf of Mexico, in 1929. While "I'm Alone" had allegedly been sighted within U.S. territorial waters, the actual sinking occurred in international waters, 200 miles out in the Gulf of Mexico. One crew member from the sloop was killed during the sinking, he was a French national. This created quite an international incident involving Canada, Britain and France. The resulting lawsuit was settled in 1936.
After being stricken from the U.S. Coast Guard rolls in 1936, the Dexter was turned over to the U.S. Navy, in Buffalo New York, and renamed YP-63. She saw action during World War II patrolling in the Caribbean, based out of Trinidad, on the Atlantic Sea Frontier. She is officially cited in the "Chronology of the U.S. Navy in World War II". On June 16, 1942, YP-63 (the former USCGC Dexter) and the coastal yacht Opal (PYc 8) rescued 91 survivors from three successive merchant ships sunk by the German U boats: U 126, U 161 and U 502.
After the war she was acquired by various private interests. She saw service as a recreational fishing vessel off Boston, an oil drilling services vessel off Louisiana and finally ended up in Chicago, as a pirate themed party boat. It is ironic that this vessel, originally created to enforce prohibition, became the MV Buccaneer, dedicated to providing quantities of booze to her willing customers.
For three years Buccaneer was at a marina on the Little Calumet River being prepared for sinking in Lake Michigan as a dive attraction. It was finally sunk in Lake Michigan on June 18, 2010. It now resides in 74 ft. of water about seven miles off Chicago.
For photos of the Dexter visit NavSource.org: http://www.navsource.org/archives/14/31063.htm
For an article on the sinking of the Buccaneer in June 2010 visit: http://divenewsnetwork.com/component/content/article/153-mw-regional-news/1323-historic-ship-sunk-off-chicago.html
The vessel is now a SCUBA Diving destination and an artificial reef. She rests upright in 70' in Lake Michigan about 10 miles off Chicago's coast.

</doc>
<doc id="20704585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704585" title="Behaghel's laws">
Behaghel's laws

Behaghel’s Laws describe the basic principles of the position of words and phrases in a sentence. They were formulated by the Linguist Otto Behaghel in the last volume of his four volume work "Deutsche Syntax: Eine geschichtliche Darstellung" (published 1923-1932). 
They include the following cross-language principles:
It is thus ensured that the utterances that the speaker finds important will remain in the thoughts of the listener, in that they are at the end of the sentence. From Behaghel’s Laws evolved the later Theme-rheme. They serve together with other of his topics as suggestions for research in Quantitative Linguistics.
Behaghel's law of increasing terms is also known as "Panini's Law" after the Sanskrit grammarian. This name was introduced by William Cooper and John Ross (1975) in their study of English set phrases.
English examples include "free and easy", "lock, stock and barrel", "kit and (ca)boodle", etc.
Michael O'Connor (1978) has observed a similar statistical preference in the case of Biblical Hebrew poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="20704680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704680" title="Western Canary Islands Chiffchaff">
Western Canary Islands Chiffchaff

The Western Canary Islands Chiffchaff (Phylloscopus canariensis canariensis) is a small bird in the family Phylloscopidae. It is a subspecies of the Canary Islands Chiffchaff found on the islands of El Hierro, La Palma, La Gomera, Tenerife and Gran Canaria in the Canary Islands, Spain. 
Both the western and the now extinct eastern ("Phylloscopus canariensis exsul") subspecies of the Canary Islands Chiffchaff were formerly considered subspecies of the Common Chiffchaff but were separated (Clement & Helbig, 1998; Sangster "et al.", 2001) due to their morphological, bioacoustical, and mtDNA sequence differences (Helbig "et al.", 1996).

</doc>
<doc id="20704688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704688" title="Saint Ernest">
Saint Ernest

Saint Ernest (died 1148) was the abbot of the Benedictine Zwiefalten Abbey at Zwiefalten, Germany during the 12th century. He participated in the Second Crusade fought by Christians between 1145 and 1149 to regain the Holy Lands including Jerusalem.
Life.
Ernest is a Germanic name meaning severe. Not much is known about Saint Ernest's life. He was born in Steisslingen, Germany, and had been the abbot of the Benedictine abbey of Zwiefalten, Germany during the 12th century.
The Crusade.
When St. Bernard called for participation in the Second Crusade to recapture Jerusalem and other holy lands, Ernest decided to participate in it. Before leaving, he is said to have told the monks and laymen brothers of the abbey, "The death I am destined to die matters little so long as it allows me to suffer for the love of Christ." The crusade was led by Emperor Conrad III of Germany, the emperor's brother Otto of Freising and St. Ernest. The crusade was not successful. Among the two or three lakh Christians who went, only a few hundred returned two years later.
Martyrdom.
St. Ernest himself did not reach Jerusalem. He was taken captive to Mecca by a commander of the king of Persia.
He was ordered to embrace Islam by the Persian king. He refused, and was tortured and killed.

</doc>
<doc id="20704727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704727" title="Goodbye Picasso">
Goodbye Picasso

Goodbye Picasso is an American rock act based in New York, NY. The band was formed in 2007 after the break-up of Whiskey Richard, a rock/alternative country act from Nashville, Tennessee by way of the Florida State University in Tallahassee, Florida, which all of its members attended. Whiskey Richard recorded the 2005 album, "The Untimely Demise of a Lovestruck Confessor." The principal members of Goodbye Picasso are Chris Dreyer and Scott Taylor. They have performed with a variety of rhythm sections since forming as an acoustic duo in 2001. Goodbye Picasso are currently preparing to record their magnum opus "The Book of Aylene." 
Goodbye Picasso's music has always built on the strength of the songs written by Chris Dreyer, lead vocalist and songwriter. Dreyer names The Beatles, Conor Oberst, and Ryan Adams as influences, amongst others.
Goodbye Picasso has received acclaim in New York City after being named Audience Favorite at the Ars Nova A.N.T. Festival in 2008 for their rock opera "The Book of Aylene."
Music Style and Influences.
Chris Dreyer plays acoustic guitar in the group in addition to being Goodbye Picasso's singer and songwriter. The band's arrangements vary from solo acoustic song settings to full band (adding electric guitar, bass, and drums) with strings, a horn section, and keyboard instruments. Their music does not fit into one genre, which is a quality they share with many jam bands, but Goodbye Picasso's live performances do not generally feature long improvised sections.
The group is influenced by the experimental tendencies of Radiohead and Wilco, but have an accessible quality similar to the music of Damien Rice, Pete Yorn, My Morning Jacket, and Iron and Wine. The music fits in the genres folk, indie, and acoustic rock, and some arrangements could be classified as alt-country.
History.
Fall 2000 – Spring 2001, London.
Chris Dreyer traveled to London for the first of 2 semesters abroad. He recorded with London producer Jono Buchanon and shared a flat with fellow songwriter, and The Boxer Rebellion frontman, Nathan Nicholson. Scott Taylor attended The FSU London Study Centre for the Spring semester, 2001. He went to study classical music, but ended up meeting Chris and forging a musical alliance. They recorded together with Jono and played 3 standing room only shows at the famed 12 Bar Club in London's West End.
2002–2005 Tallahassee, FL.
Chris and Scott began playing shows stateside at college bars and frat parties. By the end of the year, they started their first full band proper, Nectar. As Nectar, they performed at various bars, clubs, and frats, getting their feet wet. They began to play around the state of Florida and played their first shows in Georgia. After various lineup changes and a summer off, they played some of their biggest shows yet, many at FSU to over 1200 people. They began to record their first EP as Whiskey Richard, with new members Andrew Altman and Mark Raudabaugh. Whiskey Richard spent 7 months in the studio off and on recording a full-length album of songs. The band played over 100 shows in 2005.
2006 Nashville, TN.
The band moved in together in a house in east Nashville. Whiskey Richard went on to play 85 shows in 6 months, a punishing tour schedule. They made 3 trips to the northeast and opened the CMJ Music Marathon on Halloween in NYC. In December, the group split in half. Chris Dreyer and Scott Taylor moved to New York City. Mark Raudabaugh and Andrew Altman became the rhythm section for The Codetalkers.
2007– , New York, NY.
Chris and Scott regrouped in New York City as Goodbye Picasso. Their first 2 shows as that new entity were a show at The Knitting Factory and a label showcase at Snitch for Universal Music with Ari Hest bassist Rob Calder and Fiction Plane drummer Pete Wilhoit. After becoming regulars at songwriter-haven Rockwood Music Hall in the Lower East Side, the group performed with a few more rhythm sections and added piano and a horn section for some shows at Don Hill's in the West Village.
Goodbye Picasso got a stable lineup with the additions of Tim Lappin on bass and Joe Nero on drums, graduates of the University of the Arts and Manhattan School of Music, respectively. This lineup played the 2008 CMJ Music Marathon in NYC at Rockwood Music Hall. The group played subsequent showcases for major record labels and landed a spot in the Ars Nova Theater's A.N.T. Fest. Their show was named "Audience Favorite" by festival-goers after Goodbye Picasso's sold out performance on November 1, 2008. Goodbye Picasso maintains an active performance schedule and records regularly.

</doc>
<doc id="20704802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704802" title="Balderdash (disambiguation)">
Balderdash (disambiguation)

Balderdash is senseless talk or writing; nonsense, bunk, piffle, poppycock or twaddle (origin: pre-1750).
Balderdash may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20704842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704842" title="Visari">
Visari

The name Visari can refer to two separate articles

</doc>
<doc id="20704905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704905" title="Linda Diane Barnes">
Linda Diane Barnes

L. Diane Barnes obtained her Ph.D. in History at West Virginia University and is an Associate Professor at Youngstown State University. She is the Editor-in-Chief of the academic journal "Ohio History". Dr. Barnes is married to Benjamin Barnes.
She is the author, editor or co-editor of several books:

</doc>
<doc id="20704934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704934" title="The Idea of Perfection">
The Idea of Perfection

The Idea of Perfection is a 1999 novel by Australian author Kate Grenville.

</doc>
<doc id="20704950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704950" title="ARC Resources">
ARC Resources

ARC Resources Ltd. is based in Calgary, Canada and is one of Canada's leading conventional oil and gas companies. Formed in 1996, ARC has grown from 9,566 boe/day to an expected production average of 91,000 to 94,000 boe/day in 2012. As of September 30, 2012 ARC's entreprise value was approximately $8 billion. ARC is a member of the S&P/TSX 60 Index. Previously as ARC Energy Trust, the company operated as a royalty trust from inception in 1996 until December 31, 2010. As a result of the Canadian Government's change in the tax treatment of trusts ARC converted from a trust to a corporation on January 1, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20704952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704952" title="Atli Örvarsson">
Atli Örvarsson

Atli Örvarsson (; born 7 July 1970) is an Icelandic film score composer. Atli's credits include composing and orchestrating music for some of Hollywood's biggest projects, including the Pirates of the Caribbean series, "Angels and Demons", "The Holiday", "The Eagle", "Vantage Point", "Babylon A.D.", "Thick as Thieves", "The Fourth Kind", and "Season of the Witch". Atli's most recent credits include "", "Hansel and Gretel Witch Hunters", "A Single Shot", NBC series "Chicago Fire", and together with Hans Zimmer contributed music to the Zack Snyder Superman reinstallment "Man of Steel".
Originally from the small town of Akureyri, Atli became established in the local music scene at a young age. He earned three platinum and two gold records as a member of the Icelandic band Sálin hans Jóns míns before studying film composing at Berklee College of Music and the University of North Carolina School of the Arts. He excelled in composing and was awarded the Pete Carpenter Fellowship, which brought him to Los Angeles. He began working alongside TV veteran Mike Post on NYPD Blue and three Law and Order brands. Atli soon caught the attention of composer Hans Zimmer, who extended an invitation to join his team at Remote Control Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20704955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704955" title="Thick as Thieves">
Thick as Thieves

Thick as Thieves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20704961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704961" title="Khamag Mongol">
Khamag Mongol

Khamag Mongol (, "lit. "Whole Mongol"") was a major tribal confederation (khanlig) in Mongolian plateau in the 12th century. It is sometimes also considered a predecessor state to the Mongol Empire. 
After the fall of Khitan Liao Dynasty in North China and eastern Mongolia in 1125, the Khamag Mongols began to play an important role in the Mongolian plains. They occupied one of the most fertile lands of the country—the basins of the river Onon, Kherlen and Tuul in the Khentii mountains. The Tayichiud (Cyrillic: Тайчууд) was one of the three core tribes in the Khamag Mongol Khanate of Mongolia during the 12th century and they lived in the southern part of Russian Zabaykalsky Krai. Zabaykalsky Krai and Mongolian Khentii Province were core region of the Khamag Mongol Khanate. Khamag Mongol consisted of the four core clans Khiyad, Taichuud, Jalayir and Jirukhen. 
The first Khan of Khamag Mongol recorded in history is Khabul Khan from Borjigin clan. Khabul Khan successfully repelled the invasions of Jin Dynasty. Khabul Khan was succeeded by Ambaghai Khan from Taichuud clan. Ambagai was captured by the Tatars while he came to deliver his daughter as a bride to the Tatar confederacy and was given to the Jurchens of Jin Dynasty who cruelly executed him. Ambaghai was succeeded by Hotula Khan, a son of Khabul Khan. Hotula Khan was engaged in 13 battles with the Tatars endeavouring to revenge for Ambagai Khan.
Khamag Mongol was unable to elect a Khan after Hotula died, however Khabul's grandson Yesukhei who was a chief of the Khiyad tribe, was an effective and foremost leader of Khamag Mongol. Temujin, the future Genghis Khan, was born into Yesukhei's family as the first son in Deluun Boldog on the upper reaches of the Onon river in 1162.
When young Toghoril asked help from Yesukhei, the ruler of the Khamag Mongol, to dethrone his brothers of the Kereit tribe, the Mongols helped him defeat the Kereit leaders and put him on the throne in early 12th century.
Yesukhei was poisoned by the Tatars in 1170 and shortly after Yesukhei died. However, the Khamag Mongol began to disintegrate after Yesugei's death in 1171. Political anarchy and vacuum of power had lasted until 1189 when Temujin became the Khan of the Khamag Mongol and the war broke out between other Mongol tribes soon. Temujin's friend Jamukha was recognized by the rival tribes as Gur-Khan (the universal ruler) in 1201 but he was defeated by the alliance of Khamag Mongol and Kereit.
When Wang Khan refused to cement the alliance with the Khamag Mongols, Temujin's wars with the clans nearly destroyed him. Temujin united all clans on the Mongolian plateau at last in 1206 when he was regarded as Genghis Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="20704980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704980" title="Heinrich Brandler">
Heinrich Brandler

Heinrich Brandler (1881–1967) was a German communist trade unionist, politician, revolutionary activist, and writer. Brandler is best remember as the head of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) during the party's ill-fated "March Action" of 1921 and aborted uprising of 1923, for which he was held responsible by the Communist International. Expelled from the Communist Party in December 1928, Brandler went on to become co-founder of the Communist Party of Germany Opposition, the first national section of the so-called "International Right Opposition."
Biography.
Early years.
Heinrich Brandler was born July 3, 1881 to an ethnic Austrian working-class family in Varnsdorf, Bohemia, then part of the Austro-Hungarian empire. Heinrich's father, Joseph Brandler, was a bricklayer by trade, and he taught his son the craft from an early age. After completing his elementary education, Heinrich traveled Europe for several years as a journeyman tiler and bricklayer.
Brandler was active in the German trade union movement from 1897. Early in his working career, Brandler was injured in a job-related accident which caused him to walk with a limp for the rest of his life.
Rise to political power.
Brandler joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) in 1901, while living in the city of Hamburg and taking an active part in the leadership of the construction workers' union there. In 1904 he moved to Bremen, where he remained through 1908 as an activist both in union and political affairs. Brandler associated with the left wing of the SPD and was sympathetic to the views of Karl Liebknecht, which often brought him into conflict with more cautious and temperate members of the party and union organizations.
From there, Brandler moved to Zurich, Switzerland, remaining there from 1908 to 1914. While in Switzerland, Brandler worked during the summer building season as a stonemason and further supplemented his income as a socialist lecturer and teacher.
Brandler returned to Germany in 1914, just prior to the outbreak of World War I, settling in Chemnitz as secretary of the building workers' union. Brandler was militant in his opposition to the war, joining the International Group of Rosa Luxemburg and Karl Liebknecht — factional activity which ran him afoul of the SPD leadership and ultimately led to his expulsion from the SPD in 1915, along with Fritz Heckert. Brandler was named the delegate of the International Group to the first Zimmerwald Conference but was stopped by the police at the Swiss border and was unable to attend.
On January 1, 1916, Brandler was a founding member of the Spartacist League, the formal organization springing from the already-existing International Group.
In October 1918, Brandler was arrested for illegal political activities and was temporarily deported from Germany, owing to his Austrian citizenship. He subsequently obtained German nationality status through Gerhard Eisner's government in Bavaria, which allowed his return. Brandler was a founding member of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) in December of that same year. He was elected to the party's National Committee at the organization's 2nd Congress, held in 1919. Brandler thus became one of the few members of the working class itself in the active leadership of the German Communist Party.
Home in Chemnitz, Brandler established a communist newspaper called "Der Kämpfer" (The Fighter) and helped build a powerful local unit of the KPD. He organized workers' councils in Chemnitz immediately after the failure of the ultra-nationalist Kapp Putsch of 1920. On March 15, 1920, Brandler and other Chemnitz communists joined the local social democrats in proclaiming a Soviet government for common defense against the nationalists. This proved to be an ephemeral institution which faded away after a few days when the generals and their government were ousted from Berlin.
He was elected to the governing executive body of the KPD in 1920 and reported to the party's Unification Congress on organizational matters later that year.
Aided by Comintern pressure, Brandler's faction took over leadership of the KPD in 1921, with Brandler replacing Paul Levi as KPD Chairman in February. Brandler was leader of the party during the KPD's ill-fated "March Action" of 1921, a role which placed him on a collision course with civil authorities following the failure of the uprising. In June 1921, Brandler was convicted in a treason trial and sentenced to five years' imprisonment in a fortress. The term was ended abruptly in November of that same year, after which Brandler left for Moscow, where he sat on the Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI) on behalf of the German party. Brandler was elected to the ECCI Presidium at its First Enlarged Plenum in February 1922. Brandler was also active in the affairs of the Red International of Labor Unions (Profintern) during this interval.
Role in the failed 1923 revolution.
Brandler returned to Germany in the August 1922, assuming once again the role of top leader of the German Communist Party, a position temporarily held by factional ally Ernst Meyer. Brandler, Thalheimer, and the KPD "Right" were soon at odds with the party's left wing, chiefly over the issues of the united front and the role of the communists in coalition governments. With respect to the united front, Brandler sought common cause not only with the rank and file but also with the leadership of other workers' parties, while the Left sought to implement a so-called "united front from below" by seeking to work with rank and file members in an attempt to turn them against their leaders. With respect to coalition government, Brandler and the Right deemed it permissible for the Communist Party to enter regional coalition governments with the Social Democrats, while the Left declared that any government not dominated by the Communist Party was unworthy of KPD participation.
At the 8th Congress of the KPD, held in Leipzig on January 28, 1923, Brandler and Thalheimer's faction prevailed over the KPD Left, a group led by Ernst Thaelmann, Arkadi Maslow, and Ruth Fischer. Brandler's faction was the beneficiary of key support from Karl Radek, a top leader of the Communist International. Brandler's position as head of the KPD was solidified and his tactical interpretation of the united front and coalition "workers' government" was affirmed.
The left wing of the KPD believed that a revolutionary situation existed in Germany in 1923 and anxiously pushed for the setting of a date for a general uprising on the Russian Bolshevik model. While giving support to this general idea in the party's councils, in private Brandler seems to have felt that Germany was no yet ripe for a revolution and he sought additional time to win a greater percentage of the German working class to the idea. In September 1923, Brandler returned to Moscow for consultations. At a secret meeting of the Politburo of the Russian Communist Party it was decided, at the insistence of Leon Trotsky, to set November 7, 1923 — the sixth anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution — as the date for the German uprising. Brandler refused to accept the setting of this artificial future date, however, winning agreement that the final date of the uprising should be left to the German Communists themselves.
Brandler returned to Germany with plans for revolution in the offing. In Saxony the Social Democrats governed thanks to supporting votes by Communist delegates in the Landtag. It was understood that the Communists could claim a share of the ministerial portfolios if they so desired. Following Brandler's return, the Communist Party decided to exercise this option, doing the same in Thuringia, where a similar situation existed. It was hoped that the Communists' place in the government would prove useful in course the forthcoming armed uprising. Negotiations began for entry of the Communists into the government. Brandler remained reluctant to set the final date for the revolution, however, arguing that the time was still not ripe and that the masses remained to be mobilized.
On October 1, 1923, a telegram signed by Comintern President Grigory Zinoviev on behalf of the Executive Committee of the Comintern was dispatched to the national committee of the German Communist Party declaring that by its estimate "the decisive moment will come in four, five, six weeks." The Communists were directed to "carry out at once the arming of 50,000 to 60,000 men." This proved to be a fanciful estimate, however, as the party possessed no more than 11,000 rifles and the bulk of its armed forces were far away from Saxony, where the proposed uprising was to be centered.
Exacerbating their weak numbers in terms of men and material, the Communists faced a substantial contingent of Reichswehr, with superior training and armaments, as well as illegal right wing militias. The number of purported sympathizers among the regular officers corps was greatly exaggerated, as was the degree of support for the Communist project among the working class itself.
In 1923, Brandler was responsible for calling off a planned revolutionary uprising following the defection of left-wing Social Democrats from the revolutionary group. An ill-fated uprising continued in Hamburg, conducted when workers were not properly informed of the cancellation of the revolt. Brandler and his close associate August Thalheimer were largely blamed for this debacle by the Comintern and his career as leader of the German Communist movement was effectively ended. He was recalled to the Soviet Union by the Comintern in January 1924, and he remained that country for the best part of the next four years. 
The disgraced Brandler was sent on a party task to Kazakhstan in Soviet Central Asia, where he remained until being partially restored to the Comintern's good graces sometime in 1926. This respite proved to be short-lived. Brandler and his associates were harsh critics of new German Communist Party leader Ernst Thaelmann, an individual stoutly supported by the ever more powerful Russian Communist Party leadership. Brandler again became the object of harsh criticism for factional activity at the 7th Enlarged Plenum of ECCI in the winter of 1926, ending with a specific prohibition of his continuing further work in the German Communist Party.
Expulsion and communist oppositional activities.
In the fall of 1928 an event took place in the Communist Party of Germany which ultimately led to the final break of Brandler and Thalheimer and their supporters. The secretary of the Hamburg organization of the KPD was found to have embezzled 2,000 marks from the party treasury for his own use. When accountants from national party headquarters discovered the crime, they had been threatened with expulsion from the party by party leader Thaelmann if they exposed the theft. The Comintern got wind of the scandal which led to a crisis in the German party with the Central Committee acting to remove Thaelmann, with Thaelmann joining in the unanimous vote.
This presented a threat to the faction of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union headed by Joseph Stalin, who saw in Thaelmann a reliable ally during a time of bitter factional warfare. As a result, the Presidium of the Comintern countermanded the German Central Committee's action, restoring Thaelmann as secretary.
In October 1928 Brandler returned to Germany against the KPD's wishes. The corruption of Thaelmann's Hamburg organization and its protection by the Stalin faction in Moscow was used as a pretext for Brandler and Thalheimer to issue a call for a meeting of their followers on November 11, 1928. 
The Comintern, predictably, reacted with fury. Brandler, Thalheimer, and their associates were bitterly criticized in an open letter from the Comintern on December 19, 1928. Expulsion soon followed, with both Brandler and Thalheimer removed from the Communist Parties of Germany in December 1928 and from the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and the Communist International in January 1929.
Brandler and Thalheimer gathered their supporters into a new organization called the Communist Party of Germany (Opposition) (KPO), a group which was founded at the December 30, 1928 meeting which had originally prompted the wave of expulsions. The group also launched a new communist opposition journal, "Gegen den Storm" (Against the Storm). 
Throughout 1929 the KPD expelled followers of Brandler and Thalheimer, as well as so-called "conciliators" who sought a factional truce between the party's feuding Left and Right. Perhaps 1,000 members of the Communist Party of Germany were affected. These expulsions paralleled similar efforts to purge the Russian Communist Party of followers of Nikolai Bukharin, Alexei Rykov, and Mikhail Tomsky.
The KPO initially conceived of itself as a factional influence group, attempting to change the political line of the Communist Party of Germany rather than a new party in competition with it. The organization held a second conference in November 1929 at which it, in the words of M.N. Roy, "declared unequivocally that between Social Democracy and Communism there is no half-way house." Roy claimed that the KPO had 6,000 dues-paying members and was publishing eight weekly and bi-monthly publications by the fall of 1929, with a combined circulation of 25,000. Brandler was named Secretary of the organization at this time. While the group never met with broad influence or electoral success, it nevertheless became the first as well as one of the most prominent parties to be identified with the so-called "International Right Opposition." 
On January 1, 1930, the KPO attempted to expand its influence even further with the launch of a daily newspaper, "Arbeiterpolitek." Financial problems led it a reduction of frequency, however, and by 1932 the paper was being issued only once a week.
Despite Roy's protestations that the KPO did not constitute an independent political party, it was not long before it had entered the field with its own candidates for office. It ran its own candidates in the December 7, 1929 provincial election in Thuringia, one of the organization's strongholds, although these garnered only 12,000 votes. In other elections, it supported the slate of candidates of the official Communist Party of Germany, including the candidacy of Ernst Thaelmann for President in the election of March 1932.
Brandler and the KPO were strongly in favor of the establishment of a united front against the menace of Nazism and were particularly critical of the Communist Party's conception that "once the Nazis get into power, then will the united front of the proletariat rise and brush them aside." Instead, the KPO called for the immediate formation of a broad anti-fascist alliance including the Social Democratic-controlled trade union federation, the Social Democrats, Communists, and the Socialist Workers' Party of Germany.
Following the rise to power of Adolf Hitler and his ultra-nationalist National Socialist German Workers Party on January 30, 1933 and the wave of anti-radical repression which ensued, Brandler and most of the KPO leadership fled to France. Brandler lived in Paris until the beginning of World War II, where he continued to be involved in communist politics. In 1939 and 1940, Brandler was temporarily interned by the Vichy government and was sent to prison in the south of France. Brandler and Thalheimer fled to Cuba to avoid greater repercussions in 1941.
After Thalheimer's death in 1948, Brandler left Cuba for the United Kingdom, where he attempted to work on writing his memoirs, struggling at the project without success. In 1949 he was able to return to West Germany. Brandler became involved in a new radical opposition organization called the Labor Politics Group and served as its president and editor of its journal, "Gruppe Arbeiterpolitik" (Labor Policy Group), until 1956.
Brandler also corresponded extensively with Isaac Deutscher and aided Deutscher's research on German communism and the Right Opposition.
Death and legacy.
Heinrich Brandler died on September 26, 1967. He was 86 years old at the time of his death. His organisation Gruppe Arbeiterpolitik exists today as one of the few surviving descendants of the Right Opposition current.

</doc>
<doc id="20704990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704990" title="Boulder Dash (disambiguation)">
Boulder Dash (disambiguation)

Boulder Dash is the video-game series.
Boulder Dash may also refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20704993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20704993" title="A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg">
A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg

A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg is a novel for children set in late 18th century Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania written by the American writer Amanda Minnie Douglas (1831–1916).
It opens in 1781 with the news of Lord Cornwallis’ surrender to George Washington as it reaches the Carrick, Bradin, and Duvernay families, pioneers who live near Fort Pitt. The protagonist, Daffodil, is the “little girl” of the title, and the plot primarily is used to illustrate the domestic life of early Pittsburghers. It ends with Daffodil’s marriage and her taking leave of the city. The novel is part of a series (e.g., "A Little Girl in Old Boston", "A Little Girl in Old Philadelphia") that was among the first fiction series for American girls.

</doc>
<doc id="20705008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705008" title="Encrypted Title Key">
Encrypted Title Key

Encrypted Title Key is an encrypted key that belongs to anticopy Advanced Access Content System (AACS). This key is included in the Media Key Block system and is an important part of the content protection process of Blu-ray and HD-DVD contents.
What is it used for?
The main objective of the Encrypted Title Key is to reinforce the discs’ content security during the decryption process of content stored in this media. The content stored in medias like Blu-ray or HD-DVDs is composed and divided in information units called Titles. The owner of the protected contents, divide this information in the form of one or more Titles. It also provides a license to the player, a series of rules called Usage Rules which will be used later on to decrypt the disc information. 
To protect the content, the information units are encrypted using encryption keys called Title Keys. To achieve more security and so that the key obtention process cannot be obtained by player without license, the Title Keys are encrypted giving as a result the Encrypted Title Keys. 
The licensed replicator shall select a secret, random Title Key for each Title to be protected. Each Title Key shall be used to encrypt the content of its corresponding Title, as specified for each supported content format elsewhere in this specification. At the replicator’s discretion, a given Title may be encrypted using the same Title Key for all instances of pre-recorded media, or different Title Keys may be used for different instances.
Decryption Procedure.
So that the players with license can achieve reading the discs’ content, there are some decryption procedures before achieving the reading. The discs have a volume identifier called VID (Volume ID), the Encrypted Title Key and a decryption key (Media Key Block). 
The players have some keys, according to each model, called Device Keys, which are granted by the AACS organization. In the reproduction moment, one of these keys decrypts the contained MKB in the disc and as a result of this process, the Media Key, is obtained.
The Media Key is combined with the VID (Volume ID) and the Volume Unique Key (KVU) is originated so that the decryption of the Encrypted Title Key can finally be done and in consequence the necessary Title Key is obtained to decrypt and reproduce the discs’ content.
To codify the Encrypted Title Key, a codification is made following the next formula:
AES-128E (Kvu, Kt ⊕ Nonce ⊕ AES_H(Volume ID || title_id))
It is possible to demonstrate, with a simple analysis of the formula, that the result is obtained of a combination between the Volume ID and a Title identifier obtained from the Media Key, giving as a result the Kvu (Volume Unique Key).
Decryption Problems.
Although the process of updating all the Title Keys for an application usually takes a very small amount of time (much less than a second), it is a critical time. If the device were to fail during the re-encryption process, the user's content might be lost. To reduce the risk of user loss, recording devices shall begin the reencryption process by renaming the old MKB to a temporary name before writing the new MKB. When the device completes the re-encryption process, it shall delete the temporary MKB. If any recorder discovers a temporary MKB on a piece of media, it is an indication that the encrypted Title Keys might be corrupted. The
device shall perform one of the following protocols to recover the corrupted encrypted Title Keys. Which protocol is chosen depends on where the encrypted Title Keys are stored in the particular application. A device re-encrypting Title Keys as a normal result of updating a recordable MKB shall also use these same
protocols. 
These protocols are:
- Recovery Protocol When the Encrypted Title Keys are in a Separate File:
In this case, the original recording device shall rename the old encrypted Title Keys to a defined temporary
name before beginning to write the new encrypted Title Key File.
-Recovery Protocol When the Encrypted Title Keys are in the Content File:
In the extreme case, each content file contains its own encrypted Title Key. In that case, it is not likely that there
is a temporary version of the encrypted Title Keys.
Where is it located?
The Encrypted Title Keys are located in the Blu-ray and HD-DVDs where there is content to reproduce by the player with license. 
The information stored in the discs is found divided in three different parts: Reading/Writing area, read-only area and protected area.
The Encrypted Title Keys are found in the Reading/Writing area with the Media Key Block, the Usage Rules and the encrypted content.

</doc>
<doc id="20705030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705030" title="David der Tolhildan">
David der Tolhildan

David der Tolhildan is a 2007 documentary film directed by Mano Khalil and produced in Switzerland.
Plot.
David Rouiller, the son of Claude Rouiller a university Professor and a former President of the Swiss Federal Supreme Court, gives up a comfortable lifestyle in Switzerland and commits his life to the ideals of the Kurdish movement. Is he an adventurer, a dreamer, an idealist, a hero? Is his commitment visionary or illusionary? The film, "David the Tolhildan" encourages viewers to confront their own outlook on oppression, respect, human dignity, freedom, and violence. It also provides an impressive, realistic and up-to-date view of the current situation of the Kurdish freedom movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20705037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705037" title="Togliatti surface">
Togliatti surface

In algebraic geometry, a Togliatti surface is a surface of degree five with 31 nodes. The first examples were constructed by . showed that 31 is the maximum possible number of nodes, showing this example to be optimal.

</doc>
<doc id="20705050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705050" title="Catherine Creek">
Catherine Creek

Catherine Creek is a creek in northeastern Oregon, United States. A tributary of the Grande Ronde River, it is the second-longest stream in the Grande Ronde Valley. Originating in the foothills of the Wallowa Mountains, it flows generally northwest through Catherine Creek State Park and the city of Union before joining the river. 
The creek was named for Catherine Godley, a daughter of Thomas and M. E. Godley, who settled near Union in the 19th century. A former variant name for the stream on some maps was Ladd Creek. However, Ladd Creek on more recent maps is a stream flowing generally northeast from hills southeast of La Grande through the Ladd Marsh Game Management Area, joining Gekeler Slough before entering Catherine Creek. Little Creek, a tributary of Catherine Creek, was formerly called Julianna Creek for the Godleys' other daughter.
Course.
Catherine Creek, flowing entirely within Union County, begins at the confluence of North Fork Catherine Creek and South Fork Catherine Creek in the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest. Running generally northwest from the foothills of the Wallowa Mountains along Oregon Route 203, the creek receives Little Catherine Creek from the right before entering Catherine Creek State Park. Continuing northwest through the city of Union, the creek receives Pyles Creek from the left and Little Creek from the right before turning away from the highway. Meandering north across the Grande Ronde Valley, the creek receives Ladd Creek (below its confluence with Gekeler Slough) and McAlister Slough, both from the left, and Mill Creek from the right before entering the Grande Ronde River west of Cove. The larger stream is a tributary of the Snake River.
Recreation.
Catherine Creek is open for catch-and-release fishing for wild steelhead downstream of the Highway 203 bridge above Catherine Creek State Park. Chinook salmon frequent the creek and its forks where they flow through the national forest to about upstream of the state park, but they and the resident bull trout in these streams are protected from fishing. Small wild rainbow trout also inhabit the upper creek and its forks.
Catherine Creek State Park, about from Union, has a public campground, and camping is also permitted at a site in the national forest. The campground at the state park is open from mid-April through October. The park also has picnic areas, restrooms, horseshoe pits, and hiking trails.

</doc>
<doc id="20705108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705108" title="Summation (neurophysiology)">
Summation (neurophysiology)

Summation, also known as frequency summation is the method of signal transduction between neurons, which determines whether or not an action potential will be triggered by the combined effects of postsynaptic potentials. Neurotransmitters emitting from the terminals of a presynaptic neuron fall under one of two categories. Excitatory neurotransmitters produce further depolarization of the postsynaptic cell, while an inhibitory neurotransmitter will mitigate the effects of an excitatory neurotransmitter. While some neurotransmitters are known to predominately produce one of the two responses, they do widely vary and how they vary ultimately depends on the type of channel to which the neurotransmitter receptor is attached.
Neurons can only excite or inhibit other neurons (or bias the excitability of each other through modulatory transmitters). Given these two basic actions, a chain of neurons can produce only a limited response. A pathway can be facilitated by excitatory input; removal of such input constitutes disfacilitation. A pathway may also be inhibited by inhibitory input. Removal of such input constitutes disinhibition, which, if other sources of excitation are present in the inhibitory input, can augment excitation.
When a given target neuron receives inputs from multiple sources, those inputs can be spatially summated if the inputs arrive closely enough in time before the influence of each has decayed. If a target neuron receives input from a single axon terminal and that input occurs repeatedly at short intervals, the inputs will summate temporally.
Background.
The nervous system first began to be encompassed within the scope of general physiological studies in the late 1800s, when Charles Sherrington began to test the electrical properties of neurons. His main contributions to neurophysiology involved the study of the knee-jerk reflex and the inferences he made between the two reciprocal forces of excitation and inhibition. He postulated that the site of this modulatory response occurs at the intercellular space of a unidirectional pathway of neural circuits. He first introduced the possible role of evolution and neural inhibition with his suggestion that “higher centers of the brain inhibit the excitatory functions of the lower centers”.
One of Katz's seminal findings, in studies carried out with Paul Fatt in 1951, was that spontaneous changes in muscle cell membrane potential occur even without the stimulation of the presynaptic motor neuron. These spikes in potential are similar to action potentials except that they are much smaller typically less than 1 mV, and were thus called miniature end plate potentials (MEPPs). In 1954, the introduction of the first electron microscopic images of postsynaptic terminals revealed that these MEPPs were created by synaptic vesicles carrying neurotransmitters. This sporadic release of quantal amounts of neurotransmitter leads to the vesicle hypothesis by Katz and del Castillo, which attributes quantization of transmitter release to its association with synaptic vesicles. This indicated to Katz that action potential generation can be triggered by the summation of these individual units, each equivalent to an MEPP.
Types.
At any given moment, a neuron may receive postsynaptic potentials from thousands of other neurons. Whether or not threshold is reached, and an action potential generated, depends upon the spatial (i.e. from multiple neurons) and temporal (from a single neuron) summation of all inputs at that moment. It is traditionally thought that the closer a synapse is to the cell body of a neuron, the greater the influence on the final summation. This is because postsynaptic potentials travel through dendrites which contain a low concentration of voltage-gated ion channels. Therefore, the postsynaptic potential attenuates by the time it reaches the neuron cell body. The neuron cell body acts as a computer by integrating (adding or summing up) the incoming potentials. The net potential is then transmitted to the axon hillock, where the action potential is initiated. Another factor that should be considered is the summation of excitatory and inhibitory synaptic inputs. The spatial summation of an inhibitory input will nullify an excitatory input. This widely observed effect is called inhibitory 'shunting' of EPSPs. 
Spatial summation.
Spatial summation is a way of achieving an action potential in a neuron with input from multiple presynaptic cells. Spatial summation is the algebraic summation of potentials from different areas of input, usually on the dendrites. Summation of excitatory postsynaptic potentials allows the potential to reach the threshold to generate an action potential, whereas summation of an inhibitory postsynaptic potentials can prevent the cell from achieving an action potential.
Temporal summation.
Temporal summation is where a high frequency of action potentials in the presynaptic neuron elicits postsynaptic potentials that overlap and summate with each other. The effect is generated by a single neuron as a way of achieving action potential. Duration of the postsynaptic potentials are a longer duration than the interval between action potentials. The cell membrane is a capacitor and therefore the membrane has a time constant which prevents rapid changes in the membrane potential. If the time constant is sufficiently long, as is the case for the cell body, then the amount of summation is increased. The amplitude of the previous potential at the point where the second begins will algebraically summate, generating a potential that is overall larger than the individual potentials. This allows the potential to reach the threshold to generate an action potential.
Mechanism.
Neurotransmitters bind to receptors which open or close ion channels in the postsynaptic cell creating postsynaptic potentials (PSPs). These potentials alter the chances of an action potential occurring in a postsynaptic neuron. PSPs are deemed excitatory if they increase the probability that an action potential will occur, and inhibitory if they decrease the chances.
Glutamate as an excitatory example.
The neurotransmitter glutamate, for example, is predominantly known to trigger excitatory postsynaptic potentials (EPSPs). Experimental manipulation can cause the release of the glutamate through the non-tetanic stimulation of a presynaptic neuron. Glutamate then binds to AMPA receptors contained in the postsynaptic membrane causing the influx of positively charged sodium atoms. This inward flow of sodium leads to a short term depolarization of the postsynaptic neuron and an EPSP. While a single depolarization of this kind may not have much of an effect on the postsynaptic neuron, repeated depolarizations caused by high frequency stimulation can lead to EPSP summation and to surpassing the threshold potential.
GABA as an inhibitory example.
In contrast to glutamate, the neurotransmitter GABA mainly functions to trigger inhibitory postsynaptic potentials (IPSPs). The binding of GABA to a postsynaptic receptor causes the opening of ion channels that either cause an influx of negatively charged chloride ions into the cell or an efflux of positively charged potassium ions out of the cell. The effect of these two options is the hyperpolarization of the postsynaptic cell, or IPSP. Summation with other IPSPs and contrasting EPSPs determines whether the postsynaptic potential will reach threshold and cause an action potential to fire in the postsynaptic neuron.
EPSP and depolarization.
As long as the membrane potential is below threshold for firing impulses, the membrane potential can summate inputs. That is, if the neurotransmitter at one synapse causes a small depolarization, a simultaneous release of transmitter at another synapse located elsewhere on the same cell body will summate to cause a larger depolarization. This is called spatial summation and is complemented by temporal summation, wherein successive releases of transmitter from one synapse will cause progressive polarization change as long as the presynaptic changes occur faster than the decay rate of the membrane potential changes in the postsynaptic neuron. Neurotransmitter effects last several times longer than presynaptic impulses, and thereby allow summation of effect. thus, the EPSP differs from action potentials in a fundamental way: it summates inputs and expresses a graded response, as opposed to the all-or-none response of impulse discharge.
IPSP and hyperpolarization.
At the same time that a given postsynaptic neuron is receiving and summating excitatory neurotransmitter, it may also be receiving conflicting messages that are telling it to shut down firing. These inhibitory influences (IPSPs) are mediated by inhibitory neurotransmitter systems that cause postsynaptic membranes to hyperpolarize. Such effects are generally attributed to the opening of selective ion channels that allow either intracellular potassium to leave the postsynaptic cell or to allow extracellular chloride to enter. In either case, the net effect is to add to the intracellular negativity and move the membrane potential farther away from the threshold for generating impulses.
EPSPs, IPSPs, and algebraic processing.
When EPSPs and IPSPs are generated simultaneously in the same cell, the output response will be determined by the relative strengths of the excitatory and inhibitory inputs. Output instructions are thus determined by this algebraic processing of information. Because the discharge threshold across a synapse is a function of the presynaptic volleys that act upon it, and because a given neuron may receive branches from many axons, the passage of impulses in a network of such synapses can be highly varied. The versatility of the synapse arises from its ability to modify information by algebraically summing input signals. The subsequent change in stimulation threshold of the postsynaptic membrane can be enhanced or inhibited, depending on the transmitter chemical involved and the ion permeabilities. Thus the synapse acts as a decision point at which information converges, and it is modified by algebraic processing of EPSPs and IPSPs. In addition to the IPSP inhibitory mechanism, there is a presynaptic kind of inhibition that involves either a hyperpolarization on the inhibited axon or a persistent depolarization; whether it is the former or the latter depends on the specific neurons involved.
Current research.
The microelectrodes used by Katz and his contemporaries pale in comparison to the technologically advanced recording techniques available today. Spatial summation began to receive a lot of research attention when techniques were developed that allowed the simultaneous recording of multiple loci on a dendritic tree. A lot of experiments involve the use of sensory neurons, especially optical neurons, because they are constantly incorporating a ranging frequency of both inhibitory and excitatory inputs. Modern studies of neural summation focus on the attenuation of postsynaptic potentials on the dendrites and the cell body of a neuron.
Potential therapeutic applications.
Regarding nociceptive stimulation, spatial summation is the ability to integrate painful input from large areas while temporal summation refers to the ability of integrating repetitive nociceptive stimuli. Widespread and long lasting pain are characteristics of many chronic pain syndromes. This suggests that both spatial and temporal summations are important in chronic pain conditions. Indeed, through pressure stimulation experiments, it has been shown that spatial summation facilitates temporal summation of nociceptive inputs, specifically pressure pain. Therefore targeting both spatial and temporal summation mechanisms simultaneously can benefit treatment of chronic pain conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20705119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705119" title="Margareta Teodorescu">
Margareta Teodorescu

Margareta Teodorescu (13 April 1932, Bucharest – 22 January 2013) was a Romanian chess player who holds the FIDE Woman Grandmaster title (1985). 
She won the Romanian Women's Championship in 1959, 1968, 1969 and 1974. Played for Romania in the Women's Chess Olympiad of 1957, 1963 and 1974, winning the team silver medals in both 1957 and 1974.
She came in 15th in the Women's Candidates Tournament (Sukhumi, 1964).
Her highest ranking in the FIDE Top Women list appears to be 35-37 in the July 1972 list (Elo 2165).

</doc>
<doc id="20705131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705131" title="Eremosyne">
Eremosyne

Eremosyne pectinata, the sole species in the genus Eremosyne, is an annual herb endemic to the south coast of Western Australia.
Taxonomy.
Historically it was placed in the Saxifragaceae family. It was placed in its own family, Eremosynaceae, under the Cronquist system; later merged into Escalloniaceae; before being restored to Eremosynaceae in the APG II system. Recent studies have confirmed its affinity with Escalloniaceae, and the Angiosperm Phylogeny Website now includes it in that family.
Distribution and habitat.
"E. pectinata" is largely confined to the Warren region of the Southwest Botanic Province of Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20705160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705160" title="Mongol invasion of Anatolia">
Mongol invasion of Anatolia

Mongol invasion of Anatolia may refer to one of the following events and historical periods

</doc>
<doc id="20705163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705163" title="Elinor Smith">
Elinor Smith

Elinor Smith (August 17, 1911 – March 19, 2010) was a pioneering American aviator, once known as "The Flying Flapper of Freeport". She was the first woman test pilot for both Fairchild and Bellanca (now AviaBellanca). She was the youngest licensed pilot in the world at 16.
Early life.
Smith was born Elinor Regina Patricia Ward (her actor father changed his name to Tom Smith, thus she became Elinor Smith) in New York City and grew up in Freeport, Long Island, New York. Her mother had been a professional singer, but had retired from performing when she got married. Her father was a comedian, singer and dancer. He toured extensively (including to Great Britain and France) in the role of the Scarecrow in a stage production of "The Wizard of Oz" and was a star of the Orpheum Circuit. He wrote his own material for his vaudeville act, and in the 1920s would go on to write comedy bits for Broadway shows as well.
Aviation career.
Early flying experience.
In 1918, at the age of six, along with her brother Joe, she took her first plane ride in a Farman pusher that took off from a potato patch near Hicksville on her native Long Island. She immediately fell in love with flying, and took numerous rides that summer with the same French pilot, Louis Gaubert. At the age of 10, she began receiving flying lessons from Clyde Pangborn who tied blocks to the rudder pedals so Elinor’s feet could reach.
Stunt flying under New York bridges.
Up to this point, she and her family had deliberately kept publicity to a minimum, in order to allow her to hone her flying skills without the distraction of public attention. This would soon change. In mid-October 1928, on a dare, she flew a Waco 10 under all four of New York City's East River bridges; according to the Cradle of Aviation Museum, she is the only person ever to do so. By her own account at the time, she first reconnoitered the route from above the bridges; nonetheless, she had to dodge several ships. Although she did not know it in advance, newsreel crews were there to film her at each bridge: the Curtiss Field regulars had been betting heavily on whether or not she could really do it, and those who were betting on her side had alerted the media so that there would be clear evidence on film that it was, indeed, her at the controls of the plane. By her own account, the only sanction she received for the unauthorized stunt was a 10-day "grounding" by the city of New York, with Mayor James J. Walker interceding on her behalf to prevent any actual suspension of her license by the United States Department of Commerce. A request for Elinor’s autograph accompanied the Department’s letter of reprimand.
Breaking records.
Endurance records.
Numerous other feats followed close on. Until late 1928, there was no established women's flying endurance record; Smith decided to establish one, but was beaten to it. On December 20, Viola Gentry flew for eight hours, six minutes. As far as Smith was concerned, all that did was to establish a tangible target, one that Red Devereaux said Smith could break "standing on head." However, before Smith could finish her preparations, on January 2, 1929, Evelyn "Bobbi" Trout, flying in California, upped the record to 12 hours. Under FAI rules, endurance records had to be broken by a full hour. 
In late January 1929, it became clear that Gentry was ready to have another go at the record. In the depths of a rough New York winter, Smith judged that Roosevelt Field was in no state for a heavily loaded takeoff. With some difficulty, she obtained permission to use the military's nearby Mitchel Field. On January 30, flying an open cockpit Bruner Winkle biplane on a day when the temperature was , Smith set a women's solo endurance record of 13½ hours. Her plan was to fly through the night and land in daylight: unbeknownst to those around her, although she had often landed at dusk she had never done a true night landing before. However, the effect of the cold and on both her body and that of her aircraft forced her down. By her own account, she managed to land with a heavy remaining load of fuel only due to the good fortune of being able to follow in Jimmy Doolittle, who had seen her fire her Véry pistol. No one on the ground had seen the flare, so the runway lights had not been turned on. Upon landing she promised herself "never again to display this blend of incompetence and arrogance."
The next day, Gentry crashed on takeoff while attempting to better Smith's achievement; Gentry was unharmed, but her plane was damaged. Bobbi Trout took back the endurance record with a 17-hour flight on February 10–11, but three months later, in April 1929, Smith smashed that record, soloing 26½ hours in a Bellanca CH monoplane. That flight also made her the first woman ever to pilot such a large and powerful aircraft.
Speed record.
The following month she set a woman's world speed record of in a Curtiss military aircraft. In June 1929 the parachute-maker Irving Parachute Company, hired her to tour the United States, flying a Bellanca Pacemaker on a tour of the United States, making the 18-year-old Smith the first female Executive Pilot. On this tour, at the air races in Cleveland, Ohio, she was the pilot for an unprecedented seven-man parachute drop.
Endurance with mid-air refueling.
Also in 1929, flying out of Metropolitan Airport (now Van Nuys Airport) in Los Angeles, she and Bobbi Trout (who functioned as co-pilot) set the first official women's record for endurance with mid-air refueling. They were aloft 42½ hours in a Sunbeam biplane powered by a 300-horsepower J-6 Wright engine. Smith did the contact flying while Trout handled the fueling hoses. Their refueling craft, a Curtiss Pigeon with a Liberty L-12 engine, was piloted by Paul Whittier with Pete Reinhart handling the hose. Smith and Trout were hoping for a record of at least 100 hours, and shooting for 164 hours (a week), but this was not to be. The two craft were not terribly well suited to the task at hand. The Pigeon was chosen for its large cargo capacity to carry fuel, but it was an outdated aircraft with a temperamental engine for which spare parts were not easily obtained. In refueling position, the Pigeon's pilot could not see the Sunbeam at all, so there was no way to signal about any engine problems that would mean sudden loss of altitude. The Sunbeam was not a notably stable aircraft: in Smith's words, "it had to be flown every single minute with the concentration of a test flight." Furthermore, the two craft were terribly mismatched in terms of velocity: whenever they were refueling, the Pigeon had to fly near its top speed while the Sunbeam slowed down to just above its stalling speed.
The first attempt at the record nearly ended in disaster around the 12-hour mark. During refueling near Catalina Island, sudden turbulence wrested the hose from Trout's hands, covering her in airplane fuel, while at the other end of the hose Reinhart was left bleeding from cuts. Both planes made it successfully back to Metropolitan Airport, and no one was seriously hurt. A series of additional attempts lasted between 10 and 18 hours; the weak link each time was keeping the Pigeon's engine running. Finally, in late November 1929, with the rainy season approaching, enough of the right factors fell into place to allow them to set a meaningful record, albeit a more modest one than they had originally intended. For completely unexplained reasons, the Sunbeam flew better than usual; the Pigeon's Liberty engine made it through 36 hours, although when it did fail it was dramatic, and forced the refueling craft into an emergency landing with its hose trailing. Smith and Trout flew the Sunbeam nearly dry, stretching their flight out to exactly 42½ hours.
Altitude record.
In March 1930 she added almost to the world altitude record, flying to a height of . Her articulate performance in an NBC broadcast interview shortly after that flight won her a position as a broadcaster covering the world of aviation, including live broadcasts from air shows and interviews with other prominent aviators. In May 1930, still before her 19th birthday, she became the youngest pilot ever granted a Transport License by the U.S. Department of Commerce. In October 1930 a poll of licensed pilots selected her as the "Best Woman Pilot in America".
In March 1931, flying out of Roosevelt Field on Long Island, she attempted to set the world altitude record, again flying a 6-seater Bellanca. Her altitude of gave her back the women's record, and demonstrated the over-the-weather capability of the Bellanca, but fell just short of the overall world record. The flight nearly ended in calamity. Somewhere over she lost consciousness, the fuel line froze, and the engine stalled out. The plane went into a glide. Smith regained consciousness at about , and managed to guide the plane in with an only intermittently useful engine.
Later years.
The Great Depression scrubbed her hopes of a non-stop solo trans-Atlantic flight in a Lockheed Vega, though she continued for several years to be a prominent stunt flyer, performing numerous fund-raisers for the homeless and needy. In 1934, Smith became the third person—and first woman—to be pictured on a Wheaties box.
She met and married New York State legislator and attorney Patrick H. Sullivan, nephew of Tammany leader Timothy "Big Tim" Sullivan. She kept flying for a while after their 1933 marriage, but once she had a child she retired from flying and spent over 20 years as a suburban housewife, ultimately bearing and raising four children.
Patrick Sullivan died in 1956, and Elinor Smith returned to the air. Her membership in the Air Force Association allowed her to pilot the T-33 Shooting Star Jet Trainer and to take up C-119s for paratroop maneuvers. In March 2000 at the Ames Research Center, Moffett Federal Airfield, California, as the pilot with an all-woman crew, she took on NASA's Space Shuttle vertical motion simulator, and became the oldest pilot to succeed in a simulated shuttle landing. In April 2001, at the age of 89, she flew an experimental C33 Raytheon AGATE, Beech Bonanza at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia.
Smith died on March 19, 2010, in Palo Alto, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20705164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705164" title="Devil's Canyon (Canadian County, Oklahoma)">
Devil's Canyon (Canadian County, Oklahoma)

Devil's Canyon in Canadian County, Oklahoma was designated a National Natural Landmark in December 1974. It was identified as having several different mesic plants in a diverse environment of oak woodland/tall prairie grass and eastern deciduous forest. It is privately owned.

</doc>
<doc id="20705199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705199" title="Boliviana de Aviación">
Boliviana de Aviación

Boliviana de Aviación or simply called BoA is the state-owned national flag carrier airline of Bolivia along with private airline AeroSur. It was established by the Bolivian Government under the president Evo Morales, replacing the troubled Lloyd Aéreo Boliviano as flag carrier.
The airline is headquartered in Cochabamba and its main hub is Jorge Wilstermann International Airport. As of 2007 details of the airline's proposed fleet have not been released. 
Initially, the airline began flying domestic routes but it expanded to international destinations after eight months of its foundation in 2007. The government says that it aims to "democratize air transport in Bolivia" through the airline, although also says that it will operate under commercial conditions and without subsidies. The company's General Manager Ronald Casso, who was appointed by the President of Bolivia will hold office for a five-year term.
Boliviana de Aviación operates a fleet of Boeing aircraft serving a comprehensive domestic network reaching all the main centers of population as well as international flights within Latin America.
The airline is currently undergoing a rapid expansion, supported by the government. It recently incorporated a Boeing 737-300 to its fleet and also plans to open new routes for 2011 which include Caracas, Havana, Lima and Santiago.
Brief History.
Boliviana de Aviación BoA was created by means of the Supreme Decree Nº 29318 of October 24, 2007 like a Strategic National Public enterprise, under the order of the Ministry of Public Works and the Ministry of Services and Housing. It is supported with articles of association approved by means of Supreme Decree Nº 29482 of March 19, 2008. 
The airline's principal intention is to provide the State a direct mechanism of execution of the aeronautical politics and the democratization of the air transport in Bolivia.
It was established by the Bolivian Government under the president Evo Morales, replacing the troubled Lloyd Aéreo Boliviano as flag carrier.
The president remembered that the state-owned airline was created to attend the country in emergency situations, like the bankruptctcy of the former flag carrier Lloyd Aéreo Boliviano (LAB), leaving hundreds of unemployed people.
BoA's inaugural flight was made on 29 March 2009 connecting the cities of La Paz, Cochabamba and Santa Cruz de la Sierra.
Expansion.
Boliviana de Aviación (BoA) is currently undergoing a rapid expansion. In a little time, the airline received the title of flag carrier, along with AeroSur. This fact generated a strong competence among the two airlines. The main reason that generated BoA's success is the strong support and effort by the government.
Route expansion.
In less than three months of operations (after its inaugural flight), Boliviana de Aviación extended its domestic network serving the city of Tarija. In a gradual time the airline expects to extend its services to the principal cities in Bolivia to consolidate its presence in the national market. The inaugural flight to Tarija was made from El Alto International Airport.
Boliviana de Aviación operates a comprehensive network of scheduled domestic flights, covering all the principal cities of Bolivia. However the airline's fast growth allowed BoA to commence operating international routes.
On 14 May 2010, Boliviana de Aviación received all the operative authorizations for flying internationally inaugurating its first international flight from Cochabamba to Buenos Aires.
On November 2010, the airline inaugurated its second international destination: São Paulo.
BoA currently offers six weekly frequencies to Buenos Aires and three trips to São Paulo, which will be extended to five frequencies.
Boliviana de Aviación also plans to open new routes for 2011: Caracas (Venezuela), Havana (Cuba), Lima (Perú) and Santiago (Chile).
Fleet expansion.
Boliviana de Aviación started operations with only two Boeng 737-300s.
The President anticipated that to consolidate this state company, like the biggest and youngest of Bolivia, this year Boliviana de Aviación will acquire a sixth airplane.
Financial and operational performance.
On 29 March 2009, Boliviana of Aviación (Boa) made its inaugural flight. To almost a year of the fact, the participation of the state company in the regular aeronautical market came to a close of 50% and his utilities to some US$2.2 million. Some domestic networks have been dominated by the services of BoA. Most of the airline's financial success is due to the 10% reduction of all its fares in domestic flights compared with AeroSur.
Since 2010, the airline began taking leadership in some domestic routes, in decline of the private flag carrier AeroSur.
According to the Authority of Inspection and Social control of Transport and Telecommunications (ATT), Boliviana de Aviación achieved the passengers' biggest quantity in three routes: 
Destinations.
Boliviana de Aviación serves several cities in Bolivia and also operates international flights in Latin America. The airline operates flights to the following destinations (as of February 2014):
Special flights.
Boliviana de Aviación also operates special flights to the following cities:
Fleet.
The fleet of Boliviana de Aviación includes the following aircraft as of 9 June 2013:
Antonov An-148.
The Bolivian Government and the Russian ambassador are negotiating the acquisition of the Antonov An-148 for official and civil uses. Bolivia is interested in acquiring 8 planes, one as the presidential carrier and 7 to the state-owned airlines which are Boliviana de Aviación and Transporte Aéreo Militar. According to the negotiation, BoA would receive 4 planes and TAM 3 planes of this type.
However, the negotiation depends on the cooperative advances between the Bolivian and Russian governments as regards a credit for US$250 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20705227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705227" title="André Ntagerura">
André Ntagerura

André Ntagerura (born 2 June 1950) is a Rwandan politician. He is chiefly known for having been accused and acquitted of having a role in the Rwandan Genocide.
Born in Rwanda of Hutu ethnicity, Ntagerura pursued formal education in Quebec, Canada.
Ntagerura held a number of portfolios in the government of Juvénal Habyarimana from 1977 to 1994. During the 1994 genocide, he was the Minister of Transport and Communications and a leading member of the MRND party which then held power. He was alleged to have coordinated the genocide conducted by Interahamwe militia through his party connections.
Ntagerura was detained with Colonel Théoneste Bagosora, in Yaoundé, Cameroon, and appeared before the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, where he was acquitted of all charges on 25 February 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20705253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705253" title="Estate liquidation">
Estate liquidation

An estate liquidation is similar to an estate sale in that the main concern or goal is to liquidate the estate (home, garage, sheds and yard) with an estate sale organization while also often adding the contents of a safe deposit box or more, family heirlooms too valuable to be left within the constraints of the family home, real estate, cars, boats, and other transportation including but not limited to motor homes and RVs, animals, livestock and whatever other assets the estate may encompass. 
While it is necessary in most states that a realtor be present to write up the documents for the sale of real land, most other items do not require any other license or permit other than the local licenses needed to run a business in that city, county or state where the liquidation is taking place. Oftentimes the family will retain a lawyer to oversee the process of liquidation and to keep the system straight on legalities of stocks and bonds being traded, investments liquidated and any real property changing hands legally. 
Estate liquidations happen mostly like estate sales, with the liquidators making the home and items to be sold ready for a public sale. Most liquidators will charge a commission of a percentage of the net profit.
Differences from estate sales.
The main differences between an estate liquidation and a mere estate sale is the sphere of inclusion which in a liquidation can expand to stocks, bonds, real property, fine jewelry, coin collections and fine art. Often an estate liquidation is accompanied by realtors, attorneys, CPAs, and appraisers, while an estate sale can be done by anyone with knowledge of value of household items and collectibles in question.

</doc>
<doc id="20705261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705261" title="Thine Is the Glory">
Thine Is the Glory

"Thine Is the Glory: A Novel of America's Golden Triangle" is the debut novel of the American writer Samuel A. Schreiner, Jr. 
Set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, it is a multi-generational saga set against the rise of an industrial city from the mid-19th century until World War II. The protagonist is Scott Shallenberger Stewart, who begins as a country boy and ends among the roster of "the lords of creation"—Andrew Carnegie, Henry Clay Frick, Andrew W. Mellon, George Westinghouse, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20705284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705284" title="Eugenio Giuseppe Togliatti">
Eugenio Giuseppe Togliatti

Eugenio Giuseppe Togliatti (3 November 1890 – 5 October 1977), brother of Palmiro Togliatti, was the Italian mathematician who discovered Togliatti surfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="20705313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705313" title="Christian Gerlach">
Christian Gerlach

Hans Christian Gerlach is professor of Modern History at the University of Bern. Gerlach is also Associate Editor of the "Journal of Genocide Research" and author of multiple books dealing with the Hunger Plan, Holocaust and genocide. These include ""Krieg, Ernährung, Volkermord: Forschungen zur Deutschen Vernichtungspolitik im Zweiten Weltkrieg"" (1998); ""Kalkulierte Morde: die Deutsche Wirtschafts- und Vernichtungspolitik in Weissrussland 1941 bis 1944"" (1999); ""Das letzte Kapitel"" (co-authored with and Götz Aly in 2002); and ""Sur la conférence de Wannsee"" (2002).
Gerlach's article, ""Extremely Violent Societies: An Alternative to the Concept of Genocide"" has been the subject of great debate among scholars of genocide and violence. In the article, Gerlach challenges the model utilized in trying to understand genocide. Gerlach has previously stirred intense debate among Holocaust historians with his thesis surrounding December 12, 1941 as the date on which Adolf Hitler made the decision to annihilate the Jews of Europe.
Gerlach is also known by his highly critical attitude towards the national conservative resistance in National Socialist Germany. According to Gerlach, the resistance offered by officers such as Claus von Stauffenberg and Henning von Tresckow, who were responsible for the famous assassination attempt on Hitler on 20 July 1944, was insincere, and in fact- Tresckow and many other resistance fighters were heavily implicated in national socialist war crimes However, Gerlach's thesis was severely criticized by a number of scholars, among them Peter Hoffmann from McGill University and Klaus Jochen Arnold from the Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung. Recently, Danny Orbach, a Harvard based historian and PhD candidate, had argued that Gerlach's reading of the sources is highly skewed, and at times- diametrically opposed to what they really say. In one case, according to Orbach, Gerlach had falsely paraphrased the memoir of the resistance fighter Colonel Rudolf Christoph Freiherr von Gersdorff, and in another case, quoted misleadingly from an SS document. Hence, Orbach concludes that Gerlach's thesis on the German resistance is highly unreliable.

</doc>
<doc id="20705358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705358" title="Justin Smith (American actor)">
Justin Smith (American actor)

Justin Smith is an American actor who is best known for his roles on the CBS daytime drama As The World Turns, the 2008 20th Century Fox hit Meet The Spartans and Lifetime networks Army Wives. He has appeared in numerous films since 2002 working alongside acting veterans like James Gandolfini, John Travolta, Al Lewis (Grandpa Munster), Alan Thicke and Kevin Sorbo. Justin is also trained in stunts and has performed them both on stage and television.
Justin began acting in Florida where he grew up. When he was just eleven years old he started in the theatre then fell in love with television and film when he worked on his first feature in 2002 called Night Terror. Night Terror, unfortunately, was screen legend Al Lewis' last film. Justin gained recognition overseas when in 2005 he starred in The Silent Fall. The Silent Fall, filmed in South Africa, is set in motion after the brutal murder of a South African doctor who is on the brink of discovering a break through generic AIDS drug and focuses on the many harsh realities of life in South Africa. In 2008 Justin completed work on a lead role in the indie feature, The Tenant, starring Bill Cobbs and Michael Berryman. Justin received national attention when he hosted on The WB and the nationally syndicated Daily Buzz for 3 years interviewing celebrities like Vin Diesel, Joan Cusack and Nicolas Cage. Justin continues to work today between Florida and California.

</doc>
<doc id="20705359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705359" title="Pod (amp modeler)">
Pod (amp modeler)

Pod is a series of digital guitar amplifier modelers from Line 6. Pods are designed to digitally simulate amplifiers. Most Pods also include cabinet models, and all Pods include effects models. All Pod variants include headphone ports and recording ports, and can be used to feed a signal into an amp or directly into a PA system. Some variants include USB for direct recording interface with a computer.
Famous POD users include Dino Cazares of Fear Factory (who was one of the first professional users), Weezer, Meshuggah, Tosin Abasi of Reflux and Animals as Leaders, and Misha "Bulb" Mansoor of Periphery.
Product models and variants.
Stage.
The Floor POD and Live series are variants of the standard PODs designed for live stage performance. They are similar in appearance to an effects pedal combined with a simplified mixing console.

</doc>
<doc id="20705388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705388" title="Friedrich Bohndorff">
Friedrich Bohndorff

Friedrich Bohndorff (August 16, 1848, Plau am See, Mecklenburg-Schwerin - after 1894) was a German researcher and ornithologist.
Initially apprenticed as a goldsmith, Bohndorff embarked on a journey in 1871 to Egypt, where he spent a few years learning Arabic in Cairo. In 1880 he participated on an expedition to the African interior under the leadership of Wilhelm Junker (1840–1892). The expedition was a continuation of scientific exploration and research began by Georg August Schweinfurth (1836–1925) several years earlier. Here, the group entered regions inhabited by the Mangbetu and Azande peoples. In 1892, his northward return on the Nile was delayed by the Mahdi uprising, forcing him to spend more than a year in the Bahr al-Ghazal region in southern Sudan.
In 1889 Bohndorff served as a dragoman of the "Schutztruppe" under Hermann von Wissmann (1853–1905) in German East Africa, and from 1892 lived and worked in Berlin. In Africa, he discovered and described a number of insect species, as well as ornithological species and subspecies. He has a handful of avian subspecies named after him, including "Anthus leucophrys bohndorffi" (Congo plain-backed pipit) and "Ploceus cucullatus bohndorffi" (a village weaver subspecies).

</doc>
<doc id="20705435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705435" title="Here's Lee Morgan">
Here's Lee Morgan

"Here's Lee Morgan" is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan originally released on the Vee-Jay label. It was recorded on February 8, 1960 and features performances by Morgan with Clifford Jordan, Wynton Kelly, Paul Chambers and Art Blakey.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The music is good solid hard bop that finds Lee Morgan (already a veteran at age 21) coming out of the Clifford Brown tradition to display his own rapidly developing style. Matched with Clifford Jordan on tenor, pianist Wynton Kelly, bassist Paul Chambers and drummer Art Blakey, Morgan's album could pass for a Jazz Messengers set.".

</doc>
<doc id="20705452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705452" title="Sua Ghin Gnua">
Sua Ghin Gnua

Sua Ghin Gnua is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Thailand, formerly known as Siam. Another name for the game is Tigers and Oxen. It is a hunt game played on a 5x5 square grid with only orthogonal lines. One player plays the three tigers, and the other player plays the twelve oxen. The board is empty in the beginning. Players first drop their pieces onto the board, and then are able to move them. The tigers can capture by the short leap method as in draughts and Alquerque, but the oxen attempt to elude and at the same time hem in the tiger. Although Sua Ghin Gnua is played on a 5x5 square grid, it cannot be classified with the more common hunt games such as the tiger games, leopard games, and Fox games. The 5x5 square grid is not an Alquerque board since it is missing the diagonal lines, and therefore, Sua Ghin Gnua is not a tiger game. It is also neither a leopard game or a Fox game since the leopard game boards are triangular, and the Fox game boards have a cross pattern. It therefore can be assumed that Sua Ghin Gnua may belong to a lesser known subfamily of hunt games with only orthogonal lines. Another game that may fit into this subfamily is a game from Myanmar called Tiger and Buffaloes. Myanmar happens to border Thailand geographically. Another game from Myanmar is Lay Gwet Kyah that is presumed to be similar to Sua Ghin Gnua. Perhaps some versions of Catch the Hare from Europe and the Americas may fit into this subfamily as well. Sua Ghin Gnua was described by the game historian, R.C. Bell, in his book "Board and Table Games from Many Civilizations" (1969) on page 42. 
Goal.
The three tigers win if they capture enough of the oxen so that the oxen cannot effectively block and immobilize their movements.
The oxen win if they block and immobilize all three tigers.
Equipment.
A 5x5 square grid is used consisting of twenty-five intersection points. The square grid consist only of orthogonal lines, that is, there are no diagonal lines. It is not an Alquerque board. There are three tiger pieces that are black, and twelve oxen pieces that are white.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide who will play the Tiger, and who will play the Oxen. The Tigers have three black tiger pieces, and the Oxen have twelve white oxen pieces. 
2. The board is empty in the beginning. Players first drop their pieces onto the board. R.C. Bell unfortunately did not describe in detail how they are dropped onto the board. In some other hunt games, the Oxen would probably start first dropping one oxen onto the board, and then the Tiger would drop one tiger onto a vacant point on the board, with both players continuing dropping their pieces in this fashion alternating their turns. Obviously, with this method, the Tiger would stop dropping its pieces much earlier compared to the Oxen since the Tiger only has three pieces. After all three tigers have been dropped, then the tigers can move and capture. Similarly, after the Oxen has dropped its twelve pieces (which will end in twelve turns), the oxen can then move. Another method that could be employed is the one used in the Myanmar game of Tiger and Buffaloes. The Oxen would start first and drop four of its pieces, and then the Tiger would drop one of its pieces. Then the Oxen would drop another four pieces, and then the Tiger would drop another tiger piece. Then the Oxen would drop its remaining four oxen, and then Tiger would drop its remaining one tiger. However the game is truly played, players can decide among themselves how to fairly start the game.
3. Both tigers and oxen move (in any direction) along a line onto a vacant adjacent point on the board. All lines are orthogonal, therefore, all movements are left, right, forward, and backwards. Only one tiger or oxen may be moved in a turn. Players alternate their turns.
4. A tiger, however, can instead leap over an adjacent oxen, and capture it (short leap method as in draughts). The leap must be in a straight line, and the tiger must land on a point on the board immediately beyond the oxen. The leap must also be in an orthogonal direction since leaps must also follow the orthogonal pattern of the board. The leaped oxen is removed from the board. R.C. Bell did not mention if multiple leaps and captures are allowed.

</doc>
<doc id="20705527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705527" title="Helene J. Sinnreich">
Helene J. Sinnreich

Helene Julia Sinnreich (born 1975) is Director of the Center for Judaic and Holocaust Studies at Youngstown State University. She is editor-in-chief of the "Journal of Jewish Identities". She is Executive Director of the Ohio Council for Holocaust Education and served as a Charles H. Revson Foundation Fellow at the Center for Advanced Holocaust Studies at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in 2007. Dr. Sinnreich was a fellow at Yad Vashem in 2009.
Sinnreich received her Ph.D. in comparative history from Brandeis University in 2004. Her areas of specialization are Holocaust history, Polish-Jewish history, and Nazi ghettoization policy. Her research focuses on the Łódź and Kraków ghettos. Sinnreich also researches rape and the Holocaust.
Personal Life<BR>
Sinnreich is the daughter of Karen and Simon Sinnreich of Tampa, FL and was married on October 10, 2010 to Wesley Johnson Jr. Dr. Sinnreich is mother to Nathan Maxwell Johnson born October 11, 2011. Nathan was photographed in a widely distributed photograph with President Barack Obama on July 6, 2012.
The photograph has subsequently been made into a mural in Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="20705677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705677" title="Indonesian Revolution">
Indonesian Revolution

The Indonesian Revolution may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20705680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705680" title="Elisabeth Freeman">
Elisabeth Freeman

Elisabeth Freeman (September 12, 1876 – February 1942) was a suffragist and civil rights activist, who is most well known for her report on the Waco Horror for the NAACP and for her participation in the 1913 Suffrage Hike from New York City to Washington, D.C.
Biography.
Elisabeth Freeman was born in 1876 to Mary Hall Freeman in England, who was estranged from her husband. Her mother, Elisabeth and her two siblings emigrated to the United States and lived on Long Island in New York. Mary worked for an orphanage, and the children lived there for a while. 
Growing up poor, Elisabeth Freeman did not get a College education and found only her activities for the Salvation Army "uplifting". After moving back to London, Elisabeth helped a woman that was beaten by a police man and both got arrested. The woman brought her into the suffrage movement.
In the movement, she learned to fight for the cause, speak publicly and bring new members to the movement. The skills she learned in London, she brought back to the US, where she got employed as organizer by the suffrage movement. Besides her organizing skills and her hands-on approach to recruiting, her abilities talking to the media were especially recognized.
One prominent example happened in 1913, when she took part in the national Suffrage Hike to the inauguration of Woodrow Wilson in Washington, D.C. As a publicity stunt in New York City she wore a gypsy costume and drove a wagon piled with women's suffrage literature and stenciled with 'Votes for Women' slogans.
While working in Texas for the suffrage movement, on May 16, 1916, one day after the lynching of Jesse Washington she was brought in to investigate by the NAACP. For a week, she talked to people in Waco, and her documentation of the lynching to W. E. B. Du Bois was the base for garnering national attention.
In the years between 1917 and 1919, she was active for the peace movement, where she lobbied Congress, and continued her work organizing, speaking and fighting for the cause of civil rights, although speaking up against US policies concerning the war garnered strong reactions by the media and the public.
Not much is known of her life after 1920, partly due to the political and cultural oppression of radical civil rights movement. 
Elisabeth Freeman died of pleurisy in February 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20705698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705698" title="List of Hudson River islands">
List of Hudson River islands

The Hudson River in New York and New Jersey is full of islands, though some have been filled in to connect to the shore. Some of the islands have the Hudson on one side and have another river or creek on the other side. Many of the defunct islands are still labeled on NYSDOT and USGS quadrangle maps. This list is of past and present islands in the Hudson River and their locations;

</doc>
<doc id="20705699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705699" title="Mareel">
Mareel

Mareel is a music venue, cinema and educational facility on Lerwick's waterfront in Shetland, Scotland.
Facilities.
Mareel was designed as a multi use venue and hub for the creative industries. The site is near the new Shetland Museum and Archives in Lerwick. Shetland Arts are the lead agency behind the project, Gareth Hoskins are the architects and D.I.T.T. are the building contractors. The name means "phosphorescence on the ocean".
The main performance auditorium has a standing capacity of about 650 and a seated capacity of around 250, with a balcony seating a further 85 people. There are 2 screening areas. The main cinema has a seated capacity of around 160 with a smaller second cinema seating around 40.
The recording studio has a control room and live area. The split level cafe bar incorporates additional performance areas. The rehearsal area(s) have sprung floors making them suitable for music and dance use. The multi media production suite has facilities for film, TV, music, graphics and website production.
Shetland College UHI began delivering music courses in Mareel in the 2012/13 academic year.
History.
Timeline of key dates in the project's history
Finance.
Mareel has attracted finance from sources including
Controversy.
Opinions on Mareel are split amongst many in Shetland
Motivations for building Mareel include the development of the music, film and creative industries, tourism, educational opportunities, job creation and the provision of leisure and education facilities for the community, particularly young people.
Some local businesses, particularly Lerwick pub and night club owners via the Shetland Licensed Trade Association, claimed that Mareel would negatively affect their profits and an anonymous State Aid complaint was submitted to the European Commission on 17 July 2008. Shetland Arts countered these claims by providing evidence that Mareel would "generate activity and vitality into the night-time economy of Lerwick, to the benefit of all including the local hoteliers, publicans and restaurants". The State Aid complaint was not upheld.
Another source of concern was Mareel's business plan which detractors claim is unrealistic, particularly in terms of revenue raised from sales at the cafe bar. However, the business plan has been reviewed and approved by funders. Highlands and Islands Enterprise commissioned an Economic Impact Study which highlighted outcomes including the creation of 52 jobs and a positive impact on population retention of young people - an HIE Youth Migration Study identified the "creative industries as one of the most important sectors in encouraging young people to stay in or return to Shetland." 
Some detractors have claimed that the capital funds allocated to Mareel would have better been spent on other projects, such as to avert the closure of rural schools, apparently under the misapprehension that the funders' capital could have been diverted to bail out the Shetland Islands Council Education revenue budget which had been overspent for many years.
Shetland Islands Council support.
In 2008 the Shetland Islands Council voted to review their support for Mareel even though they had agreed their support on number of previous occasions and had "already spent around £750,000 on Mareel and previously committed itself to spending a further £4.5m from its capital programme.". The council voted 15:7 to commission a business plan review and re-vote six weeks later.
The Shetland Islands Council's finance officials reported the business plan to be "robust" and "well researched", but that costings estimates were “light” and audience and income targets “challenging”.
The result of the subsequent vote on Wednesday 25 June was in favour of continuing support for Mareel. Due to a 9:9 split convener Sandy Cluness used his casting vote and is reported to have said "As far as I am concerned you can go ahead and build Mareel" as he delivered his decision, to "cheers of delight and lengthy applause from the 40 or so supporters" who were present in the council chambers.
Despite the vote "a few councillors (were) apparently unable to accept the democratic decision." West Mainland councillor Gary Robinson called into question the convener’s handling of the vote stating “I think Sandy (the convenor) has won a battle, but the war isn’t over yet” and that he and other opponents (including Alison Duncan who had 6 weeks previously expressed his desire to "place a bomb"" under Mareel and Jonathan Wills, a one time supporter of Mareel) would be considering their options in the coming weeks. This group continue to voice their opposition 
Councillor Alan Wishart, who had voted against Mareel, reflected the majority view that the vote had been handled "properly and fairly" stating it had been "pretty intense, but a reasoned debate and I’m content with that... It was very reasonable on both sides and democracy had its say."
Music Industry.
Most of Lerwick's music venues and clubs closed during the 1990s and 2000s including the North Star, LK Sound Factory (Jubilee), Somewhaur Else, Ferry Inn (converted to Beltrami's but no longer featuring live music), Mooney's Wake and Baroc, and Mareel is seen by many as a positive development for the local live music scene.
Mareel's recording facilities are also considered to be an important development for the local industry, for both commercial and educational uses.
Public Art.
Artists Nayan Kulkarni and Roxane Permar were commissioned by Shetland Arts Development Agency to create public art for the building using the medium of light. They conceived the project, Mirrie Dancers, which involved members of the community and Shetland Lace knitters in the process of making work which will become part of the permanent installation at Mareel.

</doc>
<doc id="20705703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705703" title="Introducing Lee Morgan">
Introducing Lee Morgan

Introducing Lee Morgan is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan with Hank Mobley's quintet released on the Savoy label. It was recorded on November 5 and 7, 1956 and features performances by Morgan with Hank Mobley, Hank Jones, Doug Watkins and Art Taylor.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3½ stars stating "At the time Morgan (who was just 18) was very much under the musical influence of Clifford Brown although a bit of his own personality was starting to shine through".
Track listing.
"Recorded on November 5 (1, 3-7) and 7 (#2), 1956."

</doc>
<doc id="20705706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705706" title="McCurtain County Wilderness Area">
McCurtain County Wilderness Area

The McCurtain County Wilderness Area is a wilderness nature preserve north of Broken Bow, Oklahoma. It has been owned by the Oklahoma Department of Wildlife Conservation since 1918. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in December 1974 for its excellent example of a xeric upland oak-pine forest.
Description.
The Area is in the southern section of the Ouachita Uplift and ranged from to in elevation. It receives of rain annually, the highest amount in the state.
Wildlife.
There are over 110 bird species in the area, including the endangered Red-cockaded Woodpecker and Bald Eagle. It was nominated as an Important Bird Area in 2008 by the Audubon Society.
There are over 359 species of plants in the area.
Visiting.
There is a short nature trail, but further exploration of the east side of the reservoir requires advance permission.
References.
Please replace Mccurtaincountygetaways.com url with the new website which is visitmccurtaincounty.com. It is the official website of the McCurtain County Tourism Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="20705710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705710" title="Andreas Schütz">
Andreas Schütz

Andreas Schütz (born February 19, 1968 in Germany) is a Thoroughbred racehorse trainer. From a prominent racing family, he is the fourth generation to train professionally.
Andreas Schütz started out as an amateur jockey, winning four German championships from 1984–1987 and the European championship in 1987. In 1992 he began working as an assistant trainer for his father Bruno Schütz who had built one of the Germany's most successful public training stables. Due to health problems, his father retired and in 1998 Andreas took over the running of the stable.
Highly successful, Andreas Schütz has won numerous German Group one races including the five wins in both the Deutsches Derby and the Preis der Diana. Four times he has been his country's annual leading trainer in wins. He was won several Group One races in Italy and in 2004 won the Singapore Airlines International Cup at Kranji Racecourse in Singapore.
In 2006 Andreas Schütz set up shop in Hong Kong, China where he has continued to win major races. After taking over the conditioning of Good Ba Ba, he guided the gelding to four consecutive Group One race wins and 2007/2008 Hong Kong Horse of the Year honors. In December 2008, Good Ba Ba gave Schütz his second consecutive Hong Kong Mile. Schutz trained 24 winners in 2010/11 for an overall total in Hong Kong of 102.

</doc>
<doc id="20705738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705738" title="Chai Chidchob">
Chai Chidchob

Chai Chidchob (5 April 1928- ) has been the President of the National Assembly of Thailand and the Speaker of the House of Representatives since May 15, 2008. He began his career in politics by being appointed as a kamnan in Buri Ram Province and became known by many locals as "Kamnan Chai".
His first experience in national politics began in 1957. Chai contested a seat as a Democrat Party candidate in Surin, but failed to get elected. In 1969, he ran in Buri Ram as an independent candidate and managed to win. He was then re-elected many times. In 2007 Chai was elected to the National Assembly of Thailand as a People's Power Party representative, however, he was previously affiliated with many political parties, including Justice Unity Party, Chart Thai Party, and Thai Rak Thai.
He is married to La-ong and they have five sons and one daughter. One of Chai's sons is Newin Chidchob, a powerful politician in the lower northeastern region. The PPP nomination of Chai as the House Speaker is partly credited to Newin. He is a great admirer of Israeli politician and soldier Moshe Dayan, sometimes even calling himself "Chai Moshe".

</doc>
<doc id="20705769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705769" title="Steel (web browser)">
Steel (web browser)

Steel is a freeware web browser developed by Michael Kolb under the name kolbysoft. It is a fork of the default browser for Android, taking its WebKit-based layout engine and providing what is intended to be an easier and more "touch friendly" user interface.
Steel was one of the first Android applications to support automatic rotation based on the hardware's accelerometer and a virtual keyboard. This feature is now more common among Android applications.
In 2010 Skyfire purchased kolbysoft and the Steel browser.
Features.
Steel's user interface (UI) is intended to be more "touch friendly" than that of Android's default browser, and thus emphasizes ease of use on a touch screen. Back, forward, zoom, and bookmark-related buttons are all on the bottom toolbar. A URL-entry box is on the top toolbar, and beside it is a refresh/stop button, which displays if a page is fully loaded or still loading, respectively. Both toolbars are only shown if "pulled out" by two semi-transparent handles at the top and bottom of the display, and after a short period of not being used will hide themselves again. Until 0.0.4, Android's status bar containing system information was only shown when the top toolbar was out. Starting in 0.0.4, it is either visible or not depending on whether the browser is set to run in fullscreen mode.
Hardware controls.
Steel will switch between portrait and landscape modes based on which way the device running it is rotated. By contrast, the Android default browser at the time of release required the user to "Flip Orientation" in a menu or, on the T-Mobile G1, open the phone's keyboard.
In an attempt to avoid opening the aforementioned keyboard when possible, Steel has a virtual keyboard which appears when a user selects a text box or the URL entry box in the toolbar. It is modeled after that of the iPhone, and as of version 0.0.4 causes the device to vibrate when a key is successfully pressed.
Reception.
Steel's first public release received a 3-star rating from AppVee, praising its user interface and accelerometer support but pointing out that it was not at its development stage an application to rely on fully.
Shortly after the release of 0.0.3, which added multiple features including the virtual keyboard, on December 13, 2008, Steel became the second most popular communication app in the Android Market, with an average rating of 4 (out of 5) stars from users. 
In May 2009 an Android Tapp review gave the Steel Browser a 4.5/5 rating, saying that it had a "hands down a better UI for the browser."

</doc>
<doc id="20705786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705786" title="Inverted bow">
Inverted bow

In ship design, an inverted bow is a ship's or large boat's bow whose farthest forward point is not at the top. The result may somewhat resemble a submarine's bow. Inverted bow maximizes the length of waterline and hence the hull speed.
Inverted bows were popular on battleships and large cruisers in the early 20th century. They fell out of favour as they were very wet on high speeds and heavy seas, but have made a comeback on modern ship design.
Examples.
A.
The luxury motor yacht M/Y "A" has an inverted bow.
Ulstein X-bow.
The Ulstein X-bow is an inverted ship's bow designed by Ulstein Group to improve handling in rough sea, and to lower fuel consumption by causing less hydrodynamic drag. It is shaped somewhat like a submarine's bow.
As of 2013, more than 70 X-Bow vessels have been ordered, of which close to 50 are in operation.
The "Bourbon Orca", design AX104 is an Ulstein A-Series Anchor Handling Tug Supply vessel, built for Bourbon Offshore Norway, and was the first ship built with the Ulstein X-bow in 2006. The operator claims that the design achieves higher speed and a calmer motion in rough seas.

</doc>
<doc id="20705817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705817" title="Cloward–Piven strategy">
Cloward–Piven strategy

The Cloward–Piven strategy is a political strategy outlined in 1966 by American sociologists and political activists Richard Cloward and Frances Fox Piven that called for overloading the U.S. public welfare system in order to precipitate a crisis that would lead to a replacement of the welfare system with a national system of "a guaranteed annual income and thus an end to poverty". Cloward and Piven were a married couple who were both professors at the Columbia University School of Social Work. The strategy was formulated in a May 1966 article in liberal magazine "The Nation" titled "The Weight of the Poor: A Strategy to End Poverty".
The two stated that many Americans who were eligible for welfare were not receiving benefits, and that a welfare enrollment drive would strain local budgets, precipitating a crisis at the state and local levels that would be a wake-up call for the federal government, particularly the Democratic Party. There would also be side consequences of this strategy, according to Cloward and Piven. These would include: easing the plight of the poor in the short-term (through their participation in the welfare system); shoring up support for the national Democratic Party then-splintered by pluralistic interests (through its cultivation of poor and minority constituencies by implementing a national "solution" to poverty); and relieving local governments of the financially and politically onerous burdens of public welfare (through a national "solution" to poverty).
The strategy.
Cloward and Piven’s article is focused on forcing the Democratic Party, which in 1966 controlled the presidency and both houses of the United States Congress, to take federal action to help the poor. They stated that full enrollment of those eligible for welfare “would produce bureaucratic disruption in welfare agencies and fiscal disruption in local and state governments” that would “deepen existing divisions among elements in the big-city Democratic coalition: the remaining white middle class, the working-class ethnic groups and the growing minority poor. To avoid a further weakening of that historic coalition, a national Democratic administration would be constrained to advance a federal solution to poverty that would override local welfare failures, local class and racial conflicts and local revenue dilemmas.” They wrote:
Michael Reisch and Janice Andrews wrote that Cloward and Piven "proposed to create a crisis in the current welfare system – by exploiting the gap between welfare law and practice – that would ultimately bring about its collapse and replace it with a system of guaranteed annual income. They hoped to accomplish this end by informing the poor of their rights to welfare assistance, encouraging them to apply for benefits and, in effect, overloading an already overburdened bureaucracy."
Focus on Democrats.
The authors pinned their hopes on creating disruption within the Democratic Party. "Conservative Republicans are always ready to declaim the evils of public welfare, and they would probably be the first to raise a hue and cry. But deeper and politically more telling conflicts would take place within the Democratic coalition," they wrote. "Whites – both working class ethnic groups and many in the middle class – would be aroused against the ghetto poor, while liberal groups, which until recently have been comforted by the notion that the poor are few... would probably support the movement. Group conflict, spelling political crisis for the local party apparatus, would thus become acute as welfare rolls mounted and the strains on local budgets became more severe.”
Reception and criticism.
Howard Phillips, chairman of The Conservative Caucus, was quoted in 1982 as saying that the strategy could be effective because "Great Society programs had created a vast army of full-time liberal activists whose salaries are paid from the taxes of conservative working people."
Liberal commentator Michael Tomasky, writing about the strategy in the 1990s and again in 2011, called it "wrongheaded and self-defeating", writing: "It apparently didn't occur to and Piven that the system would just regard rabble-rousing black people as a phenomenon to be ignored or quashed."
Impact of the strategy.
Cloward and Piven themselves, in papers published in 1971 and 1977, argued that mass unrest in the United States, especially between 1964 and 1969, did lead to a massive expansion of welfare rolls, though not to the guaranteed-income program that they had hoped for. Political scientist Robert Albritton disagreed, writing in 1979 that the data did not support this thesis; he offered an alternative explanation for the rise in welfare caseloads.
In his 2006 book "Winning the Race", political commentator John McWhorter attributed the rise in the welfare state after the 1960s to the Cloward–Piven strategy, but wrote about it negatively, stating that the strategy "created generations of black people for whom working for a living is an abstraction."
According to historian Robert E. Weir in 2007, "Although the strategy helped to boost recipient numbers between 1966 and 1975, the revolution its proponents envisioned never transpired."
Some commentators have blamed the Cloward–Piven strategy for the near-bankruptcy of New York City in 1975. 
Conservative commentator Glenn Beck referred to the Cloward-Piven Strategy often on his Fox News television show, "Glenn Beck", during its run from 2009 to 2011, reiterating his opinion that it had helped to inspire President Barack Obama's economic policy. On February 18, 2010, for example, Beck said, "you’ve got total destruction of wealth coming... It’s the final phase of the Cloward-Piven strategy, which is collapse the system."
Richard Kim, writing in 2010 in "The Nation" (in which the original essay appeared), called such assertions "a reactionary paranoid fantasy..." but says that "the left's gut reaction upon hearing of it--to laugh it off as a Scooby-Doo comic mystery--does nothing to blunt its appeal or limit its impact." "The Nation" later stated that Beck blames the "Cloward-Piven Strategy" for "the financial crisis of 2008, healthcare reform, Obama's election and massive voter fraud" and has resulted in the posting of much violent and threatening rhetoric by users on Beck's website, including death threats against Frances Fox Piven. For her part, Piven vigorously continues to defend the original idea, calling its conservative interpretation "lunatic".

</doc>
<doc id="20705821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705821" title="Acantuerta">
Acantuerta

Acantuerta is a genus of moths of the Agaristinae subfamily of the Noctuidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="20705876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705876" title="2008 Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships">
2008 Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships

The 21st Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships were held in Glasgow, Scotland from October 10 to October 12, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20705929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705929" title="Thomas Clay McDowell">
Thomas Clay McDowell

Thomas Clay McDowell (March 9, 1866 - February 9, 1935) was an American businessman, Thoroughbred racehorse owner/breeder, and trainer. He was a great-grandson of Henry Clay, Sr.
Early life and education.
Born at Ashland Farm in Lexington, Kentucky, Thomas was the fourth of the seven children of Anne Clay (1837–1917) and her husband, Major Henry Clay McDowell (1832–1899). His mother was the daughter of Henry Clay, Jr.. In 1883 she and her husband purchased the estate from other Clay descendants. Henry Clay McDowell bred Standardbred horses for harness racing, and Thomas became interested in the breeding and training of racehorses.
Marriage and family.
In 1888 Thomas McDowell married Mary Mann Goodloe (1866–1953), with whom he had two children: Ann Clay McDowell (b. 1891) and son, William Cassius Goodloe McDowell (b. 1895).
Career.
In the early 1900s, McDowell worked as a trainer for the Thoroughbred stable of William Kissam Vanderbilt in Kentucky. He also had his own horses. McDowell is most notable as the breeder, owner, and trainer of the colt Alan-a-Dale, which won the 1902 Kentucky Derby. McDowell's other top horses included four fillies which each won the Kentucky Oaks, and The Manager, named the 1912 American Horse of the Year for his record of wins and money earned. 
In 1925 Thomas McDowell acquired Buck Pond Farm in Versailles, Kentucky from the estate of Louis Marshall. McDowell introduced Thoroughbred horses to Buck Pond and operated it until his death in 1935. Joseph K. Nelson, a wealthy Chicago businessman and native of Woodford County, Kentucky, purchased the farm from McDowell's heirs in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20705941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705941" title="Choeropais">
Choeropais

Choeropais is a genus of moths in the Noctuidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="20705960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705960" title="Meti Noovao">
Meti Noovao

Meti Noovao is a former rugby league player. His position of preference was at Lock, although he was something of a utility. Meti was also a competent goal scorer, being a left footed goal kicker. 
His sister Ana is a former netball player and is currently the coach of the Cook Island national side.
New Zealand.
While growing up in New Zealand Meti played rugby league for the Otahuhu Leopards in the local Auckland tournament. He joined the Auckland City Vulcans in 1994 in the new Lion Red Cup competition. With the entry of the Auckland Warriors into the Australian Rugby League competition he was signed up as a junior. In 1995 he was the captain of the Warriors Colts side, a team which played in the Lion Red Cup, replacing the Vulcans. The team lost the 1995 Grand Final however he managed to score a try, kick a goal and score a field goal for his team. Throughout his junior years he was an outside back, playing in the centres, at five eighth and at half back. He made the Junior Kiwis in 1993.
Again in 1996 he could not break into the Warriors first grade side, although he moved into the forward pack for the first time - playing at both hooker and lock forward. Meti again played in a losing grand final side, this time at Reserve Grade level.
In 1997 he made his first grade rugby league debut, in the new Super League competition. He was limited to only one game off the bench for the Warriors, although he was also involved in the 1997 World Club Championship.
Australia.
In 1998 he found himself surplus to requirements in Auckland and so he moved to Australia, signing with the Adelaide Rams. His season was not a success and he played only one first grade game in the new National Rugby League competition. For this game he started at Five Eighth.
In 1999 he moved to the Queensland and played for the Burleigh Bears in the Queensland Cup.
He played for Otahuhu in the 2002 Bartercard Cup.
Cook Islands.
In 1995 Meti represented his country of heritage, playing for the Cook Island national side at the 1995 Emerging Nations tournament. He was to go on to be a regular fixture in the side, notably representing his nation at the 1996 and 1997 Super League World Nines and the 2000 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20705971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20705971" title="29th Boston Society of Film Critics Awards">
29th Boston Society of Film Critics Awards

29th BSFC Awards<br>
December 14, 2008
Best Film (tie): <br>
Slumdog Millionaire<br>and<br>WALL·E
The 29th Boston Society of Film Critics Awards, honoring the best in filmmaking in 2008, were given on December 14, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20706000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706000" title="Gabriele Marranci">
Gabriele Marranci

Gabriele Marranci (born 1973) is an anthropologist working on religion with a specialization in Muslim societies. He is currently Director of the Study of Contemporary Muslim Lives research hub at Macquarie University. and Senior Honorary Research Fellow at the Centre for the Study of Islam in the UK. He was formerly Associate Professor at the Department of Sociology at the National University of Singapore. Marranci is the founding editor of the first anthropological journal of Islamic studies, "Contemporary Islam: Dynamics of Muslim Life". Together with Bryan Turner he also founded, and currently edits, the book series "Muslims in Global Societies" with Ronald Lukens-Bull serving as an Assistant Editor. 
Education and academic history.
During his training as an anthropologist, Marranci studied the relationship between gender and musical identity in immigrants of Algerian origin and later wrote about various aspects of raï music among Algerian immigrants in Paris, France, based on his year-long anthropological fieldwork there.Marranci, G. (2003), Pop-Raï: from Local Tradition to Globalisation, in G. Plastino (ed.), "Mediterranean Mosaic", London and New York: Routledge;Marranci, G. (2005), From Orano to Paris: identity, raï music and Algerian immigrants, in D. Cooper and K. Dawe (eds.) "The Mediterranean in Music", Lanham, Maryland: Scarecrow Press.</ref> Moving beyond an examination of raï in its North African context, Marranci focused upon the development of raï from its beginnings in Algeria to "Beur-raï" in France. He received his MA degree in Anthropology of Music in 1999 at the University of Bologna, Italy and also completed a diploma in piano performance at the Conservatoire Girolamo Frescobaldi, a musical conservatory in Ferrara, Italy, in 1998.
In 2000, Marranci moved to Northern Ireland to study for a Ph.D. in social anthropology at Queen's University Belfast. Two years later, he became a teaching assistant within the same department. After conducting fieldwork with the Northern Irish Muslim community under the supervision of Kay Milton, he completed his PhD in 2003 with a thesis entitled "The Adhan among the Bells: The Muslim Community in Northern Ireland". He published several articlesMarranci, G. (2004), Constructing an Islamic Environment in Northern Ireland, "Built Environment", 30(1): 5-17.</ref> and book chaptersMarranci, G. (2006), Muslim Marriages in Northern Ireland, in B. Waldis and R. Byron (eds.), "Migration and Marriage; Heterogamy and Homogamy in a Changing World", Munster and London: LIT Verlag;Marranci, G. (2006b), The Transmission of Islamic Heritage in Northern Ireland, in M. Nic Craith (ed.), "Cultural Heritages as Reflexive Traditions", London, New York: Palgrave Macmillan;Marranci, G. (2006c), Muslim in Northern Ireland: dangerous symbols and the use of English, in R. Byron and U. Kockel (eds.), "Negotiating Culture: Moving and Mixing: Migration and Boundary Crossing in Twentieth Century Europe", Munster and London: LIT Verlag;Marranci, G. (2006d), Faith, Language and Migration: the Case of Muslim Migrants in Scotland and Northern Ireland, in M. Nic Craith and U. Kockel (eds.), "Heritages of conflict: history, identity and the future of divided societies", London: Palgrave;Marranci, G. (2007), Migration and the Construction of Muslim women's identity in Northern Ireland, in C. Chison, P. Hopkins and M. Kwan (eds.), "Geographies of Muslim Identities: Diaspora, Gender, and Belonging", London and New York: Ashgate Publishing.</ref> based on his fieldwork in Northern Ireland and also used material gathered there to furnish his first two books "Jihad Beyond Islam" and "The Anthropology of Islam" with ethnographic examples. From 2003 to 2008, Marranci was Lecturer in Religious Studies at the University of Aberdeen.
Research.
Marranci has explored numerous topics concerning Muslims and Islam varying from general concepts such as arts, music, gender, ethnicity, education, political Islam and social issues to more specific ones such as jihad, the ummah and the idea of justice. His areas of interest further include identity and emotions, urban sociology, Muslim migration/immigration, criminology, fundamentalism, secularisation processes, ethnomusicology, and the relationship between anthropological research and cognitive neuroscience. All of these seemingly highly varied topics, however, are linked to his main social anthropological interest: human identity and self.
Singapore.
Marranci’s current research focuses on young Malay Muslims (aged 12–25) and the issues that they may encounter in contemporary Singapore. Based on participant observation and interviews with male and female residents of welfare homes, parents, educators and organizations, his topic investigates the exposure of young Malays to what he terms as ‘global social threats’ and also the effects of a widening generational gap in the context of the recent 2008-2009 economic crisis.
England and Scotland.
Between 2004 and 2007, Marranci conducted in-depth research among Muslims in prison – the longest study of its kind to date. Funded by the British Academy, the Carnegie Trust for the Universities of Scotland and the University of Aberdeen, this research focused on the experience of Muslims in prison in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and how being behind bars impacted their identity and experience of Islam. Using participant observation as a primary research methodology, Marranci conducted over 170 interviews with current and former Muslim prisoners and their families. This meant taking part in Friday prayers, Islamic lessons, observing imams' activities and spending time with the prisoners in their cells and during their association time – at times for up to 10 hours a day. As far as former prisoners are concerned, this has also included living for a short time with the former prisoners' families and following their lives once released from prison. 
Marranci presented some of his research at the 2007 IQRA Trust Annual Lecture at the House of Lords. His research has also attracted attention from newspapers such as The Guardian, Le Figaro, and Daily Times (Pakistan), among others. In addition, he has been interviewed for a documentary for the BBC.
Northern Ireland.
Between 2001 and 2003 Marranci carried out fieldwork among the local Muslim community, primarily in Belfast. His research interests included cultural influences, religious modifications, the concept of ummah, children's education, Muslim associations, community organization, child-parent relationships, identity conflicts, and women. He also studied identity construction among Muslim migrants and their children, proposing an interpretation of the reasons for which Muslims in the West may radicalize or understand jihad as violent struggle. He has published some of this research in "Jihad beyond Islam" and, along with findings from his research with Muslims in prison, in "Understanding Muslim Identity, Rethinking Fundamentalism."
Italy.
Between 1999 and 2000, Marranci studied Muslim immigrant women and their daughters in Pisa. His fieldwork centered on family roles, women's associations, diaspora, myth of return, private vs. public, female genital mutilation in immigration contexts and social relationships.
France.
Between 1998 and 1999, Marranci conducted fieldwork in both Paris and Lyon with first and second-generation Algerian immigrants, focussing on the use of urban space, identity conflicts, cultural expressions, gender, transnationalism and local and global dimensions.

</doc>
<doc id="20706022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706022" title="List of Volcano Entertainment artists">
List of Volcano Entertainment artists

The following is a list of bands or artists, past and present, who have had recordings released on the Volcano Entertainment imprint.
Volcano Entertainment began in 1996 as a joint venture with Zoo Entertainment. In 1997, after absorbing Zoo and its artists onto the Volcano imprint, it merged with Rowdy Records to become Freeworld Entertainment. That arrangement was short-lived and in early 1998 Freeworld Entertainment was bought by the then independent Zomba Group who reestablished the Volcano Entertainment name.

</doc>
<doc id="20706023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706023" title="Huangsha Station">
Huangsha Station

Huangsha Station () is a station of Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro and it was the first Line 1 station which platform screen doors are installed. It started operations in 28 June 1997. It was the terminus of Line 1 when Guangzhou Metro started the service in 1997. It was situated at the underground of the junction of Datong Lu () and Liuersan Lu () in Liwan District. It is near Shamian Island (沙面岛), where White Swan Hotel (白天鹅宾馆) and many western style buildings are there. It became an interchange station between Line 1 and Line 6 of Guangzhou Metro in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20706040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706040" title="IME, New York City">
IME, New York City

IME, NYC (Independent Musician's Entity) was a one-of-a-kind music facility created in New York City by musician Ron Durbin Jr. in 1993. It was formed to help struggling artists get their music heard. It was not only a uniquely designed layout, but a unique idea that assisted thousands over the 8-year period Ron Durbin Jr. owned and ran it. He eventually sold it to a major recording company, and it is not known where or if he opened another facility. Rumor is he was opening a studio in Austin, Texas or Miami Florida and that is not confirmed to date. 
IME was located in Hell's Kitchen, NYC on the 8th Floor of the 325 building, it was host to many respected musicians from NYC and around the world. Artists would stop in and record singles and full length albums at the facility and often use the local talent on tracks, as well as bringing their own bands in to record along with them. Artist like Francis Dunnery, Tower of Power, Stephen Harris, Sae1NYC, Usher, SpaceHog and even the Famous Robert Plant were known to have dropped in for a visit, or even to record with the local bands while they were in the studio. 
This unique facility was open to all friends of music. Frankie Portalatin (Madonna, Annie Lennox) and popular local studio musicians in the scene soon helped make the IME name a popular one on the scene and highly respected engineers like Rupert Neve were even known to stop in to see what the hubbub was about. All who entered were respected and had respect for the creation and it grew quickly into a well loved site. Although the I.M.E. website is now defunct, it was of the first sites to create a web space for bands to place their music on the internet so anyone on the planet could hear and purchase a ninety nine cent download of their song! Truly ahead of its time, the record execs soon heard of IME and were known to stop in for a surprise visit to check on the bands and see the progress of the success of IME. Creator Ron Durbin was asked by local NARAS Vice President, John Marcus (Grammy Awards) to attend and speak at the digital download conference in 1993 and participated in the conference with Thomas Dolby, Herbie Hancock and many more artists savvy with digital age vision. I.M.E. carved a groove for others to follow and reach out to the rest of the planet through the world's only TRUE UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE...MUSIC!
The idea and conceptual tentacles of this creation are still not realized in 2008 and it is a shame that Ron Durbin hasn't put together this same idea with a stronger financial base behind it. This would be a revolutionary change to the music industry and open doors never imagined by the average person. Imagination exponentially realized if it were alive today.
Ron Durbin was a singer in a couple of NYC bands. Ragz and sang with Ralph Santolla in Electric Symphony on Geffen's label. He also sang on Francis Dunnery's Let's go do what happens album.

</doc>
<doc id="20706048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706048" title="Wide Awake">
Wide Awake

Wide Awake or Wideawake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20706135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706135" title="Ximenkou Station">
Ximenkou Station

Ximenkou Station (), literally West Gate Station, is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 28June 1999. It is situated under Zhongshan 6th Road () in the Yuexiu District of Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, southern China.

</doc>
<doc id="20706139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706139" title="Gerra (moth)">
Gerra (moth)

Gerra is a genus of moths in the Noctuidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="20706198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706198" title="Lasco Lascoter">
Lasco Lascoter

The Lasco Lascoter was a 1920s Australian 6-seat passenger and mail carrier aircraft built by the Larkin Aircraft Supply Company (Lasco) at Coode Island, Victoria. It was the first Australian-designed and built airliner to be granted a Certificate of Airworthiness.
History.
The Lascoter was a high-wing monoplane with a tubular steel structure, featuring a tailwheel undercarriage and a fully enclosed cabin for the passengers and the pilot. It flew for the first time on 25 May 1929; despite being damaged in a landing accident at Coode Island in May, it received its Certificate of Airworthiness on 22 July 1929. It was then put into service with Australian Aerial Services, an airline owned by Lasco, and used on an air mail route between Camooweal, Queensland and Daly Waters, Northern Territory. The Lascoter was used by Australian Aerial Services and its successors until being withdrawn from use in 1938; it was scrapped during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20706256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706256" title="Alcock Brown-Neaves Group">
Alcock Brown-Neaves Group

Alcock Brown-Neaves Group or better known as ABN Group is a private diversified building and property conglomerate based in Perth, Western Australia.
History.
The group was established in 1978 by Garry Brown-Neaves who started out as a bricklayer. Over the years, it acquired numerous businesses including in 1987 the acquisition of Dale Alcock Homes Pty Ltd which brought in Dale Alcock into the business.

</doc>
<doc id="20706287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706287" title="Blue Norther">
Blue Norther

Blue Norther (1961–1972) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who, along with Tosmah and Miss Cavandish, was a top filly in United States racing in 1964. Ridden by jockey Bill Shoemaker and trained by Wally Dunn, she won all five of her 1964 starts including three major races for fillies of her age group.
Retired to broodmare duty after being diagnosed with a chipped sesamoid bone, Blue Norther was bred twice to Bold Ruler and once to Buckpasser but none of the foals went on to successful racing.
Blue Norther died of a twisted intestine at Claiborne Farm on June 9, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20706290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706290" title="George E. Taylor (historian)">
George E. Taylor (historian)

George Edward Taylor (13 December 1905 – 14 April 2000) was a prolific and influential scholar of Chinese studies, professor at University of Washington, Seattle from 1939 to 1969, and director of the Far Eastern and Russian Institute (later the Henry Jackson School) at the University of Washington from 1946 to 1969. He became a naturalized U.S. citizen on May 11, 1943. He married Roberta Stevens White in 1933. She died in 1967. He married Florence R. Kluckhohn in 1968.
Life and career.
George Taylor was born in Coventry, England, on December 13, 1905, and received degrees in history and politics from the University of Birmingham before coming to the United States in 1928 on a Commonwealth Fund fellowship. After study at Johns Hopkins University and Harvard University, he studied in Peking from 1930 to 1932 on a fellowship from the Harvard-Yenching Institute. He began his long term interest in the mid 19th century Taiping Rebellion with an article which combined documentary research with social analysis. From 1933 to 1936, he was professor of international relations at the Central Political Institute in Nanking, then moved to teach at Yenching University in Beiping. While applying social analysis to the problems of the China of his day, he was among the group of scholars in Peking who exchanged ideas and advanced the study of Chinese history with new techniques, laying the groundwork for, among other projects the Chinese Dynastic Histories Project organized by Karl August Wittfogel and sponsored by the Institute of Pacific Relations. After war broke out in 1937, Taylor spent the summer of 1938 traveling with the Chinese Communist Eighth Route Army, and smuggled medical supplies to them. These experiences were the basis of his book, "The Struggle for North China".
In 1939 Taylor become chair of the Department of Oriental Studies at the University of Washington, Seattle. He took leave in 1942 to become deputy director of the U.S. Office of War Information in charge of Pacific operations. Under his leadership the Foreign Morale Analysis Division recruited Clyde Kluckhohn, the Harvard anthropologist, and a team of twenty five others to study Japanese culture in order to formulate policy based on the best understanding. These studies included Ruth Benedict’s The Chrysanthemum and the Sword. After the war he was director of the Office of War Information at the State Department. Among the others who worked for Taylor were John Fairbank, who Taylor later criticized for failing to understand the dangers of Soviet Communism.
Back in Seattle in 1947, Professor Taylor contended that the decision to drop the atomic bombs on Japan had not been based on all the available evidence. "It is essential for the future," he said, "that the skills of social scientists be used in the formulation of key decisions." Under his leadership as director, the Far Eastern and Russia Institute was home to scholars such as Wittfogel, Franz Michael, Hsiao Kung-ch’uan, and Chu T’ung-tsu.
As the Chinese Communists gained the upper hand in China, Taylor was among the strongest voices condemning American policy and opposing diplomatic recognition of the new government. With his colleagues Wittfogel and Nicholas Poppe, Taylor testified before the McCarran Committee that the scholar and activist Owen Lattimore had acted in the interests of the Soviet Union and had not recognized the danger of Soviet expansionism. In addition to these scholarly and political activities, Taylor co-authored a standard survey text, "The Far East in the Modern World", which went through three editions. In the 1960s he was a strong supporter of American policies in the Vietnam War.
He retired from the University of Washington in 1969, but turned to the promotion of trade, serving as president of the Washington Council on International Trade from 1976 to 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20706302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706302" title="St Andrew's Church, Chennai">
St Andrew's Church, Chennai

St. Andrew's Church in Egmore, Chennai was built to serve the Scottish community in Chennai. Its design was modelled on St. Martin-in-the-Fields. Building started 6 April 1818 and the church was consecrated in 1821.
Tradition.
St. Andrew's Church (The Kirk) is of the Scottish Presbyterian tradition and continues to belong to it. Its form of worship and system of governance continue to be truly Presbyterian. However, it is free to follow and does include other orders of service used by any other Church with which it is doctrinally like-minded.
Vision.
The vision of the church is "To be a congregation of obedient disciples of the lord and saviour Jesus Christ".
Worship.
Worship services every Sunday:
Morning-7.00 am
Morning-9.00 am (Main Service)
Evening-6.00 pm
All services are in English
Holy communion services:
1st Sunday – 7.00 am and 9.00 am
3rd Sunday – 6.00 pm
1st of every month – 6.30 am

</doc>
<doc id="20706317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706317" title="December 2008 in Pakistan">
December 2008 in Pakistan


</doc>
<doc id="20706319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706319" title="Justice Taylor">
Justice Taylor

Justice Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20706323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706323" title="Ōkura Bakufu">
Ōkura Bakufu

820 years ago, in 1180, Minamoto no Yoritomo built his mansion here. Having consolidated his power, he ruled from this mansion, and his government was therefore called the Ōkura Bakufu. He was succeeded by his sons Yoriie and Sanetomo, and this place remained the seat of the government for 46 years until 1225, when his wife Hōjō Masako died. It was then transferred to .
Erected in March 1917 by the Kamakura-machi Seinendan People's Association
Many powerful Gokenin had their mansions in Ōkura, which was therefore one of the most important parts of medieval Kamakura. The palace gave rise to the names of at least two other Kamakura neighborhoods, Nishi Mikado and Higashi Mikado,which mean respectively "Western Gate" and "East Gate". The area now called used to be called Higashi Mikado, and the name is still sometimes used. Kita Mikado still exists as well, but does not constitute a "chō".

</doc>
<doc id="20706325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706325" title="Yaguchi">
Yaguchi


</doc>
<doc id="20706327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706327" title="Maryland Terrapins football, 1856–1946">
Maryland Terrapins football, 1856–1946

The modern Maryland Terrapins football program representing the University of Maryland traces its lineage to the team first formed at what was then the Maryland Agricultural College (MAC) in 1892. In the initial years, due to the rudimentary state of intercollegiate athletics and interstate travel, all games were played against local colleges, high schools, and athletic clubs.
In 1902, Maryland hired its first professional coach, John Markey, and soon after drafted a "football philosophy", an early attempt at a codification of college football. During his tenure as head coach from 1911 to 1934, Harry C. "Curley" Byrd significantly increased Maryland's strength of schedule, and recorded victories over then-powerhouses Penn and Yale. Byrd also greatly increased school support and interest in the sport, and was responsible for the building of the school's first stadium in 1923.
Byrd became the university president in 1935, and continued his support for Maryland football from that office. As a coach, he was succeeded by several prominent individuals, namely Clark Shaughnessy, who had perfected the T-formation, and Paul "Bear" Bryant, who later went onto great success at Alabama. After just one season at Maryland, a conflict with Byrd resulted in Bryant's departure.
The early years: 1856–1901.
Introduction of football at Maryland.
Informally, football and baseball games had been played at the Maryland Agricultural College as early as the time of the Civil War. In 1890, an unofficial school team composed mostly of Maryland Agricultural students saw action against local high schools Laurel and Sandy Spring. It was not officially sanctioned by the college, but was allowed to use the school's name. In 1891, the same team played three games against Gallaudet, Hyattsville, and Sandy Spring. The victory over Sandy Spring prompted the MAC faculty to officially recognize the team.
In 1892, the first official Maryland Agricultural football team, known as the "Aggies" or "Farmers", was formed by quarterback William Skinner, who also served concurrently as the head coach. They went scoreless in that inaugural season with losses to St. John's College, Johns Hopkins, and Episcopal High School. In the game against Episcopal, halfback Pearse "Shorty" Prough gained the only positive yardage for the team—after first running in the wrong direction for 30 yards, before changing course for a net gain of 35 yards. Episcopal's school newspaper, the "Monthly Chronicle", stated that the play "showed an unaccreditable ignorance of football."
The following season, in 1893, showed significant improvement. Maryland won all six of its games, including ones against Baltimore City College, St. John's, and Western Maryland. The St. John's match was controversial, however. After the game, St. John's players wrote in the "Baltimore American" that "a decision by which the M.A.C. were allowed to score the only touchdown made by the quarterback after a run of 90 yards, with no one in pursuit, appeared a very doubtful one." At the end of the season, Maryland Agricultural was awarded both the District of Columbia and the state collegiate championships. The awarding of the Maryland state championship, however, was protested by St. John's, which claimed that it was the deserving team.
Formation of the MIFA.
In 1894, former coach and quarterback William Skinner helped lead the formation of the Maryland Intercollegiate Football Association (MIFA) in order to improve the process of naming the state champions. Other teams involved included Baltimore City College, Gallaudet, Johns Hopkins, Washington College, and Western Maryland. The game against St. John's once again aroused controversy, and the MAC accused their opponent of hiring ringers from Lehigh. When Johns Hopkins canceled their game, Maryland arranged to play Georgetown instead. The Maryland team called the game with a 6–4 lead as darkness fell. However, the referee, Georgetown halfback Mike Mahoney, ruled it a forfeiture and awarded the win to Georgetown. Today, Maryland and Georgetown both count the game as a Maryland Agricultural win in their records.
A brief hiatus.
In 1895, Maryland Agricultural, a land-grant school with a military curriculum requirement, had a new commandant of cadets take office. Lieutenant Clough Overton, who opposed football at the university, cut funding for equipment and instituted strict rules limiting practice time. Instead of accepting this serious disadvantage against their opponents, the players declined to field a football team for the season.
The following season, there was a renewal of football at Maryland. Fullback Grenville Lewis was elected as team captain and head coach. He instituted a strict physical training regimen involving calisthenics and long-distance running, and banned smoking, drinking, and eating pie during the football season. This was unpopular with the team, but Lewis was embraced by the students and faculty. In the game to decide the state championship, Maryland Agricultural faced Maryland-Baltimore. Late in the scoreless game, the Aggies pushed to their opponents' two-yard line. With darkness approaching and Maryland Agricultural having difficulty scoring, the referee called the game. It became clear that Maryland-Baltimore had sneaked three extra players onto the field, but the referee refused to award the Aggies the win. Two days later, the Maryland–Baltimore players voted to forfeit the game, and with it the championship, to Maryland Agricultural.
In 1897, Maryland faced Johns Hopkins for the first time since the Aggies' inaugural season. Hopkins beat Maryland handily, 30–6, and the Aggies went on to lose their next three games to finish the year with a 2–4 mark. The 1898 season saw the Aggies finish 2–5–1 and in 1899, the team canceled the remainder of its season after accumulating a 1–4 record. Maryland saw a marginal improvement to 3–4–1 in 1900, but then fell to a 1–7 season in 1901.
The first professional coaches: 1902–1910.
A football philosophy.
In 1902, Maryland Agricultural paid $300 for its first professional football coach, John Markey. Markey re-instated physical conditioning and incorporated a tackling dummy during practice for the first time at the school. He led Maryland to a 3–5–2 record his first season, before improving to 7–4 in his second year. Markey had not planned to play on the team, but was forced to fill in for a fullback who was intimidated by a death threat from a Georgetown fan. The following year, in the game against Columbian (now The George Washington University), their opponents complained that Markey was a professional. Maryland Agricultural responded with the same accusation against Columbian fullback Granville Church, and the teams came to an agreement to let both play. Markey went on to score the only points of the game in a 6–0 Maryland Agricultural victory.
At this time, there was no official regulating body for college sports. The Intercollegiate Athletic Association of the United States (IAAUS), predecessor to the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), was not formed until 1906. Maryland Agricultural attempted to rectify this lack of regulation by writing a "philosophy" for the sport, which stated in part that it would "offer no inducements to any athlete."
After his request for a salary increase was rebuffed, Markey coached part-time in 1904. Maryland recorded a 2–4–2 record, and he did not return as head coach the following year. Markey was replaced by Fred Nielsen, a former Nebraska halfback.
Arrival of Curley Byrd.
Under Nielsen in 1905, Harry "Curley" Byrd began his long career at Maryland. He saw his first action as an end late in the 0–17 loss to the Naval Academy. Byrd impressed Nielsen enough to earn the starting position for the remainder of the season. He would also play baseball and run track and field at the school, where he set the records for the 50- (5.2 seconds), 100- (10 seconds), and 220-yard (22.3 seconds) dashes. In 1906, Byrd also played as a quarterback, and in 1907, a kicker. Additionally, he assisted with coaching, as head coach Charles Melick and assistant coach Durant Church had other full-time jobs.
The Curley Byrd era: 1911–1934.
In 1911, Charley Donnelly was the head coach for the first seven games, before stepping down with a 2–4–1 record. Due to injuries, Maryland did not have enough players to field a practice squad and turned to local high schools for scrimmages. Curley Byrd was serving as the football coach at one of these high schools and agreed to take the head coaching job at Maryland, his alma mater. Byrd held that position for 24 years, making him the longest-serving football coach in school history. During this time, he developed a unique offensive scheme called the "Byrd system", which combined elements of the single-wing and double-wing formations. He also coached the basketball and baseball teams from 1913 to 1923.
Founding of the University of Maryland.
The campus was devastated by a fire in 1912, which deepened the school's grave financial difficulties. In 1916, the state government took full control of the school and renamed it Maryland State College. Byrd became the assistant athletic director in 1918 and assisted in the consolidation with the professional colleges in Baltimore, which resulted in the creation of the University of Maryland. During this time, the team was referred as 'The Old Liners', most likely in reference to the state nickname.
During his tenure, Byrd greatly increased fan and faculty interest and financial support for football at Maryland. Prior to 1912, the team lacked any facilities and its one field left much to be desired. In 1915, Byrd requested funds for the school's first stadium and associated facilities.
In 1913, Maryland Agricultural compiled a 6–3 record. The team shut-out four Maryland state universities: Johns Hopkins (26–0), Western Maryland (46–0), St. John's (13–0), and Washington College (20–0). For the feat, Maryland Agricultural won the state championship. In 1914, the MAC tallied a 5–3 record. In intrastate play, the Farmers recorded wins over Johns Hopkins, St. John's, and Washington College, and a loss to Western Maryland. Once again, the team secured the state championship. The following year, Maryland met Johns Hopkins at Homewood Field on Thanksgiving Day, which drew the venue's all-time record crowd of 13,000 spectators. Hopkins won a hard-fought defensive struggle, 3–0, and the two teams met on the occasion all but two subsequent years through 1934, the final game of the series.
Jack Faber, who played for Byrd at the time, said that Maryland scheduled games against "four or five schools every year we had no right beating." Maryland achieved a winning record each season during Byrd's first decade of coaching, from 1911 to 1920. In that period, the team also accumulated a 7–2–1 record against arch-rival Johns Hopkins. The following decade, the team played an increasingly difficult and farther afield schedule. During the 1920s Maryland recorded wins against some of the period's powerhouses: Yale, Rutgers, Princeton, Pennsylvania, Syracuse, Cornell, and North Carolina.
Conferences reshuffle.
For the 1920 season, Maryland played in the South Atlantic Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SAIAA). Meanwhile, members of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA) were locked in a heated debate over whether first-year students should be eligible to play football. The larger schools, in general, were against the practice, and eventually the disagreement resulted in a schism within the SIAA. Eight teams from the SIAA split to form the Southern Conference: Alabama, Auburn, Clemson, Georgia, Georgia Tech, Kentucky, Mississippi State, and Tennessee. They were joined by six non-SIAA members: North Carolina, North Carolina State, Virginia, Virginia Tech, Washington & Lee, and Maryland. Maryland would remain within the Southern Conference for the next three decades.
In 1923, the eponymous stadium, for which Byrd had petitioned funding, was completed at a cost of $60,000 with a maximum capacity of 10,000. That season was also one of Byrd's most successful. He hired former Maryland quarterback and future long-time basketball coach, Burton Shipley, as an assistant coach. The team shutout five of its opponents and held Johns Hopkins and Catholic to just six points apiece, for an overall record of 7–2–1. The only losses came at Yale and against Virginia Tech. Maryland led Yale, 14–12, at halftime, but a referee ruled incomplete a drop kick that Byrd claimed was good by a "country mile". Yale won the game, 16–14. Mainly for his performance against Yale and Penn, end Bill "Zeke" Supplee was named an All-American by the Associated Press. He was the first Maryland player honored as such.
In 1928, Maryland finished with a 6–3–1 record, but tallied wins over "three of ancient rivals": Johns Hopkins, Yale, and Virginia. That season, Gerald "Snitz" Snyder became the second Old Liner to be named an All-American, when the Associated Press selected him to their second-team.
In 1933, Byrd spearheaded the adoption of the diamondback terrapin as the official school mascot. He had already renamed the student newspaper "The Diamondback" in 1921, and the football team was referred to as the "Terrapins", in addition to the older nicknames, as early as 1928. At some point, newspapers shortened the nickname to the "Terps" in order to abridge headlines.
Big-name coaches: 1935–1946.
When Byrd became the university president in 1935, Jack Faber replaced him as head coach and accumulated a 7–2–2 record. The following year, Frank Dobson, former Georgia Tech assistant coach under John Heisman, assumed the head coaching position. After a 6–5 first season, Dobson led the Terrapins to an 8–2 record in 1937. The highlight of the season was a 13–0 shutout of 17th-ranked Syracuse. In the homecoming game, Charlie Weidinger completed a pass to William Bryant for a 13–7 go-ahead over Florida. The Terrapins' two losses came against Penn and Penn State, the latter being the second game in a rivalry that would bedevil Maryland throughout its entire duration. At the end of the season, Maryland was declared the Southern Conference champions, the team's first major conference title.
The following two years, 1938 and 1939, saw Dobson's teams accumulate 2–7 records, and he was replaced by Jack Faber. However, Faber did not have much more success, going 2–6–1 in 1940 and 3–5–1 in 1941.
Shaughnessy's T-formation.
In 1942, Clark Shaughnessy was hired as head coach. Shaughnessy had achieved fame at Stanford, where he installed his quarterback-centric version of the T-formation as his primary offensive scheme. In response, Glenn "Pop" Warner had said, "If Stanford wins a single game with that crazy formation, you can throw all the football I ever knew in the Pacific Ocean." Stanford, which had gone 1–7–1 the previous season, went undefeated in Shaughnessy's first year and earned the number-two ranking in the final AP Poll. Shaughnessy was named 1940 College Coach of the Year for the turnaround performance. Under Shaughnessy, the Terps went 7–2, with one of the losses a 0–42 shutout at Duke, which in five seasons had won the Southern Conference three times and been ranked in the AP top-20 four times. After one season, Shaughnessy left Maryland for Pittsburgh.
For 1943 and 1944, Clarence Spears was the Maryland head coach. Like Shaughnessy, Spears had taken an underachieving team and turned them around. In 1925, he took over Minnesota, which had posted a 3–3–2 record the prior season, and led them to a share of the 1927 Big Ten championship. However, at Maryland, when Spears accumulated a record of 5–12–1 after two seasons, he too was replaced.
Bryant's brief stint.
In 1945, Paul "Bear" Bryant, who would later go on to achieve legendary status among football coaches, was named the head coach at Maryland. During his first year as a college head coach, Bryant led Maryland to a respectable 6–2–1 record, including a last-second win over out-of-state rival Virginia. However, he resigned after just one season, when university president Curley Byrd reinstated a player that Bryant had suspended.
In 1946, Clark Shaughnessy returned from Pittsburgh to Maryland for one more season. That year, the Terrapins recorded a 3–6 season including losses to North Carolina, South Carolina, Michigan State, and N.C. State. After that, Shaughnessy went on to coach the National Football League's Los Angeles Rams in 1948 and 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20706358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706358" title="Tianhe Sports Center Station">
Tianhe Sports Center Station

Tianhe Sports Center Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 28June 1999. It is situated under Tiyu East Road () next to the Tianhe Sports Center () in the Tianhe District, near Guangzhou Computer Town ().

</doc>
<doc id="20706399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706399" title="Gal Circle">
Gal Circle

Story.
Geronimo III sends Shinosuke across the ocean to Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan, on a quest to find a girl named Imoko. Shinosuke stirs up commotion in the shopping district with his eccentric, misplaced cowboy attitude as he disrupts the town with his lasso. On his adventure, he meets the girls of Angel Heart.

</doc>
<doc id="20706401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706401" title="Daikan (disambiguation)">
Daikan (disambiguation)

Daikan has various meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="20706405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706405" title="Title X">
Title X

The Title X Family Planning Program, officially known as Public Law 91-572 or “Population Research and Voluntary Family Planning Programs” was enacted under President Richard Nixon in 1970 as part of the Public Health Service Act. Title X is the only existing federal grant program that is completely devoted to providing comprehensive family planning and other related preventive health services to individuals. Title X is legally designed to prioritize the needs of individuals from low-income families and/or uninsured people (including those who are not eligible for Medicaid) who might not otherwise have access to these health care services. These services are provided to low-income and uninsured individuals at reduced or no cost. Its overall purpose is to promote positive birth outcomes and healthy families by allowing individuals to decide the number and spacing of their children. The other health services provided in Title X-funded clinics are integral in achieving this objective.
Title X is administered by the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Health, Office of Population Affairs (OPA) by the Office of Family Planning (OFP). The statute and regulations of Title X require that 90 percent of congressional appropriations be used for clinical family planning purposes. In FY2010, Congress appropriated around $317 million for the Title X Family Planning program.
Title X’s mandate and administration.
According to OPA, Title X operates by granting funds to a network of community-based clinics that provide contraceptive services, related counseling, and other preventive health services. Typical grantees include State and local health departments, tribal organizations, hospitals, university health centers, independent clinics, community health centers, faith-based organizations, and various public and private nonprofit entities. OPA estimates that there is at least one clinic receiving Title X funding in 75% of counties in the U.S.
Ten Public Health Service Regional Offices are given the Title X funding and subsequently award regional service and training grant funds through a competitive review process. These offices also monitor program performance. Planned Parenthood clinics and affiliates are granted approximately 25% of Title X funding.
The services provided by Title X grantees include family planning and provision of contraception, education and counseling, breast and pelvic exams, breast and cervical cancer screening, screenings and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) and Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), education about preventing STDs and HIV and counseling for affected patients, referrals to other health care resources, pregnancy diagnosis, and pregnancy counseling.
In addition to providing these services, Title X works to improve the overall quality of family planning services offered in the U.S. and help grantees better respond to patient needs. Title X funds training for family planning clinic staff in 10 regional training programs and three national programs that emphasize clinical training, improving family planning services targeted at males, and coordinating training at a national level. Title X also looks to improve the provision of family planning services by engaging in data collection and research of the program and its grantees. Finally, Title X funds also aid in disseminating information and implementing outreach and education activities in communities.
Title X funding.
Title X is funded every fiscal year by Congressional appropriations. It received approximately $317 million in FY2010 appropriations and enacted spending. President Barack Obama’s proposed budget for FY2012 would provide Title X with $327 million, which, according to the White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB), would represent an increase of nearly $11 million over 2010 enacted spending.
Title X receives further funding from Medicaid reimbursements and additional federal sources. Combined with Congressional appropriations, these funding sources amount to over half of the operational funds provided to Title X grantees. The remainder of the funding comes from State and local funds, in addition to private sources like insurance and some patient fees.
Title X and abortion.
By preventing unintended pregnancies, Title X reduces the number of abortions in the United States. Title X does not fund abortion and never has since its establishment. 
Title X has been seen as a controversial federal program due to its family planning mandate, and has subsequently become entangled with the abortion debate. This has been particularly prevalent during 2011 negotiations for a continuing resolution to provide funding for the government and its programs, as well as the proposed FY2012 budget.
However, abortion opponents often take issue with Title X since 25% of all Title X money goes to Planned Parenthood affiliates, and Planned Parenthood clinics are the nation’s biggest private abortion providers. Although Planned Parenthood is prohibited from using federal funds to perform abortions, abortion opponents argue that any money given to Planned Parenthood from Title X frees up more nonfederal money that can be used to perform abortions. Then Representative, now Governor Mike Pence, a Republican from Indiana, has led the charge to prevent Planned Parenthood from receiving Title X funds. House Republicans have called for cuts of over $300 million from Title X for the rest of FY2011, ostensibly in order to reduce the number of abortions.
Impact of Title X.
In 2006, publicly funded family planning services (Medicaid, Title X, and state funds) helped women avoid 1.94 million unintended pregnancies, thus preventing about 860,000 unintended births and 810,000 abortions. Without publicly funded family planning services, the number of unintended pregnancies and abortions in the United States would be nearly two-thirds higher among women overall and among teens; the number of unintended pregnancies among poor women would nearly double
The services provided at publicly funded clinics saved the federal and state governments an estimated $5.1 billion in 2008 in short term medical costs. Nationally, every $1.00 invested in helping women avoid unintended pregnancy saved $3.74 in Medicaid expenditures that otherwise would have been needed.
According to President Obama’s FY2012 proposed budget and the OMB, Title X provides grants to a network of over 4,500 clinics that annually serve over 5 million individuals. The OPA describes their clientele as racially and ethnically diverse, with most patients in their early 20s. Title X mainly serves low- to middle-income women, but has stepped up its efforts to involve men in family planning efforts and the number of male clients is on the rise.
In February 2011, a National Public Radio (NPR) article evaluated the impact of Title X. NPR cites a Guttmacher Institute report claiming that Title X grantee clinics serve 15% of women in the U.S. who use contraceptive prescriptions and supplies or get annual contraception check-ups. Furthermore, only five percent of patients served by Title X funding at these clinics came in solely for birth control. Nearly 90% also received preventive gynecological attention, and over 50% were treated for STIs or reproductive tract infections or related conditions.
Title X clinics and funding may represent the sole source of health care services for many of their clients. Of the 5.2 million patients served in 2009, 70% were below the federal poverty line and around 66% had no health insurance. In 2006, over 60% of women who received health care services at a Title X clinic identified that as their usual source of health care.

</doc>
<doc id="20706430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706430" title="Erik Hoppe">
Erik Hoppe

Erik Hoppe (1896–1968) was a Danish painter who is remembered for his paintings from the Copenhagen area, especially those with young ladies in the park at Valby.
Hoppe also mastered the effects of light and colour. His earlier work is typified by greens and dull shades but later he produced compositions benefitting from bright sunlight. His style reflects the peculiarly Danish form of modernism, initially based on the sombre everyday-realism of around 1930. Affinities with the work of Edvard Weie and Harald Giersing can also be detected as his style developed to a lighter, less constrained approach. This tendency was soon to lead to the Grønningen movement which brought together painters of nature and everyday life. 
Erik Hoppe is now recognised as one of the more important recent Danish landscape painters whose work can be compared not only to Weie and Giersing but also to Asger Jorn and Per Kirkeby.

</doc>
<doc id="20706450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706450" title="Levi D. Slamm">
Levi D. Slamm

Levi D. Slamm (1812 – October 6, 1862, Mamaroneck, New York) was an American labor leader, the editor of the "Daily Plebeian", a radical Democrat and a leader of New York City’s Locofocos.
Slamm was born in New York City, the son of an Revolutionary War veteran and a grocer. Slamm followed in his father's profession but eventually became a locksmith. As a young man in 1830, Slamm sailed aboard the "Corvo" from Boston under Capt. Jeremiah Spalding in August, together with Samuel Colt, the firearms inventor, and apparently they became fast friends. When the economic troubles of the 1830s began, he joined the Locofocos and soon became one of the most influential, in part through his publication of the radical periodical the "Daily Plebeian". The "New York Herald" nicknamed the Locofocos "Slamm, Bang, and Company" in reference to Levi and another party leader, Henry Bangs. In 1838, together with Locofocos Alexander Ming Jr. and Charles Ferris, Slamm struck a deal with the Tammany Hall General Committee to adopt the entire Locofoco's radical "Declaration of Rights", thus uniting the two halves of New York's Democratic Party that had been in schism since 1835.
Following this success, Slamm was appointed purser in the United States Navy on November 30, 1846, by President James K. Polk following the death of purser Richard Russell Waldron on October 30. Soon after his naval appointment Slamm married Jane E. Morsell in December, 1846.
He died as a result of injuries received while boarding a ship in Montevideo.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="20706459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706459" title="Ridley Athletic Complex">
Ridley Athletic Complex

The Rev. Harold Ridley, S.J. Intercollegiate Athletic Complex is a multi-sport facility owned and operated by Loyola University Maryland. It is located 1½ miles (2.41 kilometers) west of the main campus in Baltimore, Maryland, on a parcel of land at the southwest corner of the intersection of the Jones Falls Expressway and Coldspring Lane in the Woodberry neighborhood. At a total cost of US $62 million, it was the largest capital project in Loyola's history. Named after Rev. Harold Ridley, S.J. at the request of an anonymous donor whose $5 million contribution was the most from an individual to the university, the complex is the home of the Loyola Greyhounds men's and women's soccer and lacrosse teams and men's rugby union club. It will also be the home venue for the Baltimore Bohemians beginning with the 2013 season.
Features.
The centerpiece of the complex is J. Richard Awalt Field, named after the president of The Century Corporation who was a member of the Class of 1950 at Loyola College and a major factor in the facility's advancement. A 6,000-seat double-decked grandstand running the length of the field is situated along one side. The two decks are separated by a promenade with concession and merchandise stands, public restrooms and stairs that connect both levels. Overlooking the seating areas are press boxes and luxury suites. Eight sets of light standards, four on each side spread evenly apart, illuminate the stadium for nighttime events. A pair of video scoreboards featuring light-emitting diode technology were installed by Daktronics. The playing surface is Sportexe Momentum artificial turf.
The auxiliary practice field immediately to the south is named the Sean Lugano Memorial Field, in memory of the 1995 Loyola graduate and one-time captain of the university's men's rugby union team who died in the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center. Lugano's family and friends raised over $1 million to name the field in his honor. It is the home of the Loyola Rugby Football Club. The playing surface is the same as the one at Awalt Field.
History.
The idea for the athletic complex originated in a 1995 conversation between Ridley, Loyola's president at the time, and athletic director Joe Boylan. Land for the smart-growth project was purchased in 1998, with previously owned by LifeBridge Health and the other 50 (20.23 ha) by the City.
The project was stalled for years as the university faced opposition from Woodberry residents, mainly over environmental concerns since the parcel was once a landfill. Eventually the land underwent environmental remediation with the installation of geomembranes to prevent groundwater contamination and a collection system that captured gases from leaking into the atmosphere. Additionally of the site were placed in forest conservation easements. Construction of the complex finally began in the spring of 2006.
The opening event at the Ridley was a friendly match on March 10, 2010 between the Loyola Greyhounds men's soccer team and Crystal Palace Baltimore in a fundraiser to benefit Catholic Relief Services' Haitian earthquake recovery efforts. The Greyhounds won 4–3. Its first intercollegiate contest there, a 3–1 loss to William & Mary, was played six months later on September 7. Palace hosted a regular-season game that summer on August 18, a 2–0 defeat to the Rochester Rhinos.
The official dedication ceremony for the whole complex was performed prior to the Loyola men's lacrosse home opener against Duke University on March 13, 2010. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, Archbishop Edwin O'Brien and Loyola President Rev. Brian F. Linnane, S.J. led the celebration. The Greyhounds lost to the Blue Devils 8–5 in front of a sellout crowd. Women's sports premiered on March 16 with Loyola defeating Rutgers 18–6 in lacrosse. The first contest at the facility for the Greyhounds' women's soccer squad resulted in a 3–2 victory over Towson on August 21.
The Ridley was the site of the 2010 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Men's and Women's Soccer Championships. Between the host school's two teams, only the men qualified. They lost to Saint Peter's College 2–1 in two overtime periods in the semifinals on November 12. Two days later, the Peacocks defeated Iona College 2–1 for the championship. Siena College won the women's title one week earlier on November 7 with a 1–0 overtime victory over Canisius College.
The Greyhounds men's lacrosse team had an 18–1 overall record en route to its first-ever national championship in 2012. Its only defeat was a 10–9 overtime decision to Johns Hopkins at the Ridley on April 28.
The Baltimore Bohemians announced on January 28, 2013 that it was moving all home matches for the upcoming season to the Ridley.

</doc>
<doc id="20706499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706499" title="Tiyu Xilu Station">
Tiyu Xilu Station

Tiyu Xilu Station () is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28June 1999 (for Line 1) and 26December 2005 (for Line 3). It is situated under Tiyu Road West () and Tianhe 1st South Road () in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou City. Guangdong Province, China. It is near Teem Plaza () and Guangzhou Books Center (), which makes it one of the busiest metro stations in Guangzhou.
The platforms for Line 1 are in the standard island platform layout whilst on Line 3 there are two island platforms serving three tracks. Northbound services to Tianhe Coach Terminal and southbound services to Panyu Square use the outer tracks whilst the train service to the airport uses the single centre track. The doors open on both sides of the centre track to allow cross-platform interchange in both directions.

</doc>
<doc id="20706598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706598" title="Jeremy Clarkson's Extreme Machines">
Jeremy Clarkson's Extreme Machines

"Jeremy Clarkson's Extreme Machines" was a six-part documentary series, originally broadcast on BBC Two in 1998. The series focused on presenter Jeremy Clarkson, testing out a series of cars, jet planes and powerboats.

</doc>
<doc id="20706640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706640" title="Armagh County Museum">
Armagh County Museum

The Armagh County Museum is a museum in Armagh, County Armagh, Northern Ireland. Located on the Mall, the museum is one of four museums included in National Museums Northern Ireland. The displays focus on the history, natural history and culture of County Armagh and include archaeological artefacts, historic domestic tools and items, textiles and costumes including military uniforms, ceramics, natural history and geology specimens, and railway memorabilia. 
The museum also features two temporary exhibition galleries with changing exhibits from its collections of paintings, prints, ceramics and other decorative arts, as well as displays of local art and photography.

</doc>
<doc id="20706644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706644" title="National Museums Northern Ireland">
National Museums Northern Ireland

National Museums Northern Ireland (formerly National Museums and Galleries of Northern Ireland) is based at Cultra, Northern Ireland and consists of Armagh County Museum, the Ulster American Folk Park, the Ulster Folk and Transport Museum and the Ulster Museum. It is also responsible for W5 at the Odyssey centre in Belfast.
NMNI is sponsored by the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure to promote history, art, science and the culture of the people of Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20706661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706661" title="Anima (organization)">
Anima (organization)

Anima is a Danish animal rights organization similar in function as PETA. The organization's motto is; "Foreningen for alle dyrs rettigheder" (the organization for the rights of all animals). Anima works by organizing protests, distributing information and providing free material and advise for vegetarians. The organization also has a youth site called anima2. This group deals and helps teenagers in their everyday lives and informs of music bands who fight for animals etc.
References.
anima.dk the organization's website
anima2.dk the youth site

</doc>
<doc id="20706676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706676" title="Thomas Carter (Irish politician)">
Thomas Carter (Irish politician)

Thomas Carter (29 March 1882 – 11 September 1951) was an Irish politician whose career spanned two different time periods and political parties. A shopkeeper, he was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 general election for the Leitrim–Roscommon North constituency. He supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted in favour of it. He was re-elected unopposed as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election. He was re-elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal TD for the Leitrim–Sligo constituency at the 1923 general election. He resigned on 30 October 1924 and the subsequent by-election held on 11 March 1925 was won by Samuel Holt of Sinn Féin.
Carter returned to politics when he was elected as a Fianna Fáil TD for the Athlone–Longford constituency at the 1943 general election. He was re-elected as a Fianna Fáil TD at the 1944 general election, and after constituency boundary changes he was elected for Longford–Westmeath at the 1948 general election. He retired from politics at the 1951 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20706690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706690" title="Pennsylvania-class steamship">
Pennsylvania-class steamship

The "Pennsylvania" class steamships—"Pennsylvania", "Ohio", "Indiana" and "Illinois"— were a class of four cargo-passenger liners built by the Philadelphian shipbuilder William Cramp & Sons in 1872-73. Intended for the newly established American Line, the four ships were at the time the largest iron ships yet built in the United States, and were launched with considerable fanfare. Upon entering service in 1874, they also became the first American-built steamships to challenge British dominance of the transatlantic trade since the American Civil War.
Although soon outclassed by newer and larger vessels, all four of the "Pennsylvania" class steamships were to enjoy long and distinguished careers, the last of them being retired from service in 1921.
Development.
Since 1850, the Pennsylvania Railroad Company (PRR) had enjoyed a lucrative partnership with the British Inman Line, which transported European immigrants from Liverpool direct to Philadelphia, thus ensuring the Railroad a steady stream of customers. In 1857, the Inman Line switched its destination to New York, depriving the Pennsylvania Railroad of this lucrative trade. The Railroad made its first attempt to compensate for the lost traffic by organizing its own steamship line in 1863, but the plan was dropped after the Philadelphia city council declined to provide financial support.
After a failed attempt to gain control of a Scottish shipping line, the Anchor Line, in 1870, Pennsylvania Railroad decided to try establishing its own shipping line once again. It petitioned the Pennsylvania State Legislature for a charter for a new company to be known as the American Steamship Company (ASC), created to manage a new shipping line known as the American Line, which would be American's first transatlantic line since the end of the American Civil War. The Legislature granted the ASC its company charter in April 1871.
The ASC convened its first meeting on April 4, 1871, at which a committee was appointed by the company directors to recommend suitable vessels for its operations. The committee recommended the purchase of four iron steamships of 3,000 or more gross tons, capable of attaining a speed of 11.5 knots and of carrying 75 first class and 1,000 steerage passengers—specifications which were designed to ensure the new shipping line's competitiveness with existing transatlantic lines. The committee's recommendations were subsequently approved by the directors, and a public contract for the four vessels put out to tender.
Four bids were eventually submitted, ranging as high as $660,000 per ship. The bidders were John Roach & Sons, William Cramp & Sons, Neafie & Levy and Dialogue & Wood - all Philadelphia firms. The winning bidder was Cramp & Sons, which submitted the lowest bid of $520,000 per unit, and the contract for all four ships was subsequently signed with that company on August 30. Design of the vessels was entrusted to the marine architect Barnabus H. Bartol, a director of the American Line, and the head of the Cramp shipyard, Charles Cramp.
Construction.
In 1871, no American shipyard was equipped to build even a single ship of the dimensions of the "Pennsylvania" class, let alone an entire class of such vessels. The largest iron ship built in the United States to date was Harlan and Hollingsworth's steamer "Wyanoke", launched in 1870 and more than 1,000 tons lighter than a ship of the "Pennsylvania" class. In order to construct the four vessels, Cramp & Sons was forced to undertake a major revamping of its shipbuilding facilities.
The company began by purchasing real estate at Norris St., Philadelphia, a few blocks from its existing works, on which it built an entirely new shipyard, which was fitted with its own blacksmith, engine, boiler and carpentry shops in addition to a 700-foot outfitting wharf. Cramp also purchased new tools and production equipment. Cost of the real estate alone was above $265,000, and in order to limit the financial risk involved in the expansion, the firm made the decision to incorporate as the William Cramp & Sons Ship and Engine Building Company; however, it remained a proprietary business with the Cramp family owning all the shares.
Fortuitously, Cramp & Sons had built its first compound engine only the previous year, and Charles Cramp had also recently travelled to the United Kingdom to acquaint himself with the latest developments in engine technology, hiring a consultant engineer along the way. The company was thus in a position to fit engines of the latest design. Many parts for the ships however, such as iron plates, anchor chains, joinery for the first class cabins, gas fixtures etc., came from specialist Philadelphian manufacturers under subcontract.
Work on the ships remained on schedule until about February 1872, when progress began to be delayed by shortages of both craftsmen and materials. Cramp had expanded his company's workforce to over 1,000 to build the ships, but strong industry-wide demand at the time made it difficult to find skilled workers. The local ironmolding industry also had difficulty supplying the Cramp shipyard with the amount of iron plate it required.
Launch.
By August 1872 the first of the four ships, "Pennsylvania" was ready for launch. The event was considered of such patriotic and economic significance that a half day holiday was declared for the cities of Philadelphia and Camden and the surrounding area. The launch took place at 10:12 am on Thursday, August 15, watched by thousands of cheering spectators.
The second ship, "Ohio", followed on October 30. On December 28, Philadelphia's Mayor William S. Stokley presented the American Line with four twelve pound Dahlgren howitzers intended for installation on the ships as signal guns—a gesture of civic pride in the achievement of building the four vessels. The last two ships of the class, "Indiana" and "Illinois", were launched in March and June 1873.
Description.
When completed, each of the four "Pennsylvania" class ships was fitted with a 2,000 horsepower compound steam engine serviced by several large boilers, delivering power to a single propeller. Each vessel had a single large stack amidships and two schooner-rigged auxiliary masts, one fore and one aft, capable of utilizing a total of ten sails. The sails were only for use in case of mechanical breakdown.
An idea of the vessels' internal appointments may be drawn from descriptions of two of the individual ships of the class. "Indiana"'s main saloon, finished in English walnut panelling, was 115 by 43 feet, and spanned the entire width of the ship. It featured a Waters piano at one end and a "finely covered bookcase" at the other. The ship featured the latest in accommodations, including bathrooms, a smoking room and a barbershop. "Pennsylvania"'s cabins were equipped with hair mattresses and fine quality silk-striped terrycloth curtains. While the cabins were finished in a uniform style, each was decorated with a different fabric, lending them an attractive variety.
Service history.
When "Pennsylvania" set sail for Liverpool on her maiden voyage on May 22, 1873 on behalf of the American Line, she was the first ship owned by an American shipping line to participate in the transatlantic trade since the Civil War. "Pennsylvania" was soon joined by her three sister ships, and the four vessels would continue to ply the same Philadelphia-Queenstown-Liverpool route almost without change for many years.
Financial troubles.
Unfortunately, the vessels' entry into service closely coincided with the panic of 1873, which triggered one of the longest economic recessions in U.S. history. By 1875, immigration to the United States had plunged to just 50% of its previous level, while overall trade declined 17%. Consequently the four ships—the only ships fully owned by the American Steamship Company—steadily lost money.
A number of attempts were made to improve profitability—for example, in 1875 all four ships had their capacity for carrying first class passengers upgraded from 75 to 100, and in the same year an unsuccessful attempt to transport fruit was made. A more successful experiment was made in November of the same year when the "Illinois" sailed for Liverpool with 30 sides of dressed beef along with 140 sides of mutton and some poultry, which may have been the first successful shipment of fresh meat across the Atlantic. However, reliable shipments of fresh meat would not become possible until the invention of refrigeration some twenty years later.
A high point for the class came in 1876, when the "Indiana" had the honor of transporting President Ulysses S. Grant to Liverpool on the first leg of his highly successful world tour. By this time however the ASC's financial troubles were well known, and in 1878, the ships' original builder, William Cramp & Sons, offered to buy back three of the four "Pennsylvania" class ships in order to convert them into cruisers for the Russian Navy. The ASC refused the offer.
Transfer of management.
A brief upturn in the U.S. economy between 1879 and 1881 assisted the ASC's profitability, but after the economy slumped again in 1882, ASC's parent company, the Pennsylvania Railroad, was no longer prepared to underwrite the losses. In October 1884, the Pennsylvania Railroad forced the sale of the ASC's four "Pennsylvania" class ships to its other shipping company, the International Navigation Company, and the American Steamship Company was disbanded. In the course of its ten-year history, the ASC had cost the PRR almost a million dollars, although the losses were offset to some extent by the extra business the "Pennsylvania" class ships had brought to the railroad. Around this time, each of the four ships also had their hulls strengthened at the cost of $25,000 per ship.
The main difference between the ASC and the INC was that the former had run American-built, American-flagged ships, while the latter employed foreign built vessels which sailed under the Belgian flag and operated under the name of the Red Star Line. This saved money because the Red Star Line employed European crews, who were paid less than their American counterparts. The INC, however, continued to run the "Pennsylvania" class on the Philadelphia-Queenstown-Liverpool route under the established American Line name.
Later service.
Between 1887 and 1891, all four ships of the class were refitted with smaller but more modern triple expansion steam engines, which were more economical to run and allowed for more cargo space. At the same time, all but "Ohio" were downgraded to carry only cabin- and steerage-class passengers. During the 1890s, the vessels operated a variety of different routes, sometimes under charter to the Red Star Line, including Antwerp–New York and Antwerp-Philadelphia, as well as their original Liverpool to Philadelphia route.
In 1897, Clement Acton Griscom, head of the Inman Line which now controlled the vessels, took advantage of high demand for American flag vessels caused by the Alaskan gold rush to sell off his ageing fleet of "Pennsylvania" class vessels. "Pennsylvania", "Ohio" and "Indiana" were all sold to Pacific steamship companies servicing gold rush customers, while the fourth ship, "Illinois" was sold to the U.S. Navy to serve as a supply ship. All four ships continued to serve in these respective roles for at least another dozen years. 
"Pennsylvania", "Ohio" and "Indiana" all eventually succumbed to accidents in Pacific waters. "Illinois", as , served in both the Spanish-American War and the First World War, and continued in U.S. Navy service until being struck from the Navy List in 1921. She was finally scrapped in 1928. In total, the four ships of the "Pennsylvania" class gave a total of well over 160 years of service to their various owners.

</doc>
<doc id="20706709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706709" title="SS Pennsylvania (1872)">
SS Pennsylvania (1872)

SS "Pennsylvania" was an iron passenger-cargo steamship built by William Cramp & Sons in 1872. The first of a series of four "Pennsylvania"-class vessels and the lead ship in her class, "Pennsylvania" and her three sister ships - "Ohio", "Indiana" and "Illinois" - were the largest iron ships ever built in the United States at the time of their construction, and amongst the first to be fitted with compound steam engines. They were also the first ships to challenge British dominance of the transatlantic trade since the American Civil War.
Launched with great fanfare in 1872, "Pennsylvania" narrowly escaped destruction by hurricane in her first year of operation, but went on to enjoy a long and distinguished career. Though soon outclassed by newer ships, she continued in operation for some 44 years, plying various transatlantic routes and later playing a role in the Alaskan gold rush and serving as a troopship during the Spanish-American War. The ship was finally destroyed by a fire in 1918.
Development.
The four "Pennsylvania" class liners were constructed at a cost of $520,000 each by William Cramp & Sons on behalf of the American Steamship Company (ASC), a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company. The Railroad intended to utilize the vessels to bring European immigrants direct to Philadelphia, thus ensuring the company a steady stream of customers. In recognition of this purpose, the four ships - "Pennsylvania", "Indiana", "Illinois" and "Ohio" - were named after the four states serviced by the Railroad. Design of the ships was entrusted to Charles H. Cramp of the Cramp & Sons shipyard, and Barnabas H. Bartol, a director of the ASC.
Construction.
At 3,000 gross tons apiece, the ships were 1,000 tons larger than any iron ship previously constructed in the United States, and Cramp & Sons was forced to undertake a substantial upgrade of its facilities to complete them. The company established an entirely new shipyard for construction of the vessels, serviced by its own blacksmith, engine, boiler and carpentry shops, as well as providing it with a 700-foot outfitting wharf. Cost of the real estate alone was in excess of $265,000, and Cramp & Sons was obliged to incorporate as the William Cramp & Sons Engine and Ship Building Company in order to limit the financial risk involved. Fortuitously, Cramp & Sons had only recently built its first compound marine steam engine, and consequently the shipyard was able to install the vessels with the latest in engine technology.
The original contract called for "Pennsylvania" to be completed by September 1, 1872, but the schedule proved optimistic. A short-lived shipbuilding boom in the early 1870s made it difficult for the Cramp shipyard to obtain iron plates and other materials, and the yard was also affected by shortages of skilled labor. As a result, the ship would not be ready for delivery until almost nine months later.
Launch.
"Pennsylvania" was launched on August 15, 1872. The event was considered of such significance that—in an era of the 12-hour day and six day working week—a half day holiday was declared for the entire city of Philadelphia and the surrounding area. Piers, buildings and ships, including "Pennsylvania" herself, were decorated with patriotic bunting and flags of every description, and a vast crowd of sightseers thronged every available vantage point along the river, while others watched from the hundreds of boats large and small, many of which had been rented out as excursion vessels for the occasion. At 10:12 am, William Cramp gave the order to cut the stays, and "Pennsylvania" slid down the ways and into the Delaware River to "the cheers of a vast throng, the blowing of a hundred steam whistles, and a salvo of artillery."
It would be many more months, however, before the ship was ready for service. Difficulties in obtaining castings for the engines added to the existing delays, and consequently the ship's trials were not held until the week of May 3, 1873. After a 48-hour speed-and-economy trial of the ship's engines along the Delaware River, "Pennsylvania"'s performance was declared satisfactory, and she was handed over to her new owners.
Service history.
"Pennsylvania" departed Philadelphia on her maiden voyage on May 22, 1873, commanded by Captain George Sumner and with a complement of 56 first-class passengers, including Major Thomas T. Firth, a leading executive of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, and his wife. The voyage proved not without incident as the ship shed propellor blades during the transatlantic crossing, and she arrived at Liverpool under sail, after which she spent some time in drydock undergoing repairs. By June 23 she was ready to make the return voyage, with a full complement of passengers and a substantial cargo. "Pennsylvania" thereafter would continue to make regular crossings between Philadelphia and Liverpool for the next thirteen years.
1874 hurricane.
Although destined for many years of reliable service, "Pennsylvania"'s career was almost prematurely ended only a few months after launch. The winter of 1873-74 was a particularly bad one on the Atlantic, and would prove a traumatic one for the crew and passengers of "Pennsylvania".
"Pennsylvania" departed Liverpool for Philadelphia at 2:30pm February 21, 1874, with a typical small winter-passage complement of two saloon and twelve steerage-class passengers, and some $250,000 of cargo. On the night of February 27, the ship ran into a hurricane on the open sea. Giant waves swept everything from the ship's decks and flooded the passenger saloon, while the ship struggled to retain headway. At around midnight, a mammoth wave slammed down upon the vessel, sweeping away all the lifeboats and liferafts, and breaking the foreboom and all four of the ship's forward hatches. Water began pouring into the holds, until they were about one quarter full. Tragically, the huge wave had also swept away the wheelhouse, the mate's house, and part of the wooden ship's bridge, taking with them the captain of the ship and four crew members, none of whom were ever seen again.
Command of the ship thereby devolved upon the ship's third officer, Charles Rivers, but Rivers, apparently in a state of shock, proved incapable of action. Fortunately, one of the ship's small complement of passengers, Cornelius L. Brady, was a ships' master himself with recent experience of such a crisis. Brady had been the hero in the shipwreck of the SS "Atlantic" less than a year prior, where his courageous action in personally establishing a rope to shore was credited with saving as many as 250 lives. Now he was now about to lead another rescue effort. Brady quickly ordered the crew to secure the damaged upper forward hatches with hatches from the lower deck, in order to stop the further flow of water into the ship. A delegation of the crew then implored Brady to take command, a proposal which he accepted. Brady made his way ondeck to the midships wheelhouse, where he ordered the helmsman to turn the ship into the wind. He then rang the engine room to reduce the ship's speed to dead slow.
The ship was to survive another five days of battering from high seas until February 28, when the storm finally broke, after which Brady brought the ship home safely to Philadelphia, albeit a week late. The drama was not quite over however. Having just saved a $600,000 ship and its $250,000 cargo along with the passengers and crew from destruction, Brady felt insulted by a gift of just $1,000 offered by the American Steamship Company. He promptly sued for the full salvage value of the vessel, and in the subsequent court case, in which one witness after another testified in his favour, Brady was eventually awarded the sum of $4,000 plus $200 expenses, which after legal fees netted him the significantly improved sum of $2,550.
As a result of the destruction of the ship's wooden bridge during the hurricane, a new iron bridge was later installed on all four of the "Pennsylvania" class vessels.
1875-1880s.
After this initial brush with destruction, "Pennsylvania" continued to provide regular service between Liverpool and Philadelphia for another thirteen years. In 1875, a decision was made to increase the first class complement of all "Pennsylvania" class vessels from 75 to 100. In 1878, "Pennsylvania" was involved in a collision with the schooner "H. B. Hume" in which the latter was sunk. Judgement in the case was rendered against "Pennsylvania" in 1882. In that same year, the wooden pilothouse in the bow of all four "Pennsylvania" class ships was replaced with an iron one for safety reasons.
In 1883-84, inspections revealed that all four "Pennsylvania" class ships required immediate maintenance to their hulls, which needed strengthening. The repairs were carried out at a cost of $25,000 per vessel, but the additional costs probably contributed to the Pennsylvania Railroad's decision to wind up the American Steamship Company, whose inception had coincided with the extended economic downturn beginning with the financial crisis of 1873, as a result of which the company had constantly struggled to turn a profit. With the demise of the ASC, "Pennsylvania" and her three sister ships were sold to the PRR's other shipping line, the International Navigation Company, which owned the Red Star Line. Unlike the ASC, the Red Star Line did not exclusively employ American crews, resulting in a net saving on wages, but the transfer meant an end to the ASC's original vision of a class of "American iron steamship, built of American materials, owned by American capital, and...manned by American seamen."
In 1887, "Pennsylvania" was finally transferred from the Liverpool-Philadelphia route, which she had maintained from her first voyage, to the Red Star Line's premier Antwerp-New York route. By this time, the Red Star Line had also acquired the prestigious Inman Steamship Company, and "Pennsylvania" reportedly sailed for the first time with the Inman Line in 1888, adopting the company's colours in 1893.
1890s-1918.
In 1891, "Pennsylvania" had a major overhaul when her outdated compound engine was replaced by a new triple-expansion engine supplied by the original builder, William Cramp & Sons. The new engine was smaller, allowing for more cargo space, and was more economical to run. By this time, the ship was beginning to show her age in comparison with newer and more modern vessels, and she no longer carried first class passengers. In the same year, the ship was switched to the less important Antwerp-Philadelphia route, which she maintained until 1898, making her last transatlantic crossing that year.
In the late 1890s, the Alaskan gold rush created a demand for American-flagged ships. The American Line took advantage of this demand to sell three of the ageing "Pennsylvania" class vessels, including "Pennsylvania", at a premium. On April 11, 1898, "Pennsylvania" sailed from Philadelphia to San Francisco on the Pacific Ocean, where she was sold to the Empire Line for service on the Seattle-Nome route. Shortly thereafter, she was requisitioned by the U.S. Navy to serve as a troopship during the Spanish-American War. 
"Pennsylvania"'s 44-year career eventually came to an end when she was destroyed by fire in Iquique, Chile on November 12, 1918, the day after Armistice Day.

</doc>
<doc id="20706717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706717" title="CP-532,903">
CP-532,903

CP-532,903 is a selective adenosine A3 subtype receptor agonist. It has antiinflammatory effects and has been shown to reduce superoxide generation in damaged tissues, and protects against tissue damage following myocardial ischemia, mediated via an interaction with ATP-sensitive potassium channels.

</doc>
<doc id="20706725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706725" title="SS Ohio (1872)">
SS Ohio (1872)

SS Ohio prior to Alaska Service 1897
SS "Ohio" was an iron passenger-cargo steamship built by William Cramp & Sons in 1872. The second of a series of four "Pennsylvania"-class vessels, "Ohio" and her three sister ships—"Pennsylvania", "Indiana" and —were the largest iron ships ever built in the United States at the time of their construction, and amongst the first to be fitted with compound steam engines. They were also the first ships to challenge British dominance of the transatlantic trade since the American Civil War.
"Ohio" spent most of her career on the Liverpool-Philadelphia route she had originally been designed to service. After 25 years of transatlantic crossings, "Ohio" was sold in 1898 for service in the Alaskan gold rush. She was wrecked in British Columbian waters in 1909.
Development.
The four "Pennsylvania" class liners were constructed at a cost of $520,000 each by William Cramp & Sons on behalf of the American Steamship Company (ASC), a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company. The Railroad intended to utilize the vessels to bring European immigrants direct to Philadelphia, thus ensuring the company a steady stream of customers. In recognition of this purpose, the four ships - "Pennsylvania", "Indiana", "Illinois" and "Ohio" - were named after the four states serviced by the Railroad. Design of the ships was entrusted to Charles H. Cramp of the Cramp & Sons shipyard, and Barnabas H. Bartol, a director of the ASC.
Construction.
At 3,000 gross tons apiece, the ships were 1,000 tons larger than any iron ship previously constructed in the United States, and Cramp & Sons was forced to undertake a substantial upgrade of its facilities to complete them. The company established an entirely new shipyard for construction of the vessels, serviced by its own blacksmith, engine, boiler and carpentry shops, as well as providing it with a outfitting wharf. Cost of the real estate alone was in excess of $265,000, and Cramp & Sons was obliged to incorporate as the William Cramp & Sons Engine and Ship Building Company in order to limit the financial risk involved. Fortuitously, Cramp & Sons had only recently built its first compound marine steam engine, and consequently the shipyard was able to install the vessels with the latest in engine technology.
The original contract called for "Ohio" to be completed by November 1, 1872, but the schedule proved optimistic. A short-lived shipbuilding boom in the early 1870s made it difficult for the Cramp shipyard to obtain iron plates and other materials, and the yard was also affected by shortages of skilled labor. The ship's launch consequently did not take place until October 30, and she was not completed for delivery until well into the following year.
Service history.
"Ohio"'s maiden voyage took place on August 7, 1873, on the Philadelphia-Queenstown-Liverpool route. She would continue working this route almost without interruption for the next 22 years.
1870s.
"Ohio"'s first few months of service proved eventful. The winter of 1873-74 was particularly bad on the Atlantic, and on a late winter voyage to Liverpool, "Ohio" lost two lifeboats, while her after wheelhouse was damaged beyond repair by the waves. During a March crossing to Philadelphia, the ship was so battered by heavy seas that she suffered damage to her bow. In May, some of "Ohio"'s cargo caught fire between Liverpool and Queenstown. After the fire was extinguished, the ship resumed her voyage to Liverpool, but the cargo caught fire a second time, and was only finally extinguished by a combination of battening the hatches to starve the flames of oxygen and the use of steam pumps. In February of the same year, the wooden bridge of "Ohio"'s sister ship "Pennsylvania" was torn from the vessel in a hurricane, and a new iron bridge was subsequently installed on all four of the "Pennsylvania" class vessels.
In 1875, a decision was made to increase the first class complement of all Pennsylvania class vessels from 75 to 100.
Failed experimental fruit shipment.
With the American Line struggling to turn a profit in the wake of the 1873 financial panic, the company decided to experiment with some novel exports. The first such experiment involved a large shipment of peaches onboard "Ohio".
Delaware fruit growers had experienced a bumper year in 1875, and a glut of peaches on the local market had depressed the price correspondingly. Seeking to take advantage of the situation, the ASC's management placed advertisements offering to ship the surplus fruit to the United Kingdom in specially ventilated compartments on "Ohio". The ASC organized a train to pick up the fruit, and the response was overwhelming, with over 4,500 baskets of peaches delivered. "Ohio" sailed for Liverpool with its cargo of peaches in late August.
The ASC had hoped to keep the fruit fresh during the transatlantic crossing by installing steam powered blowers to circulate an air current over the peaches through several tons of ice, but the ice was soon melted by heat from the ship's boilers and the sunny weather. By the time the ship reached Liverpool, the shipment of peaches had completely decomposed and was utterly worthless.
Undeterred by this failure, the ASC next attempted a shipment of fresh meat on board "Illinois", utilizing much the same technique. This time, the ice held out, and the meat arrived in Liverpool in excellent condition. A second shipment of meat was subsequently made; however, reliable shipments of fresh meat across the Atlantic would have to wait for the invention of refrigeration twenty years later.
1880s.
In 1882, the wooden pilothouse in the bow of all four Pennsylvania class ships was replaced with an iron one for safety reasons.
In 1883-84, inspections revealed that all four "Pennsylvania" class ships required immediate maintenance to their hulls, which needed strengthening. The repairs were carried out at a cost of $25,000 per vessel, but the additional costs probably contributed to the Pennsylvania Railroad's decision to wind up the American Steamship Company, which because of the after effects of the 1873 panic had always struggled to make a profit. With the demise of the ASC, "Ohio" and her three sister ships were transferred to management of the PRR's other shipping line, the Red Star Line, but "Ohio" continued to service her familiar Liverpool-Philadelphia route.
"Ohio" had a major refit with the installation of a triple-expansion steam engine to replace her original compound steam engine in 1887. The new engine, built and installed by James Howell of Glasgow, was smaller, allowing for more cargo space, and more economical to run. "Ohio"'s first class accommodation was also rebuilt. That same year, "Ohio" was switched from the Liverpool-Philadelphia run to the Liverpool-New York route. She commenced her first such crossing on August 16, 1887 and made her thirteenth and last voyage on this route commencing February 20, 1889.
"City of Paris" incident.
In 1890, "Ohio" was on her way to the United States when she encountered her fellow Red Star liner, the mighty "City of Paris", being towed back to Liverpool by the steamship "Aldersgate" and accompanied by the White Star liner "Adriatic". "City of Paris" had suffered a catastrophic engine failure out from Liverpool that had shredded her engine and perforated the hull, causing the ship to take water. "Ohio" promptly turned around and joined the two vessels escorting the ship to safe harbor, which was achieved March 29 at Cork, by which time the stern of the stricken vessel was drawing and her bow was high out the water.
To 1897.
By 1892, "Ohio" was the only remaining vessel of the "Pennsylvania" class to be carrying first class passengers, all three of her sister ships having been downgraded to cabin class. In 1893, she began sailing under the colours of the prestigious Inman Line, which had recently been acquired by the Red Star Line. "Ohio" maintained the Liverpool-Queenstown-Philadelphia service through the early 1890s, commencing her last such crossing on August 25, 1895.
In 1896, "Ohio" was transferred to the New York–Southampton route, commencing her first such crossing on June 27 of that year. Her final North Atlantic voyage began when she sailed on August 22, 1897 from Kiel to Southampton and thence to New York.
Alaskan gold rush.
Following the discovery of gold in Alaska in 1896, great demand was created for American-flagged ships to transport gold prospectors to Alaska during the resulting gold rush. Clement Acton Griscom, the executive head of the Inman Line, took advantage of this demand to sell the ageing and outdated "Pennsylvania" class vessels at a premium.
On March 5, 1898, "Ohio" sailed from Philadelphia to San Francisco on the Pacific Coast. There, the vessel was sold to the Alaska Steamship Company, and subsequently commenced servicing the Seattle-Nome route, which she was to maintain to the end.
In 1907, "Ohio" struck an iceberg in the Bering Sea. Although the vessel survived the collision, 75 panicked passengers jumped overboard onto the ice, resulting in the loss of four lives. In 1908, "Ohio"'s captain, mindful of the previous year's accident, infuriated his passengers by refusing to complete the journey before the ice melted.
On August 26, 1909, "Ohio" hit an uncharted rock in Swanson Bay, British Columbia, but the captain was able to beach the ship before she sank, saving the lives of all but four of the 214 passengers and crew. Michel James Heney died a year latter from hypothermia caused from too much time in the frigid waters. "Ohio"'s career thus came to an end after 36 years of service.

</doc>
<doc id="20706728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706728" title="Joe Duarte">
Joe Duarte

Joe Duarte (born August 4, 1983) is a professional mixed martial artist from Guam, and is of native Chamorro descent. He currently trains at The Arena Mixed Martial Arts gym in San Diego, California.
Early life.
Duarte grew up in the village of Dededo, the largest and most densely populated village on Guam. Actively involved in sports since the age of six, he helped lead several youth sporting organizations to their respective league championships and was also an avid mountain biker and waterman. He became involved in the combat arts after being introduced to freestyle/folkstyle wrestling as an eighth-grade student at F.B. Leon Guerrero Middle School where he occasionally trained western boxing.
From 1997-2001, Duarte attended Simon A. Sanchez High School in Yigo, Guam where he continued to do well in athletics. In this time, he earned various accomplishments competing in the DODEA Far East High Schools Wrestling Championships and winning multiple team championships in varsity football, track and field, and men's soccer in his senior year.
Duarte began his mixed martial arts training early in high school. Duarte began training in submission grappling and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Purebred Shooto Guam in Hagatna, Guam in 1999. Although a natural athlete with training as a wrestler, Duarte soon learned that the striking game was his key forte especially with a strong chin. It was the striking game that became his specialty as he trained under the tutelage of Pat "Gori-Chan" Ayuyu, a lightweight pugilist in the K-1 kickboxing organization.
Upon graduation from high school in 2001, Duarte dabbled in the local MMA scene that was still a fledgling sport that was dominated by only a select pool of elite fighters. After working a couple of odd jobs and playing community league football, Duarte took a chance and decided to leave home in search of better opportunities in the U.S. mainland, Duarte left Guam for Kingsville, Texas in 2002.
After leaving Guam, he made his way to Texas where he lived with his brother who was serving in the United States Navy at the time. While in Texas, Duarte started training at a community boxing gym in Corpus Christi, Texas.
Military service.
Although he was doing considerably well as a boxer, he felt the need to try his hand in the Armed Forces. Soon after his arrival in Texas, Duarte enlisted in the U.S. Army as an infantryman in 2002.
Upon completion of One Station Unit Training, Duarte earned his basic parachutist wings. Duarte was called to serve with 1-41 Infantry Regiment(MECH)of the 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Armored Division out of Fort Riley, Kansas. Duarte served two tours of duty in Iraq from 2003 to 2005 where he served as a section leader resulting in the loss of his close friend, Dean Richardson, during a convoy patrol in Iraq's Sunni Triangle.
Mixed martial arts career.
Duarte made his professional mixed martial arts (MMA) debut as a light heavyweight on September 9, 2006 at "Total Combat 16: Annihilation" in San Diego. He fought a three-round regulation match against Chris Kennedy and secured a split decision victory. His next fight took place in the inaugural "Unleashed Fight/GP Galaxy" fight promotion as a lightweight where he won a first round submission victory via armbar over Randy Bowers. He is the reigning Unleashed Fight Lightweight champion with his first-round rear naked choke submission victory over Ulfrano Rodriguez on March 22, 2008.
Duarte appeared on "The Ultimate Fighter" (TUF) reality show against Phillipe Nover, who submitted Duarte via rear naked choke in the second round. Considered exhibition contests, the fights on TUF are not reflected upon a professional fighter's official record and thus Duarte remained undefeated in professional MMA competition (at that time) and improved his record to 4-0 with another submission victory over Pierre Dumont at "Colleseo Championship Fighting II: King of the Streets" on October 24, 2008. Duarte's next fight was against Kenny Raught at "Colloseo Championship Fighting III: Undisputed" on November 28, 2008 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Duarte dominated the entire fight from the sound of the bell until out of sheer desperation, Raught winged a right hand that caught Duarte on the button to give him his first loss of his professional career. On May 30, 2009, Duarte earned his fifth career victory with a first round TKO stoppage of David Gardner in the latest installment of the WarGods promotion held at the Viejas Casino in Alpine, California.
On April 8, 2010, Duarte fought in the second season of the Bellator Fighting Championships. With less than a week's notice, Duarte was to take on former collegiate wrestler Carey Vanier in the quarterfinal round of the Bellator Fighting Championships' lightweight tournament. Duarte stepped into the cage at 156 lbs. after losing much of the weight within a 48-hour window. (Finnish fighter, Janne Turlinta, was not able to procure the necessary visa to fight in the United States, so Duarte was called in.) Duarte controlled much of the stand-up battle and consistently made the scramble back up to his feet after several takedown attempts by Vanier. Although visibly weakened by the rapid weight cut, Duarte continued to maneuver against Vanier but could not find any opportunity to effectively neutralize the shot of Vanier, who grounded Duarte and worked to pass from Duarte's full guard. Varnier eventually worked into the side control position and continued to rain down punches before the referee called an end to the fight at the 4:14 mark in the third round.
On August 12, 2011, Duarte marked another milestone in his storied fight career by fighting in Strikeforce Mixed Martial Arts' Challenger Series. Headlining as the Lightweight Main Event of the evening at the Pearl at the Palms Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, Duarte squared off against Brazilian Jiu jitsu black belt and UFC veteran, Jorge Gurgel. The fight was an excitingly rich stand-up battle with Duarte and Gurgel eager to square up in the middle of the cage trading blows. Duarte's blows to Gurgel's body and face quickly increased Gurgel sense of urgency and attempts at takedowns and swift body kicks to slow Duarte's pace. Duarte continued control much of the tempo of the fight skillfully controlling Gurgel and finding homes for his jabs and body shots. In the third and final round, Gurgel came out with a frenzied attack trying to stifle Duarte's offensive play. Muscling for a takedown, Gurgel landed under Duarte's mount and quickly spun to his butterfly guard. Well aware of the threat, Duarte kept the action close and controlled Gurgel's posturing from guard. Toward the end of the round, Duarte got back to his feet and Gurgel quickly followed. As Gurgel began to press forward and engage whereas Duarte capitalized by shooting for a double leg takedown and slamming Gurgel to the mat and continued to work body shots until the final buzzer sounded signaling the end of the final round. Thereby, Duarte earned the unanimous decision over Gurgel with all three judges scoring the bout 30-27, 29-28 respectively.
On July 14, 2012, Duarte made a return to competition after almost a year long hiatus due to injury in the preliminaries of Strikeforce: Rockhold vs. Kennedy held at the Rose Garden in Portland, Oregon. Coming off a five-fight winning streak since garnering a loss against Carey Varnier at Bellator Fighting Championships 13, Duarte stood ready to face Ryan Couture, the son of the former UFC Heavyweight champion, Light Heavyweight, and Hall of Famer, Randy Couture. Ryan Couture was also coming of a win streak of his own after taking the majority decision over Maka Watson and earning a TKO win over former International Fight League standout, Conor Heun. Duarte tried to be aggressive toward Couture by taking the middle of the cage and exploiting multiple angles of attack but none worked. Duarte would lose the bout via Split Decision. Duarte has stated his next bout will be in Summer of 2014.
Personal life.
Duarte currently resides in San Diego, California and has a daughter named Gabriella. Joe married Brittany Duarte on Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands on 4 December 2010. He has an estimated networth of USD $2.5 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20706748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706748" title="SS Indiana (1873)">
SS Indiana (1873)

SS "Indiana" was an iron passenger-cargo steamship built by William Cramp & Sons in 1873. The third of a series of four "Pennsylvania"-class vessels, "Indiana" and her three sister ships – "Pennsylvania", "Ohio" and "Illinois" – were the largest iron ships ever built in the United States at the time of their construction, and among the first to be fitted with compound steam engines. They were also the first ships to challenge British dominance of the transatlantic trade since the American Civil War.
Though soon outclassed by newer vessels, "Indiana" was to enjoy a substantial 36-year career, a highlight of which was her transportation of United States President Ulysses S. Grant on the first leg of his celebrated 1877–78 world tour. After 24 years of transatlantic crossings, "Indiana" was sold for Pacific service, before being requisitioned as a troopship for service during the Spanish-American War. She was wrecked off Isla Santa Margarita, Mexico, in 1909.
Development.
The four "Pennsylvania" class liners were constructed at a cost of $520,000 each by William Cramp & Sons on behalf of the American Steamship Company (ASC), a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company. The Railroad intended to utilize the vessels to bring European immigrants direct to Philadelphia, thus ensuring the company a steady stream of customers. In recognition of this purpose, the four ships—"Pennsylvania", "Indiana", "Illinois" and "Ohio"—were named after the four states serviced by the Railroad. Design of the ships was entrusted to Charles H. Cramp of the Cramp & Sons shipyard, and Barnabas H. Bartol, a director of the ASC.
Construction.
At a planned 3,000 gross tons apiece, the ships would be 1,000 tons larger than any iron ship previously constructed in the United States, and Cramp & Sons was forced to undertake a substantial upgrade of its facilities to complete them. The company established an entirely new shipyard for construction of the vessels, serviced by its own blacksmith, engine, boiler and carpentry shops, as well as providing it with a 700-foot outfitting wharf. Cost of the real estate alone was in excess of $265,000, and Cramp & Sons was obliged to incorporate as the William Cramp & Sons Engine and Ship Building Company in order to limit the financial risk involved. Fortuitously, Cramp & Sons had only recently built its first compound marine steam engine, and consequently the shipyard was able to install the vessels with the latest in engine technology.
The original contract called for "Pennsylvania" to be completed by December 1, 1872, but the schedule proved optimistic. A short-lived shipbuilding boom in the early 1870s made it difficult for the Cramp shipyard to obtain iron plates and other materials, and the yard was also affected by shortages of skilled labor. As a consequence, the ship would not be ready for delivery until almost ten months later.
Service history.
1870s.
"Indiana" was launched on March 25, 1873, and made her maiden voyage on October 27. Like her sister ships, "Indiana"'s initial route was Philadelphia-Queenstown-Liverpool, a route she would maintain for the entirety of her 24-year transatlantic service, with the apparent exception of only a handful of voyages.
After the wooden bridge of "Indiana"'s sister ship "Pennsylvania" was torn from the vessel in a February 1874 hurricane, a new iron bridge was subsequently installed on all four of the Pennsylvania class vessels. Later that year, on June 18, "Indiana" was selected to host a celebratory event for the American Steamship Company's board of directors. After a tour of the ship, followed by dinner and toasts, the directors left well satisfied with what they had seen. The following year, a decision was made to increase the first class complement of all Pennsylvania class vessels from 75 to 100.
On February 29, 1876, "Indiana" became grounded upon the Bulkhead Bar in the Delaware River, but she was freed the next morning without damage.
Participation in Grant's world tour.
A highlight of "Indiana"'s career occurred when the vessel was selected to convey U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant on the initial leg of his world tour. The tour was destined to be highly successful, with Civil War hero Grant greeted with great enthusiasm and ceremony at every port of call.
The tour departure date was set for May 17, 1877, and Grant spent the morning at a champagne breakfast hosted by Pennsylvania Governor John F. Hartranft. Arrangements had been made for Grant and his party to join "Indiana" downstream, away from the crowds that had gathered to watch the departure. Boarding the steamer "Twilight", Grant and his entourage sailed to rendezvous with "Indiana" in midstream near New Castle, Delaware, accompanied by a huge flotilla of decorated yachts and tugs and a chorus of ships' horns and whistles.
The voyage to Liverpool encountered unusually rough weather, and many of the passengers suffered from seasickness, but Grant later reported that neither he nor his wife were afflicted. Arriving at Liverpool on May 28, Grant was surprised to find the harbor filled with gaily decorated welcoming vessels, and the streets packed with cheering crowds, prompting him to remark that his reception was "as hearty and as enthusiastic as in Philadelphia on our departure". He subsequently decided to extend his stay in the city by a day before travelling on to London.
Grant and his wife eventually returned triumphantly to the United States on board the Pacific Mail steamship "City of Tokio" on September 20, 1879.
1880s–1897.
In 1882, the wooden pilothouse in the bow of all four Pennsylvania class ships was replaced with an iron one for safety reasons.
In 1883–84, inspections revealed that all four "Pennsylvania" class ships required immediate maintenance to their hulls, which needed strengthening. The repairs were carried out at a cost of $25,000 per vessel, but the additional costs probably contributed to the Pennsylvania Railroad's decision to wind up the American Steamship Company, which because of the after effects of the 1873 panic had always struggled to make a profit. With the demise of the ASC, "Indiana" and her three sister ships were transferred to management of the PRR's other shipping line, the Red Star Line, but "Indiana" continued to service her familiar Liverpool–Philadelphia route.
In March 1889, "Indiana" made a single Antwerp to New York voyage under charter to the Red Star Line, one of apparently only a handful of transatlantic crossings by the vessel that were not made on the Liverpool-Philadelphia route.
"Indiana" had a major refit with the installation of a triple-expansion steam engine to replace her original compound steam engine in 1891. The new engine, built and installed by James Howell of Glasgow, was smaller, allowing for more cargo space, and was more economical to run. At the same time, she was refitted to accommodate only intermediate and third class passengers.
In 1892, "Indiana" made a voyage to Czarist Russia with a cargo of grain destined for famine relief. The relief voyage was a result of the sympathetic relationship that had built up between Russia and Philadelphia via warship contracts awarded by the Russian Navy to the shipyard of William Cramp & Sons, which had kept the Philadelphian waterfront busy during an economic downturn.
"Indiana" thereafter continued servicing her familiar Liverpool-Philadelphia route until 1897. She made her last transatlantic crossing commencing December 1, 1897.
Spanish-American War.
Following the discovery of gold in Alaska in 1896, great demand was created for American-flagged ships to transport gold prospectors to Alaska during the resulting gold rush. Clement Acton Griscom, the executive head of the Inman Line, took advantage of this demand to sell the by now outdated "Pennsylvania" class vessels at a premium.
On March 28, 1898, "Indiana" sailed from Philadelphia to Seattle on the Pacific Coast. There, the vessel was sold to the Empire Line for service on the Seattle-Nome route. However, in April 1898 the Spanish-American War broke out, and "Indiana" was requisitioned by the U.S. Navy as a troopship. Later in the war, she served as a hospital ship, returning wounded troops from Manila, Philippines via Honolulu to San Francisco. Nine of the wounded died during the voyage.
Final years.
After the war, "Indiana" was acquired by the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, which utilized her from New York to South America as well as in the Northwest. On April 4, 1909, "Indiana" was grounded off Cape Tosco, Isla Santa Margarita, Mexico. The accident tore out the ship's bottom, flooding her three holds and engine compartment to a depth of about sixteen feet. Fortunately, passengers, cargo and crew were safely removed. The vessel's wreckage was subsequently sold for $5,000 salvage, bringing to an end a long and varied 36-year career.

</doc>
<doc id="20706750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706750" title="Johan Vestly">
Johan Vestly

Johan Vestly (November 24, 1923 - November 28, 1993) was a Norwegian illustrator, artist and film producer.
Johan Vestly was born in Oslo, Norway. After taking his secondary education in 1943, he studied at the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry as well as privately. He also stayed in Paris in 1949. Originally a painter, Vestly was represented at the Norwegian Autumn Exhibition in 1947.
Johan Vestly illustrated his first book in 1953, and later illustrated most of the books of his wife, Anne-Cath. Vestly. Together with his wife, Johan Vestly twice received the "Illustrasjonsprisen" awarded by the Norwegian National Library Authority ("Statens bibliotektilsyn"). In 1964, the husband and wife team was honored for "Knerten gifter seg" and in 1976 for "Guro og nøkkerosene".
Vestly also worked as a television producer on several programs including the television series "Guro" and directed a documentary on Norwegian skier pioneer, Sondre Nordheim. Norway’s stamps for the 2010 Europa issue under the joint theme of children’s books featured illustrates by Johan Vestly. The stamps featured "Mormor og de åtte ungene" (Grandma and the Eight Children) from the seven books series written by Anne-Cath. Vestly.

</doc>
<doc id="20706766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706766" title="Leader of the Opposition (Thailand)">
Leader of the Opposition (Thailand)

The Leader of the Opposition (; ) is the politician in the politics of Thailand who leads the main minority party in the House of Representatives of Thailand. Following the Westminster style parliamentary system, Thailand has had an official Leader of the Opposition since 1975. Under the 2007 Constitution of Thailand the Leader of the Opposition was given an official role within the Thai political system. The constitution stipulates that the Leader of the Opposition must be selected after the Prime Minister and the Cabinet has taken office. 
To be nominated as candidate one must be the leader of the largest political party with no member holding any ministerial positions and if his or her party holds more or one-fifth (96 seats) of the seats in the House (480 seats). If no candidate meets this qualification then a leader of a minority party with the largest number of votes from parties with no members holding ministerial positions will be selected. The appointment will then be formalized by the King of Thailand. 
The Leader of the Opposition also has other roles apart from leading the Shadow Cabinet of Thailand, he is also an ex-officio member of several selection committees for: Constitutional Court Judges, Election Commissioners, Ombudsmen and commissioners of the National Counter Corruption Commission and members of the State Audit Commission.
List of Leaders of the Opposition.
"Brackets indicate number of term"

</doc>
<doc id="20706781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706781" title="SS Illinois (1873)">
SS Illinois (1873)

SS "Illinois" was an iron passenger-cargo steamship built by William Cramp & Sons in 1873. The last of a series of four "Pennsylvania"-class vessels, "Illinois" and her three sister ships—"Pennsylvania", "Ohio" and "Indiana"—were the largest iron ships ever built in the United States at the time of their construction, and amongst the first to be fitted with compound steam engines. They were also the first ships to challenge British dominance of the transatlantic trade since the American Civil War.
Though soon outclassed by newer and larger vessels, "Illinois" was destined to enjoy a long and distinguished career, first as a transatlantic passenger liner and later as the U.S. Navy's auxiliary vessel . In the 1870s, "Illinois" may have been the first ship to successfully transport a shipment of fresh meat from the United States to Europe, twenty years before the introduction of refrigeration. As USS "Supply", the ship served in both the Spanish-American War and the First World War, and crew members may have been the first United States personnel to fire a hostile shot in the latter. "Illinois" was scrapped in 1928.
Development.
The four "Pennsylvania" class liners were constructed at a cost of $520,000 each by William Cramp & Sons on behalf of the American Steamship Company (ASC), a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company. The Railroad intended to utilize the vessels to bring European immigrants direct to Philadelphia, thus ensuring the company a steady stream of customers. In recognition of this purpose, the four ships - "Pennsylvania", "Indiana", "Illinois" and "Ohio" - were named after the four states serviced by the Railroad. Design of the ships was entrusted to Charles H. Cramp of the Cramp & Sons shipyard, and Barnabas H. Bartol, a director of the ASC.
Construction.
At 3,000 gross tons apiece, the ships were 1,000 tons larger than any iron ship previously constructed in the United States, and Cramp & Sons was forced to undertake a substantial upgrade of its facilities to complete them. The company established an entirely new shipyard for construction of the vessels, serviced by its own blacksmith, engine, boiler and carpentry shops, as well as providing it with a 700-foot outfitting wharf. Cost of the real estate alone was in excess of $265,000, and Cramp & Sons was obliged to incorporate as the William Cramp & Sons Engine and Ship Building Company in order to limit the financial risk involved. Fortuitously, Cramp & Sons had only recently built its first compound marine steam engine, and consequently the shipyard was able to install the vessels with the latest in engine technology.
The original contract called for "Pennsylvania" to be completed by January 1, 1873, but the schedule proved optimistic. A short-lived shipbuilding boom in the early 1870s made it difficult for the Cramp shipyard to obtain iron plates and other materials, and the yard was also affected by shortages of skilled labor. As a result, the ship would not be ready for delivery until almost a year later.
Service history.
"Illinois" was launched in June 1873. She commenced her maiden voyage on January 23, 1874 on the Philadelphia-Queenstown-Liverpool route, a route she would maintain for the next twelve years.
1870s.
Like her sister ships "Pennsylvania" and "Ohio", "Illinois" also had an eventful first year of operation. In April 1874, she was making her way down the Delaware River when, just opposite the Philadelphia Naval Yard, she encountered four canal boats coming in the opposite direction. "Illinois" promptly collided with and sank all four vessels in short order. Fortunately, no lives were lost, and the hull of "Illinois" was undamaged by the collisions, enabling her to continue the voyage to Liverpool.
After the wooden bridge of "Illinois"' sister ship "Pennsylvania" was destroyed in an 1874 hurricane, a new iron bridge was installed on all four of the "Pennsylvania" class vessels. In 1875, a decision was made to increase the first class complement of all Pennsylvania class vessels from 75 to 100.
Experimental meat shipments.
With the American Line struggling to turn a profit in the wake of the 1873 financial panic, the company decided to experiment with some novel exports. A glut of peaches in the summer of 1875 encouraged the company to try and export some of the surplus fruit to Great Britain on the "Ohio", but the experiment was a costly failure.
Undeterred, the company next tried a shipment of fresh meat. "Illinois" was loaded with 30 head of dressed beef, 140 sheep carcasses and some poultry and oysters for a November 1875 voyage. A high pressure engine was installed to circulate a current of cold air chilled by eight tons of ice. This time the ice lasted through the voyage, and the meat arrived in Liverpool in excellent condition, encouraging the client, Martin, Fuller & Company, to make a second shipment of 100 head of dressed beef. These may have been the first ever successful shipments of fresh meat from the United States to Europe, but another twenty years would pass before the invention of refrigeration made regular, reliable shipments possible.
1880s-1897.
In 1882, the wooden pilothouse in the bow of all four Pennsylvania class ships was replaced with an iron one for safety reasons.
In 1883-84, inspections revealed that all four "Pennsylvania" class ships required immediate maintenance to their hulls, which needed strengthening. The repairs were carried out at a cost of $25,000 per vessel, but the additional costs probably contributed to the Pennsylvania Railroad's decision to wind up the American Steamship Company, which because of the after effects of the 1873 panic had always struggled to make a profit. With the demise of the ASC, "Illinois" and her three sister ships were transferred to management of the PRR's other shipping line, the Red Star Line, but "Illinois" continued to service her familiar Liverpool-Philadelphia route until 1886. Her last such voyage commenced July 7 of that year. On December 17, she began the first of twenty crossings on the Antwerp-New York route.
"Illinois" had a major refit in 1891 with the installation of a triple-expansion steam engine to replace her original compound steam engine. The new engine, manufactured and installed by the ship's original builder, William Cramp & Sons, was smaller, allowing for more cargo space, and more economical to run. At this time the first class accommodation of "Illinois" was removed, and she was fitted to accommodate intermediate "cabin class" and steerage passengers only.
"Illinois" commenced her final Antwerp-New York crossing on February 27, 1892. Subsequently she worked the Antwerp-Philadelphia route until 1897.
USS "Supply".
In March 1898, "Illinois" sailed from Philadelphia to San Francisco. On April 30, 1898, she was sold for the sum of $325,000 to the United States Navy, for employment in the recently declared Spanish-American War.
Renamed USS "Supply", the vessel served as the supply ship for the American fleet in Cuban waters. After the war ended in late 1898, "Supply" was decommissioned, refitted to improve her living quarters, and recommissioned on August 1, 1902. She subsequently operated as the supply ship for the Asiatic Fleet and as Station Ship at Guam for many years.
When the United States entered the First World War on April 6, 1917, USS "Supply" was in port at Guam together with the German auxiliary cruiser SMS "Cormoran", which had been interned there since 1914. A party from "Supply" attempted to seize the German vessel, but "Cormoran"'s captain had prepared for such a possibility and scuttled the ship. A warning shot fired over the bow of "Cormoran" by crewmen of "Supply" during the attempted seizure may have been the first hostile shot fired by American servicemen in World War I.
"Supply" was placed out of commission at Mare Island on 15 September 1919. She was struck from the Navy List and sold for scrap on 30 September 1921. The ship was eventually scrapped in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="20706791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706791" title="Provincial Reconstruction Team Helmand">
Provincial Reconstruction Team Helmand

History.
The Helmand Provincial Reconstruction Team (PRT) was established in September 2004. It was led by the US until 1 May 2006, when this responsibility was handed to the UK. HPRT ceased operations in LashKar Gah on 27 December 2013. With a core team of over 100 civilian and military staff it was once one of the largest PRTs in Afghanistan.
Purpose.
The PRT worked to deliver a provincial stabilisation and development plan that had been agreed between the Government of Afghanistan and international partners. The plan coordinated the efforts of 9 themes, or strands: Governance and Politics; Rule of Law; Counter-Narcotics; Population Engagement; Health; Education; Agriculture; Infrastructure and Private Sector Development. To deliver this Helmand PRT worked with the Government of Afghanistan, ISAF, and the ANSF.
The PRT has achieved its aim of building a strong platform for future governance and development in Helmand. HPRT will close before the end of 2014 in line with the timetable for PRT closures throughout Afghanistan set by President Karzai. HPRT’s focus has moved from stabilisation to transition. By the time of closure its work streams will be Afghan led. This is being achieved through the delivery of a single Helmand Plan that has been agreed between the Government of Afghanistan and its international partners.
Location.
The Helmand PRT was head-quartered in the province's capital, Lashkar Gah. It operated district field offices on military bases in Gereshk, Garmsir, Sangin, Nad-e Ali, Now Zad, Marjah, Khan-e shin and Musa Qalah. These offices are now closed.
Structure and Staffing.
The Helmand PRT was part of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan and was located within Regional Command Southwest.
HPRT was funded by the UK, USA, Danish and Estonian Governments. UK, US and Danish District Stabilisation Teams were located in 11 of Helmand’s 14 Districts. A Stabilisation Team typically comprised: civilian stabilisation advisers (STABADs); civilian specialists (e.g. in agriculture); a political adviser; and working with a UK Military Stabilisation Support Team (MSST), a US Civil Affairs Team or a Danish CIMIC (Civil Military Cooperation) Support Team. The teams brought together people with a range of backgrounds including development, politics, engineering and project management. Afghan members of the team played a vital role, bringing local knowledge and relationships. The Stabilisation Teams worked alongside the District Regimental Battle Group or Battalion Headquarters to coordinate civil and military activity.
The PRT combined the UK's Department for International Development, USAID and the Danish Governments development agency (DANIDA) to provide £6m support to this initiative.
Governance.
In 2006, there were no effective mechanisms in place for Helmandis to hold the Afghan Government to account for the provision of local services. Ministries in Kabul delivered only a narrow range of services, with provincial directorates unable to access funds through Ministries in Kabul. Civil servants were confined to Lashkar Gah. District Governors were present in only four districts. Women in Helmand did not have any kind of political representation.
There are now 11 District Governors installed in Nawa, Nad Ali, Gereshk, Sangin, Musa Qala, Garmsir, Naw Zad, Khaneshin, Marjeh, Dishu and Kajaki (with a Mayor in place in Lashkar Gah).
With PRT support, eight District Community Councils have been established in Helmand to empower local representatives to determine the direction of development and security in their district. More than 40,000 Helmandis have voted in District Community Council elections since 2009.
Infrastructure.
PRT investment in Helmand’s neglected infrastructure network has improved links between economic centres, connected communities, and increased the Afghan Government’s reach across the province. The PRT has:
 • Built or repaired 259 km of blacktop road. By 2014 a further 94 km will be complete – bringing the total to 353 km.
 • Laskhkar Gah’s back-up power capability has been increased by 3.5MW.
 • Completed over 60 repair projects across 5 primary canals.
Helmandis’ perception of improvements to road security, road conditions and access to water have grown year-on-year since 2010;
Growth and Livelihoods.
Helmand’s economy is overwhelmingly agricultural, so PRT activities have centred on the value chains that make up around 90% of Helmand’s economic activity: wheat, meat, fruits and vegetables, and cotton.
By 2014 the PRT will have:
 • Built District Agricultural Training Centres in Gereskh, Nawa and Marjah which will have trained 150,000 local farmers.
 • Established 20 farmer-producer groups. 
 • Funded informal vocational skills training programmes across 9 districts, including carpentry, metalwork, IT, tractor maintenance and mobile phone technology. Over 19,000 young people, including around 5,000 females, will have graduated from these programmes.
 • Supported 42 small enterprises in central Helmand to develop and expand their businesses.
 • Supported the Helmand National Investors’ Association to generate self-sustaining revenue and become the Helmand Chapter of the Afghanistan Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
 • Supported 4 self-sustaining Islamic Investment and Finance Cooperatives to make almost 4,000 loans worth $4.3m.
 • Improved market systems, linkages between farmers and vendors to improve quality and profitability, as well as building the capacity of the Department of Agriculture Irrigation and Livestock (DAIL) to better support Helmand’s agricultural workers.
 • Supported the development of a wholesale market in Lashkar Gah.
 • Set up over 200 women in scavenger poultry businesses. 
 • Established over 500 hectares of new orchards and vineyards.
 • Refurbished the Agricultural High School to enable 270 students from remote parts of Helmand to attend classes.
Health.
The PRT has worked closely with the Afghan Government to expand access to healthcare across Helmand. Almost 80% of the population now has access to healthcare within 10 km of their home.
The PRT has:
 • Built or refurbished 12 healthcare facilities, including a Midwifery Training Centre, Kartelagan Comprehensive Health Clinic, Bost Basic Health Clinic and a Public Healthcare Training Centre. 
 • Funded the training of community health workers and district health officials on service delivery, childhood illnesses and maternal health. 
 • Funded midwifery training that has increased the number of community midwives from 29 in 2008 to 69 in 2012. 
 • Donated 6 ambulances and 20 motorbikes to the Department of Public Health to improve access to healthcare.
 • Donated medical equipment and essential drug supplies to the maternity hospital and several health clinics.
Education.
The PRT has worked closely with the Afghan Government to increase access to primary and secondary education for girls and boys through a robust outreach campaign. Helmandi people’s satisfaction with education services has increased year-on-year since 2010.
The PRT has:
 • Built or refurbished 89 schools.
 • Provided $2.4m over 3 years toward community-based education enabling the teaching of 2,400 students in 80 classes in Garmsir, Marjah and Nawa (over half female).
 • Provided $3m to fund the building of 6 dormitories to enable 2,000 students from remote districts to attend school.
 • Supported teacher training colleges in Lashkar Gah and Gereskh which currently have a total of 346 students enrolled, of which 229 are female.
 • Supported the training of 1,000 students in literacy and pedagogy. 
 • Supported community outreach and social mobilisation activities to increase demand for quality education services.
Justice.
In 2006 Helmand had no effective formal justice system. The PRT has facilitated the Afghan Government’s delivery of a sustainable, transparent, accessible and accountable statutory justice system to a critical mass of Helmand’s population. Access to statutory justice in Helmand is now greater than it has ever been.
 • Since 2010, the statutory justice presence outside Lashkar Gah has grown from two justice officials in 2 of the 13 districts to 40 justice officials in 10 districts. Statutory justice officials (prosecutors, defence attorneys, judges, civil mediators, land officials, etc.) have received at a minimum quarterly training in topics such as land law, criminal law and procedure, fair trial standards, family law, constitutional law and human rights.
 • Since 2011, over 800 community elders drawn from every district in Helmand have been trained by Afghans in Afghan law, the constitution and human rights (particularly gender rights).
Policing.
Through its mentoring and training, the joint Afghan/coalition policing effort has been instrumental in prompting improvements in professionalism and public perception of the police in Helmand. Increasingly the police are the main body responsible for providing security directly to the population, creating the space within which the justice sector can grow and connecting the Government to the people.  
The PRT has invested heavily in police infrastructure, by the time of PRT closure this will include:
 • £1.4m on 11 x 15-man checkpoints.
 • £1.5m on 6 x 20-man patrol bases. 
 • Construction of 120-man Bost police station due for completion mid-2013.
 • £2.2m on construction of the Lashkar Gah Police Training Centre due for completion August 2013.
 • £2.2m on 93 Orthodox Build Earthworks (5 of which are 100-man).
Sustainability.
The PRT is focused on consolidating the gains made since 2006. As the PRT draws down the international community’s support will increasingly be delivered from Kabul, connecting to Helmand through Afghan government ministries. The key to ensuring that services provided by the government, such as education and health, will continue to improve in Helmand beyond 2014 is strengthening the relationship between the mother ministries in Kabul and their line departments in the province. The achievements in Helmand in sub-national governance are influencing the Afghan Government’s approach toward this issue. HPRT and DFID Afghanistan are working with donors and officials to ensure the lessons learned through delivering governance in Helmand are considered by Kabul policy makers at a national level. The gains made in Helmand’s delivery of the rule of law will be sustained through ensuring that the Afghan legal officials, who the PRT have trained, are capable and confident in passing on their skills. The PRT has backed a visible international development presence in the province, helping the Provincial Governor to encourage UN agencies to support progress in Helmand.

</doc>
<doc id="20706805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706805" title="No worries">
No worries

No worries is an Australian English and New Zealand English expression, meaning "do not worry about that", "that's alright", or "sure thing". It is similar to the English "no problem". The phrase is widely used in Australian speech and represents a feeling of friendliness, good humour, optimism and "mateship" in Australian culture. The phrase has been referred to as the national motto of Australia.
The phrase has influenced a similar phrase used in the Tok Pisin language in Papua New Guinea. "No worries" utilization migrated to New Zealand after origination in Australia. Its usage became more pervasive to British English after increased usage in Australian soap operas that aired on television in the United Kingdom. Linguistics experts are uncertain how the phrase became utilized in American English; theories include use by Steve Irwin on the television program "The Crocodile Hunter" and usage by the United States media during the 2000 Sydney Olympics. It has also gained usage in Canadian English.
Definition.
"No worries" is an Australian English expression, meaning "do not worry about that", or "that's all right". It can also mean "sure thing" and "you're welcome". Other colloquial Australian terms which mean the same thing include "she'll be right". The expression has been compared to the American English equivalent "no problem". In their book "Australian Language & Culture: No Worries!", authors Vanessa Battersby, Paul Smitz and Barry Blake note: "No worries is a popular Australian response akin to 'no problems', 'that's OK' or 'sure thing'."
Cultural origins.
Early documentation dates the phrase back to 1966. According to author of "When Cultures Collide: Leading Across Cultures", Richard D. Lewis, the phrase is a form of expression of the relaxed attitude in Australian culture. Anna Wierzbicka comments that the expression illustrates important parts of Australian culture, including: "amiability, friendliness, an expectation of shared attitudes (a proneness to easy 'mateship'), jocular toughness, good humour, and, above all, casual optimism". She concludes that along with "good on you", the expressions reflect the "national character" and "prevailing ethos" of Australia. Though initially utilized in Australia, the phrase migrated to New Zealand as well.
Usage.
Wierzbicka writes in her book "Cross-cultural Pragmatics" that the expression "permeates Australian speech", "serves a wide range of illocutionary forces" and displays a "casual optimism". In her 1992 book "Semantics, Culture, and Cognition", Wierzbicka classifies the phrase as "among the most characteristic Australian expressions", along with "good on you".
The term can also be used in the context of an apology. The phrase "no wucking furries" has the same meaning in Australia; as a spoonerism of "no fucking worries", and is contracted to the phrases "no wuckers" and "no wucks". The phrase has been used widely in British English since the late 1980s, a development partly attributed to the success of Australian soap operas like "Neighbours" in the United Kingdom.
Influence.
"No worries" was referred to as "the national motto" of Australia in 1978, and in their 2006 work, "Diving the World", Beth and Shaun Tierney call "no worries, mate" the national motto of the country. Writing in "The New York Times Book Review", Annette Kobak calls the expression a "ritual incantation" which has "particular charm". The phrase "no waris" in the Papua New Guinea language Tok Pisin is derived from the Australian English term.
According to "The Sunday Mail" a 2004 newspaper report notes that "no worries" has begun to be used in American English. Writing in a 2004 article for "The Advertiser", Samela Harris comments: "The Americans have no idea of the etymology of 'no worries'. So, while they may cheerily adopt our 'no worries' mantra, 'no worries' will never catch on as an attitude." According to Tom Dalzell, author of two books on slang usage in the United States, linguistics experts are not certain how the expression became popular in that country. Usage of the term by Steve Irwin on "The Crocodile Hunter", as well as attempts by members of the American press to imitate the expression during the 2000 Sydney Olympics, have been put forth as theories explaining the pervasiveness of the expression in the United States. Linguistics professor Kate Burridge writes in her 2004 book "Weeds In the Garden Of Words" that expressions including "no worries", "absolutely", and "bottom line" have become less prevalent in favor of newer sayings. The phrase has had some usage in Canadian English.

</doc>
<doc id="20706809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706809" title="USS Supply (1873)">
USS Supply (1873)

USS "Supply", ex-"Illinois", was a schooner-rigged iron steamer built in 1873 by William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. "Illinois" was purchased by the Navy Department from the International Navigation Company on 30 April 1898 for $325,000.00 and commissioned as "Supply", Lt. Comdr. R. R. Ingersoll in command.
Service history.
Spanish-American war.
"Supply" was used as the supply ship for the fleet in Cuban waters during the Spanish-American War. The ship was decommissioned at the New York Navy Yard on 28 April 1899. She was refitted after the war, with better living quarters, and recommissioned on 1 August 1902.
Peacetime service.
After recommissioning, "Supply" was ordered to duty on the Asiatic Station. She operated as the supply ship for the Asiatic Fleet and as Station Ship at Guam for many years. In 1904, she transported Governor of Guam William Elbridge Sewell back to the United States when he fell deathly ill. The ship was overhauled at the Puget Sound Navy Yard in July 1912 and again from November 1915 to March 1916.
"Supply" put to sea on 19 March 1916 and after embarking passengers at San Francisco for passage to Guam, sailed on the 29th. She called at Honolulu, T.H., in early April and arrived at Apra Harbor on 25 April. This was her home port while serving as a stores ship for the Asiatic Station. From 22 October to 7 December 1916, she cruised to the Philippine Islands, China, and Japan. In January 1917 the ship was overhauled at Olongapo, Philippines, and returned to Guam on 27 March.
First World War.
The German auxiliary cruiser SMS "Cormoran" had been in Asiatic waters at the outbreak of World War I and later operated in the southern Pacific. However, lack of provisions forced "Cormoran" to put in at Guam on 14 December 1914. The German captain accepted internment of the ship the following day, and the cruiser remained in that status until the United States declared war on Germany in April 1917.
The morning of 6 April, "Supply" put a prize crew of 32 men afloat to board the German ship. Her captain offered to surrender the men but not the cruiser. At 0803, "Cormoran" was blown up by her own crew. "Supply" immediately lowered all boats to aid in recovering "Cormoran"'s crew and their personal effects from the water.
"Supply" remained on station in Apra Harbor until steaming for Manila on 21 May 1917. She departed there on 6 June en route to Japan, via Guam. After visiting various Japanese ports, the ship returned to Cavite, Philippines, for drydocking and repairs. Upon completion, she returned to Guam on 29 August and resumed her duties until 28 November when she got underway for the United States. Christmas 1917 was celebrated at Pearl Harbor; the Panama Canal was transited on 19 January 1918; and "Supply" arrived at the Charleston Navy Yard on the 25th.
Decommission.
Upon completion of repairs, "Supply" was designated flagship of the Train, Atlantic Fleet, based at Charleston. On 29 May 1919, she was reassigned to Guam for duty as Station Ship. However, upon her arrival on the west coast, she was ordered to Mare Island for repairs and placed out of commission there on 15 September 1919. "Supply" was struck from the Navy list and sold for scrap on 30 September 1921. She was scrapped in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="20706888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706888" title="CCGS Cove Isle">
CCGS Cove Isle

The CCGS "Cove Isle" is an navigation aids tender in the Canadian Coast Guard. Cove Isle is assigned to the Canadian Coast Guard's Central and Arctic Region and is based out of CGS Base Parry Sound, Ontario, on Lake Huron. 
The ship is classified as specialist vessel and used in a variety of roles:
The ship is not strengthened for navigation in ice-infested waters, so she operates from April to December, or when waterways are ice free.
She has a crew of five.

</doc>
<doc id="20706895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706895" title="Yangji Station">
Yangji Station

Yangji Station () is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 5 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28June 1999 and is situated under Zhongshan 1st Road () in the Yuexiu District, near Yangji Cun, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, southern China.

</doc>
<doc id="20706909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706909" title="J. C. P. Miller">
J. C. P. Miller

Jeffrey Charles Percy Miller (1906–1981) was an English mathematician and computing pioneer. He worked in number theory and on geometry, particularly polyhedra, where Miller's monster refers to the great dirhombicosidodecahedron.
He was an early member of the Computing Laboratory of the University of Cambridge. He contributed in computation to the construction and documentation of mathematical tables, and by the proposal of certain algorithms. Miller's recurrence algorithm is mentioned in the "Handbook of Mathematical Functions".
As the reference says, this technique was subsequently much developed and applied, and was enunciated rather casually by Miller in a 1952 book of tables of Bessel functions.
In volume 2 of "The Art of Computer Programming", Donald Knuth attributes to Miller a basic technique on formal power series, for recursive evaluation of coefficients of powers or more general functions.
In the theory of stellation of polyhedra, he made some influential suggestions to H. S. M. Coxeter. These became known as "Miller's rules". The 1938 book on the fifty-nine icosahedra resulted, written by Coxeter and Patrick du Val. In the 1930s, Coxeter and Miller found 12 new uniform polyhedra, a step in the process of their complete classification in the 1950s. Miller also made an early investigation into what is now known as the Rule 90 cellular automaton.
Dr Miller was married to Germaine Miller (née Gough) in 1934 and had three children (David, Alison and Jane). Germaine died in Cambridge in her 100th year in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20706926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706926" title="Vincent White (politician)">
Vincent White (politician)

Vincent Joseph White (1885 – 14 December 1958) was an Irish politician and medical practitioner. 
He first stood for election as the Sinn Féin candidate for the East Tyrone by-election in April 1918 where he was defeated by the Irish Parliamentary candidate Thomas Harbison. He next stood for election at the 1918 general election as a Sinn Féin candidate for the Waterford City constituency but was defeated by William Redmond of the Irish Parliamentary Party. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Waterford–Tipperary East constituency. He supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted in favour of it. 
He was re-elected as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election but lost his seat at the 1923 general election. He was re-elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal TD for the Waterford constituency at the June 1927 and September 1927 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1932 general election. He served as Mayor of Waterford from 1920 to 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="20706950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706950" title="Graea">
Graea

Graea or Graia (Greek: Γραῖα) is a region,or a city of ancient Greece that is placed under Boeotia in Homer's Catalogue of Ships; it seems to have included the city of Oropos, though by the fifth century BC it was probably a "kome" (district) of that city. It is also described by some sources as a city; Fossey argues for its identification with the hill of Dhrámesi 8 km from Tanagra, while others suggest it is identical with Oropos itself. It may have been the source of the word "Greek"; Robin Lane Fox writes:
If men from Oropos-Graia were among the early Greek visitors to Capua or Veii and even early Rome, we can better understand an age-old puzzle: why Greeks were called "Greeks" in the Latin West. Such people told their first contacts in the Latin region that they were "Graikoi," that is, people from Graia. They were thus called "Graeci" by the people whom they met.

</doc>
<doc id="20706957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706957" title="Oreomunnea mexicana">
Oreomunnea mexicana

Oreomunnea mexicana is a species of plant in the family Juglandaceae, which grows in the tropical rain forests of Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and Panama at altitudes from 1–1.7 km. Common names include Guayabo amarillo and Remiendo. The chromosome number is 2n = 32.
Synonymy.
"Engelhardia nicaraguensis" Molina and "E. mexicana" Standl. are synonyms for "O. mexicana" subsp. "mexicana".
Tree.
"O. mexicana" grows to 30 m or more, up to 1.5m DBH, often with buttresses, and superficially resembles a walnut ("Juglans sp."). The bark on a mature tree exfoliates (It does not on "O. pterocarpa"). The heartwood is pink. The pith is solid (not chambered, as in "Juglans"). The buds are protected by leaf primordia, with a fine coating of yellow scales ("O. pterocarpa" has glabrous primordia.
Leaves.
The petioles of the opposite, coriaceous, pinnately compound leaves are glabrous at the base ("O. pterocarpa" is hirsute). The petioles are short (less than 3.3 cm) as are the petiolules of the opposite leaflets (less than 3 mm). The leaflets, up to 1 dm in length, are 4-5 times as long as they are wide. The upper surface of the leaf is glaucous; the underside has a light yellow-brown peltate bloom.
Flowers and fruit.
The inflorescences are panicles, and may be androgynous (containing a single spike of pistalate flowers flanked by several staminate catkins), entirely staminate, or entirely pistalate. The fruit bears three wings on a globose nut, approximately 7 mm in diameter. Germination is hypogeal: the first two aerial leaves are pinately compound and opposite; for the next 3-6 dm, the leaves are placed alternately.

</doc>
<doc id="20706961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706961" title="Tuscan regional election, 1970">
Tuscan regional election, 1970

The Tuscan regional election of 1970 took place on 7 June 1970. It was the first-ever regional election.
Electoral law.
Election was held under proportional representation with provincial constituencies where the largest remainder method with a Droop quota was used. To ensure more proportionality, remained votes and seats were transferred at regional level and calculated at-large.
Results.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party. After the election, the Communists formed a left-wing coalition government with the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian Socialist Party of Proletarian Unity. Lelio Lagorio, a Socialist, was elected President of the Region.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20706974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706974" title="Thinking of You (Katy Perry song)">
Thinking of You (Katy Perry song)

"Thinking of You" is a song by American singer and songwriter Katy Perry, taken from her second studio album, "One of the Boys" (2008). The song was released on January 12, 2009, and served as the third single from the album. The song was written by Perry and produced by Butch Walker, and is a pop rock and soft rock power ballad. Lyrically, the song deals with a break-up in which Perry does not want to move on but has no choice, and feels nostalgic of a previous lover while in a relationship with another man. It is one of the three songs on the album that Perry wrote solely herself. 
The song received generally positive reviews from music critics; however, it is Perry's lowest charting single to date worldwide. The song peaked at number 29 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, becoming her only single to fail to reach the Top 20, and her first of two singles to date that did not break into the Top 10 (the other being "Unconditionally" (2013) (No. 14)), and peaked at number 27 in the United Kingdom. There were two music videos released for the song. The first was released in 2007 and featured Perry in two different rooms, black and white, and was directed by a friend of hers. The second was the commercial release in 2008 which was set in the 1940s and featured Perry playing a woman who lost her lover, a soldier (played by Matt Dallas), in battle during World War II. Perry began playing the song during gigs as early as 2006, and performed the song on both of her concert tours: the Hello Katy Tour and the California Dreams Tour.
Background and promotion.
"Thinking of You" was written by Perry and produced by Butch Walker. Amateur video of Perry performing an entirely acoustic version at the Hotel Café in Los Angeles as early as 2006 is available on YouTube. The song is a pop ballad song and features acoustic instruments. The single was released on January 12, 2009, in the US, and in Australia seven days later. The CD single was released in Australia and Europe on March 9, 2009. The digital download was released soon after.
Perry performed the song on MuchMusic HQ's MuchOnDemand on December 15, 2008. The song was included in the international soundtrack to "India, a Love Story", a Brazilian telenovela. She also performed on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", "The Early Show", and "Last Call with Carson Daly". 
Outside of the US, Perry performed it on "This Morning" in the UK, and at the 2009 ECHO Awards in Germany. Perry performed the song as part of a Live Lounge special presented by Fearne Cotton for BBC Radio 1's on March 19, 2012 along with "Part of Me", "The One That Got Away", "Firework" and a cover of "Niggas in Paris". Perry performed "Thinking of You" as part of her setlist on both of her world tours, the Hello Katy Tour and the California Dreams Tour. On the latter, she performed the song with a glittery guitar on a floating cotton candy cloud above the audience.
Composition.
"Thinking of You" is a ballad styled in the genres of pop rock and soft rock with country music influences. According to digital sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony-ATV Music Publishing, the song is written in the key of E major and the tempo moves at 76 beats per minute. Perry's vocal range in the song spans from the low note of G♯3 to the higher note of C5. According to Perry, the lyrics of the song are about a break-up after which she doesn't want to move on but has no choice, and is thinking about her ex-boyfriend while she is with her current lover. Perry describes her former lover as "perfection" and feels disgusted with herself when she kisses her current boyfriend, calling him second best in comparison.
Critical reception.
"Thinking of You" received mixed to positive reviews from most music critics. Jon Caramanica of "The New York Times" gave the song a positive review; complimenting its production while saying the song was "gently and compellingly angry." David Balls of "Digital Spy" compared the song to the works of Alanis Morissette and Evanescence, calling it "a more serious offering designed to show off her vocal and songwriting talents." In a less positive review, Nicole Frehsee from "Rolling Stone" wrote "'Thinking of You,' which compares an unrequited lover to 'an Indian summer in the middle of winter,' is generic "Dawson's Creek" schlock."
Chart performance.
"Thinking of You" debuted at number 79 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. It later rose to number 29 and stayed there for three consecutive weeks. It became Perry's first and only single to peak outside the Top 20, and her first of only two singles to date ("Unconditionally", which stalled at No. 14, being the other) to miss the Top 10. The song debuted at number 58 on the Canadian Hot 100 and later peaked at number 24 on the chart, becoming Perry's first single there to miss the top ten, but has still been certified platinum by the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
In Europe, the song received moderate success. The song debuted at number 63 on the UK Singles Chart. After seven weeks on the chart, the song peaked at number 27. The song peaked at 38 on the Irish Singles Chart. In France, the song was much more successful, debuting at number 11 on the singles chart, and stayed in the charts for 32 weeks. The song peaked at number 29 on the Swedish Singles Chart and number 14 on the Italian Singles Chart. In Brazil the song peaked at number 1 and stayed there for several weeks, partly due to the use of the song in the Emmy-winning soap opera India, a Love Story. In Australia, the song debuted at number 34 on the Australian Singles Chart, which was its peak position. The single stayed in the charts for six weeks. The song did not chart in New Zealand, becoming Perry's only single not to chart there; however, it did chart on New Zealand's Official Radio Hot 100 at number 51. 
To date, the song has sold 1,079,000 downloads in the United States.
Music videos.
Original version.
The first music video was released in 2007 and surfaced on YouTube in May 2008. The video features Perry in two rooms: a white room in which Perry is happily in a relationship and a dark room with an unhappy Perry showing signs of regret. In the dark room, Perry smokes a cigarette as a man dressed in a suit sits beside her. Soon after, another woman enters and pushes Perry off to the side. Back in the white room, Perry sips red wine as her lover undresses beside her, while Perry's hands are wet with blood and there is blood on the bedsheets. The video ends with the revelation that Perry stabbed her lover in the white room in the back, as she sings tearfully while covered in blood before the shot spans to the side, showing the knife on the floor. The video uses a cross-cutting technique that compares the two relationships. Perry stated in an interview that the aim of the video was never to get a commercial release, but that it is just a simple video "made by a friend".
Commercial version.
Perry revealed on her blog that she had already started filming a second and official music video in the first week of December 2008, directed by Melina Matsoukas. The video premiered exclusively on iTunes on December 23, 2008. 
The music video is presented as a flashback montage with a young woman whose lover is killed in France during World War II, and begins with Perry in bed with another man. Perry is clearly unhappy with her new partner and longs for her deceased lover as she looks at a photograph of him. Perry reminisces back to a bicycle ride with him, and looks out of her window to see a vision of the two of them laughing outside. Perry's current boyfriend approaches her and kisses her while she remembers a picnic with her former lover, as well as a trip to a lake. In another flashback, Perry slow dances with her former lover at a bar before emotionally waving goodbye to him before he goes to war. While Perry's new love kisses her, she imagines her old lover at a battlefield, being shot and clutching his chest. In another scene, Perry is tearfully applying makeup and putting on a funeral veil, and in another she is opening a letter informing her that her boyfriend has died in battle. After applying dark makeup and dressed in funeral attire, Perry walks out of her house to attend her dead lover's funeral. 
The video features actor Matt Dallas playing Perry's deceased soldier lover and model Anderson Davis playing Perry's current lover. The VEVO music video for the song has received more than 48 million views on YouTube, as well as 13.8 million previous views before the introduction of VEVO. An extended five-minute version of the commercial video was also released, with snippets of extra footage and shots. Instead of the original track, it plays the instrumental of the song as well as the chorus. The video received largely positive reviews from critics.

</doc>
<doc id="20706990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706990" title="Karl-Heinz Worthmann">
Karl-Heinz Worthmann

Karl Heinz Worthmann was a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Karl Heinz Worthman was born in Hagen, Germany on the 18 January 1911.
He volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the SS-VT. He took part in the Battle of France as an Infantry platoon commander and was awarded the Iron Cross 1st and 2nd class.
During the invasion of Russia (Operation Barbarossa) in 1941 he was severely wounded and after recovering from his wounds trained as a Panzer crewman.
He was promoted to Hauptscharführer (Master Sergeant) and made a platoon commander in the 6th Company, 2nd SS Panzer Regiment, "Das Reich", (2nd SS Division Das Reich).
In the Battle of Kharkov Worthman, was in command of 4 tanks supporting the infantry in an attack near Wossyschtschewo on height 209.3 during which they destroyed 27 anti tank guns and 2 infantry guns without loss. For his actions during this battle, he was awarded the Knight's Cross in March 1943.
Worthman was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) and given command of the 6th company, when he was killed in action during Operation Citadel on the 6 July 1943, in the Belgorod sector.

</doc>
<doc id="20706992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20706992" title="Sunita Puri">
Sunita Puri

Sunita Puri is a former member of the Indian Women's Hockey Team. In 1966 She received the Arjuna Award from Government of India for excellence in sports. She is from Rajasthan state.

</doc>
<doc id="20707003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707003" title="Minut sa njom">
Minut sa njom

Minut sa njom (trans. "A Minute with Her") is the eighteenth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.
The album features mostly love songs, and is the first Riblja Čorba album since their 1981 album "Pokvarena mašta i prljave strasti" which does not feature any song with political-related lyrics.
Album cover.
The album cover was designed by Jugoslav and Jakša Vlahović.

</doc>
<doc id="20707010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707010" title="Tuscan regional election, 1975">
Tuscan regional election, 1975

The Tuscan regional election of 1975 took place on 15 June 1975.
Electoral law.
Election was held under proportional representation with provincial constituencies where the largest remainder method with a Droop quota was used. To ensure more proportionality, remained votes and seats were transferred at regional level and calculated at-large.
Results.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party. After the election Lelio Lagorio (Italian Socialist Party), the incumbent President of the Region, formed a new government with the Italian Communist Party. In 1978 Mario Leone, another Socialist, took over from Lagorio.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20707016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707016" title="Lindsay Applegate">
Lindsay Applegate

Lindsay Applegate (September 18, 1808 – November 28, 1892) was a pioneer known for blazing the Applegate Trail, an alternative end of Oregon Trail in the U.S. state of Oregon. The trail was blazed with his brothers Charles and Jesse in 1846. Charles Applegate was not a member of the party that blazed the Applegate Trail from the Willamette Valley to the Humboldt River. According to an original manuscript written by Lindsay Applegate in 1877, the members of the expedition were: Capt.Levi Scott, John Scott(son), Henry Boygus, Lindsay Applegate, Jesse Applegate, Benjamin Burch, John Owens, John Jones, Robert Smith, Samuel Goodhue, Moses Harris, David Goff, Benit Osburn, William Sportsman, William Parker.
Early life.
Lindsay Applegate was born to Daniel and Rachel Applegate in Kentucky on September 18, 1808. The family moved to the Osage Valley in Missouri in 1820 where they farmed. In 1831, Lindsay married Elizabeth Miller, whose sister Melinda was married to Lindsay's older brother Charles, and they had six sons. He fought in the Black Hawk War against Native Americans in 1832.
Oregon Country.
In 1843, Lindsay and Charles traveled along with their younger brother Jesse after they all sold their farms in Missouri, bought several hundred head of cattle and set out for Oregon at the behest of Jesse's good friend Robert Shortess.
At that time, the final hundred or so miles beyond the Wascopam Mission were by boat through dangerous winds, rapids, and eddies on the Columbia River.
Lindsay's nine year old son Warren perished, as did Jesse's ten year old Edward who did not know how to swim.
Lindsay wrote, "We resolved if we remained in the country, to find a better way for others who might wish to emigrate."
Additional fatalities in the 1844 and 1845 immigration seasons further stirred up settlers and inspired many to search for alternate routes.
Lindsay and fourteen other settlers established the South Emigrant Trail between Fort Hall in Idaho and the Willamette Valley via northern Nevada through southern Oregon where Ashland and Roseburg now lie.
The intents of this route were to be safer than the Columbia River, encourage settlers to western Oregon, avoid the Hudson's Bay Company controlled area, provide a longer travel season, and steer clear of the disputed English territory north of the Columbia, which most settlers expected would become the US-British Columbia border.
Jesse obtained information from Hudson Bay about the California Trail which led from Idaho to northern California along the Humboldt River.
That combined with knowledge of the trapper's trail between the Willamette Valley and California led fifteen men on horseback
to set out in mid June 1846 to look for a link between the two trails, blessed by the Provisional Government of Oregon.
They traveled due south through the Willamette, Umpqua, and Rogue valleys.
At the south end of the Rogue Valley—the site of present day Ashland—they turned east and crossed the Cascade Range approximately along the present route of Green Springs Highway, Oregon Route 66 and emerged near where Keno, Oregon now lies.
They went around the south end of Klamath Lake and eventually to the future site of Winnemucca, Nevada. The party split leaving some to rest, while the remainder followed the Humboldt River northeast and along the California Trail to Fort Hall.
The first emigrants to use the Applegate trail did so in fall 1846 by following the Applegate party on the return trip, a group of perhaps 150 families which were persuaded by Jesse.
Upon their return, the combined party began to blaze a trail for wagons, though they were ill-prepared for such an effort, having few tools, and consisting of mostly weary emigrants. They also faced an early winter—one which set snowfall records and stranded the Donner Party a few hundred miles to the south.
By the time they arrived in the Rogue Valley, winter had set in. Rain, snow, mud, swollen creeks and rivers hampered passage. Low supplies, scarce game, dense brush and trees, and difficulty lighting warming fires slowed progress considerably, separating the emigrants over many miles. They were spared by relief parties from the Willamette Valley when news of their trouble traveled along the trail.
The Applegates were blamed for the hardships the first wagon train faced. Jesse Quinn Thornton waged a war of words which nearly led to a duel between him and an Applegate supporter, James Nesmith. Remnants of the hostility survive today among some descendants of those survivors.
Though the Applegate Trail minimized natural dangers, aggressive Indian warriors took the lives of at least 300 emigrants by 1862, even though the trail fell into general disuse by 1847.
Lindsay Applegate and his party were the first white men in what is now the Lava Beds National Monument.
While traveling eastward they were stopped by rough lava around the south end of Tule Lake.
The feature known as Stone Bridge at the north end was the route of hundreds of emigrants.
Lindsay made a donation land claim in Yoncalla (between Eugene and Roseburg) in 1846 and established a grist mill.
As a carpenter, he had built the first river ferry in Polk County in 1844.
He also owned the Applegate Trail toll road through the Siskiyous, which he sold in the 1860s.
Lindsay was appointed special agent for the Modoc Indians in 1861. In 1862, he was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives as a Republican representing Jackson County.
In 1865, he was appointed Indian subagent, responsible for treaty negotiations and other U.S. government dealings with the Klamath Indians.
The Modoc War in 1872 was between the Modocs and the U.S. Army, just after Applegate had retired from his post.
In January 1873, along with several other settlers, including Samuel Asahel Clark and R. H. Kincaid, Lindsay successfully proposed a peace commission to stop the war's spread.
Later years.
Lindsay retired to Ashland in 1869. He died on November 28, 1892, in either Klamath Falls or Ashland,
He was survived by sons Elisha, Jesse A., Oliver, Ivan, and Lucien, and daughters Alice and Rachel. He had five other children who died before he did: Warren (the one who drowned in the Columbia River), Theresa, Annie, Frank and Jerome.
His wife, Elizabeth, died in 1882.
He published "Notes and Reminiscences of Laying Out and Establishing the Old Emigrant Road into Southern Oregon in the Year 1846".

</doc>
<doc id="20707044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707044" title="Dongshankou Station">
Dongshankou Station

Dongshankou Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 28June 1997. It is situated underground Zhongshan Road (), Nonglinxia Road (), Donghua Road South () and Shuqian Road () in the Yuexiu District. The station takes its name from the former business district of Dongshan.

</doc>
<doc id="20707055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707055" title="Clément Sawadogo">
Clément Sawadogo

Clément Pengwendé Sawadogo is a Burkinabé politician, currently serving as Minister of Territorial Administration and Decentralization. He is a member of the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP). 
Sawadogo, an adviser on economic affairs, served as Director-General of the Radio and Television of Burkina Faso and as Director of the Cabinet of the Prime Minister before being appointed as Secretary-General of the Government and the Council of Ministers on 5 September 2005. A few months later, he was appointed as Minister of Territorial Administration and Decentralization on 6 January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20707061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707061" title="Mont' Kiara International School">
Mont' Kiara International School

Mont' Kiara International School (M'KIS or MKIS) is an American international school located in Mont' Kiara, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The first students enrolled in M'KIS in 1994, and its first senior class graduated in 2001.
Located in the suburban Mont' Kiara, M'KIS contains four buildings. The Elementary School building (one of the original buildings) houses the Elementary Office and KPA to Grade 3 classes. It also houses the Elementary School computer lab and the Library Media Center (LMC). The Middle School building (also one of the original buildings) houses Grades 1 and 2, and Grades 4 through 6 classrooms. The Middle School building also contains three of the four computer labs and a science lab. The High School building contains most of the Middle and High School classes. In the High School building are the ceramics room, the Middle and High School art room, a multipurpose room and three of the four science labs. The Language Department, Administration Office and theater are in the fourth building. Also in this building are the language rooms, the gym, fitness room, dance room, canteen, dance room and activities room. On the M'KIS campus there is also a 25m swimming pool, a regulation-size soccer field, a half-sized field and two courtyards. Computer features include on-campus library services, online commercial services, Internet access and a wireless campus network. Additionally, a Elementary, Middle and High School lab, as well as a library which has open computers from 8:00 am to 4:30pm. 
Activities.
M'KIS hosts the annual Model United Nations conference, MYMUN. The school is a member of SEASAC (the South East Asian Student Activity Conference). M'KIS has also been the host for several sports tournaments, such as the SEASAC Touch in 2006 and 2009 and tennis in 2008 and 2011.
Interscholastic sports:
Accreditations.
MKIS is accredited by the International Baccalaureate (IB) and by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).
International Baccalaureate.
MKIS offers the following IB classes:
IB Group 1 subjects:
IB Group 2 subjects:
IB Group 3 subjects:
IB Group 4 subjects:
IB Group 5 subjects:
IB Group 6 subjects:

</doc>
<doc id="20707068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707068" title="Anggun C. Sasmi... Lah!!!">
Anggun C. Sasmi... Lah!!!

Anggun C. Sasmi... Lah!!! is the fourth studio album by Indonesian recording artist Anggun. It was self-produced and released in 1993 on her own label, Bali Cipta Records.
Album information.
This was Anggun's final studio album in Indonesia before moving to Europe to embark on an international career. The rock theme was still strong on the album. The album featured Grass Rock as well as "The Lost Boy", a band founded to accompany Anggun when she played live. The record produced a huge hit, "Kembalilah Kasih (Kita Harus Bicara)". The music video was directed by Indonesian actress Ria Irawan, which featured muted children translating the song's lyrics in sign language with Anggun singing in front of a big ventilator. It was also the first time Anggun sported a feminine look, wearing a gown on the video, a departure from her then-trademark style as a "lady rocker".

</doc>
<doc id="20707078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707078" title="Nicholson River (Western Australia)">
Nicholson River (Western Australia)

The Nicholson River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
The river rises just north of Koolerong Bore then flows south-west through Nicholson and through Marella Gorge then turning north and discharging into the Ord River on the eastern edge of Purnululu National Park near Doughboy Hill.
There are eleven tributaries of the Nicholson including; Bamboo Creek, Bull Creek, Clean Skin Creek, Red Bank Creek, Tyson Creek and Wire Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="20707083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707083" title="Pennsylvania class">
Pennsylvania class

There have been three ship classes with the name "Pennsylvania". They are:

</doc>
<doc id="20707119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707119" title="Tuscan regional election, 1980">
Tuscan regional election, 1980

The Tuscan regional election of 1980 took place on 8 June 1980.
Electoral law.
Election was held under proportional representation with provincial constituencies where the largest remainder method with a Droop quota was used. To ensure more proportionality, remained votes and seats were transferred at regional level and calculated at-large.
Results.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party. After the election Mario Leone (Italian Socialist Party), the incumbent President of the Region, formed a new government with the Italian Communist Party.
In 1983 a government crisis occurred as the relationship between the Communists and the Socialists had become tense at the national level. Communist Gianfranco Bartolini formed a one-party government and then a new coalition government with the Italian Socialist Party of Proletarian Unity and the Proletarian Unity Party.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20707122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707122" title="Larry Gray">
Larry Gray

Larry Gray is a Chicago musician known for his compositions and skill on the Double Bass and Cello. His primary teachers were Joseph Guastafeste, longtime principal bassist of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, and cellist Karl Fruh, a highly regarded soloist and teacher.
Family.
Gray has been married to Karolyn R. Kuehner since 1990. Their daughter, Soffia H. Kuehner Gray, was born in 1994.
Music Style.
Bassist Larry Gray demonstrates an impressive versatility and an uncommon musical curiosity. Originally a jazz guitarist, Gray switched to the double bass and quickly developed a reputation as a first-call sideman. Within a short time, he began to work at Chicago's premier jazz club, the Jazz Showcase, where he appeared with increasing frequency, often with drummer Wilbur Campbell and pianist Willie Pickens. Throughout the years he has worked with such jazz greats as George Coleman, Lee Konitz, Bobby Hutcherson, McCoy Tyner, Sonny Fortune, Ira Sullivan, Junior Mance, David "Fathead" Newman, Charles McPherson, Branford Marsalis, Benny Golson, Jackie McLean, Sonny Stitt, Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, Al Cohn, Eddie Harris and Les McCann. In addition, he has collaborated with guitarists Kenny Burrell, Joe Pass, and Tal Farlow, as well as the drummers Ed Thigpen and Jack DeJohnette, and trumpeters Donald Byrd and Harry "Sweets" Edison, among others.
Gray has studied classical music extensively. His principal teachers were Joseph Guastafeste, longtime principal bassist of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and cellist Karl Fruh, a highly regarded soloist and teacher. Under Mr. Fruh's guidance, he received Bachelors and Masters degrees in Cello Performance from Chicago Musical College of Roosevelt University.
Touring.
He tours extensively, performing at jazz festivals and clubs, including the Umbria Jazz Festival, the Montreal International Jazz Festival, The Montreaux Detroit Festival, the ECM Festival, the Poznan Jazz Festival, the Chicago Jazz Festival, Monterey Jazz Festival, the Havana Jazz Festival, Rio São Paulo Festival, North Sea Jazz Festival, Montreux Jazz Festival, Johannesburg International Jazz Festival, Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, the Hollywood Bowl, Village Vanguard, the Blue Notes in Tokyo, Nagoya, New York and Milan, Ronnie Scott's in London, Zawinal's Birdland in Vienna, and the Ravinia Festival, with such jazz luminaries as Marian McPartland, Clark Terry, Nancy Wilson, Frank Morgan, Roscoe Mitchell, James Moody, Larry Coryell, Louis Bellson, Barry Harris, Ramsey Lewis, Dorothy Donegan, Monty Alexander, Frank Wess, Joe Williams, Doc Severinsen and The Tonight Show Band, and Kenny Drew Jr.
In the Studio.
Gray is an arranger and composer whose discography includes Solo + Quartet on Premonition Records; Gravity, a solo bass recording and One Look, featuring his piano trio's performances of original compositions, both on Graywater Records; the Ramsey Lewis trio recordings Appassionata, Time Flies and With One Voice; the Ramsey Lewis and Nancy Wilson collaborations Meant to Be and Simple Pleasures; all on Narada/Virgin Records. Gray also arranged and produced the critically acclaimed CD, Django by Ferro. In addition, Gray's original composition for double bass and guitar, Five Movements, was commissioned and performed by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra Chamber Ensemble at Symphony Center in Chicago. His newest work, Larry Gray 1,2,3 ... , featuring his guitar trio's performances of his original compositions, on Chicago Sessions Records, was released in December 2008.
Gray has recorded with Ramsey Lewis, Nancy Wilson, Curtis Fuller, Ira Sullivan, Lin Halliday, Jodie Christian, Willie Pickens, Nicholas Payton, Randy Brecker, Bunky Green, Bob Moses, Irish musicians Larry Nugent, John Williams and Bohola, pop sensations Linda Eder, Dennis DeYoung, Jim Peterik and Peter Cetera, and songwriter Michael Smith, among others. In addition, Gray can be seen on multiple episodes of the PBS series hosted by Ramsey Lewis, Legends of Jazz. He is a first-call studio musician, and his playing can also be heard on many commercial radio and television jingle and studio projects.
Gray has been featured as a solo recitalist on both bass and cello at various universities and venues throughout the midwest. His recitals are unique in their eclecticism, combining jazz, modern improvised music, and European classical repertoire. He was also the featured bassist in Amistad, produced by the Lyric Opera of Chicago. In addition to his work with the Lyric Opera of Chicago, he was principal bass of Civic Orchestra of Chicago, and has served as a substitute with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Gray recently collaborated with choreographer Lauri Stallings and dancers from Hubbard Street Chicago and the Joffrey Ballet, developing an original work for solo double bass and dancers.
Teaching.
Gray is a dedicated teacher. In 2007 he joined the full time jazz faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign where he is Assistant Professor of Double Bass in Jazz. He previously held positions at DePaul University, where he taught for nineteen years, and also at Northern Illinois University and the American Conservatory of Music. A dedicated educator, he remains active as a clinician at high school and college jazz festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="20707146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707146" title="Tuscan regional election, 1985">
Tuscan regional election, 1985

The Tuscan regional election of 1985 took place on 12 May 1985.
Electoral law.
Election was held under proportional representation with provincial constituencies where the largest remainder method with a Droop quota was used. To ensure more proportionality, remained votes and seats were transferred at regional level and calculated at-large.
Results.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party. After the election Gianfranco Bertolini, the incumbent Communist President of the Region, formed a new government with the support of the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian Democratic Socialist Party.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20707158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707158" title="Earth Revisited">
Earth Revisited

Earth Revisited is an 1893 utopian novel by Byron Alden Brooks. It is one entrant in the large body of utopian and speculative fiction that characterized the later 19th and early 20th centuries.
Genre.
Brooks sends his protagonist from the late 19th century into the future to experience a vastly improved world. His novel is one of a stream of such books that appeared in the late 19th century. Edward Bellamy's "Looking Backward" (1888) was the most famous, popular, and influential of these; and "Earth Revisited" has been dismissively called "One of the stepchildren" of Bellamy's book. Yet Brooks's novel can be usefully compared to an earlier work in the genre, John Macnie's "The Diothas" (1883). Both books share some particular ideas (like communal food preparation for private homes); and the concept of reincarnation is fundamental to both, which is not typical of the utopian literature of the era as a whole.
Like many other utopian novels, "Earth Revisited" also verges on science fiction in its anticipation of future technologies. Notably, Brooks envisions contact with intelligent life on the planet Mars: topographic features are engineered as signals between the planets. (On the Earth, a large equilateral triangle, a hundred miles per side, is constructed in the Great Plains.) Brooks also foresees a vast land reclamation project that turns the Sahara Desert into a region of lakes and farmland.
Society and technology.
Brooks anticipates a number of developments that would come about in the decades after his book, including a juvenile justice system that is empowered to remove children from homes with unsuitable parents. Technologically, he equips his future with electric cars and dirigible-like aircraft called "anemons." He envisions electricity generated with solar power. He predicts color photography and advances in electronic communications. In what may be the most surprising feature in the book, dogs are taught to understand human speech and respond with a simple code of staccato barks — a foreshadowing of modern communication with apes and other animals using methods like sign language.
Spiritualism.
In his novel, author Brooks goes farther than most utopian writers of his generation (including Macnie) ever did in uniting the utopian genre with elements of the spiritualism that was popular in his era. One contemporaneous source classified his book as a "spiritual romance." Brooks uses several elements of spiritualism in his book, including hypnotism, somnambulism, clairvoyance, mediumship, and automatic writing; reincarnation and life after death are important themes. Brooks concludes his book with a long discussion of religious and theological matters.
Every novelist who wants to send his hero into the future has to decide on a means of doing so. For Bellamy, hypnosis does the trick, while the anonymous author of "The Great Romance" administers a "sleeping draught" to his character. Brooks chose what is arguably the most radical approach: he has his hero die, and then awaken in the body of another man living a century later.
Synopsis.
The novel delivers the story of Herbert Atheron in a first-person narrative. In 1892 he is a successful businessman, married, the father of a son and daughter. Though not yet 50 years old, he has contracted a fatal illness; at the start of the book, he is dying. He re-evaluates his life, to reach a grim conclusion: he feels that he has wasted his life by concentrating on business and neglecting the personal and familial matters that count most. He especially regrets the loss of his first love, a woman named Theresa, who died young after he abandoned her. On his deathbed, he feels himself "alone in the vast vacuity of space, a naked, shivering soul. A deep darkness of horror engulfed me. I could endure no more."
When he regains consciousness, he finds himself in the body of a 27-year-old man named Harold Amesbury. He discovers that it is now a hundred years later; Amesbury has been ill and delirious for three months. His fiancée, Helen Newcome, is overjoyed at his recovery — but stunned when he reveals his identity as Atherton. Helen determines to nurse Herbert/Harold back to mental health. She leads him out into the world, where he confronts the vast changes of the intervening century, and beholds the "bewildering magnificence and beauty" — of Brooklyn in 1992.
Helen Newcome brings the protagonist to her inventor father; together, the two Newcomes guide the confused time traveller in the realities of 1992. Society has enjoyed vast improvement in the intervening century: the city of Columbia, formerly New York, is cleaner, better organized, more peaceful, healthier, and generally better than before. Electrification and mechanization have brought widespread prosperity, and the extremes of wealth and poverty have been levelled. Government has assumed more responsibility: all land is owned by the state, and people lease the sites of their palatial houses. Newcome the inventor concentrates on improving food production; he receives a stipend from the state, and his inventions go to benefit society as a whole.
Brooks does not dwell on the larger political organization of society, though he indicates the world is dominated by the United States of America and a "United States of Europe." War is a thing of the past.
Brooks blends the technical and the spiritual: when Newcome shows the protagonist the new "harmonic telegraph," Atherton/Amesbury speculates about the possibilities of both radio and telepathy. The second half of the book is dominated by spiritual matters. The protagonist has a rough adjustment to his strange situation, and obsesses over his lost Theresa. Helen Newcome grows distressed at her limited ability to help her fiancé, and leaves for a trip abroad. Atherton/Amesbury boards with a widow and her children. The daughter of the house, Irene, was used as an experimental subject in hypnotism by her late physician father; she is a spontaneous medium and clairvoyant. Irene leads the protagonist on an aerial journey to the now-lush Sahara, where he is re-united with Helen. Through psychic visions, the two come to understand that Helen is the lost Theresa reincarnated. They are happily married in the end.
The author.
Byron Alden Brooks (1845–1911) was a native New Yorker, born in the small town of Theresa (a name that he employs for important characters in "Earth Revisited"). He was educated at Wesleyan University, graduating in 1871. Brooks was a teacher, journalist, and inventor as well as the author of several other literary works. His first book was "King Saul" (1876). As an inventor, he produced improvements in typewriters and linotype machines; his most notable innovation was probably the first typewriter that could shift between upper- and lower-case letters. He held approximately thirty patents (in printing, telegraph and type-forming machines) and published several novels, among other works.

</doc>
<doc id="20707179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707179" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1912–1913">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1912–1913

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 30 April 1912 election and the 23 January 1913 election.
The term was shortened due to instability within the newly formed Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20707194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707194" title="Martyrs' Park Station">
Martyrs' Park Station

Martyrs' Park Station () is a station of Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 June 1997. It is located at the underground of the junction of Zhongshan 3rd Road () and Jiaochang Road East () in Yuexiu District. It is named as "Martyrs' Park Station" because of the nearby Guangzhou Martyrs' Memorial Garden or Guangzhou Martyrs' Memorial Cemetery (), a park dedicated to those who fought and died in the Guangzhou Uprising by the Chinese communists against the Kuomintang in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="20707196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707196" title="Milan Mišůn">
Milan Mišůn

Club career.
FK Příbram.
Mišůn played for FK Příbram, where he made 24 appearances and scored two goals.
Celtic.
On 15 December 2008, Mišůn's agent Ondřej Chovanec said that Mišůn would move to Celtic. AC Milan and Copenhagen were also hoping to sign him but Celtic beat them to his signature. Mišůn was given the number 15 shirt and was eligible to play for Celtic from 1 January 2009. He was an unused substitute in a 4–2 loss to Aberdeen on 18 January 2009.
Dundee.
Mišůn was loaned out for a month to Scottish First Division side Dundee on 17 September 2010 and made his debut the following weekend in a 0-0 draw against Raith Rovers. He returned to Celtic after Dundee fell into administration.
Return to Celtic.
After returning to Celtic, on 28 January 2011 Mišůn apparently joined League One side Swindon Town for an undisclosed fee - however, it was later revealed he had not officially signed a contract.
Viktoria Plzeň.
After joining Viktoria Plzeň, Mišůn was linked with a move to Sheffield United in July 2012.
International career.
Mišůn was a member of the Czech under-19 team and made six appearances, his last being in a 5-1 win against Estonia on 26 May 2009. He scored one goal, a shot from 25 yards against Spain on 23 May 2009. He has played at under-20 level for his country.

</doc>
<doc id="20707200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707200" title="Lanteglos-by-Fowey">
Lanteglos-by-Fowey

Lanteglos-by-Fowey (Old , meaning "church valley") is a coastal civil parish in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated on the east side of the tidal estuary of the River Fowey which separates it from the town and civil parish of Fowey.
To the north, Lanteglos-by-Fowey is bounded by the parish of St Veep, to the east by the parish of Lansallos, and to the south by the sea. The parish is in the Liskeard Registration District and the population in the 2001 census was 994.
and Penpol Creek forms part of the northern boundary.
The village of Lanteglos Highway is in the north of the parish.
The parish church of Saint Wyllow is at Churchtown hamlet () just over a mile (2 km) to the south. St Saviour church (a chapel-of-ease of the parish church) is situated in Polruan, the largest settlement in the parish.
The riverside village of Bodinnick lies to the west of the parish. A car ferry to Fowey departs from there.
The hamlet of Whitecross () lies between Lanteglos Highway and Bodinnick. It has a village hall.
The hamlet of Mixtow lies on the River Fowey to the west. There was a lime kiln here and a watermill to the north at Castle.
Pont Pill is a tidal creek which runs through the parish. The hamlet of Pont () lies on the stream running into the pill. There was a quey, granary, two limekilns, malt house, warehouse, corn mill, three watermills (dating from 1298, 1309 and 1423) a sawmill, beer house and blacksmith in Pont. An isolation hospital for sailor with Yellow Fever was built further down the pill toward Polruan.
The South West Coast Path runs along the southern coasts of the parish and much of the southern part of the parish lies in the Polruan to Polperro Site of Special Scientific Interest managed by the National Trust. Lantic Bay is a beach on the coast.
Parish church.
The parish church, dedicated to St Wyllow, was built in the 14th century and refashioned in the 15th. The 16th century benchends and panels from family pews have been preserved in the careful restoration by E. H. Sedding. The church contains the brasses of Thomas de Mohun, ca. 1440, and John Mohun and his wife, 1508.

</doc>
<doc id="20707203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707203" title="Tuscan regional election, 1990">
Tuscan regional election, 1990

The Tuscan regional election of 1990 took place on 6 May 1990.
Electoral law.
Election was held under proportional representation with provincial constituencies where the largest remainder method with a Droop quota was used. To ensure more proportionality, remained votes and seats were transferred at regional level and calculated at-large.
Results.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party, but lost many votes from five years before. After the election Communist Marco Marcucci formed a government comprising the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian Democratic Socialist Party. In 1992 Vannino Chiti took over from Marcucci and the centre-right Italian Liberal Party joined the government.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20707205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707205" title="2009 Copa Constitució">
2009 Copa Constitució

Copa Constitució 2009 is the seventeenth season of Andorra's football knockout tournament. The competition started on 17 January 2009 with the first round games and will end on 24 May 2009 with the Final. The defending champions are UE Sant Julià.
The winners will earn a place in the second qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League 2009–10.
Results.
On 9 December 2008 Andorran Football Federation announced the First Round fixtures and dates for all remaining rounds.
First round.
This round was entered by teams from 2008–09 Segona Divisió season placed second to seventh after 6 rounds played. The matches were played on 17, 18 and 19 January 2009.
Second round.
The winners from the previous round competed in this round, as well as one remaining team from Segona Divisió, first placed FC Encamp. The teams from this year's Primera Divisió placed fifth to eighth after 7 rounds played – CE Principat, Inter Club d'Escaldes, FC Rànger's, and UE Engordany – also entered in this round. The matches were played from 20–23 January 2009.
Quarterfinals.
The winners from the previous round competed in this round together with the teams from Primera Divisió placed first to fourth after 7 rounds played – FC Santa Coloma, UE Sant Julià, UE Santa Coloma, and FC Lusitanos. The first legs were played on 1 February 2009 while the second legs took place on 8 February 2009.
Semifinals.
The first legs were played on 10 May 2009 while the second legs took place on 17 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20707246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707246" title="Changxing Island (Dalian)">
Changxing Island (Dalian)

General.
Changxing Island is located in the eastern part of Bohai Sea, off the coast of Wafangdian, Dalian, China. It is the sixth largest island in China (including Taiwan) and the largest island north of the Chang River. Its area is 252.5 square kilometers (30 kilometers from east to west and 11 kilometers from north to south) and its population, 60,000.
Traditionally based on fishing and agriculture, its economy suddenly changing to distribution, industrial and resort development.
Dalian Changxing Island Seaport Industrial Area.
This industrial area consists of Changxing, Jiaoliu and three other islands, a total area of 350 square kilometers. It was made a Provincial Economic Development Zone by the Liaoning provincial government in January, 2002, and later in 2006, was made part of the "Five Points, One Line" industrial zone development plan. Its management committee was established by the Dalian municipal government in May, 2005.
There are already the following projects:

</doc>
<doc id="20707252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707252" title="Bathurst Jewish Community Centre">
Bathurst Jewish Community Centre

The Bathurst Jewish Community Centre (BJCC) was the Jewish Community Centre for the Toronto area. It was located along Bathurst Street in the Bathurst Manor neighbourhood of Toronto and had over 100 programs and services, serving daycare to stroke recovery, seniors, Maccabi athletes, and campers. The BJCC was run by a non-profit charitable organization funded through UJA Federation, United Way, the government, fees and private support.
History.
The BJCC was originally founded in 1930 as the YMHA (Young Men’s Hebrew Association), and it offered members various programming opportunities in rented rooms in the Brunswick Avenue and College Street area in downtown Toronto. In 1953 a new facility was built, the Bloor Street "Y" at Bloor Street and Spadina Avenue. It is still there today, but has been completely renovated and is now called the Miles Nadal JCC.
As Toronto's Jewish community moved northward up the Bathurst Street corridor, so did the Jewish facilities and services. In 1958 saw the groundbreaking of the North "Y", which was the location of the Bathurst Jewish Community Centre.
In addition to a fitness club, two pools, squash courts, gyms, running tracks, and an aerobics studio, the BJCC contained the Leah Posluns Theatre, Centre Camp, Kolel: The Adult Centre for Liberal Jewish Learning, the Family Resource Centre, and the Koffler Centre of the Arts. The BJCC property is currently under a large redevelopment. The new facility will be called the Prosserman JCC and is being constructed in phases.
Koffler Centre of the Arts.
Opened in 1977 inside the BJCC, the "Koffler Centre of the Arts" is a broad-based cultural institution that was established by Murray and Marvelle Koffler. The Koffler Centre teaches dance, music, and visual arts; presents exhibitions of cutting-edge contemporary Canadian art; and is home to the Helen and Stan Vine Canadian Jewish Book Awards, the Annual Jewish Book Fair, the Koffler Chamber Orchestra, and the Stars of the 21st Century Gala. It presents concerts, film screenings, poetry, spoken word, comedy, and discussions on world issues through the lens of culture.
Lipa Green Centre for Jewish Community Services.
While not part of the BJCC, the Lipa Green Centre for Jewish Community Services shared the same property but was a separate building. The redevelopment plans call for all buildings to be connected by bridges and atriums with the Lipa Green Centre itself having just undergone a major renovation.
Sherman Campus Project.
In 2007, the UJA of Greater Toronto announced plans to demolish the BJCC and build a newer, more advanced, and larger complex on the same site. The name given to the lot and the all of the proposed buildings therein was the "Sherman Campus".
In 2009 the BJCC was demolished and in its place started construction on the Prosserman Jewish Community Centre. The first phase (The Donald Gales Family Pavilion) was completed in 2010. The first phase of the Prosserman Centre is considerably smaller than the BJCC and offers very limited programming. It is the current home to the Koffler gallery for the arts, and has absorbed many of the employees and programs offered by the BJCC, however, many more people were laid off when the building was demolished. The Prosserman JCC currently houses a limited health centre.
UJA continues to fundraise to begin the second phase of construction.

</doc>
<doc id="20707253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707253" title="Gongyuanqian Station">
Gongyuanqian Station

Gongyuanqian Station () is an interchange station of Line 1 and Line 2 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operation on 28June 1999 and is located under Guangzhou People's Park in the Yuexiu District of Guangzhou. 
The station adopts the Spanish solution to separate passengers who get on and off the train. When the train arrives at the platform, train doors and platform screen doors on the right side are opened first to allow passengers to get off. Then those on the left side are opened to allow passengers to get on.

</doc>
<doc id="20707265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707265" title="Grønningen">
Grønningen

Grønningen is a Danish artists cooperative whose members arrange exhibitions and similar events. Founded in 1915, it is one of the oldest and most important groupings of its kind in Denmark and currently has 54 members. It is named after the street Grønningen in Copenhagen where the first art exhibition was held.
Initially, it brought together artists interested in radical and experimental art who had been members of Den Frie Udstilling ("The Free Exhibition"). Most prominent in the early years were artists such as Harald Giersing, Sigurd Swane, Olaf Rude, William Scharff, Fritz Syberg and Johannes Larsen. They were soon joined by Vilhelm Lundstrøm, Svend Johansen, Axel Salto, Jens Søndergaard, Niels Lergaard, Erik Hoppe, Christine Swane, Astrid Noack and Gottfred Eickhoff. Later came Erik Werner, Eiler Krag, Ib Spang Olsen, Lars Bo and Bo Bojesen. During the 1940s, abstract art was introduced by Richard Mortensen and Egill Jacobsen. 
The annual exhibitions are now held in the Charlottenborg Exhibition Hall and feature key foreign artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20707268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707268" title="ESU Schools Mace">
ESU Schools Mace

The English-Speaking Union Schools Mace is an annual debating tournament for secondary schools in England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales. 
The competition was founded in 1957 by the journalist Kenneth Harris of "The Observer" newspaper, and was initially known as The Observer Schools Mace. Since 1995, the tournament has been organised by the English-Speaking Union, with assistance from several regional convenors.
Schools across the United Kingdom and Ireland are eligible to enter one team in the championships each year, made up of two student debaters from the school. Teams compete in area qualifying rounds, with the best performing teams going on to the national finals to determine an English, Irish, Scottish and Welsh champion team. These four teams then compete in an International Final to determine the overall champions. The championship trophy is known as the Silver Mace. 
The equivalent competition for universities in the UK and Ireland is the John Smith Memorial Mace.

</doc>
<doc id="20707272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707272" title="Warren Westlund">
Warren Westlund

Warren DeHaven Westlund (August 20, 1926 – February 13, 1992) was an American rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Olympia, Washington and died in Seattle.
In 1948 he was the strokeman of the American boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20707286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707286" title="Bob Martin (rower)">
Bob Martin (rower)

Robert "Bob" Doud Martin (June 19, 1925 – October 18, 2012) was an American rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born in Tacoma, Washington and died in Gig Harbor, Washington.
In 1948 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20707291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707291" title="Bob Will">
Bob Will

Robert "Bob" Ide Will (born April 20, 1925) is an American rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Seattle.
In 1948 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20707293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707293" title="Museo Nazionale della Magna Grecia">
Museo Nazionale della Magna Grecia

The Museo Nazionale della Magna Grecia ("National Museum of Magna Græcia"), Museo Archeologico Nazionale di Reggio Calabria ("National Archaeological Museum of Reggio Calabria") or Palazzo Piacentini is a museum in Reggio Calabria, southern Italy, housing an archaeological collection from sites in Magna Graecia.
Initially formed with a nucleus of material ceded from the city's Museo Civico in the 19th century, the Museo Archeologico Nazionale della Magna Grecia then grew via many discoveries in various excavation campaigns in the ancient city-states of Calabria, Basilicata and Sicily by the Soprintendenza Archeologica della Calabria right up to the present day, including the Riace bronzes. They are extremely important for studies of the 8th century BC, but also has several objects from the prehistoric and protohistoric periods which preceded it and the ancient Roman and Byzantine eras which followed. Today new finds in Calabria are no longer displayed and conserved in a single museum, but exhibited where they have been found, since the quantity of new discoveries has allowed smaller local museums to be set up for them (at Crotone, Locri, Roccelletta di Borgia, Sibari, Vibo Valentia and Lamezia Terme). These are taken together as the "museo reggino".
The Museo Nazionale.
The most notable of its collections include:
Palazzo Piacentini.
The building was designed by Marcello Piacentini (from whom it takes its name) and built between 1932 and 1941. Characterised by its massive volume and monumentality, it consists of a ground floor in 'bugnato' black lava stone, linking the different heights of the "Corso Garibaldi" and the "Via Vittorio Veneto". On this rest grand travertine pilasters and large windows for the first floor exhibition galleries. These large windows make the galleries open, airy and light and allow smoother and more continuous routes between them. On the main facade is a series of large illustrations of the ancient currencies of the cities of Magna Grecia. After the opening many rooms on the ground floor were also opened to the public as galleries (though not designed as such) and today the Museum occupies all the available space on all the floors (three floors and a basement).
History of the museum.
The origins of the "Museo Nazionale di Reggio Calabria" dates back to 1882 with the foundation of the "Museo Civico" which, in the new climate of national unity, collected and spread culture to local people by exhibiting paintings, objects of local history and culture, archeological finds, and mementoes of "Il Risorgimento". This formed the "Museo Civico di Reggio", based in the seafront "Palazzo Arcivescovile" and formed of ethnology, medieval art, modern art, "Risorgimento" art and numismatic departments. In 1907 the "Soprintendenza Archeologica della Calabria" was founded under the leadership of the famous archaeologist Paolo Orsi - it carried out intense excavations at Reggio, Locri, and in the main centres of archeological interest in Calabria. After the earthquake of 1908, which destroyed the city, Paolo Orsi suggested the creation of a National Museum, to exhibit objects from state excavations alongside those from Reggio's city collections.
The "Soprintendenza Archeologica" was set up in 1925 in Reggio and in 1932 it initiated construction of the building for the "Museo Centrale della Magna Grecia" or "Museo Nazionale della Magna Grecia". It was designed by Marcello Piacentini, one of the most famous Italian architects of the first half of the 20th century, who created Italy's first purpose-built museum building (rather than a museum set up in an existing building). Its first stone was blessed by archbishop Carmelo Pujia, and then laid by the prince of Piedmont, with the following letter walled into it:
The new building opened in 1932 but closed on the outbreak of the Second World War, which led to its objects being transferred to safer locations.
The new headquarters were inaugurated in 1932 but they had to be closed up because of the war, which forced the transfer of the materials to safer sites. In 1954, the collections of the "Museo Civico" were reunited with those of the "Museo Nazionale", which was re-opened to the public in 1959. In 1962, the prehistory, protohistory and Locri rooms were opened, whilst the lapidary gallery and art gallery were opened in 1969 and the numismatic gallery in 1973.
After the very important find of the "Riace Bronzes" (which, along with the "Head of a Philosopher", have contributed to the museum's reputation) an underwater archaeology gallery was created in 1981, dedicated to the memory of superintendent Giuseppe Foti, who died just before its opening. In 1982 the galleries on the Greek colonies and Ionic and Tyrrhenian sub-colonies were re-arranged, thus opening the first and second floor to the public and adding 40 more galleries. There are now plans to move the medieval and modern art galleries (currently on the second floor) to another building to make room for thematic archaeological displays which are in preparation. The museum is currently divided into six sections and an art gallery, arranged in chronological and topographic order and spread over 4 floors.
Collections.
The entrance is from "Piazza De Nava" and the visitor is immediately welcomed by the view of a tuff Telamone, coming from a public building from the 2nd century BC and found at "Montescaglioso".
Prehistory and Protohistory.
This section, which was recently reorganized with modern didactical criteria and with the construction of various rooms, collects Calabrian materials of sure date and origin, prehistoric findings (which come from stratified excavations) presented in chronological order through the documentation from the different sites, and displayed in the long room dedicated to them.
The most antique objects, coming from the Lower Paleolithic date back to 600,000 years ago, are “choppers” (splintered rocks), found near "Casella di Maida" in the center of Calabria.
At the entrance of the room are two large dioramas with life scenes from the people of the Middle and Upper Paleolithic. Next, there is the reproduction of the engraving representing the "Bos Primigenius" a bovid dating back around 11,000 years ago (thus from the final part of the Upper Paleolithic). It was discovered on a boulder in 1961, together with two other smaller figures and many linear signs, at the "Riparo del Romito" in the municipality of "Papasidero", along the river valley Lao, which is at the border with Basilicata. The reproduction of the engraving has a great artistic value (beside its historical value) because the assurance of the line and the tridimensional effect make it the most significant figure, among all those found in the Mediterranean Sea, of the Paleolithic realism.
Next to the engraving, simulating what was found at the "Romito", a tomb has been recreated, in which one can see the skeletons of two people who have been buried contemporaneously in an unusual position, laying side by side and partially overlapping. The female skeleton laying underneath slips her left arm, as if in an affectionate gesture, around the neck of the young man partially above her who, as it is visible, is deformed by rickets. Maybe these are the skeletons of the guardians, pro tempore, of this sacred place, which has bovine engravings that are the images used during the rites before the hunt.
Continuing further we find another diorama constructed to show scenes of life of the Neolithic (8,000- 5,000 years ago), followed by some show windows exhibiting terracotta, bronze, and iron objects, such as: vases, pitchers, calices, ax, swords and fibula, which go from the Neolithic to the next ages, coming from Calabrian places such as: "Praia a Mare, Torre Galli, Santa Domenica di Ricadi, Roccella Ionica, Amendolara, Cassano allo Ionio".
Art gallery.
The art collection has been relocated to the Pinacoteca Civica, in the former foyer of the city theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20707303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707303" title="Gordy Giovanelli">
Gordy Giovanelli

Gordon "Gordy" Stephen Giovanelli (born 11 April 1925 in Everett, Washington) is an American rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He rowed for the University of Washington and in 1948 he was the bowman of the American boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20707306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707306" title="Gerald Charles Dickens (actor)">
Gerald Charles Dickens (actor)

Gerald Roderick Charles Dickens (born 9 October 1963) is a British actor and performer known in the United Kingdom and the United States for his one man shows based on the novels of his great-great-grandfather, Charles Dickens. He was the President of the Dickens Fellowship from 2005 to 2007.
Life and career.
Born in Royal Tunbridge Wells in Kent, the fourth child and second son of David Kenneth Charles Dickens (1925–2005) and his wife Betty (1927–2010), Gerald Dickens is the grandson of Sir Gerald Charles Dickens RN (after whom he was named) and the great-grandson of Sir Henry Fielding Dickens KC; he is also the cousin of author Monica Dickens, biographer and writer Lucinda Hawksley and actor Harry Lloyd. Dickens attended Huntleys Secondary School for Boys in Tunbridge Wells in Kent and West Kent College.
Inspired to be an actor by a performance of "Nicholas Nickleby" by the Royal Shakespeare Company, Gerald Dickens first performed his solo version of "A Christmas Carol" in America in 1993, returning annually to perform at historic hotels, libraries, theatres and Dickens festivals. In 2009, Dickens' American tour included such Christmas companies as Vaillancourt Folk Art and Byers Choice and has yielded national and local press.
Based on the readings performed by Charles Dickens himself during his own British and American tours, Gerald Dickens performs extracts from "The Pickwick Papers", "David Copperfield", "Oliver Twist", "Great Expectations", "Nicholas Nickleby" and "A Christmas Carol" among others, in the latter creating 26 characters in a performance described by "The New York Times" as "a once in a lifetime brush with literary history."
Dickens has recorded unabridged audiobooks of "The Pickwick Papers" and "Nicholas Nickleby". In December 2011 he appeared on the BBC's "Songs of Praise".
Dickens lived in Goudhurst in Kent with his former wife Lucy Marsh. He was stepfather to Georgia and Jasmine Goldsmith and father to Cameron Thomas Charles Dickens (born in 1999). He now lives in Abingdon in Oxfordshire with his partner Liz Hayes, a pianist who sometimes accompanies his performances.

</doc>
<doc id="20707310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707310" title="Randhir Witana">
Randhir Witana

Randhir Yasendra Witana is a popular Sri Lankan Hip-Hop/RnB musician signed to Universal Music & M Entertainment. Randhir's style of music blends together RnB vocals with ethnic Sri Lankan instrumentation and heavy Hip Hop backbeats.
Background.
Randhir was educated at Royal College, Colombo, and completed his higher studies overseas.
Beginnings.
Randhir began his professional music career as Hip Hop frontman for Sri Lankan pop supergroup Bathiya & Santhush, featuring on their first Hip Hop/Fusion song "Siri Sangabodhi". In the early years of his career Randhir collaborated with many popular young Sri Lankan artists, notably Bathiya & Santhush featuring as a Rap Artist on many of the group's 'club tracks'.
Success with debut single "Namal Mitak".
In 2006, Randhir released his debut single "Namal Mitak". "Namal Mitak" was composed by Randhir and produced by Sachith Peiris. The release of "Namal Mitak" marked Randhir's entry into the Sri Lankan music industry as a solo artist and won him much acclaim among music lovers of all ages. The song topped many Sri Lankan radio charts while video recordings of his live performances were given heavy rotation on many Sri Lankan TV channels.
"Namal Mitak" - The Album.
Randhir released his debut solo album "Namal Mitak" on 23 September 2008, through Universal Music & M Entertainment. The release of a music video for "Ojaye" ( which was another popular hit single) followed soon after the release of the album. The music video for "Ojaye" was awarded the prize for the best choreography at the Derana Music Video Awards 2010.
International Acclaim & Ambassadorship.
In August 2008 Randhir represented Sri Lanka as the country's Dance & Electronic Music Ambassador at the C/O POP Music Festival. C/O POP is one of the world’s biggest dance music festival and is held in the city of Cologne, Germany. Randhir was the first representative from Sri Lanka to ever represent his country C/O POP.
In Nov/December 2008 Randhir volunteered to be the spokesperson for an AIDS Awareness Campaign by the National STD & AIDS Control Program of Sri Lanka. On 10 December 2008, Randhir received an award from the NSACP in recognition of his contribution towards AIDS prevention in Sri Lanka.
Discography.
Studio Albums

</doc>
<doc id="20707312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707312" title="Allen Morgan (rower)">
Allen Morgan (rower)

Allen Jerome Morgan (July 16, 1925 – September 12, 2011) was an American rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Born in Seattle, Washington, he was the coxswain of the American boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20707313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707313" title="HMS Arabis">
HMS Arabis

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Arabis", after the flower, the Arabis.

</doc>
<doc id="20707316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707316" title="Carl Mayrhofer">
Carl Mayrhofer

Carl Mayrhofer (June 2, 1837, Austria – June 3, 1882 in Franziskovy, now Czech Republic) was physician conducting work on the role of germs in childbed fever.
In 1862 he was appointed second assistant to professor Carl Braun in the maternity clinic at Vienna General Hospital. He was encouraged by Braun to study airborne organisms as the source of childbed fever. As such, Mayrhofer was asked to support the position of Braun in his extremely bitter feud with Ignaz Semmelweis, who claimed that the disease was caused by contaminated hands, in effect blaming doctors for the horrific mortality rates at the time (i.e. that it was an iatrogenic disease). Mayrhofer referred to these organisms as vibrions. At first, Mayrhofer's work supported Braun's views and the results were published. In an 1865 publication, however, Mayrhofer concluded that infection was usually the result of contaminated hands thus rejecting Braun's concept and supporting Ignaz Semmelweis' rivalling theory. Openly disagreeing with his superior, his fate was sealed. Mayrhofer's work was rejected and he soon left the clinic. He entered into private practice. He was appointed privatdozent of obstetrics in 1870, and a few years later, adjunct professor within the same field.

</doc>
<doc id="20707327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707327" title="Meliza Bañales">
Meliza Bañales

Meliza Banales or Meliza Bañales is a San Francisco based slam poet. She was born in Los Angeles and attended the University of California, Santa Cruz.
Writing.
She is the author of "Say It With Your Whole Mouth" (Monkey Book Press, 2003) and the forthcoming "51 Poems About Nothing At All". She has been involved in spoken-word and writing since 1996 and gained recognition for being the first Latina on the West Coast to win a poetry slam championship in 2002 (Oakland, CA). She was the 2002 winner of the People Before Profits Poetry Prize and she has work in "Revolutionary Voices", "", "The First Encyclopedia of Activism and Social Change", "Baby Remember My Name: New Queer Girl Writing", and "Word Warriors". Her film, "Do the Math", with award-winning director Mary Guzman was the 2006 winner of a Frameline Completion Grant and screened at Outfest 2007.
Performance.
She was one of the artists on tour with Sister Spit: The Next Generation (2007). She sometimes performs under the moniker "Missy Fuego". She was also a cast member in the 2008 Dark Room Theater production of "The Ten Commandments: Live!".

</doc>
<doc id="20707330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707330" title="Oeceus">
Oeceus

In Greek mythology, Oeceus was a king of Olenus. According to Callimachus, he was father of Dexamenus.

</doc>
<doc id="20707337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707337" title="Wyndham Hill-Smith">
Wyndham Hill-Smith

Wyndham Hill-Smith OBE (born 16 February 1909, Angaston, South Australia, died 25 October 1990, Angaston) was a cricketer.
The nephew of Australia captain Clem Hill, Hill-Smith was a left-handed batsman. He played eight first-class matches for Western Australia and one for a representative Australian XI.
He made his first-class debut against the touring South Africans at the WACA Ground in 1932. Opening the batting, he made 56 runs before being dismissed by Xen Balaskas.
Following the death of his brother Sidney in the "Kyeema" aircraft crash in 1938, Hill-Smith returned to South Australia to take on the management of the family winery, Yalumba at Angaston.
A grandstand at Cheltenham Park Racecourse is known as the Wyndham Hill Smith Grandstand.
His "Wisden" obituary concluded with the comment, "In later life he became famous for the liberal hospitality which he extended to touring teams at his Yalumba vineyard in South Australia."
In 1980, Hill-Smith was made an Officer in the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to the wine industry and horse racing.

</doc>
<doc id="20707340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707340" title="Fred Kingsbury">
Fred Kingsbury

Frederick John Kingsbury, IV (May 20, 1927 – October 7, 2011) was an American rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Fredericksburg, Virginia and was the son of Frederick John Kingsbury, Jr..
In 1948 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event. He went on to a successful career in sonar technology in New London, Ct. He settled in Guilford,ct and was an avid sailor. He is survived by his wife, two children and two grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20707341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707341" title="Vacuum sewerage">
Vacuum sewerage

A vacuum sewer system uses the differential pressure between atmospheric pressure and a partial vacuum maintained in the piping network and vacuum station collection vessel. This differential pressure allows a central vacuum station to collect the wastewater of several thousand individual homes, depending on terrain and the local situation. Vacuum sewers take advantage of available natural slope in the terrain and are most economical in flat sandy soils with high ground water.
Vacuum sewers were first installed in Europe in 1882 but until the last 30 years it had been relegated to a niche market. The first who has applied the negative pressure drainage (so called vacuum sewerage) was the Dutch engineer Liernur in the second half of the 19th century. It was only used on ships, trains and airplanes for a long time. Technical implementations of vacuum sewerage systems were started after 1959 in Sweden by Joel Liljendahl and afterwards brought onto the market by Electrolux. Nowadays several system suppliers offer a wide range of products for many applications.
Introduction.
Vacuum technology is based on differential air pressure. Rotary vane vacuum pumps generate an operation pressure of -0.4 to -0.6 bar at the vacuum station, which is also the only element of the vacuum sewerage system that must be supplied with electricity. Interface valves that are installed inside the collection chambers work pneumatically. Any sewage flows by means of gravity into each house’s collection sump. After a certain fill level inside this sump is reached, the interface valve will open. The impulse to open the valve is usually transferred by a pneumatically (pneumatic pressure created by fill level) controlled controller unit. No electricity is needed to open or close the valve. The according energy is provided by the vacuum itself. While the valve is open, the resulting differential pressure between atmosphere and vacuum becomes the driving force and transports the wastewater towards the vacuum station. Besides these collection chambers, no other manholes, neither for changes in direction, nor for inspection or connection of branch lines, are necessary. High flow rates keep the system free of any blockages or sedimentation.
Vacuum sewer systems are considered to be free of ex- and infiltration which allows the usage even in water protection areas. For this reason, vacuum sewer lines may even be laid in the same trench as potable water lines (depending on local guidelines). The system supplier should certify his product to be used in that way. To achieve the condition of an infiltration-free system and therefore allowing to reduce the waste water amounts that need to be treated, water tight (PE material or similar) collection chambers should be used. Valve and collection sump (waste water) preferably should be physically separated (different chambers) in order to protect service personal against direct contact with waste water and to ensure longer life cycles (waste water is considered to be corrosive).
In order to ensure reliable transport, the vacuum sewer line is laid in a saw-tooth (length-) profile, which will be referred to more precisely afterwards. The whole vacuum sewers are filled with air at a pressure of -0.4 to -0.6 bar. The most important aspect for a reliable operation is the air-to-liquid ratio. When a system is well designed, the sewers contain only very small amounts of sewage. The air-to-liquid ratio is usually maintained by "intelligent" controller units or valves that adjust their opening times according to the pressure in the system.
Considering that the vacuum idea relies on external energy for the transport of fluids, sewers can be laid in flat terrain and up to certain limits may also be counter-sloped. The saw-tooth profile keeps sewer lines shallow, lifts minimise trench depth (approx. 1.0 – 1.2 m). In this depth, expensive trenching, as it is the case for gravity sewers with the necessity to install continuously falling slopes of at least 0.5 - 1.0%, is avoided. Lifting stations are not required.
Once arrived in the vacuum collection tank at the vacuum station, the wastewater is pumped to the discharge point, which could be a gravity sewer or the treatment station directly. As the dwell time of the watewater inside the system is very short and the wastewater is continuously mixed with air, the sewage is kept fresh and any fouling inside the system is avoided (less H2S).
Limitations.
Application Fields.
Vacuum sewer systems becomes more and more the preferred system in the case of particular circumstances:
Especially difficult situations as ribbon, peripheral settlements on flat terrain with high specific conduit lengths of longer than 4 metres per inhabitant are predestined for the application of vacuum sewerage systems. In the case of sparse population density the influence of the costs for the collection chambers and vacuum stations are less important in comparison to the costs of long and deep sewers on gravity.
Missing incline of the ground, unfavourable soil (rocky or swampy grounds) and high groundwater table (with the necessity of dewatering trenches) lead to enormous investment costs in regards to gravity sewerage systems. On the contrary vacuum sewers that are small in diameter can be laid close to the surface in small trenches.
Vacuum sewers can pass through water protection areas and areas with sensitive high ground water tables, because there is no danger of spoiling groundwater resources (vacuum sewers have a high leak tightness due to their material; moreover the vacuum itself does not allow exfiltration). Vacuum systems has also been applied to collect toxic wastewater. Vacuum systems are seen as a priority in many environmentally sensitive areas such as the Couran Cove Eco Resort close to the Barrier Reef in Australia.
In seasonal settlements (recreation areas, camping sites etc.) with conventional gravity sewer systems, sedimentation problems can easily occur as automatic spooling from the daily waste water does not take place. High flow velocities within vacuum sewers prevent such sedimentation problems. The Formula 1 race tracks in Shanghai and Abu Dhabi are using a vacuum sewer system for that reason.
Even in old narrow and historical villages, the use of vacuum sewer systems becomes more and more important due to a fast (traffic, tourism), cost-effective and flexible installation. Good examples and references can be found in France, such as the village of Flavigny, in Oman at the township of Khasab and Al Seeb.
Lack of water in many countries and drastic water savings measures have led to difficulties with aging gravity networks with solids blocking in the pipes. Neither the lack of water nor solids affect resp. occur in vacuum sewer systems. That's why this technology becomes interesting for such kind of applications. As PE or PVC pipes are used, no solids from ageing pipes will enter the system. All other solid are kept out at the collection chambers. vacuum sewer systems don't have any manholes to dump big solids into the system.
Collection chambers / vacuum valves.
Raw sewage flows by gravity from one or more lots into a sealed collection sump. A vacuum interface valve is installed, which is controlled and operated pneumatically without electricity. When a certain amount of sewage has accumulated the controller opens the valve.
It is important to understand that the valve shall open only, if the low pressure inside the vacuum sewer line is strong enough to ensure reliable transport; otherwise, an alarm is sent to the control center indicating low vacuum. A minimum value of 0.15 bar for the existing low pressure in the adjacent vacuum line.
When the valve opens, between 20 and 40 l (depending on adjustment and valve) portions of effluent are sucked into the sewer line. Air entering via the incoming gravity line or air vent will be sucked into the sewer line due to the pressure difference to push the sewage. The interface valve will close again after a few seconds. The exact time should have an option to be adjusted and must be long enough to make sure that enough air can enter in order to push the sewage efficiently. This depends on the negative pressure conditions: Generally, the volume of air-stream should be lessened as far as possible, so that the pumps do not have to work unnecessarily. On the other hand minimum ratios of air-to-liquid should be guaranteed to have reliable transporting conditions. Usually the systems work with air-liquid ratios of about 4:1 to 15:1.The restricting minimum diameter of the system should prevent the interface valves and the vacuum sewers from clogging. So, the connection from the sump to the interface valve should have a diameter of 75mm so that no blockage point is created. Usually, larger particles do not arrive in the sump, even though it still can occur. Large particles can be easily removed from the sump by an operator if required. But generally anything that can fit down a house service line should be able to enter the vacuum system and then the vacuum pump station without blockage.
Vacuum Lines / Description of Hydropneumatic Transport.
Flow situations in vacuum sewers cannot be simply described with hydraulic laws. Instead of it a two-phases-flow transport has to be considered (e.g. hydropneumatical). Conveyance takes place by means of a two-phase regime, air (compressible) and effluent. Because of this the continuity equation becomes very complicated.
As it was mentioned before, the main characteristic of vacuum sewerage is the necessity to lay the sewers in the form of a distinct saw-tooth or stepped profile. An effective transport of sewage can only be guaranteed, if the hydraulic losses are agreed to by an approved supplier.
Doses of sewage enter the vacuum line from the collection chambers. As sewage arrive at a low point of the sewer line, sewage is collected there, - until valves upstream open and arriving air will increase the pressure gradient again. Air moving at high velocity into the direction of the vacuum station will exert a strong impulse on the developing sewage.
In this way sewage will be shifted with almost the same velocity over the next peak down the line. The transport of sewage will continue along the sewer line as far as the pressure gradient remains.
In a horizontally laid pipe air would stream over water without moving it further.
High flow velocities in the low points of up to 5 m/s avoid any kind of sedimentation, since during the starting movement this kind of flushing effect would take away all hypothetical deposits. Sedimentation problems have never been reported for vacuum sewerage systems.
Prevailing diameters in vacuum sewers are in range of DN 80 and DN 315 (inner diameter).
Usually HDPE or PVC pipes are applied in vacuum systems due to their low costs of installation and flexibility. Vacuum sewers have to be absolutely tight. Therefore, DIN EN 1091 requires a thickness of at least PN 10. Leakages do not appear in vacuum systems due to an absolute tightness of installations (each construction company is easily able to install vacuum pipes).
Vacuum Station.
The vacuum station consists of rotary vane vacuum pumps (generate vacuum in the sewer lines), a collection tank, and duplicated sewage pumps (duty/standby) that discharge sewage away from the collection tanks to a wastewater treatment facility.
The vacuum pumps maintain a negative pressure of between -0.4 and -0.6 bar in the collection tank. When the tank pressure falls under a preset limit, the vacuum pumps will start working to restore the pressure. As such, vacuum pumps run only for a few hours a day and do not need to run continuously. 
Collection tanks are mostly made of steel and not of stainless steel due to the risk of local element chemical corrosion. Vacuum tanks are sized according to flow rates and vacuum suction capacity, with typical volumes ranging from 5 to 12 m3. About 75% of the tank’s volume will be required as a vacuum reservoir. With this vacuum reserve, the vacuum pumps are prevented from too high a starting rate, which is normally limited to 10-15 starts per hour (worst case).
Design.
Planning a vacuum sewerage system seems to be initially a question of design. There is never only one solution at sewer networks in general, but vacuum systems can be designed in many different ways (e.g. connected area, location of the vacuum station, choice of the length profile etc.). A good design needs a perfect overall picture on all the system’s parameters! Some suppliers of vacuum system components help seriously during the design with their assistance. The use of such experienced help is recommendable and preferable.
In the guidelines mentioned above the control of the following parameters is demanded:
The most significant step in designing a vacuum sewerage system is the choice of a good pipe-routing. System boundaries such as maximum trunk length and additional elevations of the pipe length-profile do not have to be surpassed.
As this kind of work requires iterations, design-diagrams have been developed. The maximum trunk length is restricted to 4000 m in absolutely flat terrain. A longer distance can be handled must be done in consultation with a system supplier.
While the norms do not give sufficient information about checking and dimensioning of design parameters, it shall be emphasised, that vacuum sewerage systems could become remarkably larger than the norms show it!
Hints about Operation.
Unjustified prejudices against “new” technologies still prevail. Highly assumed maintenance/operational costs are the main obstacle against further expansion of vacuum sewerage systems on the market. Problems, especially at collection chambers, and frequent system break-downs (drowning) were the birth labour of first vacuum sewerage systems. Nowadays, vacuum systems are reliable when their design is based on special knowledge of professional companies.
A monitoring system is an option to indicate the status of the vacuum valves and collection chambers. 
Vacuum stations should be visited at least once a week to carry out a visual inspection. Experiences have shown that a well-designed vacuum station will not need more than one visible control and short check once a week (similar to a pumping system).
Operating hours and power consumption of the pumps should be checked regularly. Mechanical and electrical maintenance, cleaning of the vacuum tank, briefly a total check of the vacuum station, should at least be done once a year (oil-change and filter change of the vacuum pumps).
Conclusion.
Highly estimated operation costs and fear of malfunction have been the main prejudices and obstacles in the past against an expanded use of vacuum sewers. For an unprejudiced choice of a sewerage concept, it is necessary not to overestimate operational costs of alternative wastewater collection systems. Further, more difficult conditions during construction have to be considered for conventional gravity sewerage! When a vacuum sewerage system is well designed, operational reliability will be guaranteed.
Vacuum sewerage seems to become more and more important as capital costs could be reduced remarkably. Good references from communities seem to show satisfaction. Especially in cases of sparse population density, flat terrain, and high specific costs of pipe-laying, alternative sewerage systems could become much more economic, also in the long run.
It is significant not to overestimate the operation costs of alternative wastewater collection systems, in comparison with the costs of a conventional gravity system (which constitutes work under more difficult conditions). When a vacuum sewerage system is duly designed and built, its operational reliability is guaranteed.
As engineers and municipal officials become acquainted with the advantages of vacuum sewers, the use of this technology will probably expand more and more worldwide.
It is hoped that the use of alternative sewerage concepts will allow designers and regulators to find ways of keeping project costs at a minimum.
Frequently, a combination of different alternative systems together as well as conventional sections will become the most feasible and the most reliable solution for the collection of wastewater.
External links.
European Vacuum Drainage Systems Ltd (UK Based) - www.evds.org.uk. 
Roediger Vacuum www.roevac.de

</doc>
<doc id="20707347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707347" title="Vibrion">
Vibrion

Vibrion is an antiquated term for microorganisms, especially a pathogenic ones; see Germ theory of disease. The term may specifically refer to motile microorganisms.
Sources.
http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/vibrions

</doc>
<doc id="20707354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707354" title="Stu Griffing">
Stu Griffing

Stuart "Stu" Lane Griffing (born November 9, 1926) is an American rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut. In 1948 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20707356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707356" title="Cortober">
Cortober

Cortober (). Cortober is a townland in the counties of Roscommon and Leitrim Carrick-on-Shannon and is divided between the River Shannon. At the north-eastern extremity of the Parish. Bounded on the north by the Parish of Tumna and River Shannon, on the east by the River Shannon, on the south by the townland of Cordrehead and Killukin and on the west by Mullaghmore.
Hollywell House.
A St. George Estate Rental map shows for 1768 shows that the Hollywell House was then occupied by small cabins that surrounded the original 1623 fort of Liberty Hill, owned by Harris, Jones and King Families. Another Rental of Charles Manners St. George Estate, dated 1842, gives a list of some early residents of Cortober townland, including Andersons, Armstrongs, Backhouses and Bournes. These St.George Rentals confirms that Cortober was an integral part of the family land holdings.
The Rosary High School.
In 1942 Ireland was emerging as a new nation. The country had experienced the Civil War, the Econimc War, and Europe was being ravaged by the Second World War slowly an infant education system was finding its feet. Here and there were schools founded and managed by people who were imbued with that pioneering spirit and generosity of mind which is so much part of the educator. At scholastically brilliant. Outside the larger towns like Sligo and Longford there was no Secondary School available to the Carrick-on-Shannon area. Kathleen Lynch felt that there was a need for the establishment of a Secondary School to cater boys of neighbouring districts of North Roscommon and South Leitrim. On 8 September 1942 Kathleen Lynch, she was Mary Kathleen Mulhern of Drumlumman, opened the Rosary High School for boys at Cortober, on the Roscommon side of the Bridge as well as South Leitrim. The opening was performed by the Bishop of Elphin Most Rev. Dr. Edward Doorly.

</doc>
<doc id="20707357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707357" title="EZFW">
EZFW

EZFW or Estimate Zero Fuel Weight is the anticipated weight of the aircraft including all crew and cargo, but without fuel. The figure is used in the calculation of the flight plan and to determine possible weight problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20707363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707363" title="Philmore Davidson">
Philmore Davidson

Philmore Gordon "Boots" Davidson (1928 in Port-of-Spain, Trinidad – 1993) was an arranger and musician of the steelpan.
Person.
Philmore Davidson was one of the leader figures of the Casablanca Steel Orchestra, one of the oldest steel bands of Trinidad. He was a member of the Trinidad All Steel Percussion Orchestra (TASPO) and visited England in 1951. In 1956, Davidson left Trinidad to live in London.
Davidson is buried in Kensal Green Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20707364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707364" title="Greg Gates">
Greg Gates

Gregory "Greg" Crozier Gates (born April 28, 1926) is an American rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Montclair, New Jersey.
In 1948 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20707370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707370" title="Rudolf Reichling">
Rudolf Reichling

Rudolf Reichling (born September 23, 1924) is a Swiss politician and President of the Swiss National Council (1987/1988). 
As a rower, Reichling competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was a crew member of the Swiss boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.
His father Rudolf Reichling (1890-1977) had presided the National Council in 1936/1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20707377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707377" title="Erich Schriever">
Erich Schriever

Erich Schriever (born August 6, 1924,) is a Swiss rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
In 1948 he was a crew member of the Swiss boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20707382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707382" title="Croghan, County Roscommon">
Croghan, County Roscommon

Croghan (), is a townland in the County Roscommon, Ireland.
Famous People Associated With The Area
St Remix of Croghan

</doc>
<doc id="20707391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707391" title="Peasant Movement Institute Station">
Peasant Movement Institute Station

Peasant Movement Institute Station () is a station of Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 June 1997. It is located at the underground of the junction of Zhongshan 4th Road () and Dezheng Road () in Yuexiu District. Its name is from nearby the former site of Guangzhou Peasant Movement Institute (), an institute established by Chinese Communist to train youngsters for the peasants' revolutionary movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20707394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20707394" title="Percival Hill">
Percival Hill

Percival Hill (born 4 July 1868, Kent Town, Adelaide, South Australia, died 24 July 1950, Adelaide) was a cricketer.
The brother of Australia captain Clem, Percival Hill was a right-handed batsman. He played one first-class match for South Australia, making just 2 runs in his only innings.

</doc>
