<doc id="20561964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561964" title="Foreign relations of South Africa during apartheid">
Foreign relations of South Africa during apartheid

South Africa introduced "apartheid" in 1948, as a systematic extension of pre-existing racial discrimination in the country. As a result, the country became increasingly isolated internationally until apartheid was ended and racial equality introduced in 1993.
Initial relations.
In the after-effects of World War II, the Western world quickly switched from ideas of racial dominance and policies based on racial prejudice. Racially discriminative and segregationist principles were not novelties in South Africa. From unification in 1910, the state had been run by the white minority and pursued segregation. Apartheid was a certified, lawful and inflexible type of separation that was methodically entrenched from 1948 through a battery of legislation. As it was not completely new to the country, and because many Western countries still exercised their own forms of prejudice in their assorted colonies, there was minimal rejoinder and indignation. The conclusion of the Second World War signified the commencement of the Cold War, and South Africa, with its anti-communist stance, was considered a possible assistant in the passive battle against the Soviet Union.
The world did not, however, condone South Africa's discriminatory policies. At the first UN gathering in 1946, South Africa was placed on the program. The primary subject in question was the handling of South African Indians, a great cause of divergence between South Africa and India. In 1952, apartheid was thrashed out again in the aftermath of the Defiance Campaign. The UN set up a task team to keep watch on the progress of apartheid and the racial state of affairs in South Africa. Although racial variance in South Africa was a cause for concern, most countries in the UN concurred that this was one of South Africa's in-house issues, which fell outside the UN's jurisdiction. The UN only became resolute in challenging South Africa afterwards
South-West Africa.
Separate from the issue of apartheid was a major quarrel between the UN and South Africa about the management of South West Africa. After World War I, all German colonies were made mandates of the League of Nations, the UN's forbearer. Direction of these mandates was allotted to certain countries. The Treaty of Versailles declared German West Africa a League of Nations Mandate under South African administration, and it then became known as South West Africa.
Walvis Bay was annexed by Britain in 1878 and incorporated into the Cape Colony in 1884. It thus became part of the Union of South Africa in 1910. In 1915 the Union occupied German South West Africa at the request of the Allied powers. South Africa was granted a "C" Class mandate by the League of Nations to administer SWA as an integral part of South Africa. The South African government transferred administration of Walvis Bay to SWA in 1922 and then transferred it back to the Cape Province again in 1977. After the configuration of the UN in 1945, and the transferral of mandates from the League of Nations to the new body, the arrangement changed: former obligatory powers (vis-à-vis those in charge of ex-German colonies) were now obliged to form new concurrences with the UN over their management of the mandates. South Africa, however, refused to play ball, declining to allow the territory to move towards independence. The NP government argued that, for a quarter of a century, South-West Africa had been directed as a piece of South Africa, and the preponderance of South-West Africans wanted to become South Africans anyway. Instead, South-West Africa was treated as a "de facto" "fifth province" of the Union. The South African government turned this mandate arrangement into a military occupation, and extended apartheid to South-West Africa.
The UN attempted to compel South Africa to let go of the mandate, and, in 1960, Liberia and Ethiopia requested that the International Court of Justice announce that South Africa's management of South West Africa was illegitimate. They argued that South Africa was bringing apartheid to South-West Africa, too. South Africa was formally accused of maladministration, and the lawsuit, commencing in November 1960, lasted almost six years. The International Court's verdict astonished the UN: it ruled that Liberia and Ethiopia had no right to take issue with South Africa's deeds in South-West Africa. The Court did not, however, pass judgement on whether or not South Africa still had a mandate over the region. The UN declared that the mandate was indeed concluded, and a council of the UN was to run the state until its independence in 1968. South Africa rebuffed the resolution, but declared its ostensible intention to ready South-West Africa for independence.
Anxiety increased when the UN Council for South-West Africa was declined admission, and steepened still further when South Africa indicted 35 South-West Africans and then found them guilty of terror campaigns. The UN reproached South Africa and declared that South-West Africa would thenceforth be known as Namibia. At the New York Accords in 1988, South Africa finally signed the agreement that granted the country its independence.
The UN allowed the South African government back in 1994, however the South African government had to first show that they had undertaken certain measures to get rid of the racial judgement. Soon after the South African government created the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which was supposed to aid the transition from Apartheid to Democracy.
Sharpeville and the severing of British ties.
South Africa's policies were subject to international scrutiny in 1960, when British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan criticised them during his celebrated Wind of Change speech in Cape Town. Weeks later, tensions came to a head in the Sharpeville Massacre, resulting in more international condemnation. Soon thereafter, Verwoerd announced a referendum on whether the country should sever links with the British monarchy and become a republic instead. Verwoerd lowered the voting age for whites to eighteen and included whites in South West Africa on the voter's roll. The referendum on 5 October that year asked whites, "Do you support a republic for the Union?", and 52 per cent voted "Yes".
As a consequence of this change of status, South Africa needed to reapply for continued membership of the Commonwealth, with which it had privileged trade links. Even though India became a republic within the Commonwealth in 1950 it became clear that African and Asian member states would oppose South Africa due to its apartheid policies. As a result, South Africa withdrew from the Commonwealth on 31 May 1961, the day that the Republic came into existence.
In 1960, the UN's conservative stance on apartheid changed. The Sharpeville massacre had jolted the global neighbourhood, with the apartheid regime showing that it would use violent behaviour to repress opposition to racial inequity. Many Western states began to see apartheid as a possible danger to global harmony, as the policy caused much intercontinental abrasion over human-rights violation.
In April 1960, the Security Council of the UN settled for the first time on concerted action against the apartheid regime, demanding that the NP bring an end to racial separation and discrimination; but, instead, the South African administration merely employed further suppressive instruments. The ANC and PAC were forbidden from continued existence, and political assemblies were prohibited. From then on, the UN placed the South African issue high on its list of priorities.
In 1961, UN Secretary-General Dag Hammarskjöld stopped over in South Africa and subsequently stated that he had been powerless to effect a concurrence Prime Minister Verwoerd. That same year, Verwoerd proclaimed South Africa's extraction from the Commonwealth as a result of its censure of his government.
Sanctions.
On 6 November 1962, the United Nations General Assembly passed Resolution 1761, condemning South African apartheid policies. On 7 August 1963 the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 181 calling for a voluntary arms embargo against South Africa, and that very year, a Special Committee Against Apartheid was established to encourage and oversee plans of action against the regime.
In 1966, the United Nations held the first (of many) colloquiums on apartheid. The General Assembly announced 21 March as the International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, in memory of the Sharpeville bloodbath. In 1971, the UN General Assembly formally denounced the institution of homelands, and a motion was passed in 1974 to eject South Africa from the UN, but this was discarded by France, Britain and the United States of America, all of them key trade associates of South Africa.
One probable type of action against South Africa was economic sanction. If UN affiliates broke fiscal and trading links with the country, it would make it all the trickier for the apartheid government to uphold itself and its policies. Such sanctions were argued frequently within the UN, and many recognised and backed it as an effectual and non-violent way of applying force, but South Africa's major trading partners once more voted against mandatory sanctions. In 1962, the UN General Assembly requested that its members split political, fiscal and transportation connections with South Africa. In 1968, it suggested the deferral of all cultural, didactic and sporting commerce as well. From 1964, the US and Britain discontinued their dealings of armaments to South Africa. In spite of the many cries for sanctions, however, none were made obligatory, because South Africa's main trading partners were again primarily concerned for their own financial security.
In 1977, the voluntary UN arms embargo became mandatory with the passing of United Nations Security Council Resolution 418.
Aid to apartheid casualties.
Another way in which the UN could do something to combat apartheid was to lend support and aid to its victims. In 1963, the General Assembly passed a decree requesting that members contribute financially towards assisting apartheid sufferers. Many states took note of the call and carried out the necessary action.
Lusaka Manifesto.
The Organisation for African Unity (OAU) was created in 1963. Its primary objectives were to eradicate colonialism and improve social, political and economic situations in Africa. It censured apartheid and demanded sanctions against South Africa. African states swore to aid the freedom movements in their fights against apartheid. In April 1969, fourteen autonomous nations from Central and East Africa gathered in Lusaka, Zambia, to argue about various African matters. The assembly formulated the 'Lusaka Manifesto', which was signed on 13 April by all of the countries in attendance, except for Malawi. This manifesto was later taken on by both the OAU and the United Nations.
The Lusaka Manifesto summarised the political situations of self-governing African countries, snubbing racism and inequity, and calling for black majority rule in all African nations. It did not rebuff South Africa entirely, though, adopting an appeasing manner towards the apartheid government, and even recognising its autonomy. Although African principals desired the emancipation of black South Africans, they trusted in their abilities to attain this in peaceable ways, intercession instead of militancy. The manifesto's signatories did not want to engage in a military war by supporting the liberation pugilists, because, for one thing, they could ill afford it and, for another, they dreaded retaliation.
Morogoro Conference.
Neither the ANC nor the PAC was content with the Lusaka Manifesto. The signatories had not checked with them before laying out the document, and they foresaw the fact that African backing for the struggle would taper. The Manifesto did not truly recognise the significance of the liberation groups in the answer to South Africa's problems and even proposed dissuading them from an armed struggle. Both the ANC and the PAC had started using violent means in the 1960s, with the formation of their military wings.
Disinclined to destroy the support that they did have, however, the ANC and PAC did not explicitly condemn the Manifesto. In 1969, though, the ANC held the inaugural National Consultative Conference in Morogoro, Tanzania, where it ironed out its troubles and anxieties. The result was a decision not to end the armed struggle but, rather, to advance it. Oliver Tambo summed up thus: "Close Ranks! This is the order to our people, our youth, the army, to each Umkhonto we Sizwe militant, to all our many supporters the world over. This is the order to our leaders, to all of us. The order that comes from this conference is 'Close Ranks and Intensify the Armed Struggle!'"
Unlike the independence factions, the South African administration hailed the Lusaka Manifesto's plans for arbitration and détente. This tied in nicely with Prime Minister Vorster's own plan for the reduction of South Africa's seclusion from the rest of the world. He called his "Outward looking" policy. The state also maintained that the preservation of separate development through homelands carried out the Manifesto's insistence on human equality and dignity. The homelands, it argued, were meant eventually to be self-governing, decolonised nations where black people could take part in ballots and be free to live how they wished.
That is not to say that the NP government "agreed" to the Lusaka Manifesto, however. It rejected the manifesto's backing of liberation movements, although the movements themselves felt the Manifesto was showing a "lack" of support.
Mogadishu Declaration.
South Africa's negative response to the Lusaka Manifesto and rejection of a change to her policies brought about another OAU announcement in 1971. The Mogadishu Declaration declared that South Africa's rebuffing of negotiations meant that her black people could only be freed through fighting, and that no African state should converse with the apartheid government. Henceforth, it would be up to South Africa to keep contact with other African states.
Outward-Looking Policy.
In 1966, BJ Vorster was made South African Prime Minister. He was not about to eliminate apartheid, but he did try to redress South Africa's seclusion and the purported larger mentality. He wanted to perk up the country's global reputation and overseas dealings, even those with black-ruled nations in Africa. This he called his "Outward-Looking" policy: South Africa would look outwards, towards the global neighbourhood, rather than adopting a siege mentality and estranging it. The buzzwords for his strategy were "dialogue" and "détente", signifying arbitration and reduction of pressure.
Effect of the Soweto Uprising.
Following the Soweto Uprising in 1976 and its brutal suppression by the apartheid regime, the arms embargo was made mandatory by the UN Security Council on 4 November 1977 and South Africa became increasingly isolated internationally, with tough economic sanctions weighing heavily. Not all countries imposed or fully supported the sanctions, however; instead, they continued to benefit from trade with apartheid South Africa. During the 1980s, though, the number of countries opposing South Africa increased, and the economy came under tremendous strain.
Other African states.
Vorster's attitude towards other African countries was not so much a modification of strategy as a continuance of Verwoerd's approach. Vorster's forerunner had already become aware of the fact that cordial dealings with as many black states as possible was of paramount importance. As more and more African states acquired statehood from their colonial rulers, bitterness towards the South African apartheid system increased. If South Africa did not wish to become completely cut off from the rest of the African continent, she had to sustain associations with it, starting, of course, with mutual economic support. Vorster persisted with this strategy and built good relationships with a number of independent African states.
In 1967, Vorster proffered technological and fiscal counsel gratis to any African state prepared to receive it, asserting that absolutely no political strings were attached. He gave great attention to financial facets, aware of the fact that many African states were very run-down and would require financial aid in spite of their rebuffing of South Africa's racial principles. Malawi and Lesotho were the first countries to enter discussions with the NP government. Angola and Mozambique soon followed.
One of the first steps to take in initiating dealings was to convene with the heads of these African countries. Here Vorster worked decidedly contrary to Verwoerd's policies. Where Verwoerd had declined to get together and engage in dialogue with such leaders as Abubakar Tafawa Balewa of Nigeria in 1962 and Kenneth Kaunda of Zambia in 1964, Vorster, in 1966, met with the heads of the states of Lesotho, Swaziland and Botswana. There was still mutual suspicion, however, particularly after Vorster's denunciation of the Lusaka Manifesto in 1969. Botswana, Lesotho and Swaziland stayed candid critics of apartheid, but they hinged on South Africa's economic aid. This was inclusive of pecuniary credit and the fact that many natives from these states worked the South African mines.
Malawi was the first country not on South African borders to accept South African aid. She identified the monetary benefits of such a deal, for there were also many Malawians working in South African mines. In 1967, the two states delineated their political and economic relations, and, in 1969, Malawi became the only country at the assembly which did not sign the Lusaka Manifesto. In 1970, Malawian President Hastings Banda made his first and most successful official stopover in South Africa.
Associations with Mozambique followed suit and were sustained after that country won its sovereignty in 1975. Angola was also granted South African loans. Other countries which formed relationships with South Africa were Liberia, Côte d'Ivoire, Madagascar, Mauritius, Gabon, Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo), Ghana and the Central African Republic. These African states criticised apartheid (more than ever after South Africa's denunciation of the Lusaka Manifesto), but fiscal reliance on South Africa, together with fear of her armed potency, resulted in their forming the aforementioned ties.
Western ties.
The "Outward Looking" principle had a significant consequence for South Africa's relationships with Western nations. When Vorster brought forth his strategy, it appeared to them that South Africa might be loosening her racist grip. At the same time, the West regarded the apartheid administration as a significant friend in the Cold War. Economically, such nations as Britain and America had numerous concerns in South Africa, and, although they did not endorse apartheid, these concerns led them to a more moderate stance on the country and to vote against financial sanctions against her at UN conferences.
Britain.
When South Africa pulled out of the Commonwealth in 1961, some members sought to enforce monetary sanctions and forbid the sale of armaments to her. Other members, most notably Britain, resisted this. It had many key trade links and, in particular, needed South Africa's gold.
There were also strategic motives for not severing all ties with the apartheid government. As the southernmost nation in Africa, and the juncture of the Indian and Atlantic Oceans, South Africa was still a vital point in sea-trade routes. In 1969, the Commandant General of the South African Defence Force (SADF) confirmed that, "n the entire ocean expanse from Australia to South America, South Africa is the only fixed point offering modern naval bases, harbours and airfield facilities, a modern developed industry and stable government." South Africa was also a pivotal partner to the West in the years of the Cold War. If the West ever required martial, maritime or air-force services on the African continent, it would have to rely on South Africa's assistance.
From 1960 to 1961, the relationship between South Africa and Britain started to change. In his "Wind of Change" speech in Cape Town, Harold Macmillan spoke of the changes in Africa and how South Africa's racist policies were swimming upstream. Even as more countries added to the call for sanctions, Britain remained unwilling to sever her ties with the apartheid administration. Possible reasons were her copious assets in the state, an unwillingness to hazard turbulence brought on by intercontinental meddling, and the fact that many British people had kith and kin living in South Africa or, indeed, were living there themselves. Along with America, Britain would persistently vote against certain sanctions against South Africa.
South Africa rejoined the Commonwealth in 1994.
USA.
At the outset of apartheid, the United States avoided serious criticism of South Africa's racial policies in part because several U.S. states had similar policies under the Jim Crow laws. Following the 1960 Sharpeville massacre, however, the country voted at the UN conference against it. The US impressed a severe armament embargo on South Africa from 1964, and, from 1967, the United States Navy avoided South African harbours. Unlike Britain, the USA did not see much importance in the Cape route, but they did see the economic opportunities for South African investment. Imports and exports between the two states came to many millions of dollars. Financial ties aside, there were also numerous cultural links between South Africa and America. South Africans of all creeds were given the chance to study in America with scholarships. The US even utilised South Africa for her exploration of outer space, setting up a satellite tracking post near Krugersdorp, and building numerous telescopes for lunar probes. This picked up ailing ties between the two countries, but, in the 1970s, America withdrew from the tracking station.
Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger had adopted a policy known as the Tar Baby Option, according to which the US ought to maintain close relations with the white rulers in South Africa. Ronald Reagan continued to support links with South Africa, describing the ANC as "a terrorist organisation", but congressional pressure forced increased distance between the two governments.
As fiscal ties between South Africa, America and Britain were reinforced, however, sporting and cultural boycotts became important gadgets in South Africa's isolation from international society. The arms prohibition obliged South Africa to look elsewhere (particularly France) for its artillery, build up its own technology and manufacture weapons itself. At first, the Cold War had little influence on the connection between the West and South Africa: America believed that the armament embargo would not put up a barrier between them. If a major quarrel broke out in Africa, South Africa would be forced to work with America anyway.
Israel.
Relations between Israel and the Union of South Africa were established as early as 1948, the Nationalist Prime Minister Daniel François Malan paying a visit to Israel and ignoring the clearly antisemitic profile his own party earned during the 1930s and by its opposition to joining in the Anti-Hitlerite coalition in World War II. In the 1950s and 1960s, Israel established intensive cooperation with newly independent Sub-Saharan states, and took a critical stance on apartheid. In 1963, Israel imposed an arms embargo in compliance with United Nations Security Council Resolution 181, and recalled its ambassador. During this period, Israel contributed an annual $7,000,000 in medical, agricultural, and other aid to Sub-Saharan states. In 1971, Israel offered $2,850 in aid to the Organization of African Unity. The aid was rejected, but the offer caused tension between South African Jews and their government. 
After the 1967 Six-Day War, however, and particularly in the 1970s when other African states broke relations with Israel in the aftermath of the Yom Kippur War, Israel largely cut off humanitarian aid to sub-saharan Africa and became Pretoria's strategic partner, establishing strong economic and military relations with the 1975 Israel–South Africa Agreement, which included alleged nuclear collaboration.
Isolation.
While some countries and organisations, like the Swiss-South African Association, supported the Apartheid government, most of the international community isolated South Africa. One of the primary means for the international community to show its aversion to apartheid was to boycott South Africa in a variety of spheres of multinational life. Economic and military sanctions were among these, but cultural and sporting boycotts also found their way in. South Africa, in this way, was cut off from the rest of the globe. It also awakened the South African community to the opinions of other countries. Despite financial shunning causing significant harm to black South Africans, the ANC proclaimed it as an essential means of achieving liberty. Cultural and sporting boycotts, on the other hand, did not have a negative effect on the lives of blacks, as they were already barred from these by their own government. 
Sporting seclusion commenced in the mid-1950s and increased through the 1960s. Apartheid forbade multiracial sport, which meant that overseas teams, by virtue of their having players of diverse races, could not play in South Africa. In 1956, the International Table Tennis Federation severed its ties with the all-white South African Table Tennis Union, preferring the non-racial South African Table Tennis Board in its stead. The apartheid government came back by confiscating the passports of the Board's players so that they were unable to attend international games. Other global sports unions followed the example, but they were sluggish in doing so.
In 1959, the non-racial South African Sports Association (SASA) was shaped to secure the rights of all players on the global field. After meeting with no success in its endeavours to attain credit by collaborating with white establishments, SASA went to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in 1962, calling for South Africa's eviction from the Olympic Games. The IOC sent South Africa a caution to the effect that, if there were no changes, it would be barred from the 1964 games. The changes were initiated, and in January 1963, the South African Non-Racial Olympic Committee (SANROC) was set up. The Anti-Apartheid Movement persisted in its campaign for South Africa's exclusion, and the IOC acceded in barring the country from the 1964 Games in Tokyo. South Africa selected a multi-racial side for the next Games, and the IOC opted to incorporate her in the 1968 Games in Mexico. Because of protests from AAMs and African nations, however, the IOC was forced to retract the invitation, along with one for Rhodesia.
Foreign complaints about South Africa's bigoted sports brought more isolation. In 1960, Verwoerd barred a Māori rugby player from touring South Africa with the All Blacks, and the tour was cancelled. New Zealand made a decision not to convey an authorised rugby team to South Africa again.
B. J. Vorster took Verwoerd's place as PM in 1966 and declared that South Africa would no longer dictate to other countries what their teams should look like. Although this reopened the gate for sporting meets, it did not signal the end of South Africa's racist sporting policies. In 1968, Vorster went against his policy by refusing to permit Basil D'Oliveira, a Coloured South African-born cricketer, to join the English cricket team on its tour to South Africa. Vorster said that the side had been chosen only to prove a point, and not on merit. After protests, however, "Dolly" was eventually included in the team. Protests against certain tours brought about the cancellation of a number of other visits, like that of an England rugby team in 1969/70.
As sporting segregation persisted, it became obvious that South Africa would have to make further changes to its sporting policies if it was to be recognised on the international stage. More and more careers were impinged upon by segregation, and they began to stand up against apartheid. In 1971, Vorster altered his policies even further by distinguishing multiracial from multinational sport. Multiracial sport, between teams with players of different races, remained outlawed; multinational sport, however, was now acceptable: international sides would not be subject to South Africa's racial stipulations.
International censure of segregated sport and calls for sporting sanctions persisted. The UN would continue to hold them against South Africa until the end of apartheid. These measures did not bring an end to international sport for South African teams, but they added very much to the country's seclusion. The bans were revoked in 1993, when conciliations for a democratic South Africa were well under way.
In the 1960s, the Anti-Apartheid Movement world-wide began to campaign for "cultural" boycotts of apartheid South Africa. Artists were requested not to present or let their works be hosted in South Africa. In 1963, 45 British writers put their signatures to an affirmation approving of the boycott, and, in 1964, American actor Marlon Brando called for a similar affirmation for films. In 1965, the Writers' Guild of Great Britain called for a proscription on the sending of films to South Africa. Over sixty American artists signed a statement against apartheid and against professional links with the state. The presentation of some South African plays in Britain and America was also vetoed. After the arrival of television in South Africa in 1975, the British Actors Union, "Equity", boycotted the service, and no British program concerning its associates could be sold to South Africa. Sporting and cultural boycotts did not have the same impact as economic sanctions, but they did much to lift consciousness amongst normal South Africans of the global condemnation of apartheid.
These facets of social remoteness from the worldwide hamlet made apartheid a discomfiture and were most trying for sports and culture fans. These boycotts effectively egged on little changes to apartheid policy, and corroded white South Africans' dedication to it.
Numerous conferences were held and the United Nations passed resolutions condemning South Africa, including the World Conference Against Racism in 1978 and 1983. A significant divestment movement started, pressuring investors to refuse to invest in South African companies or companies that did business with South Africa. South African sports teams were barred from participation in international events, and South African culture and tourism were boycotted.
Countries such as Zambia, Tanzania and the Soviet Union provided military support for the ANC and PAC. It was more difficult, though, for neighbouring states such as Botswana, Lesotho and Swaziland, because they were economically dependent on South Africa. Still, they did feed the struggle underground.
Ordinary people in foreign countries did much in protest against the apartheid government, too. The British Anti-Apartheid Movement was one of these, organising boycotts against South African sports teams, South African products such as wine and fruit, and British companies that dared trade with or in South Africa. Other organisations were formed to prevent musicians and the like from coming into the country, and others raised funds for the ANC and PAC.
After much debate, by the late 1980s the United States, the United Kingdom, and 23 other nations had passed laws placing various trade sanctions on South Africa. A divestment movement in many countries was similarly widespread, with individual cities and provinces around the world implementing various laws and local regulations forbidding registered corporations under their jurisdiction from doing business with South African firms, factories, or banks.
In an analysis of the effect of sanctions on South Africa by the FW de Klerk Foundation, it was argued that they were not a leading contributor to the political reforms leading to the end of Apartheid. The analysis concluded that in many instances sanctions undermined effective reform forces, such as the changing economic and social order within South Africa. Furthermore, it was argued that forces encouraging economic growth and development resulted in a more international and liberal outlook amongst South Africans, and were far more powerful agents of reform than sanctions.
Western influence in apartheid.
While international opposition to apartheid grew, the Nordic countries in particular provided both moral and financial support for the ANC. On 21 February 1986– a week before he was murdered– Sweden's prime minister Olof Palme made the keynote address to the "Swedish People's Parliament Against Apartheid" held in Stockholm. In addressing the hundreds of anti-apartheid sympathizers as well as leaders and officials from the ANC and the Anti-Apartheid Movement such as Oliver Tambo, Palme declared:
Other Western countries adopted a more ambivalent position. In the 1980s, both the Reagan and Thatcher administrations in the USA and UK followed a 'constructive engagement' policy with the apartheid government, vetoing the imposition of UN economic sanctions on South Africa, as they both fiercely believed in free trade and saw South Africa as a bastion against Marxist forces in Southern Africa. Thatcher declared the ANC a terrorist organisation, and in 1987 her spokesman, Bernard Ingham, famously said that anyone who believed that the ANC would ever form the government of South Africa was "living in cloud cuckoo land".
By the late 1980s, however, with the tide of the Cold War turning and no sign of a political resolution in South Africa, Western patience with the apartheid government began to run out. By 1989, a bipartisan Republican/Democratic initiative in the US favoured economic sanctions (realised as the "Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act"), the release of Nelson Mandela and a negotiated settlement involving the ANC. Thatcher too began to take a similar line, but insisted on the suspension of the ANC's armed struggle.
Some might argue that Britain's significant economic involvement in South Africa provided some leverage with the South Africa government, with both the UK and the US applying pressure on the government, and pushing for negotiations. However, neither Britain nor the US were willing to apply economic pressure upon their multinational interests in South Africa, but this was limited. Despite its name the dominant mining company, Anglo American, was a wholly South African-owned concern. A high-profile case claiming compensation from these companies was thrown out of court in 2004.
Border War.
By 1966, SWAPO launched guerilla raids from neighbouring countries against South Africa's occupation of South-West Africa/Namibia. Initially South Africa fought a counter-insurgency war against SWAPO. But this conflict deepened after Angola gained its independence in 1975 under Communist leadership, the MPLA, and South Africa promptly challenged them, allying with the Angolan rival party, UNITA. By the end of the 1970s, Cuba had joined the fray, in one of several late Cold War flashpoints throughout Southern Africa. This developed into a conventional war between South Africa and UNITA on one side against the Angolan government, the Cubans, the Soviets and SWAPO on the other side.
Total onslaught.
By 1980, as international opinion turned decisively against the apartheid regime, the government and much of the white population increasingly looked upon the country as a bastion besieged by communism and radical black nationalists. Considerable effort was put into circumventing sanctions, and the government even went so far as to develop nuclear weapons, allegedly with the help of Israel. South Africa is the only country to date to have developed and voluntarily relinquished a nuclear arsenal.
Negotiating majority rule with the ANC was not considered an option (at least publicly), and it left the government to defend the country against external and internal threats through sheer military might. A siege mentality developed among whites, and, although many believed that a civil war against the black majority could not possibly be won, they preferred this to "giving in" to political reform. Brutal police and military actions seemed entirely justifiable. Paradoxically, the international sanctions that cut whites off from the rest of the world enabled black leaders to develop sophisticated political skills as those in exile forged ties with both regional and world leaders.
P. W. Botha initiated a policy of "Total Onslaught, Total Strategy", whereby reform was mixed with repression. With big businesses (affected by apartheid policies) ardently desirous of change, the government established two important commissions of enquiry. The Riekert Commission concluded that blacks ought to be allowed to buy their own homes in urban areas, while the Wiehahn Commission dictated that black trade unions be given more freedom, more money be spent on black education and some apartheid legislation be abolished. 
The Prohibition of Mixed Marriages Act was repealed, while the pass laws and employment colour bar were relaxed. Fewer people were arrested for offences pertaining to the latter as segregation in everyday life was gradually lessened. The government also gave so-called "independence" to a number of the homelands, but this seems to have been in part due to the fact that, as foreign citizens, their people could no longer expect anything from the South African government. Indeed, none of these reforms lessened the power of the white minority.
The term "front-line states" referred to countries in Southern Africa geographically near South Africa. Although these front-line states were all opposed to apartheid, many were economically dependent on South Africa. In 1980, they formed the Southern African Development Coordination Conference (SADCC), the aim of which was to promote economic development in the region and hence reduce dependence on South Africa. Furthermore, many SADCC members also allowed the exiled ANC and PAC to establish bases in their countries.
Other African countries also contributed to the fall of apartheid. In 1978, Nigeria boycotted the Commonwealth Games because New Zealand's sporting contacts with the South African government were not considered to be in accordance with the 1977 Gleneagles Agreement. Nigeria also led the 32-nation boycott of the 1986 Commonwealth Games because of British prime minister Margaret Thatcher's ambivalent attitude towards sporting links with South Africa, significantly affecting the quality and profitability of the Games and thus thrusting apartheid into the international spotlight.
A number of African countries contributed to the ANC's guerilla-insurgency campaign within South Africa.
Cross-border raids.
South Africa had a policy to attack terrorist bases in neighbouring countries. These attacks were mainly aimed at ANC, PAC and SWAPO guerrilla-bases and safe houses in retaliation for acts of terror – like bomb explosions, massacres and guerrilla actions (like sabotage) by ANC, PAC and Swapo guerrillas in South Africa and Namibia. The country also aided organisations in surrounding countries who were actively combatting the spread of communism in Southern Africa. The results of these policies included:
In 1984, Mozambican president Samora Machel signed the Nkomati Accord with South Africa's president P.W. Botha, in an attempt to rebuild Mozambique's economy. South Africa agreed to cease supporting anti-government forces, while the MK was prohibited from operating in Mozambique. This was an awful setback for the ANC.
In 1986 President Machel himself was killed in an air crash in mountainous terrain near the South African border after returning from a meeting in Zambia. South Africa was accused of continuing its aid to RENAMO and having caused the crash using a new advanced electronic beacon capable of luring aircraft into crashing. This was never proven and is still a subject of great controversy. The South African Margo Commission found that the crash was an accident while a Soviet delegation issued a minority report implicating South Africa.
End of Apartheid.
In 1990, as part of the reformist policies undertaken by president F.W. de Klerk in South Africa, Namibia was granted independence, with the exception of the enclave of Walvis Bay, which was reintegrated into Namibia in March 1994. After South Africa held its first multiracial election in April 1994, most sanctions imposed by the international community in opposition to the system of apartheid were lifted. On 1 June 1994, South Africa rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations, and on 23 June 1994, it was readmitted to the UN General Assembly. South Africa also joined the Organization of African Unity (OAU), now known as the African Union; the change from the OAU to the Union was initiated by South African President Thabo Mbeki in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20561972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20561972" title="Dentalium (genus)">
Dentalium (genus)

Dentalium is a large genus of tooth shells or tusk shells, marine scaphopod molluscs in the family Dentaliidae. The genus contains 50 described species.
Etymology.
The scientific name of this genus comes from the Latin word "dentis", meaning "tooth", based on the tooth or tusk-shaped form of these molluscs.
Description.
The mantle of "Dentalium" species is entirely within the shell. The foot extends from the larger end of the shell, and is used to burrow through the substrate. They position their head down in the substrate, with the apical end of the shell (at the rear of the animal's body) projecting up into the water. These molluscs live on seafloor sediment, feeding on microscopic organisms, detritus and foraminiferans.
The shells are conical and curved in a planispiral way, and they are usually whitish in color. Because of these characteristics, the shell somewhat resembles a miniature elephant's tusk. They are hollow and open at both ends; the opening at the larger end is the main or anterior aperture of the shell. The smaller opening is known as the apical aperture. 
Human use.
Native Americans.
The shells of "Dentalium neohexagonum" are known to have been used by the Chumash people at least as early as circa 1000 AD, in the Morro Bay area.
18th-century European use.
In pre-modern medicine, these shells were considered an excellent alkali, and apothecaries would pulverize them for use in several preparations. The shell used for this purpose was described by Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in London in the 18th century as being "of a tubular, or conical form, about 3 inches long; of a shining, greenish white; hollow; light, and divided lengthwise by parallel lines, running from top to bottom. It is about the thickness of a feather, and bears some resemblance to a canine tooth." However, it was considered at that time to be very rare, and in lieu of that, another shell was usually substituted. This was described as a multi-colored shell found in the sand where the tide had fallen; this shell was not channeled, or fluted. The large green shell to which the writer first refers must have been either "Dentalium elephantinum" or "Dentalium aprinum", both of which are large and greenish, and live in the Indo-Pacific zone. The other shell was presumably another species, possibly "Dentalium entale", which is native to Great Britain.
Species.
Species within the genus "Dentalium" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20562000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562000" title="José Holebas">
José Holebas

José Holebas () also known as Iosif Cholevas () (born 27 June 1984) is a German-born Greek footballer who currently plays for Olympiacos and the Greek national football team.
Family, Early Life and Career.
José Holebas was born in Aschaffenburg, West Germany to a Greek father and a Uruguayan mother. His father comes from Trikala, Greece and was a footballer of a local group in the city called "Royal Thunder". But eventually he stopped playing football early after copping a serious injury and then emigrated to West Germany where he worked as a waiter. It was there he met his first wife who comes from Uruguay. Eventually they married and had José in the city of Aschaffenburg. Soon the marriage dissolved and José grew up with his mother. While growing up in Germany, José took up an interest in football and he played for a variety of different youth teams. He began his career with FC Südring in 1991 where he played as a striker. He then went on to join his second team FC Kleinwallstadt and eventually he went on to join TSV Teutonia Obernau. When his girlfriend became pregnant in 2001, Holebas ended his involvement in football. In addition, he broke of an apprenticeship he was doing and eventually ended up working shifts as a Warehouseman. Holebas returned to playing football after a 1 year break in 2002 where eventually he signed for German lower league Aschaffenburg based club SV 1910 Aschaffenburg-Damm.
Career.
Aschaffenburg-Damm.
Signing with Aschaffenburg-Damm meant that Holebas began his first team career in his home town. José played for the club for 3 years from 2002–2005. After the 2004–05 season, he decided to sign for Viktoria Kahl, another German lower league club.
Viktoria Kahl.
José only spent 1 year playing with Viktoria in the 2005–06 season where he made a great personal impact. In the season, he played 33 games and scored 15 goals for the club, also adding to this by putting in many great performances for his team. His great form and performances from his 1 year with Kahl and his promising talent, eventually caught the attention of 2. Bundesliga club TSV 1860 München who eventually became aware of him. Holebas was then on the move again when eventually he signed for the Munich based club in 2006.
1860 Munich.
When Holebas arrived at the club in the summer of 2006 and although the 22 year old was considered too old by youth academy coach Ernst Tanner, he was selected to play with 1860 München II, the second level team of the club. Holebas made his debut for the "Young Lions" on the 5th of August 2006 in a game against Hoffenheim. José played 47 games and scored 12 goals after his first year with club in the 2006-07 season with the second team. In the summer of 2007, Holebas was appointed up to the first team. In September 2007, José officially made his professional footballing debut for 1860 in a 2.Bundesliga game against St. Pauli. In the 2007-08 and 2008-09 seasons, Holebas played as an attacking midfielder. In the summer of 2009, the new coach of TSV 1860 München Ewald Lienen advised Holebas to change his playing style from an attacker to a more defensive style of player where he selected him to play as a left back or in central defence. Although he was a defensive player, Holebas still proved he was an attacking threat in both categories of scoring and setting up goals, he was also good with free-kicks. At the end of the 2009-10 season, Holebas played 31 games, scored 4 goals with 3 assists in the league. After the 2010 FIFA World Cup finals in the pre-season leading into the 2010-11 season Ewald Lienen left the Munich Lions as he was appointed as the new coach of Greek giants Olympiacos. After the appointment, Ewald offered José a contract to join him at the Piraeus based club. Holebas accepted the offer and signed a 3-year contract for Olympiacos for a transfer fee of around €500,000 plus €200,000 future incentives with a €200,000 annual salary, with the addition of a 20% annual increase clause. With his stint in Munich now over, Holebas overall spent 4 years with the club where he played the 2006-07 season with the second team and the 2007-08, 2008–09 and 2009–10 seasons with the first team where he played 74 matches in the 2. Bundesliga scoring 7 goals and played seven times in the DFB-Pokal (German Cup) in the process.
Olympiacos.
2010–11.
When Holebas arrived in Greece, he stated that he was pleased to be playing in his ancestral country. He made his debut with Olympiacos F.C. in a 5–0 victory against Besa in the Europa League. After the team's short-lived European experience, Lienen was sacked and replaced with Ernesto Valverde, which at first meant minimal appearances and game time for Holebas, especially since Olympiacos had players like Raul Bravo and Albert Riera on the left side. Holebas officially made his professional debut in top division football when he played in Olympiacos's first league game of the Superleague season in a 2-1 away defeat against Iraklis Thessaloniki. As the season went on, José exceedingly increased his training rate and efforts and eventually coach Valverde was convinced about him and his game time increased consistently through the remainder of the season. He also scored his first goal for the club in the championship in a 6–0 victory against AEK Athens. His speed and strength played a huge role in Olympiacos' efforts into winning their 38th Championship title, finishing in 1st place 13 points clear of the club's Greatest Rivals and defending champions Panathinaikos in 2nd place and in addition, helping the club to qualify for the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League. In European competition, Holebas played apart in Olympiacos's very surprisingly and shockingly getting eliminated in the third qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League 2–2 (away goals) on aggeragette by Israeli club Maccabi Tel Aviv one of the clubs worst ever performances in Europe to date.
2011–12.
After the departure of both Bravo and Riera in the summer of 2011, Holebas was promoted into the starting lineup, playing either as left wingback or as left winger, depending on the opponent. After a streak of great performances and scoring a good header goal against Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League, no one could argue about his presence in the team anymore. He scored his first goal and a fantastic one against OFI Crete in a 2–0 away win. This goal won him an award and when asked in an interview if the goal was the best one he had scored, he replied; "Yes, One of them, Yes". His second goal came against Aris Thessaloniki F.C. from the penalty spot in a 3–0 home win. Holebas finished the Greek Superleague with two goals and four assists in 23 matches which helped win Olympiacos their second Greek league title in a row and 39th overall, again finishing in 1st place 7 points clear again of Greatest Rivals Panathinaikos in 2nd place and in addition, helping the club to qualify for the 2012–13 UEFA Champions League. He also managed to help contribute to Olympiacos by helping the club win their 25th Greek Cup title in a 2–1 victory in extra time over Atromitos in the final at the Athens Olympic Stadium. In Europe, Holebas played apart in Olympiacos finishing in 3rd place in the group stage of the UEFA Champions League behind English club Arsenal and French club Marseille and ahead of German club Borussia Dortmund then eventually in the club finishing getting knocked out 2–2 (away goals) on aggeragette by Ukrainian club Metalist Kharkiv in the round of 16 in the knockout phase of the UEFA Europa League.
2012–13.
Holebas scored his first goal of the season against Panthrakikos F.C. in a 4–1 home win. He also scored an amazing goal from a free kick against Asteras Tripolis F.C. with his shot ending up in a 1–0 home win. His next goal, which was also astonishing, came against Skoda Xanthi F.C. in a 4–0 home win. He also managed to score against Aris Thessaloniki F.C. in a 2–2 away draw. Holebas finished the first half of Greek Superleague with 4 goals in 15 appearances. He also contributed three assists. He made his fourth assist, by assisting Pablo Contreras's goal against Panthrakikos F.C. in a 1–0 away win. He ended the season in the Greek Superleague with eight assists and four goals in 28 appearances which helped win Olympiacos their third Greek league championship in a row and their record 40th title overall in the club's history, once again finishing in 1st place 15 points clear of Rivals PAOK in 2nd place and helping the club to qualify for the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League. He also managed to again help contribute to Olympiacos by helping the club win another Greek Cup title, so therefor another (Double) in a 3–1 victory again in extra time, but this time over Asteras Tripolis F.C. in the final at the Athens Olympic Stadium. On the European scene, Holebas played apart in Olympiacos again finishing in 3rd place in their group in the Champions League behind German club Schalke 04 and English club Arsenal and ahead of French club Montpellier then eventually in the club finishing getting eliminated by Spanish club Levante 4–0 on aggeragette in the round of 32 in the knockout phase of the Europa League.
2013–14.
Holebas made his first appearance of the 2013–2014 season in Olympiacos's 1–0 away victory over newly promoted Kalloni in the opening round of their Greek League Championship defence. On 24 August 2013 according to a Greek sports website, it stated that Holebas was left out of the team to play in the club's round 2 league match against Atromitos by coach Míchel for something in relation to do with his contract and that the Greek international was also offered to join Turkish club Beşiktaş. Reports in the Turkish press suggested that the Istanbul based club had offered Holebas a three-year contract worth nearly €1 million per season while an estimated transfer fee of around €2 million had been reportedly tabled by the Black Eagles. Holebas was again left out of the Olympiacos squad in their 5–0 away victory over Levadiakos in round 3 of their Superleague campaign. After weeks of speculation, no transfer deal with the Turks for Holebas was ever made in the remaining duration of the summer transfer window after fresh reports from Turkey indicated that Beşiktaş had dropped their interest in the left-back after a disagreement between the two clubs regarding a transfer fee. On 14 September 2013, Holebas returned to action for Olympiacos by coming on as a 37th minute substitute for Gaëtan Bong in the club's 4–0 home victory over Skoda Xanthi F.C. making it 4 wins in the first 4 matches for the club in the Super League. He scored his first goal of the season in a home 5–1 league win against OFI Crete with a wonderful free kick. Holebas scored his next goal in a 2-0 league home win against Levadiakos.
Eligibility.
Cholevas due to being German born and with his Greek-Uruguayan heritage, this made him eligible to represent either Germany, Greece or Uruguay in International football. He had impressed the Greek national team's coach Fernando Santos while playing good football with Olympiacos and was advised to set the actions in motion to obtain a Greek passport, for which he was eligible due to his Greek father. After many months of bureaucratic issues, Cholevas finally became a Greek international when he received his new passport on 3 November 2011 and was immediately called up by Santos for the Greek national team's upcoming friendly match against Russia. 
Early steps with Greece.
Cholevas officially made his International debut against Russia on 11 November 2011 in a 1–1 home friendly draw and in that match, he became the first Greek with a mixture of South American ethnicity since Pavlos Papaioannou to play for the country. In his debut cap against the Russians, he showed excellent signs of acceleration, forward runs and determination in the game, thus receiving praise and recognition by the media. Cholevas appeared in his next cap for the Greeks in another 1-1 friendly draw, but this time against Belgium on the 29th of February 2012. He played in Greece's next match, once again in another 1-1 friendly draw, but this time against Slovenia on the 26th of May 2012. On the 31st of May 2012, Cholevas enjoyed his first every victory with the Greek team in a 1-0 friendly victory over Armenia.
2012 UEFA European Championship.
Although he never appeared in any qualification matches, but after a pretty good 2011–12 season with Olympiacos and pretty good performances with the national team in a number of friendly matches, Cholevas was good enough to be called up by Greece to travel to Poland to participate at the Euro 2012 Tournament held in Poland and Ukraine, where he played as their first choice left back. Cholevas started for Greece in their opening group game and the opening match of the tournament against co-hosts Poland where he played the whole 90+ minutes in a dramatic 1-1 draw on the 8th of June 2012. His performance against the Poles was pretty nervy and there were a number of times where he kept on getting caught out of position and he also picked up a yellow card. He started for Greece and played the full 90+ minutes in a overall poor 2-1 defeat against the Czech Republic on the 12th of June 2012. His performance against the Czechs was once again pretty nervy and again he was getting caught out of position which ultimately ended up with the Czechs scoring. On the 16th of June 2012, Cholevas was dropped by coach Santos to the bench due to his poor and nervy performances in Greece's previous two matches and being replaced by Giorgos Tzavellas in Greece's next game and final group game against Russia. But Cholevas did make an appearance in that match when he came on as a 64th minute substitute by replacing Theofanis Gekas and playing okay and receiving a yellow card in a fantastic 1-0 victory which helped Greece to just escape the group stage and advance to the Quarter Finals to keep their hopes alive to win the country's second European Championship. On the 22nd of June 2012, Cholevas was suspended for Greece's match against a very strong Germany side due to picking up two yellow cards back in the group stage. Cholevas watched on from the sideline as the Greeks fell to a 4-2 defeat and were eliminated from the Tournament. Cholevas contributed to help Greece finish Quarter Finalists at the Euros.
Post Euro 2012 (Friendlies and 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification).
Cholevas made his first appearance since Euro 2012 for Greece when he came on as a Substitute in a 2-1 away victory over on the 7th of September 2012 in Greece's opening 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match. On 14 November 2012, Cholevas scored his first goal for Greece in a friendly match against the Republic of Ireland at the Aviva Stadium, Dublin, earning a hard and tough 1–0 away victory for his country. In a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match, Cholevas set up the match winning goal for Greece with a magnificent long swinging delivery ball which was headed in on the far post by Lazaros Christodoulopoulos in a 1–0 away victory over Lithuania. On 6 September 2013 in another 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match, Cholevas was booked for a yellow card twice and then red carded in his country's 1–0 away victory over Liechtenstein. Cholevas returned to action for the Greek national team on 11 October 2013 in the Greeks crucial 1–0 home victory over Slovakia in their second last match of 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying. In the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying Play-offs, Cholevas played in both of Greece's matches against Romania which ended in a 3-1 victory in the 1st Leg in Piraeus and a 1-1 draw in the 2nd Leg in Bucharest and 4-2 on aggeragette. Cholevas contributed to helping Greece qualify for their third FIFA World Cup finals appearance for the 2014 Tournament in Brazil.
Personal life.
Holebas is of Greek and Uruguayan descent. In 2011 after reuniting with his Greek roots by getting a Greek passport, He visited the village of his origin and his father.
Holebas has one daughter named Tanisha Holebas (b. 2002), with whom he had at 18 with his then girlfriend and now ex-Wife German woman, Diana Jüncker.
Holebas is a keen lover of Music and stated in an interview that he always loves listening to American rapper 50 Cent. Holebas also stated in the same interview that he is a keen fan of American professional actors Robert De Niro and Al Pacino. Holebas stated also that he enjoys watching Formula 1 Car Racing and that he loves watching German professional formula 1 car racer Sebastian Vettel.
Holebas is fluent in German and English and can speak a little bit of Greek.
In February 2014, Holebas appeared on the front cover of Worldwide Magazine "Men's Health Greece" after accepting to appear at a Photo Shoot in order to be on the front cover of the Greek version of the Magazine for the February Issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20562027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562027" title="George E. Allen">
George E. Allen

George Edward Allen (February 29, 1896 – April 23, 1973) was an American political operative who was involved in a famous football game while in college.
Early life and education.
He was born in Booneville, Mississippi. He earned a law degree at Cumberland University in Tennessee.
Coaching career.
Allen was the head football coach for Cumberland College Bulldogs in Lebanon, Tennessee for one game in 1916. Cumberland University suffered the greatest loss in the history of college football to Georgia Tech by a score of 222 to 0.
Cumberland had actually discontinued its football program before the season but was not allowed to cancel its game against the Engineers. Georgia Tech coach John Heisman insisted on the schools' scheduling agreement, which required Cumberland to pay $3,000 (considered a sizeable sum in 1916) to Tech if its football team failed to show.
George Allen (who was elected to serve as Cumberland's football team student manager after first serving as the baseball team student manager), also a Kappa Sigma Fraternity member, put together a scrub team of 14 men to travel to Atlanta as Cumberland's football team and were soundly beaten 222 to zero, saving the college $3,000 in the process. Cumberland would not play football again until 1920.
Law and political career.
Allen then practiced law in Mississippi and Indiana, afterwards engaging in various business ventures. In the 1920s he managed hotel properties in Washington, D.C., eventually drifting into politics and serving President Franklin D. Roosevelt and the Democratic Party. He served as a member of the Board of Commissioners for the District of Columbia (1933-8, 1939–40) and treasurer and then secretary of the Democratic National Committee.
On behalf of the Red Cross, Allen made a number of trips to England and Europe where, in the 1940s, he and Dwight D. Eisenhower developed a friendship that grew over the ensuing years. Allen also served as a director of the War Damage Corporation, a government effort to provide insurance against war-related damage. He was an advisor to President Harry Truman, serving as manager of his vice-presidential campaign and accepting an appointment as director of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation in 1946. He was on the cover of Time magazine on August 12, 1946. Based on his experiences as a White House intimate, he wrote "Presidents Who Have Known Me" in 1950, and then wrote a revised edition in 1960.
The public library in Allen's home town of Booneville, Mississippi is named the George E. Allen Public Library in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20562028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562028" title="Goochland">
Goochland

Goochland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20562037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562037" title="Trapped in the Closet (Chapter 1)">
Trapped in the Closet (Chapter 1)

"Trapped in the Closet (Chapter 1 of 5)" is an R&B song written and produced by American singer R. Kelly for his tenth studio album "TP.3 Reloaded". It was released in early 2005 as the album's lead single together with "Sex in the Kitchen". The song is also featured on the soundtrack of the movie inspired by the song Trapped in the Closet Chapters 1-12. VH1 ranked it #41 on its list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the '00s".
Content and music video.
The first chapter of "Trapped in the Closet" begins with the narrator, Sylvester (portrayed by Kelly), waking up and realizing that he is not in his own bed. He recalls leaving a nightclub with a strange woman the previous night, and that he was in her bed. As Sylvester is scolding himself for what he has done as a married man, the woman comes back into the bedroom from the bathroom. Sylvester tells her that he has to leave quickly. She tells him he can't leave out the door because she hears her husband coming up the stairs. Sylvester says he'll jump out the window, but she reminds him that they are on the fifth floor. Sylvester thinks frantically, and then decides to hide in the closet. A few seconds later, the husband walks in, and the couple ends up fooling around on the bed. Sylvester reflects that the woman deserves an Oscar for her skillful acting. Suddenly, Sylvester's cell phone rings and he hurries to put it on vibrate. The husband hears the ring and suspects something is wrong. He searches the house for another person. He looks behind the shower curtain, under the bed, in the dresser, and then walks towards the closet. The first part ends with Sylvester reaching for his Beretta and the husband opening the closet.

</doc>
<doc id="20562039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562039" title="Parfait (food)">
Parfait (food)

Parfait (pronounced from French meaning "perfect") is a kind of frozen dessert, that dates to 1894.
France.
In France, parfait refers to a frozen dessert made from a base of sugar syrup, egg, and cream. A parfait contains enough fat, sugar, alcohol and/or to a lesser extent air to allow it to be made by stirring infrequently while freezing, making it possible to create in a home kitchen without specialist equipment. The fat, sugar, alcohol or air interferes with the formation of water crystals, which would otherwise give the ice cream an uncomfortable texture in the mouth. The formation of ice crystals is managed in the making of regular ice cream by agitating the ice cream constantly while it freezes or chemically by adding glycerol. Neither should be necessary when making a high-quality parfait.
UK.
In the UK parfait refers to a very smooth meat paste (or pâté), usually made from liver (chicken or duck) and flavoured with liqueurs.
North America.
In The United States, "parfait" refers to either the traditional French-style dessert or to a popular variant, the American parfait, made by layering parfait cream, ice cream, and/or flavored gelatins in a tall, clear glass, and topping the creation with whipped cream, fresh or canned fruit, and/or liqueurs. 
In Canada and the northern United States, parfaits may also be made by using yogurt layered with granola, nuts or fresh fruits, such as peaches, strawberries, or blueberries.

</doc>
<doc id="20562050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562050" title="Nah und Fern">
Nah und Fern

Nah und Fern is a box set collecting the four albums released by Wolfgang Voigt under the Gas alias. Some tracks are shortened edits, and some are also subject to very slight alteration and remastering; Voigt noted around the time of release that the music seemed to resist attempts at cleaning up the recordings, with the muffled or lo-fi nature of some elements of the music forming an integral part of the characteristic Gas sound. The tracks were originally released on the label Mille Plateaux. The albums start with 1996s self-titled album and end with 2000s "Pop". The album is filled with vague sounds recalling the ideals of minimalism. The box set reached #13 on the "Billboard" Top World Music Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20562129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562129" title="Iván Castro">
Iván Castro

Captain Iván Castro (born 1967) is a U.S. Army officer who has continued serving on active duty in the Special Forces despite losing his eyesight. He is one of three blind active duty officers who serves in the U.S. Army and the only blind officer serving in the United States Army Special Forces. Castro currently serves on active duty at the Special Operations Recruiting Battalion as the Assistant Operations Officer /Total Army Involvement Recruiting Coordinator. He is an advocate of rehabilitation, employment and education for wounded warriors and participates in various races and marathons as a contestant.
Early years.
Castro was born in Hoboken, New Jersey to parents who were originally from Puerto Rico. In 1979, when he was 12 years old, he moved to Puerto Rico with his mother. After graduating from Antilles Military Academy, Castro attended the University of Puerto Rico on an athletic scholarship. During his student years he represented his alma mater in track and field and cross country competitions. After four years of college, Castro enlisted in the US Army as a Private First Class and reached the rank of Sergeant First Class before attending Officer Candidate School. Castro later earned his BBA from Campbell University in North Carolina.
Military career.
Castro’s military career began in the summer of 1987. He attended the Basic Airborne Course while enrolled in the ROTC program at the University of Puerto Rico. Castro also served as an Infantryman in the Puerto Rican National Guard from 1988-1990. He then enlisted in the U.S. Army, completing his first tour of duty in Co B, 1st Battalion, 87th Infantry. During this time, he was deployed in support of Operation Desert Storm/Desert Shield. Upon his return, he served with 101st Pathfinder Detachment at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
In 1992, Castro was re-assigned to Co E, (Long Range Surveillance), 51st Infantry in Darmstadt, Germany. While in Germany, Castro deployed twice to Bosnia in support of Operations Joint Endeavor and Joint Forge. In 1996, he reported to Co C, 3d Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment and in 1998, Castro served as a drill sergeant at Co A, 2d Battalion, 19th Infantry at Sand Hill at Fort Benning, Georgia.
In 1999, he attended Special Forces Assessment and Selection and later that year began the Special Forces Qualification Course. Upon graduation in 2000, he reported to Co B, 3d Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group (Airborne) at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Castro's MOS was Special Forces Weapons Sergeant. While there, he deployed to Colombia, Belize, and Ecuador.
Castro went to night school to complete a B.A. degree, before attending the Army's Officers Candidate School. He attended Officer Candidate School in 2004, earning a second lieutenant commission the same year. He then attended the Infantry Officer basic course at Fort Benning, GA. In 2005, he reported to Co D, 1st Battalion (Airborne), 325th Infantry Regiment[http://www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/inf/0325in001bn.htm], 82d Airborne Division at Fort Bragg, NC. While assigned to the 82d, he deployed to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom for the first parliamentary elections.
Deployment to Iraq.
By the time he was sent to Iraq as a scout platoon leader with the 1st Battalion (Airborne), 325th Infantry Regiment, Castro was already an experienced combat veteran. In 2006, Castro was assigned to the 1st Battalion (Airborne), 325th Infantry Regiment[http://www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/inf/0325in001bn.htm], 82d Airborne Division, which was in combat in Iraq at the time. In September 2006, Castro and his men had relieved other paratroopers atop a house in the town of Yusifiyah, some 20 miles southwest of Baghdad, after a night of fighting.
As an officer, Castro was not required to personally provide fire support to fellow soldiers in the exposed housetop position. Nonetheless, he volunteered for the mission and was accompanied by Sergeant Ralph Porras and Private First Class Justin Dreese. A mortar round landed a few feet away from him, killing Sergeant Porras and PFC Dreese and severely wounding Castro. Shrapnel tore through his body, damaging a shoulder, breaking an arm, fracturing facial bones and collapsing his lungs. The blast also drove the frame of his protective eyewear into his face.
Castro was sent to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland. The top half of his right index finger was ripped off and the doctors had to amputate the remaining part of the finger. His right eye was blown out and he had a metal fragment in his left eye. The extent of his injuries was such that doctors doubted whether Castro would survive the week. When Castro regained consciousness days later, his right eye was gone, but doctors hoped to salvage the vision in his left. The surgeons later removed one last piece of shrapnel from that eye. When they took off his bandages they flashed a light for Castro to see; however, when he did not respond to the light, he was told that he would never see again. Castro remained in the hospital for two months after his injury, with no idea of what he would do next. He then overheard a doctor and a nurse discussing the next Army Ten-Miler and the Marine Corps Marathon. He asked his doctor if the courses were flat or hilly, then made running both races his goal.
Recovery.
Castro spent 17 months in recovery before seeking a permanent assignment in the Army's Special Operations Command, at the 7th Special Forces Group's headquarters company in Fort Bragg. Through convalescence and rehabilitation, Castro struggled to regain a measure of independence and regularly worked out – both running and in the gym.
New assignment.
Before being appointed executive officer of the 7th Special Forces Group's headquarters company, he spent a weekend familiarizing himself with the group area where he was going to work by walking around and measuring the steps from his car to his office. He is quoted in the media as saying:
"I am going to push the limits," "I don't want to go to Fort Bragg and show up and sit in an office. I want to work every day and have a mission." "I want to be treated the same way as other officers," Castro said. "I don't want them to take pity over me or give me something I've not earned."
Upon his appointment, Castro became the only blind officer serving in the Special Forces and one of three blind officers who serve in the active-duty Army, though his managerial tasks are not directly involved with combat. In February 2008, Castro was promoted to the rank of captain, and served as the executive officer of the 7th Special Forces Group at Fort Bragg.
On December 15, 2009, Castro graduated from the Maneuver Captains Career Course at Fort Benning, Georgia. He is currently working as the Assistant Operations Officer/ Total Army Involvement Recruiting Coordinator at Fort Bragg, N.C.
Athletic endeavors.
Castro has remained active as an athlete. At Bragg he trained with Major Phil Young, who was his team leader in the Special Forces, and has participated in several long distance road races, often being enthusiastically greeted by the audiences for his determination. He now trains with LT. Colonel Fred Dummar, who is his Battalion Commander. Together they have completed several marathons. Among the notable races and marathons in which Castro has participated, with a guide, as a member of the "Missing Parts In Action" team in 2007, are the Army Ten-Miler and the Marine Corps Marathon. In 2008, he participated in the Bataan Memorial Death March Marathon in New Mexico, the Boston Marathon and the U.S. Air Force Marathon.
In 2008, Castro as a member and participant in Operation Peer Support, participated in the Blinded Veterans Association's 62nd National Convention. In June 2009, Castro participated in the Midnight Boogie 50 mile ultramarathon.
Community service.
Castro is an advocate of rehabilitation funding for the blind, visiting members of Congress in his quest. He was honored during a visit to the Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center in Augusta, Georgia with a plaque engraved in braille, which thanked him for his continued service. He also mentors, coaches, and counsels wounded service members with various injuries. Recently, Castro was invited to be the keynote speaker at the 25th International Technology and Persons with Disabilities Conference.
Castro currently serves on active duty at the Special Operations Recruiting Battalion as the Assistant Operations Officer /Total Army Involvement Recruiting Coordinator. He has a 17-year-old son named Iván Eduardo.
Awards and decorations.
Among Castro's military decorations are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20562141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562141" title="Odorono">
Odorono

"Odorono" is a song written by Pete Townshend that was first released by English rock band The Who on their 1967 album "The Who Sell Out". Townshend sings the lead vocal rather than normal Who lead singer Roger Daltrey. The song praises the virtues of an actual American deodorant named "Odo-Ro-No". It has been covered by Petra Haden and Acme Rock Group.
Lyrics and music.
The concept behind "The Who Sell Out" was to make the album sound like a pirate radio station, including fake commercials between the songs. "Odorono" fitted with the concept by being a phony commercial for a brand of underarm deodorant, but it is also a substantial song in its own right. The lyrics tell the story of a woman singer who has just completed a successful performance and awaits a handsome man named Mr. Davidson to come backstage to congratulate her. In the words of Townshend, "it looks like she's all set, not only for stardom but also for true love". But when Mr. Davidson bends over to kiss her, her body odor turns him off, ruining her chances at both stardom and love. The song ends with the admonishment that "Her deodorant had let her down / She should have used Odorono".
The song represents the increasing importance of narrative in Townshend's songwriting. Townshend was proud of the song, stating that he "dug" it because "it was a little story, and although I thought it's a good song, it was about something groovy — underarm perspiration." And of the singer's hopes being disappointed, Townshend went on to say: "And you know, without getting too serious about it, because it's supposed to be very light, that's life. It really is. That really is life."
The Mr. Davidson in the song may have referred to Harold Davidson, who was a famous booking agent in London at the time the song was written. Although the song is a fake commercial, a real deodorant product named Odorono once existed.
The Who recorded "Odorono" on October 11, 1967 at IBC Studios. In addition to singing, Townshend plays rhythm guitar on the song.
Critical reception.
"Odorono" has been praised for its projection of bittersweet comedy. "Rolling Stone Magazine" said: "The girl who should have used Odorono is obviously meant to be a laugh, but it is bittersweet laughter. The Who have caught the embarrassing reality of it, and reality is the essence of humor." Authors Steve Grantley and Alan Parker comment on the song's "comical lyrics" while noting that it tells "a melancholy story". Author John Atkins calls the music "attractive" and the lyrics "amusing" and "melodramatic". John Dougan calls the song "an inciteful critique of the entertainment industry's elevation of style and appearance over talent, as well as a satire of products as salvation" and states that "the song is unexpectedly heartfelt, partly the result of the anguish expressed in Townshend's voice and the story's cinematic quality". Dougan also remarks on "Odorono"'s "narrative arc and character development" and notes that these qualities allow the listener to sympathize with the singer and feel a little annoyed at Mr. Davidson's "insensitivity and superficiality".
Other versions.
A mono version of "Odorono" exists, but has never been released on CD. The mono mix differs significantly from the stereo mix, including a different lead guitar part.
Petra Haden covered the song on her 2005 album "". Acme Rock Group covered the song on their 2001 album "Star".

</doc>
<doc id="20562148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562148" title="The Passion (Milton)">
The Passion (Milton)

The Passion is an unfinished ode by John Milton that was possibly written in 1630 and was first published in 1645 or 1646 (see 1646 in poetry). The poem connects Christ's Crucifixion with his Incarnation. It is linked to two other poems of Milton: "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity" and "Upon the Circumcision"
Background.
The exact date of composition is unknown, but it is likely that Milton wrote the ode while attending Christ's College, Cambridge, and it is commonly dated to 1630. However, the ode, along with "Upon the Circumcision" and "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity", were first published in 1645, and they are found within a manuscript that was not started before May 1634. They were composed during a time in which Milton became deeply concerned with Scripture but also one who still relies on myth. They were written during a time of experimentation in genre and subject for Milton. The poem was revised for the publication in the 1645 collection, but Milton found that he would be unable to finish the poem, leaving only three lines which emphasise his shortcomings at the time of writing the poem.
Poem.
"The Passion" deals with Christ's Crucifixion but first two stanzas discuss how the narrator can no longer discuss the happiness of Christ's nativity:
Although he is to introduce the Crucifixion, the third stanza emphasises the nature of Christ and the Incarnation.
The fourth stanza continues to ignore the Crucifixion by discussing the poetic tone required for such a poem:
The fifth stanza continues this focus and discusses the printing of an elegy:
The emphasis on poetry is dropped for an emphasis on the soul of the narrator in Stanza VI:
The moment of the Crucifixion passes as the poet focuses on himself, and the poem transitions discussing to Christ's sepulchral in Stanza VIII:
The final stanza ends with the poet focusing on his own sorrow:
Attached to the 1645 publication of the poem are three lines which Milton wrote to state that the poem is incomplete and is abandoned because the poet was unable to deal with the Crucifixion as the subject matter:
Themes.
"The Passion" with "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity" and "Upon the Circumcision" form a set of poems that celebrates important Christian events: Christ's birth, the feast of the Circumcision, and Good Friday. The topic of these poems places them within a genre of Christian literature popular during the 17th century and places Milton alongside poets like John Donne, Richard Crashaw, and George Herbert. However, Milton's poetry reflects the origins of his anti-William Laud and anti-Church of England based religious beliefs. The topic of "The Passion" is of Christ's Crucifixion. Although Milton was a Christian poet, he rarely discusses this event within his poetry.
In the poem, he ignores the suffering by diverting attention to a discussion of himself and his own understanding of poetry in a similar way to Donne's "Goodfriday, 1613. Riding Westward". Milton's emphasis is on the nature of Christian poetry, and Stanza V contains a self-referential discussion of writing elegiac poetry, which is a baroque technique similar to the work of Bernini or Herbert in "Good Friday". However, the narrator constantly focuses on himself and his own grief, and this is a common trait in the contemporary Christian poetry of the poem. Unlike many of his contemporaries' works, each aspect of the poem emphasises that the narrator is unable to actually discuss Christ's crucifixion, and the poem was left incomplete.
Critical response.
Thomas Corns believes that "The Passion" "offers a unique example of Milton's poetic engagement with a scene he evidently found difficult to depict". Corns also believes that lines 34 and 35 of the fifth stanza contain "the most memorable conceit, though one that has received some censure for its self-conscious preciosity".

</doc>
<doc id="20562152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562152" title="Gregory Ruzicka">
Gregory Ruzicka

Gregory Ruzicka is general counsel to RS&W REALTY, INC., and a founding partner of the law firm of Ruzicka, Snyder & Wallace, LLP. He resides in Newport Beach, California.
In 2008, Ruzicka participated in the Fox television show, "Secret Millionaire" in which Ruzicka and his son covertly sought out underprivileged individuals from Imperial Beach, offering them at least $100,000.00 from their personal funds.

</doc>
<doc id="20562179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562179" title="Mark Albon">
Mark Albon

Mark Albon (born November 9, 1969 in Billericay, Essex) is a retired British race car driver. He contested one round of the 1993 International Formula 3000 season for East Essex Racing at Donington Park, qualifying 21st on the grid and retiring from the race.
Before his F3000 race, he competed in the Formula Vauxhall Lotus Championship in 1991 and the British Formula Two Championship in 1992.
Since he retired from racing, he became the director of manufacturing and engineering at Albon Engineering, which provides automotive compoments to equipment manufacturers worldwide. He now lives in Norman, Oklahoma with his wife Sarah.

</doc>
<doc id="20562186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562186" title="Ismet Jashari">
Ismet Jashari

Ismet Jashari, also known as Komandant Kumanova was an Albanian member of the UCK movement who was killed on 25 August 1998 in Klecke Kosovo. The Ismet Jashari-Kumanova Brigade of the KLA is named in his memory.
Jashari had left Switzerland where he lived to join the UCK to fight against Serbian military and police forces under the command of former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic.
Early life.
From his fathers side, the Jashari family migrated to Macedonia in the early 1910s from Vranje in south-Serbia when there were a significant minority of ethnic Albanians living there. His mother came from the Emini family of Lipkovo near Kumanovo in Macedonia.
During the 70's and 80's Ismet Jashari was active on promoting democracy and freedom in the Communist Federation of Yugoslavia, these actions had him arrested several times and also the main factor which made him flee to Switzerland where he worked with construction.
Ismet Jashari has two brothers and five sisters. One of the brothers is Jemail Jashari who is a MP in the Macedonian Parliament today, representing the Albanian political party BDI (Bashkimi Demokratik për Integrim). The second brother is Murat Jashari who was arrested for illegal weapon trade during the Kosovo Wars by Swiss authorities.
Legacy.
In 2011 a monument dedicated to him was inaugurated in Lipkovo Municipality, Republic of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20562190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562190" title="Lea County Tribune">
Lea County Tribune

The Lea County Tribune is a monthly 24 to 36 page newspaper published in Hobbs, New Mexico. The paper covers news and features of on subjects related to Lea County.
History.
The Lea County Tribune was created by Judy Hanna in February 2006 in response to citizens interest in a newspaper that is positive has more local coverage. The circulation of the paper is 11,000 and it is distributed all over Lea County. 
Sources.
Lea County Tribune Online

</doc>
<doc id="20562200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562200" title="Josef Lainer">
Josef Lainer

Josef Lainer was a Hauptscharführer (master sergeant) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. He was also awarded the very rare Close Combat Clasp in Gold, one of only 631 awards. Near the end of the war, he twice escaped from captivity.
Early years.
Josef Lainer, was born on the March 1920 at Brixen im Thale in Austria, in his early years he was a baker's apprentice until after his eighteenth birthday when he volunteered to join the SS-VT, taking part in the occupation of the Sudetenland in 1938.
World War II.
Lainer was not involved in the Polish Campaign, but by 1940, he was part of the 2nd Company, SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Der Führer", Das Reich Division and participated in the invasion of the Netherlands and the Battle of France as a Rottenführer (senior corporal) in command of a machine gun group.
Russia.
At the beginning of 1941 Lainer had been promoted to Unterscharführer (sergeant) and took part in the invasion of Russia (Operation Barbarossa) in June 1941. He received his first wound on 8 July, being hit by shell splinters. He also received his first medal: the Iron Cross 2nd class.
Lainer returned to the front within hours, and was eventually involved in 15 battles, which included the battles at Smolensk, Kiev, Gomel and the outskirts of Moscow.
In the autumn battle outside of Moscow, Lainer was wounded three times in two hours, twice shot in the arm, which was also fractured, which resulted in Lainer being admitted to hospital; the surgeons were sufficiently skilled, they did not have to amputate the arm.
These injuries gained Lainer the Wound Badge in Silver and the Infantry Assault Badge. After his release from hospital, Lainer was assigned to a training company in Germany, returning to the Das Reich Division, which was still in Russia, in the spring of 1943.
Lainer was awarded the Iron Cross 1st class in the defensive battles at Kiev and days later was again shot in the arm, refusing to leave the front. Lainer was promoted to Oberscharführer (technical sergeant) and given command of a platoon in the 2nd Company, a position normally held by an officer.
Knight's Cross award.
In August 1943, Lainer was involved in the Battle of Kharkov. 
In the village of Korotich, Lainer's unit came under attack by the Russians. His unit had taken over an abandoned Russian tank, which they used to counterattack the Russian positions. During the assault, Lainer was again wounded by shrapnel from a Russian hand grenade, but they did manage to stop the Russian attack. That night, they were attacked by a company of Russians, but managed to hold them off. The Russians attacked again and again, for five days. On the sixth day, the Russians mounted an attack in strength, using tanks. Lainer had deployed his men in the minefield in front of the German line to fight off this attack. During these battles, Lainer was twice slightly wounded, for which he received the Wound Badge in Gold.
For these actions, Lainer was awarded the Knight's Cross in October 1943, and was congratulated by Generalfeldmarschall Erich von Manstein, the commander of the Army Group. He was also awarded the Close Combat Clasp in Gold for having spent 54 days in combat; he was the seventh person to receive the Gold award and only the third NCO.
Normandy.
Lainer was promoted to Hauptscharführer (master sergeant) in January 1944 and moved with the "Das Reich" Division to France, where he would lead his men against the British and American forces in Normandy.
In August 1944, in the battles around Avranches, Lainer was captured by the Americans, but escaped three days later through a gap in the barbed wire fence surrounding the prisoner-of-war camp. After two days spent evading Allied forces, he reached the front line, but was discovered trying to cross into German territory and again was sent into captivity.
Post war.
In 1946, Lainer was released by the Americans, but was re-arrested by the French and made to carry out dangerous de-mining operations. At the end of 1946, he escaped again and returned to his hometown in Austria.
Josef Lainer died on 4 September 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20562210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562210" title="David Yoo">
David Yoo

David Yoo (born 1974) is an American fiction writer. 
Overview.
David Yoo is the author of two young adult novels, "Girls for Breakfast" and "Stop Me If You've Heard This One Before". He has also contributed to several anthologies.
David Yoo is a graduate from Skidmore College with an MA from the University of Colorado-Boulder. His first novel, "Girls For Breakfast" (Delacorte) Korean a Booksense Pick, an NYPL Books For the Teen Age selection, and a Reading Rants Top Ten Books for Teens choice.
He lives in Massachusetts, where he regularly plays adult soccer and Sega Genesis, teaches fiction at the Gotham Writers' Workshop, and is a mentor for the Solstice MFA program at Pine Manor College in Chestnut Hill, MA.

</doc>
<doc id="20562217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562217" title="United States Air Force Scientific Advisory Board">
United States Air Force Scientific Advisory Board

The United States Air Force Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) is a military unit that provides forecasts of long-range science and technology.
Scientific Advisory Board Chairmen
<br>1944–1954: Dr. Theodore von Kármán (Chairman Emeritus −1963)
<br>1955–58 Dr. James H. "Jimmy" Doolittle, Maj Gen
<br>1962–64: Dr. H. Guyford Stever
<br>1982–86 Dr. Eugene E. Covert
<br>1995–96 Dr. Gene McCall
Scientific Advisory Board Military Directors
<br>1944–1946: Gen Henry Harley "Hap" Arnold 
<br>1946–47: Maj Gen Curtis E. Lemay
<br>1947–1948: Lt Gen Laurence Craigie
<br>1948–52,54- : Maj Gen Donald L. Putt
Chronology.
<!--events leading up to the von Karman group

</doc>
<doc id="20562228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562228" title="Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre">
Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre

The Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre (PWNHC) is the Government of the Northwest Territories' museum and archives. Located in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, the PWNHC acquires and manages objects and archival materials that represent the cultures and history of the Northwest Territories (NWT), plays a primary role in documenting and providing information about the cultures and history of the NWT, and provides professional museum, archives and cultural resource management services to partner organizations.
History.
The concept for the PWNHC was originally established in 1971, as a result of concern over the loss of northern artifacts and collections, and the need to provide museum services and support throughout the Northwest Territories. In 1972, a program calling for the development of museum services in the NWT received official approval from the Government of the Northwest Territories. On April 16, 1979, His Royal Highness, The Prince Charles, Prince of Wales, officiated at the opening of the facility that bears his name.
The PWNHC holds in trust for the public a large collection of objects that represent the peoples and cultures of the NWT, and produces exhibitions that tell stories about the land, people and history of the NWT. However, the PWNHC is "more than a museum". In addition to its exhibits, collections and conservation programs, the PWNHC houses the NWT Archives, provides technical, logistic and financial support to individuals and organizations involved in cultural activities and the arts, and authorizes archaeological studies in the NWT.
Authority.
The mandate for the PWNHC’s activities derives from the Northwest Territories Archives Act, the Northwest Territories Historical Resources Act, and the Northwest Territories Archaeological Sites Regulations.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with:NWT Archives Council CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20562250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562250" title="Flag of Hertfordshire">
Flag of Hertfordshire

The flag of Hertfordshire is the flag of the English county of Hertfordshire. The flag is a banner of the arms of Hertfordshire County Council. On 19 November 2008 the Council passed a resolution that the design is a fitting and proper emblem for the county and its people. The council subsequently registered the banner of arms as the flag of the county with the Flag Institute and it now appears on the latter's registry of local flags.
__TOC__
Flag design.
The blue and white wavy lines, a traditional heraldic representation of a water course, symbolise the county's many rivers while the shield and hart are taken from the arms of the Borough of Hertford. It is a heraldic pun of Hart and ford. The Hart reclines on a yellow field, representing St. Alban, the patron saint of Hertfordshire and first British martyr, whose cross is traditionally yellow on blue. 
The pantone colours for the flag are:

</doc>
<doc id="20562255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562255" title="Camurus">
Camurus

Camurus is an award-winning Swedish biotechnology company founded in 1991 by scientists in biophysical, food, and pharmaceutical chemistry with expertise in lipid phase structures. The company provides innovative nanoscale drug-delivery systems for development of high-value therapeutics. Camurus is headquartered in Lund, Sweden, in the heart of the dynamic Medicon Valley region.
Company profile.
Camurus aims to collaborate with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies worldwide to enable and improve the delivery of a wide range of drug compounds. These compounds including peptides, proteins, and insoluble small molecules make use of delivery solutions ranging from long-acting depots to lipid nanocarriers designed for improved intravenous, transdermal, and oral delivery.
Camurus' in-house product portfolio addresses healthcare needs in areas of growth-hormone disorders, cancer, oncology supportive care, metabolic disease, and drug addiction. This is done exploiting the benefits of their patented FluidCrystal and FluidCrystal nanoparticle technologies.
Awards.
In 2007, British investors evaluated six nominated private companies and chose to Camurus as the best privately owned biotechnology company in the Medicon Valley. The company was awarded the Strictly Financing Award 2007 on June 12.
Patrick Lee, General Partner of Advent Venture Partners, explained why Camurus was chosen for this honor, “In particular Camurus was chosen because they have been very capital efficient while going through clinical trials. However there were more reasons for choosing Camurus. Their research was well validated, and they had thought through how their products could be applied to different market needs. Overall we believe that there is a low risk associated with investing in Camurus.” 
Collaborative research.
Camurus is currently involved in over ten collaborations including:
An option and license agreement with Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, a division of Wyeth (NYSE: WYE) to evaluate develop hemophilia therapeutics with Camurus´ FluidCrystal nanoparticle delivery technology. And a recently signed a license agreement with DiObex to produce and extended relsease formulation of DIO-901 (very low dose glucagon) using Camurus’ FluidCrystal drug delivery system. This extended release formulation aims to prevent insulin-induced hypoglycemia in diabetics. In addition to their collaboration with private companies Camurus has also received support from government institutions. In May 2007, Camurus was granted 3 million SEK from VINNOVA’s program “Forska & Väx” to launch a new R&D program on a long-acting drug product for treatment of opioid addiction.
The delivery systems created by Camurus are attractive to pharmaceutical companies because they lengthen patent protection by introducing novel delivery regimes and also allows the development and implication of new therapies that would otherwise be impossible.
Technologies.
Camurus is a company focused on the development of lipid-liquid crystals as a novel drug delivery route. These structures are well-defined three-dimensional formations consisting of lipophilic and hydrophilic domains that can be either interconnected or isolated depending on the environmentally induced phase conditions. These unique crystalline structures offer a unique way of encapsulating and transporting Active pharmaceutical ingredients, such as small molecules, peptides and proteins through the body. The structures also allow for the use of controlled release preventing the degradation of fragile molecules before they reach the therapeutic target, a serious issue for amino-acid based drugs. These factors combine to allow for high drug payloads and offer an exciting new alternative to traditional drug delivery systems. In addition, the controlled release pattern allows a greater amount of drug to be delivered, without the risk of potentially toxic levels in the blood.
Camurus’ gel technology is known as FluidCrystal and their nanoparticle systems are known as FluidCrystal Nano-Particles. The three varieties of Fluid Crystal NP carriers are Cubosomes, Hexosomes, and Flexosomes. Camurus’ technologies are applicable in oral, topical and parenteral drug delivery.
FluidCrystals.
Camurus' FluidCrystal are available as injectable depots and topical bioadhesive delivery technologies. By encapsulating the drug compound in the nanostructures, injectable depots are able to deliver therapeutic levels of drug substance over extended periods from a single injection. This leads to a decrease in traditional side effects associated with high initial drug release on injection (drug burst), poor drug stability, and complex processing requirements, making the system highly suitable for sustained parental delivery of peptides, proteins, and small molecule drug compounds. The topical delivery system creates a bio-adhesive film that provides local and continual release of drug compounds. The delivery system is suited for delivery of peptide, protein, and small molecule drug compounds and can be applied to dermal, buccal, ophthalmic, nasal, vaginal, and other topical surfaces.
Discovery, development, and production.
The groundwork for the production of FluidCrystals was laid by two main breakthroughs: the development of cubic mesophormic phases in 1969 and the characterization of the phase behavior of polyoxyethylene surfactants with water in 1983. Along with other research, these findings led to the patenting of FluidCrystals in 1992. The development of these nanoscale cages can be attributed to the strong working relationship between Camurus and Lund University, in Sweden. Camurus currently has a number of in-house projects combining FluidCrystals with existing drug therapies, as well as a number of projects in collaboration with pharmaceutical companies. There are currently FluidCrystal products in all three phases of trials.
FluidCrystals consist of glycerol monooleate (GMO) or diglycerol monooleate (DGMO) and glycerol dioleate (GDO) suspended in the stabilizing agent Pluronic F127. These pieces are then combined with the desired drug and stored. When ready for application, the mixture is combined with an aqueous solution, which causes the Fluid crystals to crystallize and form a matrix of FluidCrystals and the desired drug.
Fluid Crystal Nanoparticles (NP).
The FluidCrystal NP delivery system can be administered via injection, transdermally, or orally. The nanoparticle system allows for high drug payloads. In addition, the unique liquid crystal interior combined with the large exterior surface area makes the particles suitable for transporting amphiphilic and lipophilic drug compounds that would normally suffer from solubility issues. This delivery system also serves to encapsulate fragile peptide and protein compounds. The transdermal delivery route specifically improves the availability of small molecule drugs and peptides by facilitating efficient transport across the dermis. Finally, the oral delivery route improves the availability of small molecule drugs and peptides by preventing their degradation in the gastrointestinal transport. In addition, the system offers controlled release of the drug compound to improve absorption and pharmacokinetics.
Nanoparticles.
Cubosome.
Cubosomes can be designed with varying internal and external compositions in sizes ranging from 100 nm – 10μm. These structures are stable of a period of years and can be delivered orally, intravenously, and topically. cubosomes defined when surfactants are added to water at high concentration they self assembled to form thick fluids called liquid crystals, the most viscous liquid crystal is continuous cubic phase, a unique material that is clear and resembles stiff gelatin. When cubic phase is dispersed in to small particles, these particles are termed as cubosomes.
Hexosome.
Hexosomes can be designed with varying internal and external compositions in a range of sizes. These structures are stable of a period of years and can be delivered intravenously and topically. They have a greater surface area than cubosomes and are specialized for lipophilic small-molecule drugs.
Flexosome.
Flexosomes can be designed with varying internal and external compositions and a wide range of sizes. These structures are stable of a period of years and can be delivered orally, intravenously, and topically. Their sponge shape allows them the greatest surface area and greatest loading capacity of all the FluidCrystal nanoparticles.
Discovery, development, and production.
FluidCrystal NP evolved from the previous FluidCrystal technology, when the crystallization of FluidCrystals could be defined into the set complexes of Cubosomes, Hexosomes, and Flexosomes. This new technology was patented in 1996. Camurus currently uses FluidCrystal NP in both in-house and collaborative projects. The technology is currently in all three trial phases with varying drugs.
Production of FluidCrystal NP is very similar to FluidCrystals, in that (GMO) or (DGMO)&(GDO) is combined with the stabilizing agent Pluronic F127 and the desired drug, crystallizing when exposed to an aqueous solution. However, the size and structure of the crystal formations is determined by changing amount of lipid, charged species, and salt in the mixture
Pharmaceuticals.
Elyzol dental gel - parodontitis.
Camurus has partnered with Colgate-Palmolive for the marketing of their Elyzol dental gel for the treatment of parodontitis. Elyzol 25% dental gel contains metronidazole in the form of metronidazole benzoate as the active substance. Metronidazole is an antibiotic active against those organisms that are predominant in the subgingival flora in adult periodontitis, but does not affect helpful aerobic bacteria.
Salinum Xerostomia- xerostomia.
Camurus has partnered with Sinclair Pharma for the marketing of their product Salinum Xerostomia. Salinum is a saliva substitute, indicated for the relief of symptoms of dry mouth, or xerostomia.
In the European Union, Salinum is classified as a Class I Medical Device, meaning that Salinum can be sold freely within these countries. In the United States of America, application has been made to classify Salinum as a prescription and OTC 510(k) Medical Device (Rx). In the United Kingdom, Salinum has been granted reimbursement status.
CAM2028 - oral mucositis pain.
Oral mucositis is a severe side-effect of chemotherapy or radiotherapy during cancer treatment, and is often a dose-limiting factor in treatment. CAM2028 is administered as a lipid-based liquid that spreads on the intra-oral mucosal surfaces and transforms to a strongly bioadhesive FluidCrystal film that mechanically protects the sensitized and sore epithelium of the oral cavity.
In a recently completed phase II clinical trial, CAM2028 was demonstrated to give an immediate and significant reduction of pain. This analgesic effect was maintained over at least 8 hours following administration. The treatment was reported to be safe and well tolerated. The product is on-course for registration, as a medical device, on the European market in 2009.
CAM2029 - growth hormone disorders.
CAM2029 is a product for the treatment of acromegaly and carcinoid tumours. CAM2029 was assessed in a double blind, randomized, parallel-group, placebo controlled Phase I trial. Phase II studies will be initiated in early 2009.
CAM2032 – prostate cancer.
CAM2032 is a new drug being developed for long-term treatment of prostate cancer, with development also initiated for endometriosis. Camurus recently completed a Phase IIa clinical trial of CAM2032 in patients with advanced metastatic prostate cancer.
CAM2038 – drug addiction.
CAM2038 represents a new treatment concept for opiate addiction based on the well-documented anti-addiction therapeutic buprenorphine. The target properties and safety of CAM2038 has been demonstrated in preclinical studies and the first clinical Phase I/IIa trial is planned to start in 2009.
DIO-901- nocturnal hypoglycemia.
DIO-901 (a very low dose glucagon) is in development for the prevention of nocturnal hypoglycemia in diabetes. The Phase 1 program demonstrated dose dependent increases in plasma glucagon and blood glucose, hypoglycemia was delayed or averted and very low dose glucagon was safe and well tolerated. The FDA has granted Fast Track designation to the program.

</doc>
<doc id="20562259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562259" title="Tree Trunk">
Tree Trunk

"Tree Trunk" is a song recorded and released in 1972 by The Doors.
"Tree Trunk" was recorded by the surviving members of The Doors as they assembled material for their second and final album, "Full Circle", following the death of Jim Morrison. "Tree Trunk" was released as B-side for the "Get Up and Dance" single released by Elektra Records in July 1972, and was thus on the penultimate Doors single release.
Non-album track.
"Tree Trunk" is one of only three non-album B-sides to be released by the Doors. The other two are "Who Scared You" (the B-side of "Wishful Sinful", issued on Elektra in May 1969) and "(You Need Meat) Don't Go No Further" (the B-side of "Love Her Madly" on Elektra in March 1971), both of which appeared on the compilation album "Weird Scenes Inside the Gold Mine".
Releases.
Writer Robby Krieger felt "it sounded too commercial", and the track was left off the album.
Until 2010, the only commercial release of "Tree Trunk" was the 1972 45 rpm single release. As a result the song is one of the rarest and least known by The Doors. Videos of the 45 being played are available on YouTube.
In 2010, "Tree Trunk" was re-released as one of three bonus tracks on the Howling Wolf Records issue of "Other Voices" and "Full Circle" on a single CD.
The song has since been given official release as part of the Japan edition of the Doors Singles Box issued in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20562272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562272" title="Bill Holman (cartoonist)">
Bill Holman (cartoonist)

Bill Holman (March 22, 1903 – February 27, 1987) was an American cartoonist who drew the classic comic strip "Smokey Stover" from 1935 until he retired in 1973. Distributed through the "Chicago Tribune", it had the longest run of any strip in the screwball genre. Holman signed some strips with the pseudonym Scat H. He once described himself as "always inclined to humor and acting silly."
Born in Crawfordsville, Indiana, Holman lived as a child in Nappanee, Indiana, a town where six successful cartoonists lived when they were children. Holman's father died when he was young. He began drawing when he was 12 years old.
While working part-time at Nappanee's local five and dime store, he developed an interest in art as a career and sent away for the Landon School of Illustration and Cartooning correspondence course. Dropping out of high school, he was 15 when he moved with his mother to Chicago. There he took night courses at the Academy of Fine Arts and learned more about cartooning from Carl Ed.
In 1920, he held a job as a copy boy at the "Chicago Tribune" for six dollars a week. The position gave him the opportunity to hang out with the top "Tribune" cartoonists, including Sidney Smith, Harold Gray and E. C. Segar.
In Cleveland, he began working for the Newspaper Enterprise Association, which syndicated his short-lived animal strip, "Billville Birds" (1922). After three years with NEA and Scripps-Howard, he headed for New York, where he was a "Herald Tribune" staff artist and drew the child strip "G. Whizz Jr." for the New York Herald Tribune Syndicate. He scored a success when he headed in a new direction, submitting his cartoons to a variety of different magazines, including "Liberty", "Redbook", "Collier's" and "Life".
"Smokey Stover" and "Spooky".
Holman thought firemen were funny, "running around in a red wagon with sirens and bells," and he began doing "Smokey Stover" as a Sunday strip for the Chicago Tribune Syndicate on March 10, 1935. 
One month later (April 7, 1935), to accompany "Smokey Stover", he launched a topper strip, "Spooky". With a perpetually bandaged tail, the firehouse cat Spooky lived with its owner, Fenwick Flooky, who did embroidery while sitting barefoot in a rocking chair.
The daily "Smokey Stover" was not launched until November 14, 1938. Holman loved word play, and all of his features percolated with puns. In his file cabinet, Holman kept thousands of puns. Readers of "Smokey Stover" often sent him puns, sometimes with accompanying illustrations.
He also inserted bizarre words and phrases, such as "Foo," "Notary Sojac," "Scramgravy Ain't Wavy" and "1506 Nix Nix". Some of these became national catchphrases. "1506 Nix Nix" was an inside joke on Holman's friend, cartoonist Al Posen, as Holman once explained, "The late Al Posen, who did the "Sweeney and Son" comic strip, was a bachelor living in a hotel room, number 1506. I began using the phrase, a private joke between the two of us, as a warning to girls to stay away from Al's room."
"Nuts and Jolts".
Holman's gag panel, "Nuts and Jolts", was syndicated by the Chicago Tribune - New York News Syndicate from the 1930s to 1970. When Gaar Williams, who drew a gag panel under a variety of titles, died in 1935, Holman stepped in as a replacement. In July 1935, Holman picked up where Williams had left off, but the "Nuts and Jolts" title did not appear on the series until July 3, 1939. That same month, he began a Thursday panel, "Zipper", about a dog.
Journalist Al Meyers described Holman in a 1938 feature story:
By 1939, when Holman was earning $1500 a month, he gave a humorous summary of his life to "Editor & Publisher":
For the USO, Holman made many trips abroad to entertain troops in the South Pacific, Europe, Japan and Korea, in addition to his chalk talks at veteran’s hospitals. A promoter of U.S. Savings Bonds, Holman donated his time to draw booklets for local fire-safety campaigns. He was also involved in numerous children’s charities.
Holman was one of the co-founders of the National Cartoonists Society, and he was the organization's president in 1961-62. He continued his close association with the Society after his 1973 retirement. Even after retiring from "Smokey Stover", Holman could not stop the flow of puns and verbal/visual ideas, and he produced stack of sketches for a possible syndicated panel he titled "Wall Nuts". This had no connection with Gene Ahern's "The Nut Bros: Ches and Wal", but it could be a nod to Ahern's strip which mined a vein of surreal silliness somewhat similar to "Smokey Stover".
At age 84, Holman died February 27, 1987 in New York, survived by his wife Dolores.
In Nappanee, Holman is cited on the Indiana Historical Bureau's Historical Marker, which reads:
Bibliography.
According to Holman, more than 100,000 copies of Whitman's ten-cent "Smokey Stover" books were sold by 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20562312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562312" title="Frank Cubillos">
Frank Cubillos

Frank Cubillos is a Colombian American designer, artist and retired soccer forward. His paintings are included the U.S. Library of Congress under the Exit Art "Reactions" Exhibit collection.
Frank Cubillos painted two pianos (one at Santa Monica: Annenberg Community Beach House, the other is available for viewing at LACMA during Earth Day weekend April 21, 2012) for the art and music installation "Play Me I'm Yours", this community-wide art and music installation featured 30 pianos across Los Angeles County. Designed and decorated by local artists and community organizations, the pianos are available for three weeks for everyone to enjoy. Play Me, I’m Yours honors acclaimed conductor and pianist Jeffrey Kahane’s 15th anniversary as LA Chamber Orchestra music director. The installation launched on April 12, 2012 at noon with a simultaneous play-in of Bach’s "The Well-Tempered Clavier, Book I" at all 30 pianos.
Artists participating in the Play Me I'm Yours Los Angeles include: Muralist Kent Twitchell, Chicano artist Frank Romero, Colombian American artist Frank Cubillos, Graffiti artist Man One.
Biography.
Youth.
Frank Cubillos was born in Bogota, Colombia to a Cuban mother and Colombian father. His family moved to the United States when he was two years old.
Soccer.
Cubillos studied at California State University, Northridge, where he was a three year letter winner in soccer from 1984 to 1986. He was tied for season points leader in 1985. Cubillos is also ranked 10th on the list for goals in a single season for the Matadors. In 1987, he played professionally for the California Kickers in the Western Soccer Alliance.
Personal.
Cubillos is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20562313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562313" title="1924 British Mount Everest expedition">
1924 British Mount Everest expedition

The 1924 British Mount Everest expedition was—after the 1922 British Mount Everest expedition—the second expedition with the goal of achieving the first ascent of Mount Everest. After two summit attempts in which Edward Norton set a world altitude record, the mountaineers George Mallory and Andrew "Sandy" Irvine disappeared on the third attempt. Their disappearance has given rise to the long standing unanswered question of whether or not the pair successfully climbed to the summit. Mallory's body was found in 1999 but the resulting clues did not provide conclusive evidence as to whether the summit was reached.
Background and motivation.
At the beginning of the 20th century, the British participated in contests to be the first to reach the North and South Poles, without success. A desire to restore national prestige led to scrutiny and discussion of the possibility of "conquering the third pole" – making the first ascent of the highest mountain on Earth.
The southern side of the mountain, which is accessible from Nepal and today is the standard climbing route, was unavailable as Nepal was a "forbidden country" for westerners. Going to the north side was politically complex: it required the persistent intervention of the British-Indian government with the Dalai Lama regime in Tibet to allow British expedition activities. At the time, Tibet was one focus of the "Great Game", a struggle between Russia and Britain for military, political and commercial dominance in Central Asia.
A major handicap of all expeditions to the north side of Mount Everest is the tight time window between the end of winter and the start of the monsoon rains. To travel from Darjeeling in northern India over Sikkim to Tibet, it was necessary to climb high, long snow-laden passes east of the Kangchenjunga area. After this first step, a long journey followed through the valley of the Arun River to the Rongbuk valley near the north face of Mt. Everest. Horses, donkeys, yaks, and dozens of local porters provided transport. The expeditions arrived at Mt. Everest in late April and only had until June before the monsoon began, allowing only six to eight weeks for altitude acclimatization, setting up camps, and the actual climbing attempts.
Preparations.
Two other British expeditions preceded the 1924 effort. The first in 1921 was an exploratory expedition led by Harold Raeburn which described a potential route along the whole northeast ridge. Later George Mallory proposed a longer modified climb to the north col, then along the north ridge to reach the northeast ridge, and then on to the summit. This approach seemed to be the “easiest” terrain to reach the top. After they had discovered access to the base of the north col via the East Rongbuk Glacier, the complete route was explored and appeared to be the superior option. Several attempts on Mallory's proposed route occurred during the 1922 expedition.
After this expedition, insufficient time for preparation and a lack of financial means prevented an expedition in 1923. The Common Everest Committee had lost some 700 pounds in the bankruptcy of the Simla Bank. So the third expedition was postponed until 1924.
Like the two earlier expeditions, the 1924 expedition was also planned, financed and organized by the membership of the Royal Geographic Society, the Alpine Club, and a major contribution by Captain John Noel, who thereby purchased all photographic rights. The Mount Everest Committee which they formed used military strategies with some military personnel.
One important change was the role of the porters. The 1922 expedition recognized several of them were capable of gaining great heights and quickly learning mountaineering skills. The changed climbing strategy which increased their involvement later culminated in an equal partnership of Tenzing Norgay for the first known ascent in 1953 together with Edmund Hillary. The gradual reversal in the system of “Sahib - Porter” from the earliest expeditions eventually led to a “professional - client” situation where the Sherpa “porters” are the real strong mountaineering professionals and the westerners mainly weaker clients.
Like the 1922 expedition, the 1924 expedition also brought bottled oxygen to the mountain. The oxygen equipment had been improved during the two intervening years, but was still not very reliable. Also there was no real clear agreement whether to use this assistance at all. It was the start of a discussion which still lasts today: the “sporting” arguments intend to climb Everest “by fair means” without the technical measure which reduces the effects of high altitude by a couple thousand metres.
Participants.
The expedition was headed by the same leader as the 1922 expedition, General Charles G. Bruce. He was responsible for managing equipment and supplies, hiring porters and choosing the route to the mountain.
The question of which mountaineers would comprise the climbing party was no easy one. As a consequence of the First World War, there was a lack of a whole generation of strong young men. George Mallory was again part of the mission, along with Howard Somervell, Edward "Teddy" Norton and Geoffrey Bruce. George Ingle Finch, who had gained the record height in 1922, was proposed as a member but eventually was not included because he was divorced and had accepted money for lectures. He seemed out of place to the committee, especially the influential Secretary Arthur Hinks, who made it clear that for an Australian to be first on Everest was not acceptable; the British wanted the climb to be an example of British spirit to lift morale. Mallory refused to climb again without Finch but changed his mind after being personally persuaded by the British royal family at Hinks's request.
The new members of the climbing team included Noel Odell, Bentley Beetham and John de Vere Hazard. Andrew "Sandy" Irvine, an engineering student whom Odell knew from an expedition to Spitsbergen, was a so-called "experiment" for the team and a test for “young blood” on the slopes of Mount Everest. Due to his technical and mechanical expertise, Irvine was able to enhance the capacities of the oxygen equipment, to decrease the weight, and to perform numerous repairs to it and other expedition equipment.
The participants were not only selected for their mountaineering abilities; the status of their families and any military experience or university degrees were also factors in the selection procedures. Military experience was of the highest importance in the public image and communication to the newspapers. Quaker-educated Richard B. Graham, b. 1893 (Bootham School, York, 1906-10) was also chosen, but resigned on being told that some members of the party objected to climbing with a man who had refused to fight in the war.School Commemoration Scholarship Fund, 1879-1929, p. 24
The full expedition team consisted - besides a large number of porters - of the following persons:
Journey.
At the end of February 1924, Charles and Geoffrey Bruce, Norton and Shebbeare arrived in Darjeeling where they selected the porters from Tibetans and Sherpas. They once again engaged the Tibetan born Karma Paul for translation purposes and Gyalzen for sardar (leader of the porters) and purchased food and material. At the end of March 1924, all expedition members were assembled and the journey to Mount Everest began. They followed the same route as the 1921 and 1922 expeditions. To avoid overloading the dak bungalows, they travelled in two groups and arrived in Yatung at the beginning of April. Phari Dzong was reached on 5 April. After negotiations with Tibetan authorities, the main part of the expedition followed the known route to Kampa Dzong while Charles Bruce and a smaller group chose an easier route. During this stage, Bruce was crippled with malaria and was forced to relinquish his leadership role to Norton. On 23 April the expedition reached Shekar Dzong. They arrived at the Rongbuk Monastery on 28 April, some kilometres from the planned base camp. The Lama of Rongbuk Monastery was ill and could not speak with the British members and the porters or perform the Buddhist puja ceremonies. The following day the expedition reached the location of the base camp at the glacier end of the Rongbuk valley. Weather conditions were good during the approach but now the weather was cold and snowy.
Planned access route.
As the kingdom of Nepal was forbidden to foreigners, the British expeditions before the Second World War could only gain access to the north side of the mountain. In 1921, Mallory had seen a possible route from the North Col to go to the top. This route follows the East Rongbuk Glacier to the North Col. From there, the windy ridges (North Ridge, Northeast Ridge) seemed to allow a practical route to the top. On the Northeast Ridge a formidable obstacle blocks the route in the form of steep cliff called the "Second Step" at , whose difficulty was unknown in 1924. The second step massive is a suddenly steeper stratum of rock with a total height of 30 metres. The crux is a 5m cliff that was first verifiably climbed by the Chinese in 1960. Since 1975 it has been bridged with a ladder. After that point, the ridge route leads to the summit by a steep (45-degree) snow slope, the "triangular snow field" on the summit pyramid, and thence to the summit ridge.
The first men to travel this route to the summit were the Chinese in 1960, along the Northeast Ridge. The British since 1922 had made their ascent attempts significantly down the ridge, crossed the giant north face to the Great Couloir (later called the “Norton couloir”), climbed along the borderline of the couloir, and then attempted to reach the summit pyramid. This route was unsuccessful until Reinhold Messner followed it for his solo ascent in 1980. The exact route of the Mallory and Irvine ascent is not known. They either used the natural Norton/Harris route—cutting diagonally through the Yellow Band ledges to the Northeast Ridge or, possibly, following the North Ridge straight up to the Northeast Ridge. It is unknown if either of them reached the summit before death. The diagonal traverse of the northern face to breech the Second Step strata through the beginning of the Great (Norton) Couloir was a potential alternative to the ridge route, but it is rarely used.
Erection of the camps.
The positions of the high camps were planned before the expedition took place. Camp I (5400m) was erected as an intermediate camp at the entrance of the East Rongbuk Glacier to the main valley. Camp II (about 6000m) was erected as another intermediate camp, halfway to Camp III (advanced base camp, 6400m) about 1 km from the icy slopes leading up to the north col.
Supplies were transported by about 150 porters from base camp to advanced base camp. The porters were paid around one shilling per day. At the end of April they expanded the camp positions, a job which was finished in the first week of May.
Further climbing activities were delayed because of a snow storm. On 15 May the expedition members received the blessings of the Lama at the Rongbuk Monastery. As the weather started to improve, Norton, Mallory, Somervell and Odell arrived on 19 May at Camp III. One day later they started to fix ropes on the icy slopes to the north col. They erected Camp IV on 21 May at a height of .
Once again the weather conditions deteriorated. John de Vere Hazard remained in Camp IV on the north col with twelve porters and little food. Eventually Hazard was able to climb down, but only eight porters came with him. The other four porters, who had become ill, were rescued by Norton, Mallory and Somervell. The whole expedition returned to Camp I. There, 15 porters who had demonstrated the most strength and competence in climbing were elected as so called “tigers”.
Summit attempts.
The first attempt was scheduled for Mallory and Bruce, and after that Somervell and Norton would get a chance. Odell and Irvine would support the summit teams from Camp IV on the North Col while Hazard provided support from Camp III. The supporters would also form the reserve teams for a third try. The first and second attempts were done without bottled oxygen.
First: Mallory and Bruce.
On 1 June 1924 Mallory and Bruce began their first attempt from the North Col, supported by nine "tiger" porters. Camp IV was situated in a relatively protected space some below the lip of the North Col; when they left the shelter of the ice walls they were exposed to harsh, icy winds sweeping across the North Face. Before they were able to install Camp V at , four porters abandoned their loads and turned back. While Mallory erected the platforms for the tents, Bruce and one tiger retrieved the abandoned loads. The following day, three tigers also objected to climbing higher, and the attempt was aborted without erecting Camp VI as planned at . Halfway down to Camp IV, the first summit team met Norton and Somervell who just started their attempt.
Second: Norton and Somervell.
The second attempt was started on 2 June by Norton and Somervell with the support of six porters. They were astonished to see Mallory and Bruce descending so early and wondered if their porters would also refuse to continue beyond Camp V. This fear was partially realized when two porters were sent “home” to Camp IV, but the other four porters and the two English climbers spent the night in Camp V. On the following day, three of the porters brought up the materials to establish Camp VI at in a small niche. The porters were then sent back to Camp IV on the North Col.
On 4 June Norton and Somervell were able to start their summit bid at 6:40 a.m., later than originally planned. A spilled water bottle caused the delay, and a new quantity had to be melted. But the liter of water each man took was wholly inadequate for their climb, and a chronic shortcoming of the pre-WW-II climbs. Weather was ideal. After ascending the North Ridge more than , they decided to traverse the North Face diagonally but, not breathing supplemental oxygen, the effect of altitude forced them to stop frequently to rest.
Around 12 o’clock Somervell was no longer able to climb higher. Norton continued alone and traversed to the deep gulley which leads to the eastern foot of the summit pyramid. This gulley was named “Norton Couloir” or “Great Couloir”. During this solo climb, Somervell took one of the most remarkable photographs in mountaineering history. It shows Norton near his high point of where he tried to climb over steep, icy terrain with some spots of fresh snow. This altitude established a confirmed world record climbing altitude which was not surpassed for another 28 years, the 1952 Swiss Mount Everest Expedition, when Raymond Lambert and Tenzing Norgay reached on the south side of Everest.
The summit was less than above Norton when he decided to turn around because of increasing terrain difficulty, insufficient time and doubts of his remaining strength. He re-joined Somervell at 2 p.m.; and they descended. While following Norton, Somervell suffered a severe problem with a blockage of his throat, and he sat down to await his death. In a desperate last attempt, he compressed his lungs with his arms, and suddenly disgorged the blockage—which he described as the lining of his throat. He then followed Norton who was by now 30 minutes ahead, unaware of the life-threatening episode to his partner.
Below Camp V it had turned dark, but they managed to reach Camp IV. They were offered oxygen bottles by Mallory (a sign of his conversion to the shunned aid) but their first wish was to drink. During the night, Mallory discussed his plan with Expedition leader Norton, to make a final attempt with Andrew Irvine and to use oxygen.
Third: Mallory and Irvine.
While Somervell and Norton ascended, Mallory and Bruce had climbed down to Camp III (ABC) and returned to the North Col with oxygen. Mallory selected Sandy Irvine as his climbing partner for this climb. Since Norton was the expedition leader after the illness of Bruce, and Mallory was the chief climber, he decided not to challenge Mallory’s plan, in spite of Irvine's inexperience in high-altitude climbing. Irvine was not chosen primarily for his climbing abilities. Rather it was due to his practical skill with the oxygen equipment. Mallory and Irvine had also become fast friends since they shared a lot of time aboard ship to India, and Mallory considered the personable 22-year old as “strong as an ox.”
On 5 June they were in Camp IV. At 8:40 a.m. of the following day they reached Camp V with five porters, and on 7 June ascended to Camp VI. Odell and one porter went to Camp V to support the summit team. Shortly after Odell's arrival in Camp V, four porters of the Mallory team came down, sent by Mallory. They handed over a message from Mallory to Odell with an estimated time of their arrival on the ridge.
On the morning of 8 June, Odell started an ascent to make geological studies. The mountain was swept by mists so he could not see the NE Ridge clearly along which Mallory and Irvine intended to climb. At 7900m (26,000-ft) he climbed over a small outcropping. At 12:50, the mists suddenly cleared. Odell noted in his diary that he saw Mallory and Irvine just below the NE Ridge when they reached the foot of the Second Step—and surmounted it (in about 5 minutes). In a first report on 5 July to "The Times" he clarified this view. He saw the summit, the ridge and the final pyramid of Mt. Everest. His eyes caught a tiny black dot which moved on a snowy area below the Second Step. A second black dot was moving toward the first one. The first dot reached the crest of the ridge ("broke skyline"). He could not be certain if the second dot also did so.
Odell's initial opinion was that the two climbers had reached the base of the Second Step.
He was concerned because Mallory and Irvine seemed to be five hours behind their schedule. After this sighting, Odell continued on to Camp VI where he found the tent in chaotic disorder. At 2 p.m. an intense snow squall began. Odell went out in the squall hoping to signal the two climbers who he believed would by now be descending. He whistled and shouted, hoping to lead them back to the tent, but gave up because of the intense cold. Odell holed up in C-VI until the squall ended at 4pm. He then scanned the mountain for Mallory and Irvine but saw no one.
Because the single C-VI tent could only sleep two, Mallory had advised Odell to leave Camp VI and return to Camp IV on the North Col. Odell left C-VI at 4:30 p.m. arrived at C-IV at 6:45 p.m. As they had not seen any sign from Mallory and Irvine then or the next day, Odell again climbed up the mountain together with two porters. Around 3:30 p.m., they arrived at Camp V and stayed for the night. The following day Odell again went alone to Camp VI which he found unchanged. He then climbed up to around 8200m but could not see any trace of the two missing climbers. In Camp VI he laid two sleeping bags out in a T form on the snow which was the signal for "No trace can be found, Given up hope, Awaiting orders" to the advanced base camp. Odell climbed down to Camp IV. In the morning of 11 June they started to leave the mountain by climbing down the icy slopes of north col to end the expedition. Five days later they said goodbye to the Lama at Rongbuk Monastery.
After the expedition.
The expedition participants erected a memorial cairn in honor of the men who had died in the 1920s on Mount Everest. Mallory and Irvine became national heroes. Magdalene College, one of the constituent colleges of the University of Cambridge, where Mallory had studied, erected a memorial stone in one of its courts - a court renamed for Mallory. The University of Oxford, where Irvine studied, erected a memorial stone in his memory. In St Paul's Cathedral a ceremony took place which was attended by King George V and other dignitaries, as well as the families and friends of the climbers.
The next expedition did not occur until 1933—after the deaths of the Sherpas in 1922 and the British in 1924 the Dalai Lama had not allowed access for further expeditions. There were also some cases of the British hunting animals in the upper Rongbuk valley, against Buddhist law.
Odell's sighting of Mallory and Irvine.
The opinion of the Everest climbing community began to challenge the location Odell claimed to have seen the two climbers. Many thought the Second Step, if not unclimbable, was at least not climbable in the five minutes Odell says he saw one of the two surmount it. After the expedition, Odell was privately certain that Mallory and Irvine had reached the summit of Mount Everest. Key to this belief was the spot where he had seen the two climbers, and his evaluation of their fitness and strength. However, under social pressure from the climbing community Odell varied his opinion on several occasions as to the very spot where he had seen the two black dots. Most climbers believe he must have seen them climbing the far easier First Step. In the expedition report he wrote that the climbers were on the second-to-last step below the summit pyramid, indicating the famous and more difficult Second Step. Odell's account of the weather situation also varied. At first, he described that he could see the whole ridge and the summit. Later, he said that only a part of the ridge was free of mist. After viewing photographs of the 1933 expedition, Odell again said that he might have seen the two climbers at the Second Step. In 1988, he admitted that since 1924 he had never been clear about the exact location along the northeast ridge where he had seen the black dots.
A recent theory suggests the two climbers were cresting the First Step after they had given up their climb and were already on the descent.
They scrambled up the small hillock in order to take photographs of the remaining route, much as the French did in 1981, when they too were blocked from further progress. As to which step they were seen on, Conrad Anker has stated that "it's hard to say because Odell was looking at it obliquely ... you're at altitude, the clouds were coming in" but that he believes "they were probably in the vicinity of the First Step when they turned back, because the First Step itself is very challenging and the Second Step is more challenging... o put them where they might have fallen in the evening and where Mallory's body is resting, because it's a traversing route, he couldn't have fallen off either the First or Second Step and ended up where he was at, they were well to the East of that descending the Yellow Band".
Findings.
Odell discovered the first evidence which might reveal something about the climb of Mallory and Irvine among the equipment in camps V and VI. In addition to Mallory's compass, which normally was a critical component for climbing activities, he discovered some oxygen bottles and spare parts. This situation suggesting the possibility that there had been a problem with the oxygen equipment which might have caused a delayed start in the morning. A hand-generator electric lamp also remained in the tent – it was still in working order when it was found by the Ruttledge expedition nine years later.
During their assault in the 1933 British Mount Everest expedition, Percy Wyn-Harris found the ice axe of Irvine some 250 yards (230 metres) east of the First Step and 60-ft (20 metres) below the ridge. This location raises additional questions. The area is a 30-degree slab of rock with loose pebbles, according to Wyn-Harris. Expedition leader Hugh Rutledge says: “We have naturally paid close attention to the problem. Firstly, it seems probable that the axe marked the scene of a fatal accident. For reasons already given, neither climber would be likely to abandon it deliberately on the slabs...” “...its presence there would seem to indicate that it was accidentally dropped when a slip occurred or that its owner put it down in order to have both hands free to hold the rope.” Everest, 1933, p 145.
On the second summit climb of the Chinese in 1975, the Chinese mountaineer Wang Hongbao saw an "English dead" (body) at . This news was officially denied by the Chinese Mountaineering Association (CMA), but this report to a Japanese climber, who passed it on to Tom Holzel led to the first Mallory and Irvine Research Expedition in 1986, which was unsuccessful due to bad weather.
In 1999, a new search expedition was mounted, founded by German Everest researcher Jochen Hemmleb, and led by Eric Simonson. Simonson had seen some very old oxygen bottles near the First Step during his first summit climb in 1991. One of these bottles was again found in 1999 and was one belonging to Mallory and Irvine, thus proving the two climbed at least as high as shortly below the First Step. Their location also suggests a climbing speed of approximately 275 vert-ft/hr, good time for the altitude and an indication the oxygen systems were working perfectly. The expedition also tried to reproduce Odell's position when he had seen Mallory and Irvine. The mountaineer Andy Politz later reported that they could clearly identify each of the three steps without any problems.
The most remarkable finding was the corpse of George Leigh Mallory at a height of . The lack of extreme injuries indicated he had not tumbled very far. His waist showed severe rope-jerk mottling, showing the two had been roped when they fell. Mallory's injuries were such that a walking descent was impossible: his right foot was nearly broken off and there was a golf ball-sized puncture wound in his forehead. Even though his unbroken leg was on top of the broken one, as if to protect it, Mass. General Hospital neurosurgeon Dr. Elliot Schwamm believes it not possible that he would have been conscious after the forehead injury. There was no oxygen equipment near the body, but the oxygen bottles would have been empty by that time and discarded at a higher altitude to relinquish the heavy load. Mallory was not wearing snow goggles, although a pair was stored in his vest, which may indicate that he was on the way back by night. However, a contemporary photograph shows he had two sets of goggles when he started his summit climb. The image of his wife Ruth which he intended to put on the summit was not in his vest. He carried the picture throughout the whole expedition—a sign that he might have reached the top. Since his Kodak pocket camera was not found, there is no proof of a successful climb to the summit.
First ascent?
From 1924 to this day, there are supporting claims and rumours that Mallory and Irvine had been successful and so were actually the first to summit Mount Everest. One counter argument claims that their fleece, vests and trousers were too poor quality. In 2006, Graham Hoyland climbed to 21,000 ft. in an exact reproduction of Mallory's original clothing. He said that it functioned very well and was quite comfortable.
However, human thermo-regulation expert Professor George Havenith of Loughborough University (UK), has tested a rigorously accurate recreation of Mallory's clothing in a weather chamber. His conclusion: "If the wind speed had picked up, a common feature of weather on Everest, 
the insulation of the clothing would only just be sufficient to minus -10C [+14F]. Mallory would not have survived any deterioration in conditions."
Odell's sighting is of especially high interest. The description of Odell's sighting and the current knowledge indicate Mallory's 5-minute surmounting of the Second Step is unlikely. This wall cannot be climbed as fast as described by Odell. Only the first and the third step can be climbed quickly. Odell said that they were at the foot of the summit pyramid, which contradicts a location at the First Step, but it is unlikely the pair could have started early enough to reach the Third Step by 12:50 p.m. Since the First Step is far away from the Third Step, confusing them is also not likely. One suggestion proposes Odell that confused a sighting of birds for climbers, as occurred with Eric Shipton in 1933.
This speculation also involves theories concerning whether Mallory and Irvine could have managed to climb the Second Step. Oscar Cadiach was the first to climb it in 1985 free and rated it V+. Conrad Anker led an experiment to free climb this section without using the “Chinese ladder” for assistance, since that equipment was not installed in 1924. In 1999, he did not manage a complete free climb as he put one foot briefly on the ladder when it blocked the only available foothold. At that time he rated the difficulty of the Second Step as 5.10—well outside of Mallory's capability. In June 2007, Anker returned as a member of the Altitude Everest Expedition 2007, and with Leo Houlding successfully free-climbed the Second Step, after removing the “Chinese ladder” (which was later replaced).[http://www.reuters.com/article/domesticNews/idUSDEL28082020070614] Houlding rated the climb at 5.9, just within Mallory's estimated capabilities. Theo Fritsche climbed the step free solo on-sight in 2001 and rated it V+.
An argument against the possible summit claim is the long distance from high camp VI to the summit. It is normally not possible to reach the summit before dark after starting in daylight. It was not until 1990 that Ed Viesturs was able to reach the top from an equivalent distance as Mallory and Irvine planned. In addition, Viesturs knew the route, while for Mallory and Irvine it was completely unknown territory. Finally, Irvine was not an experienced climber and it is considered unlikely that Mallory had put his friend into such danger or would have aimed for the summit without calculating the risks.
How and where exactly the two climbers lost their lives is still unknown.
Modern climbers who take a very similar route start their summit bid from high camp at around midnight to avoid the risk of a second night on the descent or a highly risky bivouac without the protection of a tent. They also use headlamps during the dark, a technology which was not used by the early British climbers.

</doc>
<doc id="20562345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562345" title="Héritier">
Héritier

Héritier (from the French word "héritier" meaning "heir") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20562360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562360" title="Testacella maugei">
Testacella maugei

Testacella maugei is a species of air-breathing, carnivorous land slug, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Testacellidae, the shelled slugs.

</doc>
<doc id="20562380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562380" title="Kill off">
Kill off

The killing off of a character is a device in fiction, whereby a character dies, but the story continues. The term, frequently applied to television, film and chronological series, often denotes an untimely or unexpected death motivated by factors beyond the storyline. It also implies a critical or cynical attitude towards a work, and is rarely used by authors when discussing their own works.
In productions featuring actors, the unwillingness or inability of an actor to continue with the production, for financial or other reasons (including illness, death, or producers' unwillingness to retain an actor), may lead to that character being "killed off" or removed from the storyline.
Examples.
Film.
Until the 1980s and 1990s, Hollywood film plots featuring death and danger, such as action or horror, were criticised for killing off secondary black characters prematurely to advance the plot, leading to accusations of tokenism; examples include "The Shining" and the "Alien" series. However, with more black actors in starring roles since the 1990s, this trend is thought to have decreased – numerous American films and television series have also made knowing references to the idea as a cliché. One of the first films to notably avoid this cliche at least partially was 1968's Night of the Living Dead, which cast Duane Jones in the lead role and the last of the characters to be killed. However, the fact that he is killed at all is still considered problematic. Director George Romero has been quoted as saying that he cast Jones not because he was African-American, but because he "simply gave the best audition", implying that his character would have been killed regardless of his race.
Television.
Because of the episodic format of television shows, audience feedback and approval is often a factor in whether or not a character is killed off. Executive Producer of LOST Damon Lindelof has been quoted as saying that despite the widespread hate for two abruptly introduced and widely disliked characters, "We had a plan when we introduced them, and we didn't get to fully execute that plan. But when the plan is executed, will be iconic characters on the show". He was referring, of course, to their deaths, which received an extremely positive reaction from fans. Although their lack of popularity was acknowledged even in-universe, Lindelof's insistence that they would serve a purpose within the show seems characteristic of the earlier assertion that creators dislike acknowledging a cynical attitude towards the killing of their own characters. In an example of a character being killed off as a result of an actor leaving the show, Raymond Cruz's character Tuco Salamanca on "Breaking Bad" was killed off because he found the part too difficult to play.
The Palestinian children's character Farfur (a Mickey Mouse lookalike) is an example of a character "killed off" for political reasons in 2007. After the program received criticism from some government ministers in both Palestine and Israel for espousing anti-Israeli sentiments, the Farfur character was killed off. Even his death, at the hands of an "Israeli agent," making Farfur a "martyr," was similarly politicised.
Because of the ongoing nature of most television series, and the resulting cast changes that result, television characters are typically more prone to being killed off than those in other media. For example, John Ritter's character in "8 Simple Rules" was written to have died off screen after Ritter himself died during taping of the show. The British sitcom "In Sickness and in Health" similarly killed off Else Garnett, one of the leads of the programme, due to the death of the actress who played her, Dandy Nichols. In other programs, the series may initially explain that a given character was "away" or somewhere else and thus not present, or initially not explain the death, but then the character's death is acknowledged later. This was the case for "Chico and the Man" (following the death of series star Freddie Prinze) and "Sesame Street" (after the actor who played Mr. Hooper, Will Lee, died in 1982).
In "Being Human" all of the original starting characters were killed off by the end of the fourth season.
"Two and a Half Men"'s ninth season opened with Charlie Harper's funeral. The character had been killed off due to disagreements between Charlie Sheen and the producers of the show. Similarly, Norman Lear reluctantly killed off Edith Bunker, one of the stars of "All in the Family" and "Archie Bunker's Place", after actress Jean Stapleton decided to quit the series. Also, the titular character Prue Halliwell was killed off at the end of the third season of "Charmed" due to the departure of actress Shannen Doherty, which is commonly attributed to rumors of her having off-screen conflicts between producers and co-stars.
Priceline.com apparently killed off its lead character, the "Priceline Negotiator" (portrayed by longtime company spokesman William Shatner), in an advertisement during Super Bowl XLVI. The killing off, however, turned out to be a hoax, as Shatner returned with his protégé (portrayed by Kaley Cuoco) in later commercials.
Brian Griffin, the talking dog on "Family Guy", was killed off in the Season 12 episode, 'Life of Brian' and was replaced with a new dog, Vinny, voiced by Tony Sirico. Fans of the show were devastated and started a petition in order to bring back Brian. However, Brian was brought back to life two episodes later, in the Christmas episode, Christmas Guy, where Stewie Griffin travels back in time to prevent Brian from being struck by the car that killed him. Creator Seth MacFarlane tweeted on Twitter shortly after the episode aired, saying: "And thus endeth our warm, fuzzy, holiday lesson: Never take those you love for granted, or they can be gone in a flash. I mean, you didn't think we'd kill off Brian did you? Jesus we'd have to be fucking high."
Comic books.
Death is a frequently used dramatic device in comic book fiction, and in particular superhero fiction. Unlike stories in television or film, character deaths are rarely by unforeseen behind-the-scenes events, as there is no analogous situation to having actors portraying characters. Instead, characters are typically killed off as part of the story, or occasionally by editorial mandate to generate publicity for a title. A number of factors often mean that these changes are not permanent. Due to extremely long print runs, the popularity of these characters (with writers and fans) and occasionally rights issues for using the character in licensed adaptations, characters are often brought back to life by later writers. This can happen either as a depiction of their literal resurrection or by retcon, a revision which changes earlier continuity and establishes the character not to have died in the first place. This phenomenon is known as the comic book death. Killing off a main character such as Superman, Batman or Captain America can often lead to an uptick in publicity for a comic book, as well as high sales for the story in which they are inevitably brought back to life.
Some writers have also criticized the trend for killing off supporting characters, particularly when female characters are killed off brutally to elicit a strong reaction in the male protagonist. This is known as the Women in Refrigerators trope.

</doc>
<doc id="20562409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562409" title="Erbil (disambiguation)">
Erbil (disambiguation)

Arbil (also written Erbil or Irbil; BGN: Arbīl; Kurdish: , "Hewlêr"; , "Arbīl";; Syriac: ܐܪܒܝܠ, "Arbela", Turkish: Erbil) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20562418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562418" title="Wilhelm Kunst">
Wilhelm Kunst

Wilhelm Kunst (2 February 1799 in Hamburg - 16 or 17 November 1859 in Vienna) was a celebrated German actor who provoked quite varied opinions. He was born to play heroic rolls, but some thought, due to lack of study, or perhaps too much of the comedian's touch, Kunst did not do well in roles that required subtlety and excellence in acting. He did better in lower-rated versions of a particular plot, for example being suited to lesser translations of Shakespeare rather than first-rate ones; but in the plays he excelled at, for example "Otto von Wittelsbach", he was quite stunning. He first played major roles in Lübeck and worked his way up to the Viennese stage. During his heyday, he did quite well economically, but ended his career in poverty. In 1825, he married the actress Sophie Schröder.

</doc>
<doc id="20562428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562428" title="Venus Theatre">
Venus Theatre

The Venus Theatre is a major American regional theater in Laurel, Maryland. The theater was founded by Deborah Randall in 2001. The theatrical company is currently the largest production company in Maryland focused primarily on the retelling and adaptation of classics. Past productions have won the Maryland Theatrical Association's Best Drama Prize in 2002 and 2005. The current musical director is Alan Scott.
Recent productions include Shakespeare's "Measure for Measure" and "On Thin Ice". The theater's annual "retro-classic" new works series for 2009 is scheduled to feature Chris Wind's "Not Such Stuff", Julia Homokay's "Homokay's Medea", Vanda's "Why'd Ya Make Me Wear This, Joe", and Jacob M. Appel's "Helen of Sparta" 

</doc>
<doc id="20562429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562429" title="Legacy hero">
Legacy hero

A legacy hero is a type of character, usually a superhero, that is the descendant or relative of an already or previously existing hero who either inherits or adopts the name and attributes of the original.
One of the earliest examples of this character type was comic strip hero The Phantom, assumed to be immortal by his enemies but in fact various members of a single family, the descendants of Christopher Walker.
The term is used most often to refer to characters published by DC and Marvel comics. Family franchises such as DC's Atom, Black Canary, Captain Marvel, The Flash, Green Lantern, Hawkman, Hawkwoman, The Ray and Robin or Marvel's Black Knight, Captain America and Captain Marvel have seen several characters take up the name and abilities of the original.
In the video games series, "Assassin´s Creed," many of the game´s characters are descended from bloodlines of Assassins.
In the "Star Wars" saga, Luke Skywalker can be considered a Legacy hero, becoming a Jedi, like his father before him.
Legacy villain.
In opposition, there have been legacy villains in fiction as well. In comics, examples are DC's Blockbuster, Captain Boomerang, and Clayface; Marvel's Green Goblin, Mysterio, and Venom.
One of the best examples exists in Disney's "Gargoyles", as a multi-generational line of villains known as "the Hunter", originates with the TV series' fictionalized depiction of the historic Gille Coemgáin of Moray as a boy. The young "Gillecomegain", as he is known within the series' storyline, is confronted by the evil female gargoyle Demona and slashed by her on his face, and the trio of slash wound scars on Gillecomegain's face, carried by him for the rest of his life as he seeks his revenge on the female gargoyle, becomes part of the "Hunter" disguise for succeeding examples of the Demona-hunting antagonists.

</doc>
<doc id="20562437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562437" title="Sendio">
Sendio

Sendio is an Newport Beach, California-based e-mail security company. The privately held company was founded in 2004 by Tal Golan, who currently serves as the company’s President and CTO. By using Sender Address Verification technology, Sendio provides an e-mail security solution which stops spam, viruses, malware, phishing attacks and unsolicited e-mail from reaching the e-mail inbox. In February 2007, Sendio received $4 million in venture capital funding from Vicente Capital, Shepherd Ventures and Athenian Venture Partners. Former Microsoft CIO Rick Devenuti was appointed to the Board of Directors at Sendio in 2007. 
Sendio customers include Central DuPage Hospital, Arnerich Massena, Inc., The Leading Hotels of the World, Penn State and Sentinel Real Estate Corporation.
Technology.
Sendio’s E-mail Security Platform, (formerly named I.C.E. Box) is an appliance solution which eliminates spam and viruses. The E-mail Security Platform (ESP) uses a verification model with first-time, unsolicited senders and scans for viruses and phishing in both directions. Outbound message recipients are added to the user’s personal accept contact list. Once authenticated, all subsequent messages from that sender are assured of reaching the recipient’s inbox. 
ESP combines Silverlisting, a technology which includes a set of low-level SMTP tests to determine the legitimacy of the sending e-mail server, and Sender Address Verification, which verifies the authenticity of first-time, unsolicited senders, and introduces a human element into the process. This combination of Silverlisting and SAV prevents 100% of spam. 
ESP employs a verification model similar to the one embraced by millions of social networking users, such as Facebook and LinkedIn, and the “buddy” list model used by leading instant messaging providers such as Skype, Yahoo!, Google and AOL.
Recognition.
Sendio’s I.C.E. Box was named the "Best of the Best" product of the year in 2006 by Government Computer News and as the eMail Integrity Award Winner 2007 by Tomorrow's Technology Today. 
Sendio was named an as an emerging vendor by CRN Magazine in the security technology sector in June 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20562453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562453" title="Louis de Culant">
Louis de Culant

Admiral Louis de Culant (or Culan) (1360–1444) was a French nobleman and Admiral of France. He held the titles of Baron of Châteauneuf-sur-Cher, Lord of Culant and Ainay-le-Vieil. As Lord of Culant, the Château de Culan, a medieval fortress built in the 12th-15th centuries, which overlooks the valley of the Arnon belonged to him.
Personal life.
De Culant's family included brother John Culant, Lord of Crete; nephew Philippe de Culant, Marshal of France; and nephew Charles de Culant († ca.1451), Grand Master of France, who plotted a conspiracy against him. He was also cousin to Jean de Brosse, the royal army's commander, Marshall of Boussac and Sainte-Sévère, with whom he fought alongside as lieutenant during the Hundred Years' War.
Career.
De Culant and De Brosse were chosen to accompany Joan of Arc at the head of a troupe that joined the bulk of the forces royal march on Orleans, participating in the Battle of Orleans. From Orleans to Paris, De Culant fought on land with Joan of Arc.
He served as Admiral of France in 1421 through 1437 when he lost office because of allegations of misappropriation of public funds. De Culant participated in several other battles, including those at Beaugency, Jargeau, Meung, and Patay.

</doc>
<doc id="20562510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562510" title="Bánkút (Nagyvisnyó)">
Bánkút (Nagyvisnyó)

Bánkút is a ski resort in Northern Hungary in the Bükk National Park. It lies 32 km west from Miskolc and 800–930 metres above sea level; officially belongs to the village of Nagyvisnyó.
It has six ski trails of various difficulty and two beginner slopes, its eight ski lifts can lift 2000 persons per hour. There are two cross-country ski trails, 3.5 km and 8 km long. In ski season MVK Zrt., the public transport company of Miskolc operates a bus line between the city's Diósgyőr district and Bánkút.
There are three cross country ski courses - 3.5, 5 and 8 kilometres long.

</doc>
<doc id="20562545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562545" title="Aqua Flow">
Aqua Flow

Aqua Flow is a retail online operation that supplies artists and various industries with airbrush inks and paints. It began as a screen printing shop (Chevy Shirts) in 1980. Its production and research offices were located on Bradley Street in Carrollton, Georgia. Aqua Flow is the primary supplier of IllumaAir, Lacquerol and BodyAir airbrush inks and paints. It is still owned by the founder, Donald Warren.
BodyAir is a paint that is formulated for extended skin painting. 
Typically 10 day durability with care is achievable, BodyAir paints can be used for temporary tattoos and party painting, sports logos etc.
IllumaAir and Lacquerol are both formulated as environmentally friendly removable paints.
The removable paint is a new direction for the ink and paint industry, a paint that for all practical purposes looks and feels like a conventional paint but has the unique ability to be easily and quickly removed at one's discretion. Lacquerol (ethyl alcohol base) paint stands up to automotive applications, it is also wet sandable and can produce a mirror glamour gloss finish.IllumaAir is a waterbase version of Lacquerol and works on a variety of surfaces. It is not as resilient as Lacquerol.
In Australia, IllumaAir was used to mark a 20 mile blue stripe along a Melbourne Route for marathon runners to follow in the year 2007. After the race the stripe was removed by simply applying a remover and using street sweepers to wash it away. The paint will hold retro reflective beads very well for highly visible night markings. 
This Product is great for indoor and outdoor side walks, walls, and floors. You can create awesome 3D artwork that is water resistant will last until you decide to remove it by simply applying a remover liquid and safely washing it away.
In the spring of 2009 Aqua Flow began development of a new product they call Knock Out, this product allows artist to conquer black and dark shirt painting. This paint looks like typical textile paints when applied to a dark shirt, it soaks in a bit and produces little color but wow when it is heat pressed or ironed at 330 F. for 10 seconds bam.. the colors explode brightly. The black shirt has been conquered.

</doc>
<doc id="20562569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562569" title="I Will (Jimmy Wayne song)">
I Will (Jimmy Wayne song)

"I Will" is a song written by Dave Pahanish and Rory Lee Feek, and recorded by American country music artist Jimmy Wayne. It was released in October 2008 as the second single from Wayne's album "Do You Believe Me Now", his sixth Top 40 country hit, and his eighth overall single release.
Content.
"I Will" is a mid-tempo power ballad mostly accompanied by piano and electric guitar, with more of a country pop sound. Its lyrics show a man who wants to show his lover that he loves her, and that he is willing to do anything for her.
The radio edit shortens the intro, and omits the final chorus.
Reception.
Brady Vercher of The 9513 gave the song a "thumbs down" review. Vercher criticized the song for being overproduced and not sounding country. He also considered Wayne's vocals "hyper-excitable" and said that the lyric "hardly offers anything and comes across as too melodramatic in the process." It was given a C- rating by Country Universe critic Blake Boldt, who criticized the production as well, calling it an "overanxious rush to go nowhere." He also thought that Wayne's voice sounded strained on the song.
Deborah Evans Price of "Billboard" gave the song a more favorable review, saying "the lyric is a beautiful statement of love and devotion that provides an ideal showcase for Wayne's soulful vocals." "I Will" was also described favorably by "Country Standard Time" critic Jessica Phillips, who called it "soaring" and "heartfelt."
Music video.
A music video was filmed for the song in November 2008. Directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions, it starts out with Wayne and a woman (played by Tiffani McCarter) walking out towards a taxi, and they hug before she leaves. It then alternates between scenes of Wayne singing the song in a small room, him playing guitar in front of many lights, and his lover having pictures taken.
Chart performance.
"I Will" debuted at #52 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of October 25, 2008, and entered the Top 40 in its third chart week. It charted for a total of 28 weeks, and peaked at #18 on the country chart dated April 4, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20562575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562575" title="Don't Ask Me (Heli Simpson song)">
Don't Ask Me (Heli Simpson song)

"Don't Ask Me" is the debut and first single by Heli Simpson. The single is the latest of "The Saddle Club" cast member to release a single. The single had fared quite well in Australia. Heli Simpson's second CD Single is "Princess Veronica Tour EP" which was also released in 2004.
Charts.
The single debuted and peaked at #16 on the ARIA Singles chart, before taking a plunge to #28 the following week. It then fell to #40, before making a 13 spot rise to #27, then #35 then exiting the top 50 for the last time.

</doc>
<doc id="20562597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562597" title="Minuscule 25">
Minuscule 25

Minuscule 25 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A139 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. It has marginalia (incomplete) and was adapted for liturgical use.
Description.
The codex contains a text of the four Gospels on 292 thick parchment leaves (), with considerable lacunae. The text is written in one column per page, biblical text in 13 lines per page, text of commentary in 42 lines per page, in brown ink. The capital letters are in red ink.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is no another division according to the Ammonian Sections with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains Prolegomena, lists of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each of the Gospels, lectionary markings at the margin for liturgical use (partially), and a commentary (Mark – Victorinus). 
Grandly written, but very imperfect.
Lacunae:
Matthew Mt 1:1-4:25; 23:1-25:42; 26:43-55; 28:10-20; Luke 20:19-22:46; John 12:40-13:1; 15:24-16:12; 18:16-28; 20:19-21:19-25.
It has errors by iota subscriptum.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V. It was not examined by Claremont Profile Method.
History.
The manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 11th-century.
It was examined and described by Griesbach, Scholz, and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 191) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20562601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562601" title="Joseph Marius Babo">
Joseph Marius Babo

Joseph Marius Babo (January 14, 1756 in Ehrenbreitstein - February 5, 1822 in Munich). As a dramatist, Babo preferred action based on history. In "Otto von Wittelsbach", written in 1781, he followed the path blazed by Goethe in "Götz von Berlichingen". Sometimes one could see he was acquainted with Shakespeare. He filled a variety of pedagogical and bureaucratic roles related to the theater over his life.

</doc>
<doc id="20562639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562639" title="The Protomen (album)">
The Protomen (album)

The Protomen is the debut album release by indie rock band The Protomen. It is a rock opera loosely based on the Mega Man video game series, and the first volume of a planned series of albums on this theme. The follow-up, "", was released on September 8, 2009.
Critical and press reception.
While the album has yet to be reviewed by major music publications, it has received favorable press from 1UP and The Escapist (in the form of an interview with the band).
Plot summary.
While the plot of the album is adapted from the Mega Man games, it takes substantial liberties with the original storyline, functioning as a dystopic reworking of the games' narrative. 
The album begins with a description of a dystopia ruled by Doctor Wily and his army of robots ("Hope Rides Alone"). Doctor Light apparently works for Wily's government, but by night he builds a robot to lead a rebellion against Wily -- Proto Man. After twelve years, when Proto Man is finished, he is sent to fight Wily's forces and liberate mankind—however, after defeating many of Wily's robots Proto Man is weakened, and the robot army launches a final assault. The human masses, too frightened of Wily to assist Proto Man, allow him to die. Proto Man's funeral is held. In Doctor Light's grief, he sets about destroying his laboratory, instead building a new robot, Mega Man. ("Funeral for a Son").
Years later, people still talk about Proto Man, and Doctor Light knows that Mega Man will soon find out about his brother. To dissuade Mega Man from attempting to rebel against Wily, Light tells Mega Man Proto Man's story, and explains that the people have "chosen their own end" -- they will not fight to save themselves ("Unrest in The House of Light"). Mega Man angrily defies Light ("The Will of One") and sets out to defeat Wily on his own, finding Proto Man's grave-site, and amassing a crowd of people as he marches towards Wily's fortress, seeking to avenge his brother's death and to "finish what was started, the fight of Proto Man" ("Vengeance"). After crushing many of Wily's robots, however, Mega Man discovers that Proto Man never died—he now defends Wily, who has repaired him. Proto Man declares that mankind does not deserve to be saved if they will not stand for themselves, telling Mega Man that all men are cowardly, and will never fight for themselves ("The Stand"). The two raise their weapons against each other, and argue angrily, Mega Man slowly being convinced by his brother that humanity isn't worth saving ("Sons of Fate"). Confused and encouraged by human onlookers crying out "Destroy him, you can save us, you're our only hope, kill Proto Man", Mega Man delivers a mortal wound to his brother, who tells him before he dies that humanity may one day realize how to save itself. Distraught by the grief of killing his brother, Mega Man flees from the fortress, leaving the crowd of people that had gathered to watch the battle to be slaughtered by Wily's robots.

</doc>
<doc id="20562656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562656" title="Lochhman Garhi">
Lochhman Garhi

Lochhman Garhi is a village in Dehradun district of Uttarakhand, India. The Indian Military College was founded there in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20562670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562670" title="Libyan Third Division">
Libyan Third Division

The Libyan Third Division is the third tier of Libyan football, organised by the Libyan Football Federation.
System.
The clubs are sorted into regional groups. The top team in each region is promoted to the Libyan Second Division. Some of the bigger regions (e.g. Tripoli, Benghazi, Jabal al Akhdar and Sirte) can have as many as three clubs promoted to the second tier.

</doc>
<doc id="20562672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562672" title="Orhan Kapucu">
Orhan Kapucu

Club career.
Kapucu played for Fenerbahçe S.K., Diyarbakırspor, Samsunspor and Malatyaspor in the Turkish Süper Lig.
International career.
Kapucu made one appearance for the senior Turkey national football team, a qualifying match for Euro 1988 against Northern Ireland on 12 November 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20562693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562693" title="Russell Pascoe">
Russell Pascoe

Russell Pascoe (1940 – 17 December 1963) was (along with his 22-year-old accomplice Dennis Whitty) the third-last prisoner to be executed by hanging in a British prison. He was 23 years old.
Pascoe was executed at 8.00 am in Bristol's Horfield Prison on Tuesday, 17 December 1963 for his part in the murder of 64-year-old Cornish farmer William Garfield Rowe. Pascoe and Whitty had believed that Rowe kept a fortune hidden on his farm, Nanjarrow Farm, Constantine, near Falmouth.
Background.
During 1963, Whitty and 23-year-old Pascoe were living with three young women in a caravan at Kenwyn Caravan Park, on the outskirts of Truro, Cornwall. Whitty was working as a labourer at Truro Gas Works. Pascoe had previously worked as a labourer at Nanjarrow Farm and knew the farmer, William Rowe. Rowe was somewhat reclusive, living in the untidy sitting room of his farmhouse, the four bedrooms unoccupied after his mother and brother had died. Local rumour held that Rowe had a large sum of money concealed on the premises, and he had been the victim of a robbery in 1960, during which £200 and some other items had been stolen.
The Murder.
On the night of Wednesday, 14 August 1963, Whitty and Pascoe travelled to Nanjarrow Farm on Pascoe's motorcycle. They were armed with a starting pistol, a knife and an iron bar. Whitty was wearing dark jeans and a dark, double-breasted blazer with silver buttons. When they knocked on Rowe's door at around 11.00 pm and the old man opened it, Whitty used this uniform-like clothing to support a story that they had crashed a helicopter nearby, and he asked to use Rowe's telephone. They then attacked Rowe; Whitty with the knife and Pascoe with the iron bar, leaving the farmer dead with six or seven wounds to the head, a fractured skull, a broken jaw, a severed finger and five chest wounds, including one knife wound to the heart. They searched the house for the money (Rowe did keep the sum of £3000 in his farmhouse), but came away with only £4 that Pascoe found in a piano, and Whitty's haul of a watch, two boxes of matches and some keys.
Whitty and Pascoe split the money and took £2 each, returning to the caravan at Truro. The girls they lived with later testified that Whitty was "grinning all over his face", and that Pascoe was seen wiping blood from Whitty's face. The following day, Pascoe's girlfriend confronted Whitty with a copy of the evening newspaper, which contained details of Rowe's murder. She asked Whitty, "You went to Constantine. Did you do this?" Whitty replied, "Yes I did." The girl later claimed that Whitty and Pascoe threatened to kill the girls if they told anyone what they knew.
Arrest, trial and execution.
On 16 August 1963, a policeman saw Pascoe riding his motorcycle in Constantine, stopped him and asked him to report for routine questioning at the murder headquarters. Pascoe claimed that he had been in the caravan in Truro at the time of the murder, but when Pascoe admitted knowing Rowe and working for him in the past, the police realised that Pascoe had worked for Rowe at the time of the robbery in 1960. Whitty was then also brought in for questioning. The following day, each man was questioned and told that they were suspected of committing the murder.
Whitty and Pascoe each blamed each other, with Whitty accusing Pascoe of beating Rowe with the iron bar, and then forcing Whitty to use the knife. Whitty admitted stabbing Rowe but stated, "Pascoe made me stick him." Pascoe told the police that Whitty had instigated the attack, admitting only to knocking Rowe out with the iron bar. He claimed that Whitty "went mad with the knife", then took the bar from Pascoe and repeatedly struck Rowe with it.
When charged and cautioned, Whitty replied, "We are both over twenty-one, so I suppose we can hang?" He subsequently gave a written statement outlining the events on the night of the murder, and his claim that Pascoe had forced him into continuing the attack on Rowe.
At the trial at Bodmin Assizes, beginning on 29 October, the murder was described as "brutal and savage in the extreme". The jury debated for four and a half hours before returning with guilty verdicts for both Whitty and Pascoe, and they were sentenced to death by the Judge, Mr Justice Thesiger. On 2 November 1963, the two men were driven to separate prisons: Whitty to Winchester Prison and Pascoe to Horfield Prison in Bristol.
The Scottish writer Robert Douglas was then a prison guard assigned to help look after Pascoe in the condemned cell at Horfield Prison during Pascoe's final days, the story of which formed part of the third volume of Douglas's autobiography (entitled "At Her Majesty's Pleasure").
On 23 November 1963, Whitty and Pascoe's appeals were heard and rejected by the Court of Appeal, and the executions were set for Tuesday, 17 December. Clemency was refused first by Home Secretary Henry Brooke and then by the Queen.
Pascoe was hanged by Harry Allen on 17 December, at the same time as Whitty was being hanged at Winchester Prison by Robert Leslie Stewart. Shortly afterwards, both men were buried in unmarked graves within the walls of the prisons where they had been executed, as was the custom. Only two more prisoners would be subsequently executed in Britain, both in August 1964.
At Rowe's farmhouse, police found a small diary in a desk, with descriptive notes written in Esperanto, referring to the whereabouts of various sums of money. Having translated the notes, the executors of Rowe's will used them to find a number of caches of money, including in a safe set in concrete, covered by straw in a cowshed; and a large glass jar containing hundreds of banknotes, hidden elsewhere on the property. The full amount that was eventually found was not revealed, but was referred to as "thousands of pounds".
Pascoe's last moments were the subject of a BBC documentary in 2012, presented by Gethin Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="20562714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562714" title="Learning to Live (Without Your Love)">
Learning to Live (Without Your Love)

"Learning To Live (Without Your Love)" is a duet by the English dance singer Rick Astley and O'chi Brown. The song was originally released in 1986 as an album track on Brown's album "O'Chi". Astley was uncredited on the album and received no royalties.
When Rick Astley achieved worldwide success with his 1987 debut single "Never Gonna Give You Up", Magnetic Records released the duet as a single in October 1987 to cash-in on his success. The single however failed to chart in the UK. The b-side, "Another Broken Heart", is a Brown solo track.

</doc>
<doc id="20562718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562718" title="Upon the Circumcision">
Upon the Circumcision

Upon the Circumcision is an ode by John Milton that was possibly written in 1633 and first published in 1645. It discusses the Feast of the Circumcision of Christ and connects Christ's Incarnation with his Crucifixion.
Background.
The exact date of composition is unknown, but it is possible that Milton wrote the ode while attending Christ's College, Cambridge, and it is commonly dated to 1633. However, the ode, along with "The Passion (Milton)" and "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity", were first published in 1645, and they are found within a manuscript that was not started before May 1634. They were composed during a time in which Milton became deeply concerned with Scripture but also one who still relies on myth. They were written during a time of experimentation in genre and subject for Milton.
Poem.
Milton begins his poem by invoking the angels, and he claims that they too would need to cry along with mankind:
The final lines connect the act of Circumcision to Christ's Passion:
Themes.
"Upon the Circumcision" with "The Passion" and "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity" form a set of poems that celebrates important Christian events: Christ's birth, the feast of the Circumcision, and Good Friday. The topic of these poems places them within a genre of Christian literature popular during the 17th century and places Milton alongside of poets like John Donne, Richard Crashaw, and George Herbert. However, Milton's poetry reflects the origins of his anti-William Laud and anti-Church of England based religious beliefs. 
Although the other poems in the series tend to be commonplace in theme with Milton's contemporaries, the topic of Christ's Circumcision is rare. Of these poems, Herrick discusses the Circumcision as a somber moment during the festive Twelve Days of Christmas. Milton's poem is convention and Milton connects the Circumcision with Christ's Incarnation by describing the removal of flesh as linking Christ to his human identity. The poem's final moments, of linking the Circumcision with the Crucifixion, is a common theme within Circumcision poems, including the description in Cartwright's and Francis Quarles's poems. However, Milton's, unlike some others, fails to mention the Virgin Mary in relationship to the infant Jesus.

</doc>
<doc id="20562720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562720" title="Elpis Academy">
Elpis Academy

Elpis Global Education Inc. comprises Elpis Academy (Learning Centre), Elpis College (Private High School).
Elpis College.
Elpis College is a fully inspected and accredited private school in the Province of Ontario since 2007. It means that its credits are recognized by all high schools, colleges, and universities in Ontario, and in other provinces. Elpis offers Ontario Secondary School Credit Courses based on the Ministry curriculum. Students who enroll in our programs get the credits they need to earn their diplomas. Missisauga Campus (BSID#881900) and North York Campus (BSID#884452).
Administrative Staff.
David Jinman Kim, Principal
Esther Kim, Counsellor
Christine Hernandez, Counsellor and Administrative Assistant
Achievements.
2011 - 2012
Math Competitions 
Science Competitions
SAT I & II, AP Exam
2002 - 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20562721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562721" title="Princess Veronica">
Princess Veronica

Princess Veronica is the debut and only album released by "The Saddle Club" cast member Heli Simpson. The album includes Simpson's debut single, "Don't Ask Me".
Charts.
The album only spent one week inside the top 100 Australian albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20562731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562731" title="2009 Speedway Ekstraliga">
2009 Speedway Ekstraliga

The 2009 Speedway Ekstraliga (known as the CenterNet Mobile Speedway Ekstraliga for sponsorship reasons) is the 10th Speedway Ekstraliga season, the top division of Team Speedway Polish Championship. The Ekstraliga have eight teams competing (six the top teams from 2008 season and two the top teams from 2008 First League. The first fixtures of the season are scheduled for April 5, 2009, and the season will end on October 18 or 25, 2009. The defending Polish champion are Unibax Toruń, who won in 2008 after defeating Unia Leszno in the play-off final.

</doc>
<doc id="20562738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562738" title="Ahmed bin Saif Al Nahyan">
Ahmed bin Saif Al Nahyan

Ahmed bin Saif Al Nahyan (born 7 November 1963) is a member of the Al Nahyan family in the United Arab Emirates and the founder and was the chairman of Etihad Airways. Prior to that, in 1992, Ahmed was the under-secretary of Abu Dhabi's Civil Aviation Authority. From 2001 to 2009 he was the Chairman of GAMCO. In addition, for a period of one year (2007–2008) he was also the Chairman of the Department of Civil Aviation, Abu Dhabi. 
He was is also a former CEO of Gulf Air from January 1996 until December 2000. Furthermore, he is a qualified commercial captain, flying Airbus 340 and Boeing 767 of Gulf Air. Moreover, he also trained pilots in the UAE armed forces on Boeing 767s and flew C130s in the air force of the United Arab Emirates.
Early life and education.
Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saif Al Nahyan is a member of the ruling family of Abu Dhabi. Born in Al Ain in 1967, Shiekh Ahmed graduated from United Arab Emirates University in Al Ain. He went on to complete his Masters at the University of Southern California and gained a Doctorate degree in Egypt. Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saif is a member of the Abu Dhabi Executive Council and was Chairman of Abu Dhabi Aircraft Technologies, a post he has held since 2001. Currently, chairman of Rotana Jet Aviation. 
He received the prestigious 'Innovation in Business' award at a ceremony held at the Future Capitals World Summit in Abu Dhabi in January 2009.
"The growth during 2008, Etihad's fifth year of operations, saw passenger numbers total 6,021,931 and the average seat factor rise from 68% to 75%. The airline has also taken delivery of nine new aircraft boosting its fleet to a total of 42.
Etihad launched six new routes in 2008 - Beijing, Minsk, Almaty, Kozhikode, Chennai and Moscow - as well as signing a record order of $43bn at the Farnborough International Airshow for up to 205 Airbus and Boeing aircraft. 
Etihad's Chairman along with the airline's CEO, James Hogan, signed one of the largest aircraft orders in commercial aviation history in July at the Farnborough air show in the UK for up to 205 aircraft in a deal worth $43bn, at list prices."(1)
He set up Etihad Airways in 2003 and held the post of Chairman until May 2009. During his chairmanship Etihad Airways received numerous awards.(2) Additionally, H.H. captain Ahmed Bin Saif is currently flying the Airbus A340 of Etihad Airways, and two private Jet Aircraft; the G450 and the Falcon90.
He was the member of Executive Council of Abu Dhabi.

</doc>
<doc id="20562761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562761" title="David Henry Friston">
David Henry Friston

David Henry Friston (1820–1906) was a British illustrator and figure painter in the Victorian Era. He is best remembered as the creator of the first illustrations of Sherlock Holmes in 1887, as well as his illustrations of the controversial female vampire story "Carmilla" (1872). He is also remembered for his illustrations accompanying reviews of Gilbert and Sullivan operas and plays of W. S. Gilbert in "The Illustrated London News" and the "Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News" in the 1870s and 1880s.
Biography.
Friston produced illustrations and artworks from the 1850s to the late 1880s. His professional career appears to have started by 1853, when he exhibited "Mazeppa" at the Royal Academy of Art. Friston exhibited at the Royal Academy of Art a total of 14 times between 1853 and 1869, though he was never a member of the Academy. He also exhibited at least six examples of his work at the British Institute (between 1854 and 1867). In their critical companion to the 1858 Royal Academy of Arts exhibition, the Council of Four record the presence of Friston's work "A Rising Artist", in the West Room of the galleries, noting of Friston "Considerable character in the boy
By 1863 Friston had started making illustrations for various books and periodicals, including "The Churchman's Family Magazine" (1863), "Tinsley's Magazine" (1867), extensively for "The Illustrated London News" between 1869 and 1878, "The Boys' Herald" and "Dark Blue" (1871–73). Among his earlier published works was a frontispiece for Emma Davenport's "Our Birthdays, and How to Improve Them" (1864). His illustrations for journals include many engravings accompanying reviews of the original productions of Gilbert and Sullivan operas or plays of W. S. Gilbert in the 1870s, including "The Princess" (1870), "Thespis" (1871), "The Wicked World" (1873), "The Realm of Joy" (1873), "The Happy Land" (1873), "Sweethearts" (1874), "Tom Cobb" (1875), "Trial by Jury" (1875), "H.M.S. Pinafore" (1878) and "Princess Ida" (1884). For Cassell, he illustrated an edition of John Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Progress". He also illustrated short stories such as the cult-classic female vampire story "Carmilla" (1872), "The Three Lieutenants" (1874) and "The Three Commanders" (1875) (the last two by William Henry Giles Kingston). For Groombridge, he illustrated a volume of children's stories called "The magnet stories for summer days and winter nights".
In 1887, Friston was chosen by Ward, Lock & Co. to draw the illustrations for the first edition of Arthur Conan Doyle's first Sherlock Holmes novel, "A Study in Scarlet", which was also the first Sherlock Holmes adventure. Friston created four pictures for the story, which were engraved by W.M.R. Quick, and published in the 1887 issue of "Beeton's Christmas Annual". Friston's pictures are acknowledged to be the first portraits of the Holmes character. The annual was issued in November at a price of one shilling and had sold out before Christmas. 
"The Bookman" of New York noted, in 1932, that Friston's Holmes had attracted some criticism: "For the initial appearance of a detective whose exploits were to be recorded for nearly forty years, a veteran illustrator of that day, D. H. Friston, was called upon. This first picture of Holmes would distress the devotees. Friston's Holmes is neither handsome nor intellectual". "The Bedside, Bathtub, and Armchair Companion to Sherlock Holmes" agreed and described his Holmes as "an outrage". It noted of the detail of Friston's creation: "His head and hands appear small, almost feminine, his sideburns are ridiculously long, and his figure is plump, dwarfed by the oversize coat. On his head appears a strange, rounded hat. This Holmes looks nothing like the detective we know".
Also in the late 1880s, Friston illustrated the work of the American Mary Noailles Murfree, writing as Charles Egbert Craddock.

</doc>
<doc id="20562765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562765" title="Dennis Whitty">
Dennis Whitty

Dennis John Whitty (1941 – 17 December 1963) was, along with his accomplice Russell Pascoe, the third-to-last prisoner to be executed by hanging in a British prison. Whitty had been convicted for his part in the murder of 64-year-old Cornish farmer William Garfield Rowe on 14 August 1963.
Murder of William Rowe.
Background.
During 1963, Whitty and 23-year-old Pascoe were living with three young women in a caravan at Kenwyn Caravan Park, on the outskirts of Truro, Cornwall. Whitty was working as a labourer at Truro Gas Works. Pascoe had previously worked as a labourer at Nanjarrow Farm, at Constantine, near Falmouth, and knew the farmer, William Rowe. Rowe was somewhat reclusive, living in the untidy sitting room of his farmhouse, the four bedrooms unoccupied after his mother and brother had died. Local rumour held that Rowe had a large sum of money concealed on the premises, and he had been the victim of a robbery in 1960, during which £200 and some other items had been stolen.
Murder.
On the night of Wednesday, 14 August 1963, Whitty and Pascoe travelled to Nanjarrow on Pascoe's motorcycle. They were armed with a starting pistol, a knife and an iron bar. Whitty was wearing dark jeans and a dark, double-breasted blazer with silver buttons. When they knocked on Rowe's door at around 11.00 pm and the old man opened it, Whitty used this uniform-like clothing to support a story that they had crashed a helicopter nearby, and he asked to use Rowe's telephone. They then attacked Rowe; Whitty with the knife and Pascoe with the iron bar, leaving the farmer dead with six or seven wounds to the head, a fractured skull, a broken jaw, a severed finger and five chest wounds, including one knife wound to the heart. They searched the house for the money, but came away with only £4 that Pascoe found in a piano, and Whitty's haul of a watch, two boxes of matches and some keys. They split the money and took £2 each, returning to the caravan at Truro. The girls they lived with later testified that Whitty was "grinning all over his face", and that Pascoe was seen wiping blood from Whitty's face. The following day, Pascoe's girlfriend confronted Whitty with a copy of the evening newspaper, which contained details of Rowe's murder. She asked Whitty, "You went to Constantine. Did you do this?" Whitty replied, "Yes I did." The girl later claimed that Whitty and Pascoe threatened to kill the girls if they told anyone what they knew.
Arrest and trial.
On 16 August, a policeman saw Pascoe riding his motorcycle in Constantine, stopped him and asked him to report for routine questioning at the murder headquarters. Pascoe claimed that he had been in the caravan in Truro at the time of the murder, but when Pascoe admitted knowing Rowe and working for him in the past, the police realised that Pascoe had worked for Rowe at the time of the robbery in 1960. Whitty was then also brought in for questioning. The following day, each man was questioned and told that they were suspected of committing the murder. 
Whitty and Pascoe each blamed each other, with Whitty accusing Pascoe of beating Rowe with the iron bar, and then forcing Whitty to use the knife. Whitty admitted stabbing Rowe but stated, "Pascoe made me stick him." Pascoe told the police that Whitty had instigated the attack, admitting only to knocking Rowe out with the iron bar. He claimed that Whitty "went mad with the knife", then took the bar from Pascoe and repeatedly struck Rowe with it.
When charged and cautioned, Whitty replied, "We are both over twenty-one, so I suppose we can hang?" He subsequently gave a written statement outlining the events on the night of the murder, and his claim that Pascoe had forced him into continuing the attack on Rowe.
At the trial at Bodmin Assizes, beginning on 29 October, the murder was described as "brutal and savage in the extreme". Whitty was defended by Mr Norman Skelhorn, QC, who entered a plea of 'not guilty'. Skelhorn claimed that Whitty had either been acting under the influence of Pascoe, or that Whitty's psychiatric background was such that he may be guilty of manslaughter on grounds of diminished responsibility. He clarified that Whitty was suffering from a hysterical condition and experienced blackouts. Whitty himself claimed that he had seen "strange and unnatural things", such as doors opening on their own and pictures changing places on walls overnight. He also said he believed in ghosts and had seen "a figure with wings" on a beach one night.
A key defence witness was 19-year-old student (and future Liberal Party politician) David Penhaligon, whose father was the owner of the caravan site where Pascoe and Whitty had been living with the three girls. He testified that Whitty was prone to epileptic fits which (Whitty claimed) caused him to be violent.
The jury debated for four and a half hours before returning with guilty verdicts for both Whitty and Pascoe, and they were sentenced to death by the Judge, Mr Justice Thesiger. On 2 November 1963, the two men were driven to separate prisons: Whitty to Winchester Prison and Pascoe to Horfield Prison in Bristol.
Appeal and execution.
On 23 November, Whitty and Pascoe's appeals were heard and rejected by the Court of Appeal, and the executions were set for Tuesday, 17 December. Clemency was refused first by Home Secretary Henry Brooke and then by the Queen.
Whitty was executed by Robert Leslie Stewart at Winchester at 8.00 am on 17 December and was buried in an unmarked grave within the walls of the prison. Pascoe was executed at Horfield by Harry Allen at exactly the same time. Only two more prisoners were subsequently executed in Britain, in August 1964: Peter Allen (hanged by Stewart) and Gwynne Evans (hanged by Allen), for the murder of John Alan West.
At Rowe's farmhouse, police found a small diary in a desk, with descriptive notes written in Esperanto, referring to the whereabouts of various sums of money. Having translated the notes, the executors of Rowe's will used them to find a number of caches of money, including in a safe set in concrete, covered by straw in a cowshed; and a large glass jar containing hundreds of banknotes, hidden elsewhere on the property. The full amount that was eventually found was not revealed, but was referred to as "thousands of pounds".
Pascoe's last moments were the subject of a BBC documentary in 2012, presented by Gethin Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="20562769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562769" title="Paul White (missionary)">
Paul White (missionary)

Paul Hamilton Hume White (26 February 1910 – 21 December 1992) was an Australian missionary, evangelist, radio program host and author.
Early life and missionary work.
White was born in Bowral, New South Wales. After studying medicine at the University of Sydney, he married Mary Bellingham and together they travelled to Tanganyika Territory (now part of Tanzania) as Church Missionary Society (CMS) missionaries in 1938, where White established a hospital at Mvumi Mission which soon replaced Kilimatinde as the main medical centre of the CMS mission in Tanganyika. 
White succeeded Dr Cyril Wallace as the medical secretary of the Diocese of Central Tanganyika in 1939. In 1941 after only two years in missionary work White had to return to Australia due to his wife's illness.
On the way home, he developed a boil in, to use his own words, 'a place which caused me to take a pillow, cut a hole in it, and sit very carefully (!)' Unable to take part in the shipboard entertainment he started to write. From this came his first missionary book, "Doctor of Tanganyika", which is factual and contains many photographs taken by White himself, to illustrate how missionary work was carried out under such primitive settings, with the local Chigogo people.
Published work.
Following his return to Australia, White went on to write "Jungle Doctor", the first in an extensive series bearing the same name, which have been translated into more than 80 languages. At the same time he began his Jungle Doctor radio program, which continued for 25 years. His books are based in Africa and depict African folklore and missionary adventure. Many of White's stories include moral teaching. They tell of surgical operations in the wild using the most basic equipment and the very colourful people of Africa, including his friend Daudi (David) Matama, and quite often striking against the village witchdoctors who relied on black magic to gain power. Several stories are tales of good winning against evil. Although the stories are fiction, they are based on fact, based on White's own, as well as other people's experiences.
Original editions were illustrated by Graham Wade, who also produced Jungle Doctor comic strips. White then authored six 'Fable' books, in the form of the traditional African 'round the fire' storytelling, incorporating Christian moral lessons. They are "Jungle Doctor's Fables", "Jungle Doctor's Tug of War", "Jungle Doctor's Monkey Tales", "Jungle Doctor's Hippo Happenings", "Jungle Doctor's Rhino Rumblings" and "Jungle Doctor Meets Mongoose".
Other work.
As well as pioneering Christian media in the form of both radio and television in Australia, White was active in student evangelism and is credited with revitalising evangelical Christian student groups in Australia after World War II. He became general secretary of the Intervarsity Fellowship in 1943. White also continued to practice medicine on a part-time basis right up until his death.
Death.
White died on 21 December 1992, aged 82. He is buried at St. Simon & St. Jude Anglican church in Bowral.

</doc>
<doc id="20562783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562783" title="Lokavibhaga">
Lokavibhaga

The Lokavibhaga is a Jain cosmological text originally composed in Prakrit by a Digambara monk, Sarvanandi, surviving in a Sanskrit version compiled by one Simhasuri. It contains the oldest known mention of numeral zero ("0") and the decimal positional system The discovery of the manuscript preserving the text was mentioned by the Archaeological Department of Mysore in their report for 1909-10.
The work was supposed to have been first given by word of mouth by Vardhamana, and is said to have been handed down through Sudharma and a succession of other teachers. Rishi Simhasuri or Simhasura made a translation of it, apparently from the Prakrit into Sanskrit.
The surviving manuscripts state that the original Prakrit work was written down by Sarvanandi at Patalika in the Banarastra on a certain day the astronomical details of which are given. It is further stated therein it was in Saka 380, corresponding to CE 458. The surviving text is a Sanskrit translation by one Simhasuri, copied "some considerable time" after that date by one Simhasuri. A translation was published by Balachandra Shastri. 
It mentions the reign of king Simhavarman of the Pallava dynasty in 435.

</doc>
<doc id="20562787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562787" title="Abdoulaye Baldé">
Abdoulaye Baldé

Abdoulaye Baldé may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20562799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562799" title="The Cheek">
The Cheek

The Cheek (formerly known as Cheeky Cheeky and the Nosebleeds) are an indie pop band from Woodbridge, Suffolk. Having released several singles and an EP, they are now coming towards the end of recording their debut album which, as of April 2010, is currently untitled.
Band history.
Since their formation, the band have released several singles. Their debut "Slow Kids", released on 17 March 2008, received a positive reception, catching the attention of Huw Stephens, "NME" and "Q" magazine. Following the success of Slow Kids, the band went on to release their latest single, "You Let Me Go", which was granted track of the week in "NME", receiving 8/10 from Dan Martin.
2009 proved a promising start for the band as they played shows in Japan and at SXSW in Texas. It was during their NME Awards Show on 17 February that the band announced their name change to The Cheek stating, "It takes about two seconds to say 'Cheeky Cheeky And The Nosebleeds', and we say our band name sometimes 20 times a day. That's like four-and-a-half minutes every week. More than four hours a year. We're getting an extra three hours a year back just by becoming "The Cheek"."
They went onto release a limited Japanese EP on 24 February, "Thespionage" which featured a series of previous unreleased tracks the band recorded during various sessions as CCATNB.
During 2008, Cheeky Cheeky and the Nosebleeds had a busy festival season, playing at Latitude, Glastonbury and Underage Festival. Their headline set at Latitude's Lake Stage saw a record number of crowd surfers and drew one of the largest crowds for the stage. Following their popularity at London's Underage festival, the band were approached again to do an Underage Christmas Special at London Scala on 20 December. More recently they embarked on their debut headlining tour, covering 29 dates in 31 days including a special Halloween show at the borderline and in December supported Iglu and Hartley on their UK Tour.
Following a series of popular live performances, CCATNB caught the attention of some established record labels, which soon let to them signing a deal.
They signed with A&M Records who eagerly sent them away to record their 1st album in Brussels, Belgium. During the recording of their CCATNB songs a change in musical direction began. This happening led to the change in name to 'The Cheek' and along with it a host of new songs.
After the mixing and mastering process the album was complete and ready for print, however, A&M pulled the plug on everything and the band we're dropped in 2010.
With no new material or activity from the band in the last few years it seems likely that they have split up, however, no official announcement has been made.
Debut album.
The band spent two separate sessions during January and June 2009 recording their debut album at ICP Studios in Belgium. It was produced by White Lies and Pulp collaborator, Ed Buller. Several album previews and demos appeared on the band's Myspace player during this time. "Hung Up" also appeared with the announcement that the song will be their third single but first as "The Cheek".
"Hung Up" was officially released later than year on 9 November on 7" and download.
The album remains fully recorded mixed and mastered yet unreleased, only being heard by a handful of people. Its name is not known, but rumour has it that it was going to be 'Lover's Quarrel'. What can be confirmed is that Roxy Music legend Andy Mackay features on saxophone.
Discography.
LP.
Lover's Quarrel (unreleased)

</doc>
<doc id="20562814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562814" title="Martha Wentworth">
Martha Wentworth

Verna Martha Wentworth (June 2, 1889 – March 8, 1974) was an American actress.
Having had a long radio career since the early 1920s, listeners recognised her as The Wintergreen Witch on "The Cinnamon Bear" radio program (1937), Annie Wood and Mrs. Littlefield on "Crime Classics" (1953), Ma Danields on "The Gallant Heart" (1944), as well several semi-regular roles on "Broadway Is My Beat", "On Stage, "The Abbott and Costello Show".
She later became a film actress in the 1940s, starring in several Red Ryder Western films. She went on to do voice work for Walt Disney Studios; as Nanny, Queenie the Cow and Lucy the Goose in "One Hundred and One Dalmatians" and as Madame Mim in "The Sword in the Stone", her final credited film appearance.
She died 11 years later at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="20562825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562825" title="How to Break a Terrorist">
How to Break a Terrorist

How to Break a Terrorist: The US Interrogators Who Used Brains, Not Brutality, to Take Down the Deadliest Man in Iraq is a book written by an American airman who played a key role in tracking down Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
The interrogator who wrote the book published it under the pen name Matthew Alexander, for security reasons. The author wrote the book as a pseudonymous officer in the US Air Force who had served for fourteen years. Alexander's real name has been sealed by court order by the District of Columbia District Court. Alexander makes television appearances under his pseudonym.
According to Jeff Stein, writing in the "Washington Post", the author's real name was Anthony Camerino, a Major in the United States Air Force Reserve.
In an op-ed published in the "Washington Post" he wrote that after his arrival in Iraq in 2006 he found:
The author has stated that when the Pentagon vetted the book they initially made 93 redactions.
Alexander is an outspoken opponent of torture. He refutes the effectiveness of torture, citing its negative long term effects such as recruiting for Al Qaida. He also argues that torture is contrary to the American principles of freedom, liberty, and justice, and that should they resort to torture, American interrogators become the enemy they serve to defeat. Similar arguments have been made by other former interrogators from the military, FBI, and CIA, including Colonel Steven Kleinman. In an interview with human rights lawyer Scott Horton for Harper's Magazine, Alexander said
Alexander described Marc Thiessen's 2010 book "Courting Disaster", which defended the use of enhanced interrogation techniques, as 'a literary defense of war criminals'.

</doc>
<doc id="20562850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562850" title="Boyer v. Boyer">
Boyer v. Boyer

Boyer v. Boyer, , was a suit in error brought in a state court of Pennsylvania for an injunction restraining the commissioners of Schuylkill County from levying a county tax for the year 1883 upon certain shares in the Pennsylvania National Bank, an association organized under the National Banking Act. The suit proceeds upon the ground that such levy violates the act of Congress prescribing conditions upon state taxation of national bank shares in this, that "other moneyed capital in the hands of individual citizens" of that county is exempted by the laws of Pennsylvania from such taxation. A demurrer to the bill was sustained and the suit was dismissed. Upon appeal to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, that judgment was affirmed on the ground that the laws of the state under which the defendants sought to justify the taxation were not repugnant to the act of Congress.
Ruling.
Construction of the act.
The Court has had occasion to examine the provisions of the National Banking Act in several other cases recently determined; and from these cases may be deduced certain rules for the construction of that act:
These decisions show that in whatever form the question has arisen, this Court has steadily kept in view the intention of Congress not to permit any substantial discrimination in favor of moneyed capital in the hands of individual citizens as against capital invested in the shares of national banks. In People v. Weaver, the Court said:
Laws of Pennsylvania.
The court then considered whether the laws of Pennsylvania, under which defendants propose to levy a tax for county purposes upon the plaintiff's shares of stock, are open to the objection that they violate the principle of equality which the act of Congress intended to establish between capital invested in such shares and other moneyed capital. By a law of that state passed March 31, 1870—upon which the defense mainly rests—it is provided
"That all the shares of national banks, located within this state, and of banks and savings institutions incorporated by this state, shall be taxable for state purposes at the rate of three mills four per annum upon the assessed value thereof, and for county, school, municipal, and local purposes at the same rate as now is or may hereafter be assessed and imposed upon other moneyed capital in the hands of individual citizens of this state."
Act of June 10, 1881.
This brought the court to the Act of June 10, 1881, whereby mortgages, moneys owing by solvent debtors, whether by promissory note, penal or single bill, bond or judgment, articles of agreement and accounts bearing interest, except notes or bills for work and labor done, obligations to banks for money loaned, bank notes, shares of stock in banks, banking or saving institutions or companies, then or thereafter incorporated under any law of Pennsylvania, public loans or stocks except those issued by that state or the United States, money loaned or invested in any other state, and all other moneyed capital in the hands of individual citizens of that state are declared "to be, and are hereby, taxable for state purposes at the rate of four mills on the dollar of the value thereof annually, provided that all mortgages, judgments, and recognizances whatsoever, and all moneys due or owing upon articles of agreement for the sale of real estate, shall, after the passage of this act, be exempt from all taxation except for state purposes, provided the provisions of this act shall not apply to building and loan associations," the money loaned by them being subjected to the same tax as money loaned by individuals. By the second section of the same act, all corporations paying interest on a loan or loans, taxable for state purposes, whether secured by bond, mortgage, recognizance, or otherwise, are required to report to the Auditor General annually the amount of such indebtedness owned by residents of Pennsylvania, and to pay into the state treasury four mills upon every dollar of such indebtedness, such tax to be deducted by the corporation paying it from the interest on such indebtedness, whereupon "such indebtedness, whether secured by bond, mortgage, judgment, or otherwise, shall be exempt from other taxation in the hands of the holders thereof." Laws Penn. 1881, p. 99.
According to the high court:
The judgment was therefore reversed and the cause remanded for further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.

</doc>
<doc id="20562865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562865" title="Khalid Sheldrake">
Khalid Sheldrake

Khalid Sheldrake, born Bertram William Sheldrake (born 1888, date of death unknown) was an English pickle manufacturer who converted to Islam and briefly declared himself king of Islamistan in the Xinjiang region of China during the Warlord era.
Biography.
Sheldrake, dubbed by the British press in the mid-1930s as "The Suburban King of Tartary", was the son of a pickle magnate, changed his name to Khalid upon his conversion to Islam. Sheldrake was active in the British Muslim community, and established a branch of the Western Islamic Association in South Shields in 1930.
A series of rebellions among the mostly Muslim population of Xinjiang in the early 1930s led to a loss of control over the region by the Republic of China, and the establishment of several short-lived Islamic states, among them the First East Turkestan Republic and the Khotan Emirate. In 1934, the new emirs of Khotan supposedly invited Sheldrake, who was in Peking at the time studying the conditions of the Muslims living there, to become the new head of state. Sheldrake accepted and declared himself the king of Islamistan, which was to span the area of Xinjiang but he never visited western China. However, later that same year, the Soviet-backed forces of Sheng Shicai (盛世才) re-established Chinese control over the region by which time Sheldrake had returned to Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20562875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562875" title="Kuvaputki">
Kuvaputki

Kuvaputki is a multi-angle DVD by Embryoroom produced and directed by Edward Quist and co-produced by Derek Gruen aka Del Marquis, with music by Pan Sonic, the Finnish experimental electronic music duo consisting of Mika Vainio and Ilpo Väisänen.
The film is "a hyper-real multi-angle DVD environment. Pan sonic, Mika Vainio and Ilpo Väisänen, are immersed in the imagery of the cathode which seems to live and infect their physicality over the course of three parallel films as they merge with their own extreme sound and into Quist's sinister vision."
"A number of motion graphics were developed that would sync with the live documented sound and performance," "From there, the idea evolved much further to include a kind of purely audio-visual narrative that included characters and suggests inner life [that goes on in a TV, as living energy. The various stages of the cathode process visually unfold."
Locations for the documentary source footage include Philadelphia, PA, Boston, MA, New York City, Helsinki, Turku, and Tampere, Finland. Shooting commenced in 1999 and ended in 2003. With a long period of editing and motion graphic development in Quist's native Brooklyn, NY and Beaver County, Pennsylvania.
The Kuvaputki DVD can fetch as much as £58 (over $100 USD) in the UK, and £55 used even though it was originally priced under £15. Currently, prices have hit more nominal standards.
There also exists a limited edition bundle of the DVD, hand numbered print, and a correspondingly numbered exclusive download offered directly from Embryoroom. 
Only 33 exist.
Festivals.
In 2000, the first version of the film debuted at the Sonar Festival in Barcelona, Spain. Critics likened the black and white 50 minute film to early rock'n roll documentaries. This now unavailable version was subsequently screened at Buenos Aires International Film Festival, and The Avanto Festival Finlandia
The 2008 DVD version was screened at the Milan Film Festival The only quote from the director was, "Fear Television"
Critical response.
"Kuvaputki, by Edward Quist, belongs to a different genre again, so essential and hypnotic that it seems to go back to the origins of filmmaking: the bare, pure graphic representation of the steady beat of music."-The Milan Film Festival
"Edward Quist has managed to create a real jewel of "counter-animation."
The visual experimentation is extreme and magnificent, and hopefully this effort will become a point of reference over the next few months for other, similar publications." -Dagheisha
"This process is really impressive as anyone who watches the DVD will realize. The black and white film unites exceptionally with the sound world of the Finns capturing the spectator. While Kuvaputki is a high quality effort, it would not be an exaggeration for it to be characterized as a real work of art."-Edjs
"The initial idea of producing a documentary on Pan Sonic's live shows culminated in this abstract audiovisual tour de force."-Sonar Festival
"More than a meanly illustrated live show, here is one true multimedia proposition, like a digital update of "In the Shadow of the Sun" by Derek Jarman and with Throbbing Gristle."-Dside
Sonar Electronic Festival described the film as “A beautiful and unique film capturing the very essence of a Pansonic live performance…. which really is quite an achievement”
SxSW Music Festival calls it “An embodiment. Probably the most perfect electronic music film yet”
ICA Film London “Surprisingly watchable. Forty minutes of unswervingly modern, super intense sound & visuals”
Format.
Format. Each angle has its own title. The running time for each angle is 38 minutes. with a combining running time of 114 minutes.
Concept.
Angle one, Kuvaputki features 13 chapters each with a Finnish title, it is the closest representation of a documentary based concept. Angle two titled Cathode Ray Tube is a visual representation of the various functions within the cathode ray process, each of the 13 chapters are named after technical processes. Angle three entitled SET is the most abstract and minimal. It's thirteen chapters are titled after either mythological figures or the final phases of the cathode ray process.

</doc>
<doc id="20562886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562886" title="Richard Conniff">
Richard Conniff

Richard Conniff is an American non-fiction writer, specializing in human and animal behavior. He has collected tarantulas in the Peruvian Amazon, tracked leopards with Kung San hunters in the Namibian desert, climbed the Mountains of the Moon in western Uganda, and trekked through the Himalayas of Bhutan in pursuit of tigers and the mythical migur. "The New York Times Book Review" says, Conniff is a splendid writer--fresh, clear, uncondescending, and with never a false step; one can't resist quoting him.
He lives in Old Lyme, Connecticut.
Career.
Conniff also writes about wildlife, human cultures and other topics for "Time", "Smithsonian", "Atlantic Monthly", "The New York Times Magazine", "National Geographic", "Audubon Magazine", "Yale Environment 360", and other publications in the United States and abroad. His magazine work in "Smithsonian" won the 1997 National Magazine Award, and was included in The Best American Science and Nature Writing in 2000, 2002, and 2006. Conniff is also the winner of the 2001 John Burroughs Award for Outstanding Nature Essay of the Year, a 2007 Guggenheim Fellowship, and a 2009 Loeb Journalism Award.
Conniff has been a frequent commentator on NPR and serves as an occasional columnist for "The New York Times" online. He has written and presented television shows for National Geographic Channel, TBS, Animal Planet, the BBC, and Channel Four in the UK. His television work has been nominated for an Emmy Award for distinguished achievement in writing, and he won the 1998 Wildscreen Prize for Best Natural History Television Script for the BBC show "Between Pacific Tides".

</doc>
<doc id="20562903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562903" title="RAF Thorney Island">
RAF Thorney Island

RAF Thorney Island is a former Royal Air Force station located west of Chichester, West Sussex, England and east of Portsmouth, Hampshire.
Station history.
The airfield was built in 1938 as an airfield for fighter aircraft including involvement with the Battle of Britain when the airfield was attacked by the Luftwaffe on the same day as other stations such as RAF Ford and RAF Poling radar station. RAF Thorney Island was transferred to RAF Coastal Command for the protection of shipping and other various roles. and had their concrete runways laid in 1942. The station closed as a RAF airfield on 31 March 1976. However the Royal Artillery re-opened the site in 1982.
Operational history.
Major units.
As with many RAF Coastal Command airfields, a great variety of squadrons and aircraft were posted to RAF Thorney Island during World War II; in particular:
No. 22 Squadron RAF moved to the airfield on 10 March 1938 firstly using Vickers Vildebeest and then the Bristol Beaufort. It was possibly during this time when Flight Officer Kenneth Campbell won his Victoria Cross for a daring attack on the German battleship Gneisenau which was located in Brest harbour during April 1941 which unfortunately took his life. The squadron left on 8 April 1940 then came back to the airfield again on 25 June 1941 and stayed until 28 October 1941.
No. 48 Squadron RAF was present between 28 September 1938 and 10 October 1938 before returning on 25 August 1939 and leaving for the last time on 16 July 1940, both times using the Avro Anson.
No. 53 Squadron RAF was operating the Hawker Hector from the airfield firstly between 24 November 1940 and 20 March 1941 before re-turning on 29 April 1943 staying until 25 September 1943 using the Consolidated B-24 Liberator.
No. 59 Squadron RAF moved in to Thorney island on 3 July 1940, initially flying anti-submarine patrols and bombing raids against the German invasion ports with Bristol Blenheims but left on 23 June 1941. The squadron returned 22 July 1941 and later became a general reconnaissance squadron, carrying out anti-shipping strikes, first with the Blenheims and then with Lockheed Hudsons then left on 17 January 1942. In August 1942 the squadron returned and converted to the Consolidated B-24 Liberator then for 2 months operated the Flying Fortress before reverting to the Liberator until it left Thorney in February 1943.
No. 86 Squadron RAF used RAF Thorney Island for two separate occasions. Firstly when it arrived during January 1942 using the Bristol Beaufort Mk I as a detachment before moving to RAF North Coates during March then again during August 1942 until March 1943 flying the Consolidated B-24 Liberator Mk IIIa.
No. 164 Squadron RAF used RAF Thorney Island as an airfield sometime between 16 March 1944 and 12 April 1944 conducting operations against enemy shipping and coastal using the Hawker Typhoon IB. However they returned nine days later and then stayed until 8 June 1944.
No. 198 Squadron RAF moved to the airfield on 6 April 1944 using the Hawker Typhoon IB for the preparation for D-Day before moving on 22 April 1944. The squadron returned 8 days later on 30 April 1944 was heavily used around Caen during the Battle for Caen before moving to France on 18 June 1944.
No. 233 Squadron RAF used the airfield as a location for a detachment starting from 2 January 1942 while the rest of the squadron were based at RAF Gibraltar before finally joining them on 12 July 1942.
No. 236 Squadron RAF was operational during the Battle of Britain as in 4 July 1940 it moved to the airfield using Bristol Blenheims carrying out anti-shipping patrols. The squadron changed aircraft in October 1941 to Bristol Beaufighters before moving to RAF Wattisham in February 1942.
No. 280 Squadron RAF formed at the airfield on 12 December 1941 as an Air Sea Rescue unit but did not receive any aircraft until February 1942 when Avro Ansons arrived but the squadron left on 10 February 1942. The squadron returned on 25 September 1943 and stayed until 21 October 1943 .
No. 404 Squadron RCAF formed at RAF Thorney Island on 15 April 1941 conducting coastal patrols flying the Bristol Blenheim Mk.IV, Bristol Beaufighter and the de Havilland Mosquito Mk.VI before moving to RAF Davidstow Moor on 20 June 1941.
No. 407 Coastal Strike Squadron (RCAF) was formed at Thorney Island on 8 May 1941, first training on the Bristol Blenheim. From September 1941 to January 1943, the squadron operated as a "strike" squadron attacking enemy shipping with the Lockheed Hudson. On 29 January 1943 it was re-designated 407 General Reconnaissance Squadron, and for the remainder of the war it protected friendly shipping from the U-Boat threat operating the Vickers Wellington. The squadron was disbanded at the end of the Second World War on 4 June 1945.
No. 415 Squadron RCAF formed at the airfield on 20 August 1941 using Handley Page Hampdens as a torpedo-bomber squadron attacking enemy convoys and shipyards until 11 April 1942. Before returning on 16 May 1942 until 5 June 1942 and a third and final time between 11 November 1942 and 15 November 1943.
The next unit to use the airfield was No. 547 Squadron RAF which arrived 25 October 1943 with Liberators which it operated over the Bay of Biscay. The squadron moved again on 14 January 1944 to RAF Leuchars.
No. 612 Squadron RAF operated at the airfield between 18 August 1942 and 23 September 1942 with detachments at RAF Wick and RAF St Eval before moving to RAF Wick. The squadron flew both Armstrong Whitworth Whitleys and Vickers Wellingtons during the war.
Minor units.
+ data from 
Fleet Air Arm Squadrons.
The airfield was also used by squadrons of the Fleet Air Arm like when in April 1945 703 Naval Air Squadron (NAS) was reformed as the "Air Sea Warfare Development Unit" at RAF Thorney Island to conduct experimental trials on a large variety of aircraft including the Grumman Avenger, Fairey Barracuda, Fairey Firefly and de Havilland Sea Mosquito. also two other Fleet Air Arm squadrons used the airfield with 810 NAS joining during March 1945 flying the Fairey Barracuda III and 836 NAS from January 1943 until March 1943 flying the Fairey Swordfish before moving to RAF Machrihanish.
Several other Naval Air Squadrons also used the airfield at some point:
Post-war units.
On 1 October 1946 254 Squadron at RAF Thorney Island was renumbered to No. 42 Squadron. Equipped with Bristol Beaufighter TF.10, it was a strike unit in RAF Coastal Command until disbanded on 15 October 1947.
222 Squadron RAF.
Between 1948 and 1950, No. 222 Squadron RAF was posted to RAF Thorney Island flying the Gloster Meteor. For eight weeks in the summers on 1948 and 1949 Thorney Island was the site of the very first Royal Observer Corps summer training camps with 600 volunteer observers attending each week, living and training under canvas.
During the early 50's, when Flying Training took over, Thorney Island was the parent unit for a small detachment in Weymouth (RAF Chesil Bank), where there was an emergency landing-ground (some involvement when the submarine "Affray" sank in the English Channel in 1951). The detachment's primary role was the operation of the bombing range off Chesil Beach. The floating targets in Lyme Bay were serviced by a launch from Lyme Regis.
242 Operational Conversion Unit.
No 242 OCU, was posted to RAF Dishforth, received its Beverley Flight in 1957. The OCU’s instructors trained aircrew and ground staff in the flying and maintenance of the aircraft. In 1961, the unit moved to RAF Thorney Island, where apparently the unit caused retired Admirals and Generals to complain about the noise of night flying but the Beverley flight was disbanded in March 1967. A mistake in embroidery work resulted in a batch of Squadron badges bearing the title ‘242 Operational Conversation Unit’.
The first C-130 Hercules was delivered on 7 April 1967 by a Royal Air Force crew from the United States of America and shared the airfield with the Armstrong Whitworth AW.660 Argosy and later the Andover CMk1 which was operated by No. 84 Squadron RAF and No. 46 Squadron RAF
SAR flight 22 Squadron RAF.
From June 1955, a Search and Rescue flight of No. 22 Squadron RAF equipped with Westland Whirlwind helicopters were posted to Thorney Island. These remained at the airfield until the Royal Air Force left in the 1976.
Post RAF.
Subsequently the Royal Navy expressed an interest in utilising the base, but in 1980 West Thorney became host to many hundreds of Vietnamese families, accepted by the United Kingdom for settlement in this country.
In 1985, a series of experiments to investigate atmospheric dispersion of gases was carried out on the island.
Current use.
During 1984 control was handed to the Royal Artillery, who remain in control of the airfield to date. Baker Barracks on Thorney Island is currently home to 47th Regiment Royal Artillery, armed with the Starstreak HVM. In January 2008, 12th Regiment Royal Artillery moved to the island upon their return from Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20562908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562908" title="Plistonicus">
Plistonicus

Plistonicus (or Pleistonicus, ), was an ancient Greek physician, a pupil of Praxagoras, who therefore lived in the 4th and 3rd centuries BC. He appears to have written a work on anatomy, which is several times mentioned by Galen, who calls him one of the most eminent physicians of his time. He is quoted by Pliny, Athenaeus, Oribasius, and Gariopontus. None of his writings have survived.

</doc>
<doc id="20562919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562919" title="List of awards and nominations received by Chamillionaire">
List of awards and nominations received by Chamillionaire

Chamillionaire is an American hip hop rapper, record executive, CEO and entrepreneur. His first album, "The Sound of Revenge", was released on November 22, 2005. It spawned three singles: "Turn It Up", "Ridin'" and "Grown and Sexy". The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Chamillionaire's second album, "Ultimate Victory", was released on September 18, 2007. It spawned two singles: "Hip Hop Police" and "The Evening News". The album did not receive a certification. 
In 2006, Chamillionaire received ten nominations and won four, including Rookie of the Year and Viewer's Choice Award (Wireless People's Champ) at the BET Hip Hop Awards; Best Rap Video at the MTV Video Music Awards. In 2007, Chamillionaire received four nominations and won one, Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the Grammy Awards. In 2008, Chamillionaire received two nominations and won one, Best Mixtape/Street Album at the Ozone Awards. Overall, Chamillionaire has won 6 awards from 16 nominations.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. Chamillionaire has been nominated once.
BET Awards.
The BET Awards were established in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television network to celebrate African Americans and other minorities in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment. The awards are presented annually and broadcast live on BET. Chamillionaire has been nominated once.
BET Hip Hop Awards.
The BET Hip Hop Awards are hosted annually by BET for hip hop performers, producers, and music video directors. Chamillionaire has won two awards from six nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Chamillionaire has won one award from two nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards were established in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year. Chamillionaire has won one award.
Ozone Awards.
The Ozone Awards is an annual award ceremony that recognizes Southern hip hop. Chamillionaire has won two awards from four nominations.
People's Choice Awards.
The People's Choice Awards is an annual awards show recognizing the people and the work of popular culture. Chamillionaire has been nominated once.

</doc>
<doc id="20562930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562930" title="Paschal's">
Paschal's

Paschal's is an American company based in Atlanta, Georgia, specializing in Southern cuisine.
It originated in 1947 with brothers Robert and James Paschal opening Paschal's Restaurant at 837 West Hunter Street. In 1959 it moved across the street to its current location, where many of the leaders of the Civil Rights Movement gathered to discuss their strategy and issues in the 1960s. This included Martin Luther King, Jr., Andrew Young, Hosea Williams, John Lewis, Ralph David Abernathy, Joseph Lowery, Jesse Jackson and others, leading it to be called the "unofficial headquarters" of the movement. In particular, King was rumored to be a fan of Paschal's vegetable soup. The restaurant was one of the first to seat black and white patrons together, in an era when segregated seating was the norm.
West Hunter Street was later renamed, and so Paschal's is now at 830 Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive. This location, including the restaurant and motor lodge, closed and was sold to Clark Atlanta University, where it is called The Paschal Center. The motel is used as a dormitory, while the historic restaurant is boarded-up. 
There are currently two Paschal's Restaurants operating under The Paschal Restaurant Group, LLC: one in Concourse B of Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, and another freestanding one in the Castleberry Hill area along Northside Drive (U.S. 41 and U.S. 29). Paschal's also provides food service as a vendor at the airport.
Paschal's Foods also sells some items to local grocery stores, including Kroger, Publix, and Harry's Farmers Market. Like the restaurant, this is primarily Southern cuisine.
Robert Paschal died in 1997. James died in 2008 at Piedmont Hospital, and his funeral was held at the nearby Morehouse College chapel. His significance to the community and the Civil Rights Movement was recognized by a New York Times obituary.

</doc>
<doc id="20562945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562945" title="Vineland, Alabama">
Vineland, Alabama

Vineland is an unincorporated community in the southeastern corner of Marengo County, Alabama. Vineland had several stores, a cotton gin, and Baptist and Methodist churches. It also had a post office from 1887 to 1916, with Julius A. Kimbrough serving as the first postmaster and Solomon S. Strickland as the last. This general area, which also included Surginer and Hampden, was originally known as Pineville Precinct. Pineville was also an early name for Putnam, in the southwestern corner of the county.
Early settlers of the Pineville Precinct who were still present by the outbreak of the American Civil War included the Agee, Anderson, Allen, Autry, Carson, Corgill, Cowen, Deloach, Downey, Drinkard, Evans, Fontaine, Gibson, Green, Hall, Harper, Hasty, Hawkins, Jackson, Jordan, Kimbrough, Lockett, Loftin, McClure, Marion, Moore, Newton, Pope, Porter, Pritchett, Proctor, Reed, Sims, Smyly, Swearingen, Thompson, Twilley, Williams, Weatherly, White, and Woodward families.
Geography.
Vineland is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20562950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562950" title="HMS Kestrel">
HMS Kestrel

Four ships and a shore establishment of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Kestrel", after the bird of prey, the kestrel:
Ships
Shore establishment

</doc>
<doc id="20562979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562979" title="Putnam, Alabama">
Putnam, Alabama

Putnam is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Marengo County, Alabama. As of the 2010 census, its population was 193.
Geography.
Putnam is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20562983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562983" title="Egawa">
Egawa


</doc>
<doc id="20562984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20562984" title="Elections in England and Wales, 1949">
Elections in England and Wales, 1949

Elections in England and Wales, 1949 held during the week April 4 –9 for County Council positions resulted in sweeping Conservative gains and correspondingly heavy Labour losses. A remarkable feature of the elections was the “dead heat” in the London County Council between Labour and the Conservatives, who each won 64 seats, with the Liberals retaining one seat, that of Sir Percy Harris in Bethnal Green. Outside London, Labour lost its former control of Middlesex, Essex, Northumberland, and the West Riding of Yorkshire; retained control of Derbyshire, Durham, Glamorgan, Monmouthshire, and Nottinghamshire, but won Carmarthenshire, the only county gained by Labour.
Background.
County Councils were introduced in England and Wales on 22 September 1889 by the Local Government Act of 1888. County councils were responsible for their area’s strategic services, with smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities. The writ of the county councils did not extend everywhere: county boroughs were independent of the council for the county in which they were geographically situated, and county borough councils exercised the functions of both county councils and district councils.
1949 County Council election results.
The England and Wales County Council elections where held the week April 4 –9, 1949. Prior to 1949 local elections were held in November, so those councillors who were due to retire in November 1948 had their terms extended to April 1949. (Local elections were later moved to the first Thursday of May.) Of the total of 3,879 vacant seats in the 62 counties in which elections were hold, about half (1,938) the councillors were returned unopposed, whilst 1,941 seats were contested. The table below, compiled by The Times newspaper, summarises the results, showing candidates returned, and individual gains and losses.
1949 Borough elections.
There were also local elections in urban district councils, rural district councils, Municipal boroughs in London and 392 cities and towns in England and Wales in May 1949. These showed a similar advance in Conservative support to that recorded in the County Council elections.
The results for the boroughs outside London were:
By-elections in 1949.
There were six Parliamentary by-elections held in 1949. All were in Labour held seats and all were retained by Labour but each one showed a movement of votes away from Labour and towards the Conservatives. Cook and Ramsden comment however that there was relatively little in these by-election results to indicate the extent to which the Tories would recover lost ground in the 1950 general election. However the first by-election to be held after the County and other local elections, in West Leeds on 21 July 1949, showed the largest swing to the Conservatives in any Parliamentary contest for the previous nine months. Despite the assessment by Cook & Ramsden that the by-elections of 1949 offered little indication that the Tories would do so well in 1950, taken together with the County and other local results, a clear pattern of dissatisfaction with the Labour government can be discerned and a willingness by the electorate to turn again towards the Conservatives.
General election prospects.
After the Second World War local elections came to be accepted increasingly as barometers of the national political mood. The combined County and Borough election results offered a useful snapshot of public opinion as the Labour government elected in 1945 neared the end of its term of office.
Conservative reaction.
The influential Conservative peer, Lord Woolton who was chairman of the Tory party between 1946 and 1955, commented that the elections had taken place on a national scale and in effect constituted a miniature general election, indicating how opinion had changed in the country since 1945. The Conservatives especially took heart from the results. Tory leader Winston Churchill told a rally at the Royal Albert Hall that the County Council contests had seen great Conservative victories and there was a prospect of more to come. He forecast that the next general election would be ‘one of the most memorable’. Anthony Eden told the same meeting that the election results showed the electorate were moving towards the Conservative approaches of lower taxation, halting further nationalisations, providing incentives and the revival of the virtue of thrift.
Labour reaction.
For Labour, Herbert Morrison told supporters that it was inevitable that Labour would be unable to hold onto the gains it had made in the exceptional years of 1945–46. He said that Labour would have to learn the lessons of the election results, particularly tactical ones about how and in which constituencies the Tories chose to fight the hardest and put the greatest resources. This was a theme taken up in The Times leader of 14 May 1949 when it was commented that the Conservative Party machine had made great strides under Lord Woolton’s direction and was now capable of enthusing its supporters and getting them to the polls in great numbers. However in policy terms Morrison seemed reluctant to learn lessons, saying Labour needed more of the same and arguing for further attacks on ‘powerful vested interests’ to transform great private economic interests into public concerns, a call for more nationalisation and state regulation.
Liberal reaction.
As for the Liberals, they had read the writing on the wall. In late 1949 they persuaded Lloyds of London to insure their candidates’ deposits for the next general election. For the sum of £5,000 Lloyds agreed to pay for all deposits lost after the first 50 up to 250. This turned out to be a shrewd deal as 319 of the 475 candidates the Liberal Party put up at the 1950 general election lost their deposits, amounting to two thirds of the total number of candidates standing.

</doc>
<doc id="20563007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563007" title="Nicholsville, Alabama">
Nicholsville, Alabama

Nicholsville is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Nicholsville had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Nicholsville is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20563028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563028" title="SS Aquarama">
SS Aquarama

The SS" Aquarama", formally known as the SS "Marine Star", was a World War II troop ship for the United States Navy. In 1952, it was converted into the largest passenger ship ever to operate in the Great Lakes. 
Ship History.
Originally named the "Marine Star", the "Aquarama" was built in 1945 in Chester, Pennsylvania as a United States Maritime Commission C4-S-B5 type of ship. Designed as a transoceanic troop carrier, the ship made one trip across the Atlantic before combat ceased.
The ship remained unused for a few years until it was bought in 1952 by the Sand Products Company of Detroit. After being purchased the ship was towed to Muskegon, Michigan where it was converted into a commercial cruise ship. The entire process took approximately two years to complete and cost nearly $8 million dollars. The president of the Sand Products Company at the time, Max Mckee, wanted the "Aquarama" to be an ocean liner for the Great Lakes.
The "Aquarama" began operation in 1956 by touring various Great Lakes ports. In 1957 the Michigan-Ohio Navigation Company, began service from Detroit to Cleveland carrying automobiles and passengers. Once in service the ship was able to transport its passengers, as well as their automobiles, from Detroit to Cleveland in under six hours. 
Although the ship was immensely popular it never generated enough revenue to be self-supporting; On September 4, 1962 the ship made its last trip before being towed to Muskegon. Operating the ship from Muskegon, Michigan to Milwaukee as a replacement for the older Milwaukee Clipper was proposed, but $700,000 for dredging so the Aquarama could be accommodated in Milwaukee harbor was needed. As a result the ship sat idle until 1987 when it was sold to the North Shore Farming Company for around $3 million dollars.
The "Aquarama" was briefly docked at Sarnia, then Windsor before returning to its original name of Marine Star and moving under tow to Buffalo. On August 3, 1995 the Marine Star berthed at the Cargill Pool Elevator where it stayed until it was towed overseas to Aliağa, Turkey for scrap in September of 2007.
Link to Photo of the S.S. Aquarama (The Marine Star)
Capacity and Safety.
As a cruise liner the "Aquarama" was able to carry 2,500 passengers and 160 automobiles. Some of the ship's safety features included its all-steel construction, the smoke detection system, four 135-passenger lifeboats, the latest in radar, and closed circuit television for viewing the stern. 
Entertainment.
On the ship there were numerous sources of entertainment for the passengers. Among many other things there was a "carnival room" that had a gift shop, games, and a photo booth. Two television theaters were available to be used for conferences or special programs. Along with the theaters the ship contained two dance floors that were accompanied by a stage for an orchestra, or other performances. For those traveling with their families there were even baby-sitting services available. For food people had the choice of four different types of restaurants that varied in style and price. Along with the restaurants there was a main cafeteria that was able to fit nearly 300 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20563037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563037" title="Wonderful You (song)">
Wonderful You (song)

"Wonderful You" is a single by the English pop-soul singer Rick Astley released in 1991 as a promo single.

</doc>
<doc id="20563047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563047" title="Abdoulaye Baldé (politician)">
Abdoulaye Baldé (politician)

Abdoulaye Baldé (born 16 January 1964) is a Senegalese politician. He has been Secretary-General of the Presidency of the Republic since May 2001 and Mayor of Ziguinchor since April 2009. He is a member of the Steering Committee of the Senegalese Democratic Party (PDS). 
Baldé was born in Darsalam, located in Ziguinchor Region. He was Commissioner of Police and Head of the National Brigade of Economic and Financial Affairs at the Division of Criminal Investigations from July 1991 to April 1992. Subsequently he was "Chargé de Mission" at the Presidency of the Republic as Deputy to the Head of the Bureau of Analysis and Orientation (BAO) from 1992 to 2000. Under President Abdoulaye Wade, Baldé was appointed as Secretary-General of the Presidency of the Republic on 12 May 2001. Also under President Wade, Baldé served as Executive Director of the National Agency of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference.
In addition to being a member of the PDS Steering Committee, Baldé is the Secretary-General of the PDS Communal Section in Ziguinchor. The Sopi Coalition (which includes the PDS) won the March 2009 local election in Ziguinchor. Baldé headed the Sopi candidate list and was subsequently elected as Mayor; he succeeded Robert Sagna on 18 April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20563051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563051" title="UFG">
UFG

UFG can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20563054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563054" title="T-Mobile US">
T-Mobile US

T-Mobile US, Inc. is the American operating entity of the German wireless network operator T-mobile international AG. Its headquarters are located in Bellevue, Washington. It provides wireless voice, messaging, and data services in the United States, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands under the brands T-Mobile, MetroPCS, and GoSmart Mobile. The company operates the fourth largest wireless network in the U.S. market with 46.7 million customers and annual revenues of $24.42 billion. Its nationwide network reaches 96 percent of Americans. , J. D. Power and Associates, a global marketing-information-services firm, ranked the company highest among major wireless carriers for retail-store satisfaction four years consecutively and highest for wireless customer care two years consecutively.
The company traces its roots to the 1994 establishment of VoiceStream Wireless PCS, originally a subsidiary of Western Wireless Corporation. Western Wireless spun off VoiceStream Wireless to shareholders in 1999, creating a public independent company, VoiceStream Wireless Corporation. In July 2002, VoiceStream Wireless Corporation was renamed T-Mobile USA, which operates as the U.S. operating entity of T-Mobile International AG, the mobile-communications holding company and subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom.
After a failed attempt by AT&T in 2011 to purchase the company in a $39 billion stock and cash offer (which was withdrawn after being faced with significant regulatory and legal hurdles, along with heavy resistance from the U.S. government), T-Mobile USA announced its intent to merge with MetroPCS Communications, Inc., the fifth largest carrier in the United States, to improve its competitiveness with other national carriers; the deal was approved by the Department of Justice and Federal Communications Commission in March 2013. On May 1, 2013, the combined company, renamed T-Mobile US, Inc., began trading as a public company on the New York Stock Exchange, under the symbol "TMUS".
In December 2013, the Wall Street Journal reported that Sprint is working toward a possible merger with T-Mobile USA. As of December 24, 2013, Sprint hasn't decided on a bid, though a bid of over US$20 billion could be proposed in the first half of 2014. On December 24, 2013, Nikkei reported that Japanese corporation SoftBank, who owns 80 percent of Sprint, was nearing a deal to purchase a majority of T-Mobile USA using Sprint shares. The deal is valued at nearly US$19 billion.
History.
T-Mobile US, Inc. traces its roots to the 1994 establishment of VoiceStream Wireless PCS as a subsidiary of Western Wireless Corporation. Spun off from parent Western Wireless on May 3, 1999, VoiceStream Wireless was purchased by Deutsche Telekom AG in 2001 for $35 billion and renamed T-Mobile USA, Inc. in July, 2002.
VoiceStream Wireless.
VoiceStream Wireless PCS was established in 1994 as a subsidiary of Western Wireless Corporation to provide digital wireless personal communications services (PCS) in 19 FCC-defined metropolitan service areas in several western and southwestern states. VoiceStream Wireless' digital, urban service areas complemented the analog, rural service areas marketed by Western Wireless under the Cellular One brand.
Western Wireless spun off its VoiceStream Wireless division into a new company called VoiceStream Wireless Corporation in May 1999. VoiceStream Wireless completed mergers with Omnipoint Corporation in February, 2000 and Aerial Communications, Inc. in May 2000.
Omnipoint and Aerial acquisitions.
In 2000, VoiceStream Wireless acquired two regional GSM carriers. Omnipoint Communications, Inc., a regional network operator in the Northeastern U.S., was acquired on February 25, 2000, and Aerial Communications, Inc., a regional network operator in the Midwestern U.S., was acquired on May 4, 2000. The combined company retired the Omnipoint and Aerial brands and completed integrating the three companies by converting to a single customer billing platform, implementing standard business practices and launching the VoiceStream brand and "GET MORE" marketing strategy in all markets.
Deutsche Telekom acquires VoiceStream and Powertel.
On June 1, 2001, Deutsche Telekom (DT) completed the acquisition of VoiceStream Wireless Inc. for $35 billion and Southern U.S. regional GSM network operator Powertel, Inc. for $24 billion. By the end of 2001, VoiceStream Wireless had 19,000 employees serving 7 million subscribers.
In July 2002, VoiceStream Wireless Inc. took the name, T-Mobile USA, Inc. and began rolling out the T-Mobile brand, starting with locations in California and Nevada. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is the U.S. operating entity of T-Mobile International AG, the mobile communications subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG.
SunCom acquisition.
On September 17, 2007, the company announced the acquisition of SunCom Wireless Holdings, Inc. for $2.4 billion; the acquisition closed on February 22, 2008. By September 8, 2008, SunCom's operations were integrated with those of the company. The acquisition added SunCom's 1.1 million customers to the company's customer base and expanded the company's network coverage to include North Carolina, South Carolina, eastern Tennessee, northeastern Georgia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Failed acquisition by AT&T.
On March 20, 2011, DT accepted a $39 billion stock and cash purchase offer from AT&T for the company. The acquisition was subject to regulatory approvals, a reverse breakup fee in certain circumstances, and customary regulatory and closing conditions.
According to an industry analyst, after the introduction of the iPhone in 2007, T-Mobile began to lose contract customers, who dropped to 78 percent of subscribers in 2010, compared to 85 percent in 2006. Its high churn rate of 3.2 percent, compared to 1.2 percent at Verizon Wireless and AT&T Mobility, and the drop in contract customers made necessary investments in network upgrades and additional spectrum too risky, reinforcing DT's decision to sell.
Randall Stephenson, the chairman and chief executive officer of AT&T, expressed his confidence in the deal being approved based on the benefit to the public of expanding wireless access and relatively robust competition in the wireless market. The Alliance for Digital Equality, the Hispanic Federation, the National Black Chamber of Commerce and California Democratic representatives Loretta Sanchez and Joe Baca all supported the deal. Consumer groups Public Knowledge, Media Access Project, Consumers Union and the Computer & Communication Industry Association opposed the deal. Opposition groups stated numerous concerns with industry consolidation resulting in a reduction in competition and job losses.
If the merger had been completed, AT&T Mobility would have had a customer base of approximately 130 million users, making it the largest wireless carrier in the U.S.
On August 31, 2011, the United States Department of Justice sued to block AT&T's merger with T-Mobile on the grounds that it would “substantially lessen competition” in the wireless market.
Further reports indicated that the FCC would likely oppose the merger.
On December 19, 2011, in the face of this heavy resistance from the U.S. government, AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson announced that the company had officially withdrawn its $39 billion bid. In an official statement, Stephenson addressed the continuing spectrum shortage (due to a significant increase in wireless demand), hinting that the company will continue to seek other options to solve the shortage in the short term.
Job Cuts.
On May 16, 2012, T-Mobile USA announced that it is cutting 900 jobs in an effort to preserve cash for further investment into its mobile network. This is in addition to the 1900 job cuts that were announced earlier in the year, which included the shutdown of several call centers.
Merger with MetroPCS Communications.
On October 3, 2012, MetroPCS Communications reached an agreement to merge with T-Mobile USA. MetroPCS shareholders would hold a 26% stake in the merged company, which retained the T-Mobile brand. While the merged company is still the fourth largest carrier in the United States, the acquisition gave T-Mobile access to more spectrum and financial resources to maintain competitiveness and expand its LTE network. The merger between T-Mobile USA Inc. and MetroPCS was officially approved by MetroPCS shareholders on April 24, 2013. The deal was structured as a reverse takeover; the combined company went public on the New York Stock Exchange as "TMUS" and became known as "T-Mobile US Inc." on May 1, 2013. The merger agreement gave Deutsche Telekom the option to sell its 72% stake in the merged company, valued at around $14.2 billion, to a third-party before the end of the 18-month lock-up period.
Additional wireless spectrum acquisition.
On June 28, 2013, T-Mobile agreed to buy wireless spectrum for the Mississippi Valley region from the firm U.S Cellular Corp for around $308 million, allowing the company to expand its 4G network across a further 29 markets.
On January 6, 2014, T-Mobile signed agreements with Verizon Wireless to purchase some 700 MHz A-Block spectrum licenses for $2.365 billion. Further, a transfer of some AWS and PCS spectrum licenses with a value of $950 million has been agreed upon by T-Mobile and Verizon. The acquisition reportedly will give T-Mobile additional coverage for approximately 158 million people in 9 of the top 10 and 21 of the top 30 US markets.
Wireless networks.
The company owns licenses to operate a 1900 MHz GSM PCS digital cellular network and a 1700 MHz UMTS AWS digital cellular network that cover areas of the continental U.S., Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. It provides coverage in areas where it does not own radio frequency spectrum licenses via roaming agreements with other operators of compatible networks.
Cellular network.
The company's predecessor, VoiceStream Wireless, began building a regional, 2G, 1900 MHz GSM, circuit switched, digital cellular network in 1994 and first offered service in 1996 in Honolulu, Hawaii, and Salt Lake City, Utah. From that starting point, the network has expanded in size through acquisitions of other cellular-network operators and additional spectrum purchases. The network has expanded in capabilities through the introduction of new technologies. VoiceStream upgraded the 1900 MHz network to include packet switching via General Packet Radio Service (GPRS), then increased packet switched data transmission speeds via Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE). In 2006, the company spent $4.2 billion to purchase 120 D, E or F block 1700 MHz AWS licenses and began rolling out 3G UMTS services in those frequency bands. Most recently, the company has been upgrading network equipment and back-haul capabilities to enable first HSPA (High Speed Packet Access), then HSPA+ (Evolved HSPA) services in the AWS bands. It is marketing its HSPA+ services as 4G.
Packet-switched data upgrade.
Packet-switched data service first became available to users in the form of General Packet Radio Service (GPRS). Packet-switched data speeds increased when Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) was incorporated into the network. EDGE coverage is available within at least forty percent of the GSM footprint.
Both voice capacity and packet-switched data speeds improved when 3G Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS) equipment was installed in the network. On January 5, 2010, the company announced that it has upgraded its entire 3G network to HSPA 7.2 Mbit/s, an improvement from its previous peak of 3.6 Mbit/s. It also said that it plans to be the first U.S. carrier to deploy HSPA+ across its network by mid-2010. The company has finished HSPA+ trials in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and has begun deploying HSPA+ across its network.
3G upgrade.
In September 2006, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) auctioned licenses in the first Advanced Wireless Services band. This band was an area of wireless spectrum, half in the 1700 MHz (1.7 GHz) and half in the 2100 MHz (2.1 GHz) frequencies, that was already in use by government services. The spectrum was planned to become available after the government users migrated to different frequencies.
The auction made numerous licenses available in overlapping market-areas, economic-areas, and regional levels. Each license was individually bid upon, and T-Mobile USA was the winner in 120 license auctions, at an aggregate price of $4.18 billion. As part of its winnings, T-Mobile USA gained nationwide coverage of 1.7 GHz and 2.1 GHz, with numerous areas being supplemented with additional licenses. Examples include New York City, Chicago, and Boston where T-Mobile USA acquired one-third (33 percent) of the available spectrum, or San Francisco, Houston, and Miami where they acquired 45 percent of the available spectrum.
October 6, 2006, two weeks after confirming its winning bids, the company announced its intentions to create a UMTS third-generation, or 3G, cellular network with the spectrum it had won. It said it would utilize and build on the experience of T-Mobile International's European subsidiaries, which already implemented 3G networks. At the time of initial roll-out, the company intended to offer 7.2 Mbit/s service, making the company's 3G network the fastest in the U.S. The upgrade was forecast to cost $2.6 billion, in addition to the $4.12 billion spent to acquire the spectrum licenses.
In the same announcement, the company indicated it had already begun to deploy about half of the upgraded equipment, beginning in major markets such as New York City. With the equipment in place, it would be able to activate its network as soon as the government agencies vacated the spectrum. The company had hoped to have its network activated by mid-2007, but as of September 2007, the government users had not vacated the AWS band.
The company began selling its first 3G-capable phone, the Nokia 6263, in November 2007 and announced in February 2008 that its 3G network would finally be activated "within the next few months". and released in the New York City market on May 1, 2008.
To date, the company has launched its 3G network in most of its top markets. They plan to launch in additional markets as they are tuned for optimal performance, and in conjunction with marketing programs for new services and handsets. In 2009, the company upgraded more than 200 markets, covering some 208 million points of presence (POPS).
HSPA/HSPA+ "4G" upgrade.
The company has begun rolling out its HSPA+ capabilities throughout its cellular network, planning to complete an upgrade of the entire network by the end of 2010, covering 185 million potential subscribers. It is marketing its HSPA+ services as 4G. On September 2, 2009, Nokia launched the N900, which was the first device to support HSPA 10.2.
On June 28, 2010, the company announced that it will begin to upgrade the network from HSPA+ 21 to HSPA+ 42 beginning sometime in 2011. T-Mobile is marketing its HSPA+ services as 4G.
4G LTE upgrade.
On February 23, 2012, during the Q4 Earnings Call, T-Mobile laid out the future of their 4G upgrade path. They will roll out the LTE network on the AWS spectrum, and transition their HSPA+ network to the PCS band. To achieve compatibility with other networks and phones in the USA, T-Mobile began this transition in March 2013, and the rollout of LTE is currently underway as T-Mobile expands to more markets. Due to the failed acquisition of T-Mobile USA by AT&T, T-Mobile USA received additional UMTS frequency band IV (AWS) spectrum. On March 26, 2013, T-Mobile began roll out LTE in 7 markets: Baltimore, San Jose, Washington D.C, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Kansas City, Houston. T-Mobile is continuing to push forward its HSPA+ 42 network as well, alongside implementing LTE into its nationwide network.
On August 21, 2012, The FCC approved a deal between T-Mobile and Verizon in which T-Mobile gains additional AWS spectrum licenses in 125 Cellular Market Areas.
Roaming.
T-Mobile has roaming arrangements with a number of regional mobile network operators, including Centennial Wireless (a subsidiary of AT&T Mobility), Dobson Cellular (a subsidiary of AT&T Mobility), and Rural Cellular Corporation (a subsidiary of Verizon Wireless) and with the national mobile network operators AT&T Mobility and the former Alltel Corporation (a subsidiary of Verizon Wireless) GSM network.
These carriers predominately provided service using the GSM 850 MHz band, and a dual-band phone is required to use both the native and affiliate networks. When roaming on these affiliated networks, airtime is deducted from the user's plan, effectively expanding T-Mobile USA's nationwide coverage.
As of 2008, prepaid customers have almost all of the postpaid domestic roaming privileges and restricted international roaming to Canada and Mexico.
On June 29, 2010, the company launched voice service in the Gulf of Mexico on GSM via roaming agreement through Broadpoint. T-Mobile USA was scheduled to launch data service in Fall 2010.
While international roaming is available to most customers, the service must first be activated by contacting customer service. Once international roaming is provisioned on a customer's line, there is no monthly fee to maintain the service.
In 2009, T-Mobile USA began removing AT&T Mobility roaming coverage in many locations across the country, and updated its on-line coverage maps to reflect the smaller coverage area. AT&T Mobility roaming remains available in select locations, primarily on smaller carriers that were acquired by AT&T Mobility after long term roaming contracts were in place between T-Mobile and the smaller carriers, including Centennial Wireless and Edge Wireless.
Radio frequency spectrum chart.
The following chart describes radio frequency spectrum bands accessible by the company's customers using compatible GSM-based devices.
The following table lists bands accessible by MetroPCS CDMA phones as of May, 2013. T-mobile plans to discontinue sales of MetroPCS branded CDMA phones by the end of 2013. Starting from June 2013 T-mobile sells MetroPCS branded GSM phones that access the network above. T-mobile plans to shut down the CDMA network and integrate LTE networks by 2015. For an example of the integration in Dallas, see the second slide from the T-Mobile merger proposal. T-Mobile plans to completely shutdown MetroPCS network in Philadelphia, Las Vegas and Boston in 2014.
T-Mobile HotSpots.
T-Mobile has used the term ""Hotspot"" to represent various products and technologies.
Wi-Fi network (public).
The company operates a nationwide Wi-Fi Internet access network under the T-Mobile HotSpots brand. The T-Mobile HotSpots network consists of thousands of Wi-Fi access points installed in businesses, hotels and airports throughout the U.S.
The T-Mobile HotSpot service offers access to a nationwide network of approximately 8,350 access points, installed in venues such as Starbucks coffeehouses, FedEx Office Office and Print Centers, Hyatt hotels and resorts, Red Roof Inns, Sofitel hotels, Novotel hotels, the airline clubs of American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Airlines and US Airways, and airports.
The T-Mobile HotSpots network can be traced to the company's 2002 purchase of bankrupt wireless ISP MobileStar, which began building its network in 1998. After completing the purchase, the company expanded the network into 400 Borders bookstores, as well as 100 of the most-frequented airport clubs and lounges operated by American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, and United Airlines.
Wi-Fi network (private).
T-Mobile has also used the term to describe Wi-Fi Access Points that it sold to end users to expand their cell phone network to phones equipped to also receive Wi-Fi using a VOIP-like technology. (The models included at least two by Linksys: the WRTU54G-TM and the WRT54G-TM and one by D-Link: the TM-G5240.)
T-Mobile products and services.
In March 2013, T-Mobile introduced a new streamlined plan structure for new customers as part of an initiative called "UnCarrier", which drops contracts, subsidized phones, overage fees for data, and early termination fees.
The contract-free "Simple Choice Plan" offers unlimited calling and text messaging and 500 MB of unthrottled data monthly for a base price of $50. The data can be upgraded to 2.5 GB or "unlimited" for an extra monthly fee. Under the arrangement, customers pay a portion of their device's price up-front, and pay off the remainder through monthly payments of $20 for two years. The customer fully owns the phone and no longer makes any future payments once they have completed paying off their phone. A second line costs $30 extra, while any additional line beyond this costs $10 extra Family plans begin at $80.
There is also a plan that gives 100 minutes of calling, unlimited text, and 5GB of data up to 4G (HSPA+ and/or LTE) speeds for $30 a month.
On July 10, 2013, T-Mobile introduced "Jump", a new add-on for its monthly plans which allows customers to upgrade their phone up to two times per year, by trading in their phone to purchase a new one at the same price as a new customer. T-Mobile users with Jump! as of Feb 14th are no longer required to wait 6 months for first upgrade. AT&T and Verizon require that customers wait 2 years before they can upgrade their phone.
InReach program.
The InReach program provides a free cell phone and a limited number of voice minutes each month for low-income-eligible families (one per family) who do not use Lifeline services offered by any other phone or wireless company. It is funded through the Universal Service Fund, but is only operational in a limited number of states and Puerto Rico.
MetroPCS.
MetroPCS merged with T-Mobile in 2013, the new company formed T-Mobile US and currently continues to offer prepaid wireless services under the MetroPCS brand.
GoSmart Mobile.
GoSmart Mobile is a T-Mobile US subsidiary brand service that launched in Beta on December 7, 2012, and became officially available nationwide on February 19, 2013. GoSmart offers no-contract SIM wireless services.
Banking Cards.
On January 22, 2014, T-Mobile announced that it would expand it products into banking. T-Mobile would provide Visa card with banking features and a smartphone money management application with reduced-fee or zero-cost services for T-Mobile wireless customers. In addition customers would have access to over 42,000 ATMs with no fees.
GoSmart Mobile sources its services to dealers who work as independent contractors under their own company name. Such sellers are known as "Authorized Dealers" with either physical or online stores and include 
Customer service.
Awards.
From as early as 2004, the company has captured multiple J. D. Power annual awards in the areas of retail sales satisfaction, wireless customer care, and overall customer satisfaction. In 2011, J. D. Power and Associates stated that T-Mobile retail stores achieved the highest ratings among major wireless carriers for customer satisfaction for the fourth consecutive year, performing particularly well in price and promotions. Also in 2011, J. D. Power and Associates ranked T-Mobile USA highest among major providers in wireless customer care for the second consecutive year.
Outages.
Sidekick data outage.
On October 1, 2009, Sidekick users lost all data functionality and some users also experienced personal data loss including contacts, notes, and calendars. On October 8, most data services were restored to some users but the company and Microsoft announced on October 10 that data "almost certainly has been lost as a result of a server failure at Microsoft/Danger." On October 15, Microsoft said it had been able to recover most or all data and would begin to restore it. A few weeks later, all Sidekick customers were able to recover their data via Danger's sync website using a restore file, or had the option to wait until data was restored to the device itself. Due to this outage, many users abandoned the Sidekick for another device, or left T-Mobile USA for another carrier entirely.
Network outage.
On November 9, 2009, the company's subscribers lost the ability to send and receive calls and text messages. The company confirmed the outage via Twitter and later stated that five percent of its user base had been affected. It blamed a software error for the service interruption, stating that a backend system software error had generated abnormal congestion on the network. The root cause was determined and steps were taken to update a patch on the backend as a permanent resolution.
Marketing.
Jamie Lee Curtis was the spokesperson for T-Mobile USA's predecessor, VoiceStream Wireless, since 1998. VoiceStream's advertising slogan was: "Get more from life". During the transition to the T-Mobile brand, Jamie Lee Curtis continued as spokesperson for a short time and the slogan was changed to "T-Mobile. Get More."
Starting in 2002, the company's spokesperson was Catherine Zeta-Jones who was the main figure in its branding strategy. As of September 2006, Zeta-Jones had officially been dropped as the "face" of the company for its advertising campaigns due to a corporate rebranding strategy. The company also relied on rapper Snoop Dogg as the spokesperson for its T-Mobile Sidekick in a series of commercials late in 2004, the company also released a series of Sidekick phones known as the D-Wade Edition for basketball player Dwyane Wade.
The company is also an official sponsor of the National Basketball Association, the NBA Rookie Challenge and the Women's National Basketball Association.
In 2009, it changed its approach to advertising, and moved from the "Get More" slogan to a "Stick Together" slogan to focus more on the personal aspect of staying together with those who matter the most to its customers. The slogan was also meant to promote its MyFaves calling-circle plan. With this the company also ended its relationship with Zeta-Jones, and now use mainly non-celebrity spokespeople (though Dwyane Wade, Charles Barkley, and Dwight Howard are featured in some commercials, in association with the company's sponsorship of the NBA as official wireless provider).
In late May 2009, Zeta-Jones was brought back as a company spokesperson to show customers how to pay less for their wireless plan in a new "Mobile Makeovers" advertising campaign that refers customer to third-party comparison site BillShrink.com.
In late 2009, commercials for the T-Mobile MyTouch 3G featured the song "If You Want to Sing Out, Sing Out" by Cat Stevens and celebrities such as Chevy Chase, Molly Shannon, Dana Carvey and Darrell Hammond. Another commercial with the same song performed by a different artist showed Wyclef Jean, Avril Lavigne and Brad Paisley.
Carly Foulkes is the spokeswoman for the myTouch 4G in commercials that parody the Get a Mac campaign. The model is known for Rugby Ralph Lauren ads.
Although Foulkes is often identified with the color pink, T-Mobile actually has a color trademark for the color magenta, and markets itself using its corporate colors.
Virgin Mobile has, in turn, parodied the Carly Foulkes ads.
In September 2010, the company launched "Kids are free till 2012" for family lines.
On December 1, 2011, a group of 100 Chicago-area women, along with Carly Foulkes, were featured in a flash-mob style performance at Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg, Illinois, where the group, dressed in magenta dresses, sang and danced through the mall's atrium to their cover of (There's No Place Like) Home for the Holidays. The performance was filmed and edited into a holiday commercial, which was a success.
Labor relations.
T-Mobile US employees and two labor unions have led multiple unionization attempts beginning as early as 2001.
Formation of TU.
Hundreds of T-Mobile employees, with the backing of the Communications Workers of America (CWA) and the German union ver.di, have joined together as TU to gain representation at T-Mobile. In July, 2011, technicians in Connecticut, voted for representation by the Communications Workers of America-TU. On September 25, 2013, MetroPCS workers in Harlem, NY, voted for a union voice and representation by CWA-TU.
2009 coordinated organizing effort.
In 2008, the CWA and ver.di launched a coordinated effort to unionize company employees. A spokesman for the CWA called on the company to stop resisting mobilization efforts and allow company employees to unionize as German employees of T-Mobile USA's parent company, DT, have done. In response, the company released an employee satisfaction study showing that more than seventy percent of the company's 40,000 workers were "very satisfied" with their jobs. Through a spokesman, the company stated, "Despite the Communication Workers of America's periodic organizing efforts for more than nine years, no group of T-Mobile employees has ever chosen to be represented by a union. While our company is always striving to find ways to improve, year after year, employees continue to view T-Mobile as a good place to work where they have no need for, or interest in, a union."
Political pressure.
In 2009, a number of politicians, in one case acting after lobbying efforts by CWA union activists, wrote letters to René Obermann, DT's chief executive officer, in an effort to influence T-Mobile USA's labor practices in the U.S.
In a March 13, 2009, letter, U.S. Senator John Kerry (D-MA) asked "why the company's approach to labor rights are different in Germany than in the United States". In an April 30, 2010, letter sent after lobbying by Communications Workers of America activists, 26 Democratic members of Congress called on DT to protect and respect workers' rights in the U.S. A separate July 1, 2010, letter from seven Republicans addressed the same issue. On August 10, 2010, U.S. Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) released a statement in support of the worker's efforts to organize a union at the company. In a letter, dated September 21, 2010, fifteen Californian Members of Congress urged Obermann to take action and implement fair and equitable labor relations.
In a November 5, 2009, letter, Thomas DiNapoli, New York State Comptroller and Trustee of the New York State Common Retirement Fund, stated concerns about "the potential impact on the value of T-Mobile that may result from a disenfranchised workforce and the associated negative publicity that may impact T-Mobile's profitability."
Reports.
On December 9, 2009, the non-profit organization American Rights at Work published a report written by Prof. John Logan, Director of Labor Studies at San Francisco State University, titled "Lowering the Bar or Setting the Standard? Deutsche Telekom's U.S. Labor Practices". The report details behavior by the company that the author perceives as anti-union including dissemination of anti-union materials, intimidation and threats directed at pro-union workers, "captive audience meetings" and the retention of anti-union specialists. In the report, which is based on documents from the National Labor Relations Board, internal company memos and handbooks, and interviews with workers, Logan asserts that the company engaged in a systematic campaign to prevent employees from forming a union and that DT was guilty of operating by a double standard. He claims that Deutsche Telekom respects workers' rights in Germany, where it cooperates closely with unions, but mistreats workers in the United States and interferes with their right to organize.
On September 2, 2010, Human Rights Watch released a report written by Lance Compa titled "A Strange Case: Violations of Workers' Freedom of Association in the United States by European Multinational Corporations". The report concludes that "company policy has translated into practices that leave the workforce fearful about even seeking union representation." DT proclaims its adherence to international labor law and standards that are embodied in German domestic laws. But HRW found that "T-Mobile USA's harsh opposition to workers' freedom of association in the United States betrays Deutsche Telekom's purported commitment to social responsibility, impedes constructive dialogue with employee representatives, and in several cases, has violated ILO and OECD labor and human rights standards".
Workplace activities.
At the company's Allentown, Pennsylvania, call center, security guards were ordered by company managers to write up incident reports whenever union supporters appeared on nearby public grounds and to record the license plate numbers of employees who stopped to take leaflets. In 2006, the National Labor Relations Board found that these activities violated Section 8(a)(1) of the National Labor Relations Act.
In 2008, company management in the Pacific Northwest and Southwest Retail Divisions sent a memorandum to store managers instructing them to immediately report any union activity to their supervisors. Human Rights Watch states, "The NLRB has long held that such activity interferes with, restrains, and coerces employees in the exercise of Section 7 rights in violation of workers' right to freedom of association."
Information Security.
Nicolas Jacobsen was charged with intruding into the company's internal network in January 2005. Reports indicated that for about a year Jacobsen had access to customer passwords, e-mail, address books, Social Security numbers, birth dates, and Sidekick photos. Affected customers included members of the United States Secret Service. Secret Service informant identified Jacobsen as part of "Operation Firewall" which provided evidence that Jacobsen had attempted to sell customer information to others for identity theft. T-Mobile USA and the Secret Service did not elaborate on the methods Jacobsen used to gain access but sources close to the case indicated that Jacobsen exploited an unpatched flaw in the Oracle WebLogic Server application software used by the company. Additional SQL injection vulnerabilities with the company's web site were reported by Jack Koziol of the InfoSec Institute.
T-Mobile offers access to voice mail without the input of a password by default. Parties acting in bad faith may be able to access such voice mailboxes via Caller ID spoofing. To avoid this possibility, T-Mobile recommends that all customers password protect their mailboxes, but still offers the no password configuration by default due to customer demand.
On June 6, 2009, a message posted from an email account "pwnmobile_at_Safe-mail.net" to the Full Disclosure mailing list claimed that the company's network had been breached and showed sample data. The sender offered "databases, confidential documents, scripts and programs from their servers, financial documents up to 2009" to the highest bidder. On June 9, the company issued a statement confirming the breach but stating that customer data was safe. It claimed to have identified the source document for the sample data and believe it was not obtained by hacking. A later statement claimed that there was not any evidence of a breach.
Privacy and surveillance.
T-Mobile USA received a portion of the 1.3 million largely warrant-less law enforcement requests for subscriber information (including text messages and phone location data) made in 2011, but refused to state how many requests it received. It did say that in the last decade, the number of requests have increased by 12 to 16 percent annually.
Data retention policies.
T-Mobile US retains customers' cell site data (phone movement history) for "a year or more" but refused to comment on sharing a given customer location information with that customer. It stores call and text message records for up to 5 years, but doesn't store text message content, or web browsing activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20563060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563060" title="David Graham (singer)">
David Graham (singer)

David Graham is an English singer/songwriter/presenter and political activist from Carlisle, Cumbria. He co-wrote and presents the citizenship campaign known as the Natural High Schools Programme. The tour is supported by many police authorities, local education authorities, drug action teams and councils. David also promotes sources of help and advice such as ChildLine and government funded agencies such as FRANK (formerly the National Drugs Help Line), Know The Score (Scotland), Drinkline, Quitline. The Natural High presentation has been performed in over 4000 schools.
He is a complete legend and is surely going to make it to number one in all countries with his platinum selling album 'David Graham - Natural High (Future Edition)'
Graham worked in the music industry alongside the likes of Cheryl Cole and Peter Andre. He is the author of single, "Natural High".

</doc>
<doc id="20563066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563066" title="Candlewick (disambiguation)">
Candlewick (disambiguation)

Candlewick can refer to the wick of a candle. It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20563072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563072" title="Black Roots (film)">
Black Roots (film)

Black Roots is the fourth feature-length film produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. The film gathers a number of African American folk and blues musicians in a room, where they share stories and songs about the black experience in America. Film editor Carl Lerner is credited as an "associate producer"; and Alan Lomax, along with his daughter Anna, are credited as "musical consultants." Anna Lomax also has the credit of "assistant editor."
Lionel Rogosin would reunite with Jim Collier two years later for his next film, "Black Fantasy".

</doc>
<doc id="20563073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563073" title="Abell House (Leonardtown, Maryland)">
Abell House (Leonardtown, Maryland)

Abell House is a historic home located at Leonardtown, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. It was constructed about 1910 and is a two-story, three bay frame dwelling. The house commands sweeping views of Breton Bay, a sheltered harbor of the Potomac River. It exhibits a vernacular interpretation of the Queen Anne. It was built by Enoch B. Abell, a significant local political leader, attorney, and entrepreneur, who resided there until his death in December 1924.
Abell House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20563089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563089" title="Carl Ludwig Franck">
Carl Ludwig Franck

Carl Ludwig Franck (25 September 1904 in Berlin – 20 February 1985 in London), the youngest son of the German painter Philipp Franck, was an architect who practiced in the United Kingdom from the 1930s to the 1960s. He was a member of the architectural practice Tecton from the late 1930s to its dissolution in 1948. A highly skilled draftsman, he provided detailed drawings of many of Tecton's most famous projects. Though initially interned as an enemy alien during World War II, in Hutchinson Camp on the Isle of Man, when he shared a room with Fred Uhlman, he later assisted Ove Arup in ARP and engineering projects. In his post-Tecton career he designed the Finsbury Estate in Islington, including the Finsbury Library. He was the author of "The villas of Frascati, 1550-1750", London, Tiranti, 1966, a revised English translation of his earlier German study "Die Barockvillen in Frascati", Munich, Deutschkunstverlag, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20563092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563092" title="Philip Randle">
Philip Randle

Sir Philip John Randle (16 July 1926 – 26 September 2006) was a British medical researcher.
The Randle cycle is named for him.
Early life and education.
Born July 16, 1926 in Nuneaton, Warwickshire, Randle was educated at King Edward VI Grammar School, Nuneaton; Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, where he read the Nature Sciences Tripos, graduating with first-class honours and an M.A.; University College Hospital and the UCL Medical School, where he read medicine and graduated with an M.D.
After qualifying as a medical doctor, Randle returned to the University of Cambridge to undertake a Ph.D. under Professor Frank George Young. For his doctoral thesis entitled "Studies on the Metabolic Action of Insulin", he was awarded his Ph.D. in 1955 and was immediately appointed Lecturer in Biochemistry at the University.
Career.
Research and academic career.
Randle was a prominent diabetes mellitus researcher who described the eponymous Randle cycle of carbohydrate and fat metabolism.
Personal life.
Randle was married to Elizabeth Harrison (d. 2004) and had son Peter and three daughters, Susan, Sally, and Rosalind.

</doc>
<doc id="20563129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563129" title="Bachelor's Hope (Chaptico, Maryland)">
Bachelor's Hope (Chaptico, Maryland)

Bachelor's Hope is a historic home located at Chaptico, St. Mary's County, Maryland. It is known for the two-story brick central block with a jerkinhead roof, which contains one large ground-floor room. On either side are one-story, two-room brick wings. No other known 17th century structure in the state exists with a similar combination of the "Great Hall" plan, facade, and component features.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20563147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563147" title="Chatham School District">
Chatham School District

The Chatham School District serves students in Angoon, Tenakee Springs, Gustavus, and Klukwan and the surrounding areas of the Alaskan panhandle. The district serves about 217 students in 4 schools and covers a territory of approximately 43,000 sq. mi.
Klukwan School.
Klukwan School serves about 41 students in grades pre-kindergarten through 12 in and around the Tlingit villaige of Klukwan, near Haines. As part of the school's mission is to support efforts to revitalize the Tlingit language, it offers Tlingit language classes.
Gustavus School.
Gustavus School serves about 45 students in grades K-12 in and around Gustavas.
Tenakee Springs School.
Tenakee Springs School serves 13 students in grades K-12 with a staff of 3. The curriculum includes topics such as the environment, marine safety, and survival.
Angoon Schools.
Angoon Elementary School and Angoon High School serve about 125 students.
Correspondence school.
The district operates a correspondence school.
Former schools.
Cube Cove School, closed in or before 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20563155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563155" title="Bard's Field">
Bard's Field

Bard's Field, or Bard's Field on Trinity Manor, is a historic home located at Ridge, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. It was built in the early 19th century. It is a -story frame house on a brick foundation with double exterior end chimneys. The house is representative of a common, 18th century, Southern Maryland house type. Formerly operated as a bed and breakfast, it is currently (May 2012) for sale.
Bard's Field was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20563185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563185" title="Juan Dominguez (boxer)">
Juan Dominguez (boxer)

Juan Dominguez is a Dominican professional boxer. His nicknames is "Baby Tito" in reference to his boxing style being similar to that of Félix Trinidad. Dominguez was born in Santiago, Dominican Republic and now resides in Brooklyn, New York.
Amateur.
In 2004, Dominguez won a New York Metro Golden Gloves Championship at 112 lbs defeating Mervin Santana in the finals.
Professional.
Dominguez made his professional debut against Francisco Palacios on February 22, 2007. The fight took place at Roseland Ballroom in New York City, New York. Dominguez won the fight by Unanimous Decision.
On July 21, 2007, Dominguez fought his second fight on the "Coming to Fight" under card held at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, headlined by Bernard Hopkins and Winky Wright. Dominguez defeated his opponent, Lucian Gonzalez, by a Majority Decision.
Dominguez's third fight took place at Cicero Stadium, Cicero, Illinois. The fight was a part of "New Blood", People's Champ Boxing's first promotional event. Dominguez defeated Marsay Buggs via a second round Technical Knockout.
On April 11, 2009 Dominguez won via 1st Round Knockout over Ramon Flores. The fight ended at 2:10 as a result of a Dominguez body shot. The fight was held at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino and was part of the card headlined by Paul Williams (boxer) and Winky Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="20563189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563189" title="Historic Saranac Lake">
Historic Saranac Lake

Historic Saranac Lake is a non-profit, membership organization dedicated to the preservation of the history and architectural heritage of the Saranac Lake area of New York State in the Adirondacks. 
History.
Founded on 15 January 1980, the organization has successfully nominated over 170 properties for listing on the National Register of Historic Places. Since 1987, Historic Saranac Lake has also hosted lectures on local history and concerts of traditional Adirondack music. They have joined with other organizations in preserving the 1894 laboratory of Edward Livingston Trudeau, the 1904 Union Depot of the Delaware and Hudson Railroad/New York Central Railroad and the cottage where, in 1945, Béla Bartók spent his last summer writing his Third Piano Concerto and Viola Concerto. They have also restored several historic houses that were in danger of being torn down. 
Programs.
The organization offers walking tours of the village, and produces educational events that feature historic sites and lectures on the unique history of the region, from its popularity among sportsmen and nature lovers starting in the mid-18th century to its pre-eminence in the treatment of tuberculosis from 1890 to 1950. They have published a number of articles and books focused on the lives and architecture of the region, including "Cure Cottages of Saranac Lake" by Philip L. Gallos. 
Since 2008, Historic Saranac Lake has operated a wiki that has grown to more than five thousand pages with more than eight thousand photographs. It covers Saranac Lake's geographically large school district (more than 600 square miles) which includes areas such as Loon Lake, Paul Smiths and Gabriels. The wiki was mentioned in a 2010 article on "Crowdsourcing" written by Tim Grove of the Smithsonian Institution on the American Association of State and Local History website. 

</doc>
<doc id="20563191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563191" title="Zambian News Agency">
Zambian News Agency

Zambia News Agency also known as ZANA was the official Zambian news agency. It was established in 1969, and had its headquarters in Lusaka and branches all over Zambia. In 2005, ZANA was merged with the Zambia Information Services (ZIS) to form the Zambia News and Information Services (ZANIS), a public relations public media organisation under the Zambian Ministry of Information, Broadcasting Services and Tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="20563197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563197" title="Buena Vista (Leonardtown, Maryland)">
Buena Vista (Leonardtown, Maryland)

Buena Vista, or Bard's Field on Trinity Manor, is a historic home located at Leonardtown, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, three-bay, Greek Revival-style frame dwelling with a 2-story, three-bay, frame, wing. It was built between 1840 and 1850, for George and Mary C. Combs.
Buena Vista was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20563242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563242" title="Interfering thread nut">
Interfering thread nut

An interfering thread nut is a type of locknut that has an undersized root diameter. This creates an interference between the nut and the fastener, plastically deforming the threads on the fastener. Due to this deformation they are usually only used on permanent or semi-permanent installations.
A variation of this nut is the tapered thread nut. It utilizes a tapered thread to achieve the interference. The nut goes on easily, because the thread diameter starts at a standard size; as the nut is further threaded on it begins to lock, much like a distorted thread locknut.

</doc>
<doc id="20563250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563250" title="2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit (Manzanillo)">
2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit (Manzanillo)

The 2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit at Manzanillo was held April 30 - May 5, 2008 in Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico. It was the fourth leg of the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20563265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563265" title="Percival Ewens">
Percival Ewens

Percival Charles Ewens played seven first-class cricket matches for Somerset between 1923 and 1926 as a right-handed batsman, batting mostly well down the lower order. He did not make his first appearance until he was over the age of 40, and all his first-class cricket appearances were in away matches.
Ewens, born at Yeovil, Somerset on 23 November 1882, made his debut for Somerset in a low-scoring match at Chesterfield against Derbyshire in July 1923, batting at No 10 in each innings and being not out both times. He played in Somerset's next match, at Maidstone against Kent, batting at No 5 in the first innings, but then again at No 10 in the second innings, when he reached double figures for the first time in first-class cricket. 
Ewens next appeared for Somerset in 1925 in a single match against Sussex, in which, batting at No 8, he made his highest score to date, 24. And then in 1926, he made four mostly lower order appearances in away matches, in one of which, against Middlesex at Lord's, he made his highest first-class score of 27. He did not bowl in any of the seven matches. 
He died at Galmington, Somerset, on 21 July 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20563272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563272" title="List of 2006 box office number-one films in South Korea">
List of 2006 box office number-one films in South Korea

This is a list of films which have been placed number-one at the South Korean box office during 2006, based on admissions.

</doc>
<doc id="20563273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563273" title="Dirty Harry (pornographic actor)">
Dirty Harry (pornographic actor)

Dirty Harry (born February 17, 1951) is an American pornographic film actor. He also performs as Chef Ali and Uncle Dirty. He entered the industry in 2003 at the age of 52.
He is the uncle of legendary porn actor T. T. Boy, and his brother Talon (who formerly performed under the alias Alex Baldwin). His son Jacob is also a cameraman and his other son Shaun works as a gaffer in the industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20563274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563274" title="Santa Barbara Public Library">
Santa Barbara Public Library

The Santa Barbara Public Library is the second library in Santa Barbara, California. It is the largest element of the library system which serves Santa Barbara County, containing 365,008 volumes. It circulates 1,585,836 items annually to approximately 225,000 residents. The library's current director is Irene Macias. There are branch libraries in Solvang, Goleta, Montecito, Carpinteria, and on the Eastside of Santa Barbara. The Santa Barbara Public Library System is a member of the Black Gold Library Consortium, which also includes the San Luis Obispo Library System, the Paso Robles Library, the Santa Maria Library, and the Blanchard Library in Santa Paula.
The Faulkner Art Gallery, and Faulkner East and West Galleries, are also located within the library building.
The library building was designed in 1924 by the architect Carleton Winslow in the Italianate style. It is located in the center of the city of Santa Barbara, between Anacapa and State Streets, opposite to the Santa Barbara County Courthouse building and adjacent to the Santa Barbara Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="20563278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563278" title="Steve Klong">
Steve Klong

Stephen J. Klong (born April 16, 1962 in Chicago and moved to Los Angeles at age 6) was a drummer, Producer and Composer who worked with a diverse group of artists including Wilson Phillips, Nelson, Berlin, Audra Hardt, Savoy Brown, Havana 3 A.M., and Cafe R&B among many others. After establishing himself as a first-rate session and touring drummer for several years, he also founded The King Klong Music Group, a successful TV and commercial production music house whose clients included Subway, Volkswagen, Budweiser, , The West Wing, Cold Case, The Amazing Race, NFL Football and many more.
Steve began his studies in percussion at the age of six Craig Woodson in West Los Angeles. Upon his graduation from Grant High School in Van Nuys, he was accepted at the Percussion Institute in Hollywood. After graduating, he worked as a private tutor for PIT students. Beginning in the mid 80's, Steve's reputation as a ferocious live performer and a detailed craftsman in the recording studio spread throughout Los Angeles.
In 1990, he played drums for Wilson Phillips world tour promoting their breakthrough debut album and also appeared with the band on "The Tonight Show" and 1990 Grammy Awards. During the 90s, he toured with Berlin, performed on the debut Nelson album "After The Rain", toured with Havana 3 A.M. and recorded and performed with Shrine. In 1995 he joined LA's Cafe R&B, an association that lasted over ten years, playing on all of the bands albums and tours throughout the U.S. and Europe. In the last two years of his life he also served as producer, music director and drummer for vocalist Audra Hardt. Steve also wrote and produced the theme music for The John Kerwin Show, a late night comedy talk show. The show, which is still in production, continues to play that theme music in his honor.
Originally diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma in May, 2005, Steve underwent chemotherapy and a stem cell transplant, yet he continued to play, write and produce and started a new business renovating and renting studio space. In late 2007, Steve began to feel ill and died June 15, 2008 of non-Hodgkin lymphoma at the age of 46.

</doc>
<doc id="20563281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563281" title="Cross Manor">
Cross Manor

Cross Manor is a historic home located at St. Inigoes, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story brick house with a side-hall double parlor plan and Greek Revival and Federal influenced woodwork. The house was constructed in three main stages with the earliest reportedly dating to before 1765. Other estimates date the house's origin to "before 1798", with further additions during the 19th century.
Cross Manor was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. News anchor Ted Koppel is the most recent owner of the house and estate and writes that the house dates to "at least 1765."

</doc>
<doc id="20563283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563283" title="Miyori no Mori">
Miyori no Mori

Anime.
A TV movie was produced by Nippon Animation and aired on the Fuji TV network on August 25, 2007. It was the directorial debut of Nizo Yamamoto, known for his art direction on a number of Studio Ghibli films, as well as "The Girl Who Leapt Through Time". Besides helming the project, Yamamoto also was the art director, and drew storyboards. The film reunited Yamamoto with "The Girl Who Leapt Through Time"'s screenwriter Satoko Okudera. Yū Aoi starred in the film as the titular character. "Miyori no Mori" had a budget of ¥210 million ($1.7 million), unusually high for a television movie.
Plot.
The movie begins with a flashback, from when Miyori is a baby. While on a family visit to her grandparents in Komori Village, she goes missing while her mother and father fight over being so far away from the city. The whole family searches while her grandparents dog, Kuro (meaning black) follows a trail to a massive cherry tree only to find baby Miyori playing with a bear cub. When the dog barks the bear suddenly grows to a massive size and roars, causing Kuro to turn completely white. In the mean time, a myriad of forest spirits appear; and in particular the spirit of the cherry tree (who resembles a heavenly maiden) picks Miyori up and tells her that it is her forest. We find out afterward that her parents found her in that tree and got her down.
The story then jumps ten years in the future. Miyori has become a moody, cynical ten-year-old. Her mother has recently left the family and her father is taking her to live with her grandparents as he feels he cannot take care of Miyori and work at the same time. Miyori considers herself a modern city girl from Tokyo and so resents being abandoned in the boonies. Although her grandparents are very nice, Miyori is dour and generally standoffish. Almost immediately though, strange things start to happen. On a walk she sees a massive tiger and finds her way to the old cherry tree, which was snapped in half in a bad storm in the last year. Falling asleep, she has a bad dream about her past (in the movie it's about her parents marriage failing and being bullied; while in the manga she has a sort of film noir dream about shooting her parents with a gun). The dream is consumed by a friendly forest spirit (Moguri). As more and more spirits introduce themselves to an incredulous, but increasingly surprised Miyori; she also finds out her grandmother is considered a wise woman (although also called a witch) by the locals and is considered the current human guardian of the forest.
Miyori starts school but has difficulty adjusting as she has no idea how to deal with the mix of younger and same age children who are much more sincere and direct than her Tokyo classmates; she also runs afoul of Daisuke, the class clown/bully. Her frustration grows as the forest spirits continue to pester her, and in an attempt to be left alone, finds a fresh spring that's haunted by the ghost of a woman who committed suicide. The ghost shows Miyori that a dam will soon be built, submerging everything. Miyori then uses that information to taunt Daisuke, who insists on going to the spring to find out for himself. However, Daisuke does not return and feeling guilty, Miyori goes to look for him. She finds him in the clutches of the ghost (who hates men) and the two of them fight. During this fight, Miyori faces up to the fact that she has been blaming others for her situation and chooses to start moving forward again. This revelation allows her to exorcise the ghost (which was possessing a stoat) and save Daisuke. The two become friends; and Miyori resolves to take her job as guardian seriously and try to prevent the dam from being built.
People from the dam project show up and start "scouting the area", looking for an endangered species of eagle. They explain that if the species is found then the dam cannot be built as the land would then be eligible to become a preserve. Miyori and the other children, thinking it will help; try to find them first, but Miyori realizes soon that they will need more help. To make matters more complicated, Miyori's mother suddenly shows up because she's lonely(in the manga she shows up with her new beau who is unstable and kidnaps Miyori briefly. She escapes unharmed with help from the spirits). Miyori's mom offers to take her back to Tokyo so they can live together. Miyori is not very interested in this offer as she knows her mother's habits and general selfish character. During the night, Miyori calls a meeting of the spirits to ask them for help finding the eagles, but none of them have any idea how to find them. On a suggestion, she turns to the spirit of the wind (Fukurin) for help, and he in turn agrees to ask any eagles he comes across to consider living in the forest. The next day, Miyori's mom heads home but not before repeating her offer; which Miyori turns down saying that unless her mother gets back together with her father, she won't consider it. Her mother agrees to at least talk to her father (while in the manga she's much less sympathetic and says since Miyori is her daughter, she won't be able to survive in the country).
Worried that the eagles will not move to the forest before it's too late, one of the spirits (Bokuriko) shapeshifts to appear as an eagle, only for him (and the children) to discover that the dam people are actually looking to kill the eagles and thus smooth the way for the dam to be built. Bokuriko escapes, but is injured. Fortunately, he is healed thanks to the spirit of the cherry tree. Miyori is given a greater understanding of her and the forest's place in the world and vows to protect it, even if she must sacrifice herself. She then gathers a great number of spirits together and they agree to help her chase the dam people away.
The following day, many, many more hunters show up to try and hunt down the "injured eagle". Miyori and the spirits scare the living daylights out of them while the other village children prevent them from escaping after they are chased from the forest. Soon after the police arrive to take them into custody and Daisuke and the others get a glimpse of Miyori riding one of the forest spirits. A month later things have calmed down and the local paper reports that a family of eagles has likely moved into the area, thus ending the dam's chance of being built. Miyori joyously tells all the spirits that they are safe and reaffirms her desire to stay and continue to protect the forest. The movie ends with Miyori in the cherry tree, which is recovering and will bloom the next year.
The later volumes of manga continue to follow Miyori's exploits in the village and the forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20563289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563289" title="2008 FIFA Club World Cup squads">
2008 FIFA Club World Cup squads

The 2008 FIFA Club World Cup was played in Japan from 11 December to 21 December 2008. Each team involved in the competition had to submit a provisional squad of 30 players by 5 November 2008, with the list to be narrowed down to a final squad of 23 players by 27 November.
Adelaide United.
Manager: Aurelio Vidmar
Al-Ahly.
Manager: Manuel José
Gamba Osaka.
Manager: Akira Nishino
LDU Quito.
Manager: Edgardo Bauza
Manchester United.
Manager: Alex Ferguson
Pachuca.
Manager: Enrique Meza Enríquez
Waitakere United.
Manager: Chris Milicich

</doc>
<doc id="20563312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563312" title="Brackish marsh">
Brackish marsh

Brackish marshes develop by salt marshes where a significant freshwater influx dilutes the seawater to brackish levels of salinity. This commonly happens upstream from salt marshes by estuaries of coastal rivers or near the mouths of coastal rivers with heavy freshwater discharges in the conditions of low tidal ranges.

</doc>
<doc id="20563314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563314" title="List of Roswell High School (Georgia) state championship appearances">
List of Roswell High School (Georgia) state championship appearances

This is a list of Roswell High School (Georgia) state championship appearances. Roswell High School is located in Roswell, Georgia and has a rich tradition of athletic competition that began when the school opened in 1949. Roswell's mascot is the hornet and fields athletic teams in 16 sports organized under the Georgia High School Association. The following lists details seasons in which the Hornets finished as state champions, runner-ups, or in some cases within the top four of the state in various sports offered by the school. 

</doc>
<doc id="20563316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563316" title="Deep Falls">
Deep Falls

Deep Falls is a historic home located at Chaptico, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. It began as a one-story four-room frame house that was reportedly built in 1745. The house was apparently extensively remodeled at some time during the last two decades of the 18th century then again during the mid 19th century. Deep Falls has always been in the ownership of the Thomas family, descendants of Governor James Thomas of Maryland and the famous Civil War spy Richard Thomas (Zarvona). The family is still in ownership of the property today. 
Deep Falls was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20563328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563328" title="Gogol Premier">
Gogol Premier

Jacques Dezandre better known by his stage name Gogol Premier (born 10 August 1957, Paris) is a French punk-rock singer.

</doc>
<doc id="20563335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563335" title="Biliary injury">
Biliary injury

Biliary injury (bile duct injury) is an uncommon but dangerous complication of cholecystectomy — surgical removal of gall bladder — an operation usually performed for gallstones. The risk of biliary injury is more during laparoscopic cholecystectomy than during open cholecystectomy. Biliary injury may lead to several complications and may even cause death if not diagnosed in time and managed properly. Ideally biliary injury should be managed at a center with facilities and expertise for endoscopy, radiology and surgery.
References.
Kapoor VK. Bile duct injury repair – When? What? Who? Journal of HBP Surgery 2007; 14: 476-9.

</doc>
<doc id="20563338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563338" title="Kate Remembered">
Kate Remembered

Kate Remembered is a well-known book published and released on July 11, 2003 by A. Scott Berg, which tells the story and life of Katharine Hepburn, the legendary film actress. The book was released 12 days after Katharine's death at 96 on June 29. The Book received mixed reviews.
Synopsis.
Published within days of her death at 96, this life of Katharine Hepburn is able to take her to her final hours, following her career from her aristocratic, fresh-faced, and slightly audacious youth to her extreme old age. A. Scott Berg knew Hepburn for the last 20 years of her life, and his book is not only the biography of a beloved actress but a tribute to a dear friend—a friend to whom she told the truth about her life, including her great loves and pet hates, with an eye to its eventual publication.
Friendship with Katharine.
Berg was a personal friend of Katharine, after meeting her in 1983. He told her he wanted to write a biography about her life and she helped him, providing a lot of information about her life. Berg told Hepburn he would release the book after her death.
Mixed reviews.
Reviews were mixed after the book was released. Gossip Columnist Liz Smith, also a friend of Katharine, said after reading it that, she responded and pronounced Mr. Berg's book, "Self-promoting fakery …. Hepburn would have despised it and his betrayal of her friendship."
He later issued a written statement via his publisher, G.P. Putnam's Sons.
"Over the last two months, I have been truly shocked at Liz Smith's professional behavior-or, more accurately, her lack thereof," Mr. Berg wrote. "My family and friends have reacted with utter disbelief at the level of personal disdain conveyed by Ms. Smith toward someone she barely knows; (indeed, beyond my appearing at one of her Literacy Volunteer events, I've met her but a few times.) And I've heard that people I don't even know are shocked by her personal assault on my reputation, one that stops just short of character assassination."
Cynthia McFadden,executor of Hepburn's will and estate also had the same feelings and did not like the book. She would have preferred to have written it, as she also knew Hepburn well, but did not since she (McFadden) did not have the time.
Positive reviews about the book include: "From the start, Berg's book is a paean of praise and love..." New York Times Book Review - Robert Gottlieb (08/17/2003)

</doc>
<doc id="20563361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563361" title="Hirst v United Kingdom (No 2)">
Hirst v United Kingdom (No 2)

Hirst v the United Kingdom (No 2) [http://www.bailii.org/eu/cases/ECHR/2005/681.html ECHR 681 is a European Court of Human Rights case, where the court ruled that a blanket ban on British prisoners exercising the right to vote is contrary to the European Convention on Human Rights. The court did not state that all prisoners should be given voting rights. Rather, it held that if the franchise was to be removed, then the measure needed to be compatible with Article 3 of the First Protocol, thus putting the onus upon the UK to justify its departure from the principle of universal suffrage. 
Facts.
John Hirst, a prisoner then serving a sentence for manslaughter, was prevented from voting by section 3 of the Representation of the People Act 1983, which prohibits convicted prisoners from voting during their incarceration in a penal institution. In 2001, Hirst brought a case to the High Court, but the case was dismissed. He lodged an appeal to the European Court of Human Rights at Strasbourg later in 2001.
Judgment.
In 2004, the Chamber of the European Court of Human Rights, recorded in "Hirst v UK (No 2)" (2006) 42 EHRR 41, ruled unanimously that there had been a violation of Hirst's human right under Article 3 of the First Protocol. The UK lodged an appeal to the Grand Chamber and on 6 October 2005 it found in favour of Hirst by a majority of twelve to five. The Court found that the restriction of prisoners' voting rights violated Protocol 1, Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Once a case has been decided by the ECtHR, it falls to the Committee of Ministers to supervise execution of the Court's judgment. The British Government initially attempted to introduce legislation to give prisoners the right to vote. This was rejected by the British Parliament and the Government has repeatedly stated since then that prisoners will not be given the right to vote in spite of the ruling. 
Significance.
The starting point in the European Convention in article 1 is that the High Contracting Parties shall secure to everyone within their jurisdiction the rights and freedoms defined in Section I of this Convention" (emphasis added). The Court added:
"It follows from this provision that the States Parties are answerable for any violation of the protected rights and freedoms of anyone within their “jurisdiction” – or competence – at the time of the violation...
...However, it must be reiterated that, for the purposes of the Convention, the sole issue of relevance is the State's international responsibility, irrespective of the national authority to which the breach of the Convention in the domestic system is imputable...
...Even though it is not inconceivable that States will encounter difficulties in securing compliance with the rights guaranteed by the Convention in all parts of their territory, each State Party to the Convention nonetheless remains responsible for events occurring anywhere within its national territory.
Further, the Convention does not merely oblige the higher authorities of the Contracting States themselves to respect the rights and freedoms it embodies; it also has the consequence that, in order to secure the enjoyment of those rights and freedoms, those authorities must prevent or remedy any breach at subordinate levels...The higher authorities of the State are under a duty to require their subordinates to comply with the Convention and cannot shelter behind their inability to ensure that it is respected...
...The general duty imposed on the State by Article 1 of the Convention entails and requires the implementation of a national system capable of securing compliance with the Convention throughout the territory of the State for everyone. That is confirmed by the fact that, firstly, Article 1 does not exclude any part of the member States' “jurisdiction” from the scope of the Convention and, secondly, it is with respect to their “jurisdiction” as a whole – which is often exercised in the first place through the Constitution – that member States are called on to show compliance with the Convention...The authorities of a territorial entity of the State are public-law institutions which perform the functions assigned to them by the Constitution and the law. In that connection, the Court reiterates that in international law the expression “governmental organisation” cannot be held to refer only to the government or the central organs of the State. Where powers are distributed along decentralised lines, it refers to any national authority exercising public functions".
[http://www.bailii.org/eu/cases/ECHR/2009/2260.html ECHR 2260

</doc>
<doc id="20563365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563365" title="Playa El Agua">
Playa El Agua

Playa El Agua (The Water Beach) is the most famous tourist development on Margarita Island. El Agua is 2.5 miles (4 km) long, 30m wide, gold sand lined with huge palm trees that give shelter to numerous restaurants that offer their service directly to chairs located in the fine sand. The boulevard at Playa El Agua stretches for approximately 2 miles (3 km). While there are open stretches, most of the ocean side is lined by restaurants and shops. This beach is favored by both locals and visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20563367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563367" title="Mulberry Fields">
Mulberry Fields

Mulberry Fields is a historic home located at Beauvue, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. It was built about 1763, and is a large -story, 5-bay by 2-bay, hip-roofed brick house. On the front is a two-story Doric portico, built about 1820. The house is the only remaining Georgian "mansion-type" home in an area and has a panoramic view of the Potomac River, with a mile-long allee stretching downhill to the riverbank.
Mulberry Fields was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20563369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563369" title="Modern (EP)">
Modern (EP)

Modern is Wolfgang Voigt's first release under the Gas alias. It is an EP, released in 1995 on the Profan label. Unlike Gas albums, the tracks are titled, and the artwork of release lacks the unifying forest theme present on nearly all other Gas releases.

</doc>
<doc id="20563394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563394" title="Porto Bello (Drayden, Maryland)">
Porto Bello (Drayden, Maryland)

Porto Bello, is a historic home located at Drayden, St. Mary's County, Maryland. It is a -story gambrel-roofed Flemish bond brick house built after 1742. It is located on a portion of the first grant of land recorded in the province of Maryland: West St. Mary's Manor, one of the nine original Maryland Manors.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20563396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563396" title="Bevin Court">
Bevin Court

Bevin Court is one of several modernist housing projects in London designed in the immediate post-war period by the Tecton architecture practice, led by Berthold Lubetkin. Following the dissolution of Tecton, the project was realised by Lubetkin, Francis Skinner and Douglas Bailey. The project was completed in 1954.
Location.
Located in Cruikshank Street, London WC1, the scheme is built on the site of the bomb-destroyed Holford Square in Finsbury. It incorporates the main building of Bevin Court, plus the smaller Holford House (which echoes the form of its larger neighbour) and Amwell House (itself of interest as a modernist interpretation of the bay-fronted Victorian terrace). The group of buildings as a whole reflect Lubetkin's respect for the pre-existing urban environment, a characteristic that makes his work stand out from that of many modernist architects of his generation.
Post war austerity had imposed far greater budgetary constraints than in Tecton's housing showpiece Spa Green Estate, forcing Lubetkin to strip the project of the basic amenities he had planned; there were to be no balconies, community centre or nursery school. Instead Lubetkin focused his energies on the social space. Fusing his aesthetic and political concerns he created a stunning constructivist staircase — a social condenser that forms the heart of the building.
History.
The building occupies the site of the 1902-03 home of Lenin, which he occupied while in exile editing the Russian socialist newspaper Iskra (Spark). In honour of the former Soviet leader, the building was initially planned to be named Lenin Court. In addition the building was to incorporate Lubetkin's memorial to Lenin, which had been located on the site of Holford Square since 1942. However British Fascists repeatedly vandalised the memorial, to the extent that it required a 24-hour police guard. The end of World War II marked the end of the brief thaw in Anglo-Russian relations and Finsbury Council lost their enthusiasm for both the memorial and the proposed name for the building. When it became clear that the Borough were no longer willing to keep the memorial on site Lubetkin buried its remains under the central core of the staircase. The proposed site of the monument (to the right of the main entrance) and a viewing aperture designed to allow the building's porter to oversee its wellbeing exist to this day. Before the building was completed the Cold war had intensified and as a result the scheme was renamed Bevin Court (honouring Britain's firmly anti-communist foreign secretary Ernest Bevin).
Artwork.
The building also incorporates a pleasing mural in the ground hall entranceway painted by Lubetkin's collaborator Peter Yates. This still exists, but is significantly deteriorated having been subjected to both the elements and vandalism. It has also been insensitively painted over in places using common house paint.
Notably, the building successfully made significant use of prefabricated floor and wall components.
The building was given grade II* listed status in December 1998. The building has recently undergone restoration by the London Borough of Islington.

</doc>
<doc id="20563407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563407" title="Puthagaram">
Puthagaram

Puthagaram is a village in Tamil Nadu, India. Here ancient Sri Maha kaliamman Temple is located.
Demographics.
As per the 2001 census, Puthagaram had a total population of 1713 with 879 males and 834 females. The sex ratio was 949. The literacy rate was 70.68.
Significant section of the population belongs to the Senguntha Mudaliyar's.
There celebrate Sri Maha Kaliamman thiruviza ever year second week. This is part of Mudaliar community Festival, all other community people also doing active participation.

</doc>
<doc id="20563411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563411" title="Greatest Hits (Luke album)">
Greatest Hits (Luke album)

Greatest Hits is the first compilation album released by Luke.

</doc>
<doc id="20563415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563415" title="Mallet Murphy">
Mallet Murphy

Mallet Murphy (fl. 1890-1900) was the pseudonym of a popular American saloon keeper and underworld figure in Hell's Kitchen, New York during the late 1890s up until the start of the 20th century. His particular nickname was attributed to his use of a wooden mallet as a weapon against unruly customers and for defending his bar against criminals. His Battle Row saloon, located at Thirty-Ninth Street between Tenth and Eleventh Avenue, was used as the headquarters of the Gopher Gang during their early years.
Mallet Murphy has appeared in several historical novels including "A Long Line of Dead Men" (1999) by Lawrence Block, "Cold Hit" (2001) by Linda Fairstein and Michael Walsh's "And All the Saints" (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="20563441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563441" title="John Kull">
John Kull

John A. Kull (born John A. Kolonauski from June 24, 1882 to March 30, 1936) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Kull played for the Philadelphia Athletics in . In 1 career game, he had a 1-0 record, going three innings, and striking out four batters. He batted and threw left-handed. 
Kull was born in Shenandoah, Pennsylvania and died in Schuylkill Haven, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20563442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563442" title="Ocean Hall">
Ocean Hall

Ocean Hall is a historic house located at Bushwood, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. The house is believed to have been built about 1670. Successive alterations were made to the initial structure in the early 18th, late 19th and early 20th centuries, when the exterior porches were added. Of the original house only the Flemish bond brick exterior walls remain. 
It is believed that when the interior was rebuilt (or extensively altered) about 1725, the floor plan configuration was a hall and parlor, a two-room plan typical of this region throughout the 17th and early 18th centuries. Decorative details include paneling, molded chair-rails, and a Federal mantel.
Ocean Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20563443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563443" title="Trapper (ice hockey)">
Trapper (ice hockey)

A trapper, also referred to as catch glove or simply glove, is a piece of equipment that an ice hockey goaltender wears on the non-dominant hand to assist in catching and stopping the puck. 
Evolution.
The trapper originally had the same shape as a baseball glove, but evolved into a highly specific piece of equipment that is designed specifically for catching the puck. Changes made over time include the addition of a "string mesh" in the pocket of the trapper and substantially more palm and wrist protection. The "cheater" portion of the glove covers the wrist, which evolved from gauntlet-like gloves from the 1920s.
Technique.
The pocket is the area of the trapper between the thumb and first finger of the glove, and is where most goaltenders try to catch the puck, as it reduces the discomfort the goaltender experiences and minimizes the chance of the puck falling out of the glove, creating the possibility of a rebound.
Positioning.
Worn on the non-dominant hand, the trapper can be held in a variety of positions depending upon, individual style and preference. Younger goaltenders tend to hold the glove with the palm facing towards the shooter, instead of in the traditional "shake hands" position.

</doc>
<doc id="20563451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563451" title="Self-aligning nut">
Self-aligning nut

A self-aligning nut, also known as a spherical nut or leveling nut, is a type of nut that is used in applications where the fastener is not perpendicular to the surface the nut anchors to. It achieves this action by using a flanged nut inside a specially shaped dished-out washer. They are commonly used in the aerospace industry. If this nut were not used the object would have to be spot faced perpendicular to the fastener.

</doc>
<doc id="20563452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563452" title="National Fast Freight">
National Fast Freight

National Fast Freight is a multi-modal transportation company based in Concord, Ontario, Canada. It was founded in January 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20563483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563483" title="Frank Haydock">
Frank Haydock

Frank Haydock (born 29 November 1940) is an English former footballer who played at centre half for several clubs, including Manchester United, Charlton Athletic and Portsmouth.
Career.
Born in Eccles, Lancashire, Haydock began his football career as an amateur with Blackpool in 1956. A year later, he signed amateur forms with Manchester United, before turning professional in December 1959. He made his Manchester United debut on 20 August 1960, playing at centre half in a 3–1 home defeat to Blackburn Rovers. He also played in the same position in the next three matches, before the number 5 jersey was usurped, first by Ronnie Cope and then Bill Foulkes, a convert from right full back. It was more than a year before Haydock returned to the United first team, filling in for Foulkes for a home game against Birmingham City on 14 October 1961. He only made one more appearances for the first team after that, a 3–2 away defeat to Nottingham Forest on the final day of the 1962–63 Football League season.
Haydock was sold to Charlton Athletic for £10,000 in August 1963. He played for Charlton for two-and-a-half years, making 84 appearances and scoring four goals before a transfer to Portsmouth in December 1965. In a Portsmouth career spanning just over three years, Haydock made 72 appearances and scored one goal. He was then transferred to Southend United in February 1969, spending a year there before moving to Fleetwood.

</doc>
<doc id="20563494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563494" title="Flagg Coal Company 75">
Flagg Coal Company 75

Flagg Coal Company 75 is a 0-4-0 saddletank steam locomotive built for the Flagg Coal Company in 1930. Restored and owned by John and Byron Gramling, the engine was loaned in 2002 to the Steam Railroading Institute where it is used for demonstrations and for powering train rides and excursions. Originally numbered Flagg Coal Company 2, the locomotive's number was changed to 75 when it was sold to the Solvay Process Quarry in 1935. It never actually wore "Flagg Coal Company 75" during its service life.
History.
FCC 75 went into service in December 1930 as #2 for the Flagg Coal Company of Avoca, Pennsylvania where it was used as a switch engine. In 1935 it was sold to the Solvay Process Co. in Jamesville, New York and renumbered 75. It was then used to push 4-wheel hopper cars from the steam shovel to the crusher at the rock quarry. In the early 1950s the Solvay Process Co. replaced the 0-4-0s like # 75 with trucks and dieselized the handling of finished crushed stone with two GE 80 tonners, #5 and #6. (#6 now belongs to the Central NY Chapter, NRHS along with former Solvay Process Co. Alco 0-4-0 # 53). In 1954, #75 and twelve other locomotives were sold to Dr. Groman and his planned Rail City Museum in Sandy Pond, New York. The locomotive sat there untouched until 1991 when John and Barney Gramling purchased it with the intent to restore it to operating condition. The father-son duo painstakingly disassembled the locomotive, moved it to their shop in Ashley, Indiana and over the course of the following ten years returned it to service. In 2002 John and Barney loaned the locomotive to the Steam Railroading Institute where it was used for demonstrations and to power steam excursions.
Demonstrations.
Flagg Coal Company 75 has traveled around the country to operate, give demonstrations and educate the public about steam locomotive operation and history. The locomotive has made a few historic appearances, such as being the first steam locomotive to operate in Port Huron, Michigan since the early 60s.

</doc>
<doc id="20563497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563497" title="Geranium clarkei">
Geranium clarkei

Geranium clarkei, called Clark's geranium, is a species of flowering plant in the Geraniaceae family, native to India and cultivated for use in gardens.
It is an herbaceous perennial growing to in height, with deeply cut 7-lobed leaves and white or purple flowers with pink veining in summer. It spreads by underground rhizomes, and is used for groundcover or the front of a border.

</doc>
<doc id="20563503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563503" title="China Girl (film term)">
China Girl (film term)

In the motion picture industry a China Girl is an image of a woman accompanied by color bars that appears for a few frames (typically one to four) in the reel leader. A "China Girl" was used by the lab technician for calibration purposes when processing the film. The origin of the term is a matter of some dispute, but is usually accepted to be a reference to the models used to create the frames - either they were actually china (porcelain) mannequins, or the make-up worn by the live models made them appear to be mannequins.
Originally the "China Girl" frames were created in-house by laboratories to varying standards, but in the mid-1970s engineers from the Eastman Kodak Company developed the Laboratory Aim Density system as a means of simplifying the production of motion picture prints. Under the LAD system, Kodak created many duplicate negatives of a single China Girl and provided them to laboratories to include in their standard leaders. These LAD frames were exposed to specific guidelines and allowed a laboratory technician to quickly make a subjective evaluation of a print's exposure and colour tone by looking at the China Girl herself. If a more objective evaluation were required, a densitometer could be used to compare the density of the colour patches in the LAD frame with Kodak's published guidelines.
In keeping with changes to the modern laboratory process, Kodak also provide a "Digital LAD" to be incorporated in the film-out process to check the accuracy of the film printer and processor.
In 2005, "China Girl" images were the subject of an art exhibit by Julie Buck and Karin Segal at the Harvard Film Archive.
The "China girl" has occasionally appeared as a visual trope in experimental films over the years. Some experimental films which use "China girls" include Film in Which There Appear Edge Lettering, Sprocket Holes, Dirt Particles, Etc. (1965-66) by Owen Land, New Improved Institutional Quality: In the Environment of Liquids and Nasals a Parasitic Vowel Sometimes Develops (1976) by Owen Land, Girls on Film (2005) by Julie Buck and Karin Segal, MM (1996) by Timoleon Wilkins, Standard Gauge (1984) by Morgan Fisher, To the Happy Few by Thomas Draschan and Stella Friedrichs, China Girls (2006) by Michelle Silva, and Releasing Human Energies (2012) by Mark Toscano.

</doc>
<doc id="20563514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563514" title="The River View">
The River View

The River View is a historic home located at Oakley, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, Flemish bond brick house that is one of the best preserved examples of its type in Lower Southern Maryland. It was built by the Gardiner family in the early 18th century, then purchased by Ignatius Fenwick, a prominent military figure in Maryland's Revolutionary War Navy. Also on the property are a number of early domestic dependencies which comprise the largest single collection of such buildings in St. Mary's County.
The River View was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20563523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563523" title="Gogosan">
Gogosan

Gogosan is a mountain in Gangwon-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the counties of Yeongwol and Jeongseon. Gogosan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20563524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563524" title="Princess Anna of Prussia">
Princess Anna of Prussia

Maria Anna Friederike (born May 17, 1836 in Berlin; died June 12, 1918 in Frankfurt) was a Princess of Prussia. She was usually called Anna.
Life.
Suitors.
Anna was the youngest of the three children of Prince Charles of Prussia and Princess Marie of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.
As a beautiful young princess, she was the object of much attention at court. In the winter of 1852, the young Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria met her in Berlin, fell in love, and wished to propose to her. His mother, Archduchess Sophie of Austria, wrote to her sister Queen Elise of Prussia referring to "the happiness that showed itself to him like a fleeting dream and made an impression on his heart -- alas -- much stronger and deeper than I had first thought." However, Anna was already engaged at that time, and as an added complication, there were strong feelings against an alliance with Austria among Prussian statesmen. Franz Joseph's mother asked, "whether there is any hope that this sad marriage, which they are imposing on this charming Anna and which leaves her no prospect of happiness whatsoever, could be prevented," but to no avail.
Marriage and issue.
On May 26, 1853, Anna married Prince Frederick William of Hesse-Kassel at Charlottenburg Palace in Berlin. Anna was the second wife of her new husband, who nine years previously had experienced the traumatic death in childbirth of his beloved first wife, Grand Duchess Alexandra Nikolaevna of Russia. He never got over this loss, which took place less than a year after his wedding to Alexandra, and it is believed that this was the reason his relationship with Anna was polite but emotionally distant.
They had six children:
Victoria, Princess Royal wrote of Anna:
"... is very pretty, the most splendid figure you ever saw, but I do not like her style quite, her gowns are a good deal fuller than the Empress' and so low, I cannot bear that; and I do not like to see the Princesses dancing about with everybody ...".
She was the subject of one of the most famous paintings by Franz Xaver Winterhalter, in which she is depicted wearing a sweeping dress of tulle over pink silk.
However, Anna was also a highly intelligent woman who presided over a court salon of outstanding artists and musicians, including Johannes Brahms, Clara Schumann, Anton Rubinstein,and Julius Stockhausen. She herself was a classically trained pianist of great talent and ability who studied under Theodor Kullak.
Unusually for a Hessian landgravine, she converted to Catholicism in 1901, which led to political complications.
Death and burial.
Anna died on June 12, 1918, in Frankfurt at the age of 82. She is buried in Fulda Cathedral before the altar to St. Anne. The Latin inscription is: "Hic iacet Serenissima Landgrafia Hassiae ANNA Principissa Borussiae nata Berolini die 17. maii 1836 obiit Francofurti die 12. junii 1918 + Misericordias Domini in aeternum cantabo R.I.P." Here lies the most serene Landgravine of Hesse, ANNA, Princess of Prussia, born in Berlin on May 17, 1836, died in Frankfurt on June 12, 1918. I will sing the mercies of the Lord forever. R.I.P.

</doc>
<doc id="20563538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563538" title="Capital of Macedonia">
Capital of Macedonia

The phrase capital of Macedonia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20563540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563540" title="Antioch Dunes National Wildlife Refuge">
Antioch Dunes National Wildlife Refuge

Antioch Dunes National Wildlife Refuge is a sensitive sand dune habitat located near the city of Antioch, California on the south shore of the San Joaquin River. It serves as a refuge for three endangered species of plants and insects, and is closed to the public except for tours and events supervised by Refuge staff. The Refuge was established in 1980. It is managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
Habitat restoration project.
A project to restore wildlife habitat, sponsored by the Port of Stockton and implemented by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, began during 2013. This work involves dredging sandy spoil from the San Joaquin River and pumping it to the Antioch Dunes. The purpose is to spur population growth of the Lange's metalmark butterfly The process employs a hydrulic cutter-suction dredger, which pumps the sand-water mixture through a fish screen. The mixture flows through a series of berms, which separate the sand from the water, which is pumped back to the river. The sand is then distributed onshore. When the sand is in place, the project will replant it with buckwheat and two endangered plants. 
Endangered species.
The species protected at Antioch Dunes are Lange's metalmark butterfly, the Antioch Dunes evening primrose, and the Contra Costa wallflower. See the Lange's metalmark article for some background on the decline of the Antioch Dunes habitat prior to the formation of the Refuge. The number of metalmark butterflies has declined from 2,342 in 1999 to 45 in 2006. There were 78 in 2013.
The dunes are also home to the endangered evening primrose and the Contra Costa wallflower.

</doc>
<doc id="20563548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563548" title="Fox Sports Oklahoma">
Fox Sports Oklahoma

Fox Sports Oklahoma is an American regional sports network that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks, and airs coverage of sports teams in Oklahoma. The channel is owned by Fox Cable Networks, a unit of the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox.
Background.
Fox Sports Oklahoma launched on October 29, 2008 as a spinoff of Fox Sports Southwest, in order to serve as the cable broadcaster of the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder (which relocated to Oklahoma City that year from Seattle). It originally split the rights to Thunder game telecasts with then-independent station KSBI (channel 52), but on August 3, 2010, the team signed a new multi-year agreement with Fox Sports Oklahoma beginning with the 2010-11 season, rendering the team's games cable-exclusive.
In addition to the Thunder, it also broadcasts sporting events from the Oklahoma Sooners and the Oklahoma State Cowboys, including basketball, baseball and football telecasts. Fox Sports Oklahoma also has exclusive broadcast rights to Oklahoma Secondary School Activities Association state championships. Fox Sports Oklahoma has broadcast Class A-6A Championship games in football and periodically runs "OSSAA Championship Spotlight", which highlights various high school sports depending on the time of year.
Fox Sports Oklahoma also broadcasts pregame and postgame shows for the Oklahoma City Thunder, and Oklahoma Sooners and Oklahoma State Cowboys-related programs (such as coaches' shows). Outside of programming exclusive to Fox Sports Oklahoma, the channel runs programming supplied by Fox Sports Southwest (including sports interview and discussion programs focusing on Texas sports) as well as some sports telecasts such as Texas Rangers baseball, Dallas Stars hockey and Dallas Mavericks basketball games.
Fox Sports Oklahoma Plus.
Fox Sports Oklahoma Plus, also branded as "FOX Sports Oklahoma +" or FS OKLAHOMA +", is a channel used by Fox Sports Oklahoma as an alternate feed to simultaneously show multiple events on two channels in the same market. Fox Sports Oklahoma Plus primarily serves an overflow feed in the event that multiple regional teams that would be shown on Fox Sports Oklahoma are playing at the same time, mainly games that are televised on Fox Sports Southwest that may otherwise also air on Fox Sports Oklahoma (such as Texas Rangers, Dallas Stars or Dallas Mavericks games) are playing at the same time as the scheduled telecast of a Thunder, Sooners, Cowboys game or other high school or collegiate sporting event involving an Oklahoma team.
Branding.
A logo bug appears on the top right screen during regular programming. For most programs (including nationally-televised sports) the Fox Sports logo is shown with a dark blue, rounded arrow shaped drop-down containing the word "OKLAHOMA". The bottom of the drop-down contains a small arrow, colored light blue. Unlike other Fox Sports Networks, during Oklahoma City Thunder games, the logo bug stays the same rather than changing to a team-centric bug.

</doc>
<doc id="20563573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563573" title="Woodlawn (St. Marys, Maryland)">
Woodlawn (St. Marys, Maryland)

Woodlawn is a historic home located at St. Mary's City, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. It is a Federal-style, two-story, five-bay frame house with brick ends, which is two rooms deep and has a gable roof. Each brick end contains a large double exterior chimney. The house is a large and fully developed Federal period house exhibiting one of the most important characteristics of Southern Maryland's 18th-century architecture: brick ends with frame facades. It is now operated as a bed and breakfast.
Woodlawn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20563574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563574" title="Wyatt, Tarrant &amp; Combs">
Wyatt, Tarrant &amp; Combs

Wyatt, Tarrant & Combs LLP is one of the largest law firms in the Southeastern United States. The firm has more than 200 attorneys in six offices in Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi and Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20563578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563578" title="Judi Lines">
Judi Lines

Judi Lines is a former British television and radio broadcaster.
Lines spent three years (1973-6) as a continuity announcer for Anglia Television before joining BBC East as a newsreader and presenter for the nightly regional news magazine, "Look East" and worked on BBC Radio 4's regional service for the Eastern Counties.
By 1984, Lines had joined Tyne Tees Television as an announcer, replacing Kathy Secker. As part of her continuity duties, she also read regional news bulletins and presented two regular features; "Lookaround" (a what's on guide) and "The Birthday Spot". She left Tyne Tees in 1991 prior to the company's takeover by Yorkshire Television.
Lines later joined the now-defunct Great North Radio as a presenter and carried out freelance work before quitting broadcasting. She now works at Fenwick's in Newcastle upon Tyne.

</doc>
<doc id="20563590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563590" title="Tom Boswell (television presenter)">
Tom Boswell (television presenter)

Tom Boswell was a journalist who worked in both BBC Radio and Television.
In radio he contributed to the highly successful Radio Four series Going Places and the Saturday morning programme "Breakaway". 
As a television presenter he contributed items for "Top Gear". He presented two episodes in 1981 and 1982, and then appeared in twenty episodes between 1988 and 1990. In the same year he died. His specialties on "Top Gear" included safety and economy topics such as the new Merritt engine and protection against car theft, though he also reviewed motorcycles while on the show. 

</doc>
<doc id="20563600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563600" title="Gojeoksan">
Gojeoksan

Gojeoksan is a mountain in Gangwon-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the cities of Donghae, Samcheok and the county of Jeongseon. Gojeoksan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20563607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563607" title="Geranium dalmaticum">
Geranium dalmaticum

Geranium dalmaticum, commonly called Dalmatian cranesbill, is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus "Geranium" in the Geraniaceae family. It is native to Dalmatia. It is cultivated as a garden subject in temperate regions for its low mounding habit and soft mauve colored flowers. The palmately lobed glossy green leaves are tinted red in the Autumn. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20563623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563623" title="Amazons II">
Amazons II

Amazons II is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Jessica Amanda Salmonson, with a cover by Michael Whelan. Following up her earlier anthology "Amazons!", it consists like its predecessor volume of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1982.
The book collects twelve short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors, with an introduction by Salmonson.

</doc>
<doc id="20563636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563636" title="Aimwell, Alabama">
Aimwell, Alabama

Aimwell is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Aimwell had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Aimwell is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20563643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563643" title="Tudor Hall (Leonardtown, Maryland)">
Tudor Hall (Leonardtown, Maryland)

Tudor Hall is a historic home located at Leonardtown, St. Mary's County, Maryland. It is a large, rectangular, -story, Georgian brick building built about 1798. It is one of the oldest buildings in Leonardtown, which was created by the Maryland Legislature in 1720. It is home to the St. Mary’s County Historical Society.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20563662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563662" title="Spotface">
Spotface

A spotface or spot face is a machined feature in which a certain region of the workpiece (a spot) is faced, providing a smooth, flat, accurately located surface. This is especially relevant on workpieces that are cast or forged, where the spotface's smooth, flat, accurately located surface stands in distinction to the surrounding surface whose roughness, flatness, and location are subject to wider tolerances and thus not assured with a machining level of precision. The most common application of spotfacing (spot facing) is facing the area around a bolt hole where the bolt's head will sit, which is often done by cutting a shallow counterbore, just deep enough "to clean up"—that is, only enough material is removed to get down past any irregularity and thus make the surface flat. Other common applications of spotfacing involve facing a pad onto a boss, creating planar surfaces in known locations that can orient a casting or forging into position in the assembly; allow part marking such as stamping or nameplate riveting; or offer machine-finish visual appeal in spots, without the need for finishing all over (FAO). 
The cutters most often used to cut spotfaces are counterbore cutters and endmills. In manual machining especially, the former is useful because its pilot guides the cutter into the correct location (established by the bolt hole), and its cutting lips are perpendicular to the hole axis with no relief angle, meaning that a plunging cut, moving in only the Z-axis, will leave a flat surface. In contrast, most general-purpose endmills have a relief angle such that a plunging cut (Z-axis-only toolpath) will leave a very slightly convex surface. But in CNC machining this is irrelevant, because the flat spotface is left by circular interpolation of the endmill as it traces a circular toolpath in the XY plane. Zero-angle cutters obviate this, functioning similarly to the traditional counterbore cutters of manual machining but needing no pilot. Spot facing of larger planar surfaces sometimes employs face mills. 
Backspotfacing (back spot facing) is analogous to backboring, meaning that the tool manages to reach to the far side of the workpiece (away from the spindle side) and cut back toward the spindle. Such operations can be done with boring bars reaching through a hole while shifted off-center, then shifting onto center for the cut, or with back-deburring style tools whose cutting edges open and close in umbrella-like or check-valve-like fashion. 
Some fastener designs can obviate spotfacing for some applications. For example, a self-aligning nut allows the nut to find its own perpendicularity to the thread axis by floating via a pair of spherical bearing surfaces (a ball-in-cup arrangement). 
Standards exist for the sizes of spotfaces, especially for fastener head seating areas. These standards can vary between corporations and between standards organizations. For example, in Boeing Design Manual BDM-1327 section 3.5, the nominal diameter of the spot-faced surface is the same as the nominal size of the cutter, and is equal to the flat seat diameter plus twice the fillet radius. This is in contrast to the ASME Y14.5-2009 definition of a spotface, which is equal to the flat seat diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="20563671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563671" title="Isaac Horowitz">
Isaac Horowitz

Isaac Horowitz (December 15, 1920 - 2005) was a notable scientist with significant contributions to automatic control theory. He developed and championed the Quantitative Feedback Theory which for the first time introduced a formal combination of the genuine frequency methodology founded by Hendrik Bode with plant uncertainty considerations.
Biography.
Isaac Horowitz was born one of 11 siblings in the British mandate of Palestine, modern Israel, in the city of Safed. His family moved to New York City when he was five years old and shortly thereafter settled in Winnipeg, Canada. He received the B.Sc. in Physics and Mathematics from the University of Manitoba in 1944. In 1948, he received a B.Sc. degree in electrical engineering from MIT. Between 1951 and 1956, he was a full-time instructor and a part-time graduate student at the Polytechnic University of New York from which he obtained his M.E.E. and D.E.E..

</doc>
<doc id="20563673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563673" title="Otto Guibovich">
Otto Guibovich

Otto Napoleón Guibovich Arteaga (*Chimbote, June 8, 1955 - ) is a Peruvian soldier and the current Commanding General of the Peruvian Army. General Guibovich previously served as commander of the Center Military Region. He assumed his current assignment on December 5, 2008 replacing General Edwin Donayre.
Biography.
Otto Guibovich was born in the city of Chimbote, in northern Peru in 1955. In March 1973 he joined the Military School of Chorrillos, graduating as a Sub Lieutenant in January 1976.
He is married to Lourdes La Rosa Diez and have two children, Claudia and Jose Miguel. 
His military career began as Head of the Central Section Mortars Shooting Motorized Infantry Battalion No. 5 Zarumilla, continuing in the Army Special Forces.
He studied in the former Soviet Union and the United Kingdom (England). He was guest instructor at the School of Infantry United States Army in North America and Military Attache to the Embassy of Peru in Cuba. 
He has also been an instructor at the Army Command School, Instructor at the Military School of Chorrillos, Commander of the Counter Subversive Battalion No. 313 in Tingo Maria, Exchange Officer and Instructor at the School of Infantry United States Army, Chief Battalion Cadet EMCH, Instructor in the School of War, Chief of Operations of the 2nd Infantry Brigade - Ayacucho Battalion Commander Command No. 19, Military Attache in the Republic of Cuba, Commander General 1st Special Forces Brigade and Deputy Director of Army Welfare, Director of Army Health. 
He has served as Chief of the Central Military Region Commander of Operational Command Center and Chief of Joint Staff of the Armed Forces. 
On December 4, 2008 he was appointed Army Commander General of Peru, one by order signed by President Alan Garcia and Defense Minister Antero Florez Araoz.
Military career.
Guibovich's career as a soldier and an officer began with his education at the Peruvian Chorrillos Military School.
Commanding General.
Guibovich's tenure as Commanding General starts in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20563678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563678" title="Space Buddies">
Space Buddies

Space Buddies is a 2009 family comedy film. It is the third film in the "Air Buddies" series. It was released February 3, 2009. Like "Air Buddies" and "Snow Buddies", this film was released directly on DVD and became the first "Air Bud" film to be released on Blu-ray.
Plot.
The film starts as Buddha (Field Cate) and his owner Sam (Nolan Gould) are star-gazing. As a shooting star passes, Sam makes a wish that he can touch the moon. The next day is the day of Sam's school field trip to Vision Enterprises to watch a test launch of the Vision 1 space craft. However, since no pets are allowed to go, Sam has to leave Buddha at home. Buddha meets up with the other Budderball (Josh Flitter), Rosebud (Liliana Mumy), B-Dawg (Skyler Gisondo), and Mudbud (Henry Hodges), and invites them to come with him to go to see the test launch. They hide in the school bus and the bus soon arrives at the Vision Enterprises where the launch is. The dogs go to a space-suit machine and put on space-suits before following the group of students, who are being led by Dr. Finkel (Kevin Weisman). The dogs get aboard the space shuttle Vision 1. At Mission Control in the Vision enterprises, Pi (Bill Fagerbakke)confirms they are ready for launch. Meanwhile, the Buddies take a close look around until they are sealed in the shuttle, which prepares for launch. Astro (Ali Hillis), who will be piloting the ship from Earth, launches the shuttle, and the shuttle flies to space.
At Mission Control, the humans realize the third tank of gas in the shuttle was never fully filled. With ten hours until the gas runs out, they look for solutions. They eventually decide to pilot the space craft to the old R.R.S.S. (Russian Research Space Station), which was launched during the Soviet era. They contact the cosmonaut living in the space station, named Yuri (Diedrich Bader), telling him to refuel the Vision 1. As Vision 1 connects to the space station, the dogs decide to explore the space station, and they meet a dog called Spudnick (Jason Earles) who is under the care of Yuri. Spudnick explains that Yuri is quite content to stay in space, yet he wishes to go home. Yuri finds the dogs and becomes happy because the buddies can keep them company. The buddies are trapped in the kitchen, and are saved later by Spudnick. After connecting the fuel pipe to the Vision 1, the gas starts to leak from the pipes. Meanwhile, the buddies and Spudnick rush back to Vision 1 to escape. Yuri activates lock-down to trap the dogs. They manage to get to the Vision 1. Yuri tries to stop them, banging on the control switches. However, some sparks drop on the gas, causing an explosion. Spudnick and the Buddies escape from the R.R.S.S. as it explodes. Yuri barely escapes using the "Cosmo-pod escape vessel".
The Vision 1 travels to the moon. Soon after, the Vision 1 approaches and lands on the moon (Before this event had occurred, B-Dawg had mistaken the moon for the "Death Star"). They soon begin to get out of the Vision 1 and walk around the area within the place they had landed. Mission Control finds that the sounds from their space helmets happen to be soft barks, and conclude they are golden retriever puppies, and this is broadcast on the news. The children find out through the news ("We're live at Vision Enterprises, where quite a furry tale is unfolding. It seems 5 golden retriever puppies have been accidentally launched into space."). The buddies, while on the moon, meet a ferret named Gravity (Amy Sedaris), who is the Buddies' mission control assistant. But since their only communication is from audio, the buddies don't know Gravity is a ferret. Gravity orders the Buddies to get back on the Vision 1.
When returning to Earth, the path is changed by the untrustworthy Dr. Finkel. The path's telemetry is reverted into a meteor shower. The "auto-avoidance system", takes control of the Vision 1, rotating and shifting heavily between every meteor in its path. However, the Vision 1's data communications antenna is busted to the right when it becomes struck by a meteor. Butterball is sent to repair the antenna by doing a space walk outside of the Vision 1. At Mission Control, the adults are puzzled about the change of the telemetry course of the Vision 1 when Sam accuses Dr. Finkel of changing the path. As Dr. Finkel denies it, Pi uses the security camera to confirm that Dr. Finkel was indeed at the desk at 7:49 PM, the time when the telemetry course was changed. As Dr. Finkel is taken away by security, Sam approaches Dr. Finkel and calls him "Dr. Stinkle."
Mission Control receives Yuri's distress signal in the Cosmo-pod before the Vision 1 enters the atmosphere through the blackout zone. They wait 4 minutes until they arrive, but they arrive early. The Vision 1 ends its mission by slowing down on the take-off strip. The Buddies find out Gravity was a ferret, and so that Butterball replies he is related to skunks. Yuri crashes his pod, and is rescued by some soldiers, telling them he comes from space.
Pi awards The Buddies wings of true heroism, with their title as "Space Buddies". The Buddies review what they did (Budderball was taught how to eat his vegetables from the trip). Once at home, Buddha gives Sam a moon rock he had taken from his journey, fulfilling his wish of touching the moon. The film ends with Spudnick back at home with his old owner Sasha, saying, "It is the journey and friendship that matters the most."
Production.
The film was shot in these locations: Abbotsford Airport, Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada. Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada. Fort Langley, Langley Township, British Columbia, Canada. Langley, British Columbia, Canada. Vancouver Film Studios, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Home media.
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray February 3, 2009.
Sequel.
The fourth installment in the "Air Buddies" series, "Santa Buddies" was released on November 24, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20563689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563689" title="Slovene months">
Slovene months

The standard modern names of Slovene months are derived from Latin names, as in most European languages. There is also a standardized set of archaic Slovene month names. Many of these first occur in the Škofja Loka manuscript, written in 1466 by Martin of Loka:
Standard archaic names.
However, multiple systems have been used in various Slovene-speaking regions, some of which were based on the names of saints (e.g., "jurjevščak" 'April', literally 'St. George's'), numbers (e.g., "prvnik" 'January', literally 'first'), or other features (e.g., "vetrnik" 'March', literally 'windy').
Origin.
The name "prosinec", associated with millet bread and the act of asking for something, was first written in the Škofja Loka manuscript.
The name "svečan" may relate to icicles or the Candlemas. This name originates from "sičan", written as "svičan" in the "New Carniolan Almanac" from 1775 and changed to its final form by Franc Metelko in his "New Almanac" from 1824. The name was also spelled "sečan", meaning "the month of cutting down of trees". In 1848, a proposal was put forward in "Kmetijske in rokodelske novice" by the Slovene Society of Ljubljana to call this month "talnik" (related to ice melting), but it has not stuck. The idea was proposed by the priest and patriot Blaž Potočnik. A name of February in Slovene was also "vesnar", after the mythological character Vesna.
The name "sušec" was first written in the Škofja Loka manuscript. Other names were used too, for example "brezen" and "breznik", "the month of birches".
The name "mali traven" was first written in the Škofja Loka manuscript.
The name "veliki traven" was first written in the Škofja Loka manuscript. There are numerous other names for it, for example "majnik", "cvetnar", "rožni mesec". The latter two relate to flowers blossoming.

</doc>
<doc id="20563692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563692" title="Eckersberg Medal">
Eckersberg Medal

The Eckersberg Medal (originally the "Akademiets Aarsmedaille" or Annual Academy Medal) is an annual award of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts. It is named after Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg, known as the father of Danish painting.
The Eckersberg Medal was created in 1883, on the 100th birthday of its namesake.

</doc>
<doc id="20563699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563699" title="St. Richard's Manor">
St. Richard's Manor

St. Richard's Manor is a historic home located at Lexington Park, St. Mary's County, Maryland. It is a -story Flemish bond brick dwelling, with a steeply pitched gable roof, constructed before 1750 on the Patuxent River. Also on the property are two tobacco barns built about 1935, and a small pyramid-roofed concrete block pumphouse.
On December 16, 1652, "St. Richard's Manor" was re-patented to Luke Gardiner, heir of Richard Gardiner, because the original patent had been lost as a result of the internal strife with Ingle in 1645. Shortly afterwards /_that is in the 1650s _/ Richard Edelen was contracted by Luke to build a second house on the Manor. This house is still standing today on fifty-five acres of the original land patent. Richard Edelen built a second house called "Riverview" (circa 1659) for Luke Gardiner near St. Clements Island.
St. Richard's Manor was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20563748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563748" title="The Cuckoo (song)">
The Cuckoo (song)

"The Cuckoo" is a traditional English folk song. It has been covered by many musicians in several different styles. An early notable recorded version was performed by Appalachian folk musician Clarence Ashley with a unique banjo tuning. 
The title of the song has multiple variations, including The Coo-Coo, The Coo-Coo Bird, The Cuckoo Bird, and The Cuckoo Is A Pretty Bird.
Lyrics usually include the line (or a slight variation):
"The cuckoo is a pretty bird, she sings as she flies; she brings us glad tidings, and she tells us no lies."
According to Thomas Goldsmith of "The Raleigh News & Observer", "The Cuckoo" is reportedly descended from an old folk ballad; it's an interior monologue where the singer "relates his desires — to gamble, to win, to regain love's affection."
The song is featured in the E.L. Doctorow book, "The March". A soldier suffering from a metal spike stuck in his head sings verses from the song.
Performers.
Notable artists who have recorded "The Cuckoo" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20563767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563767" title="Cyril Parlichev">
Cyril Parlichev

Cyril Parlichev (, ) was a Bulgarian revolutionary and public figure. He was a member of Internal Macedono-Adrianopolean Revolutionary Organization (IMARO) and a popular teacher, journalist, translator and writer.
Biography.
Cyril Parlichev was born in Ohrid in 1875. His father was Grigor Parlichev - a popular local educator.
On August 5, 1898, Dimitar Grdanov, a Serbian teacher in Ohrid, and pro-Serbian activist in Macedonia, was murdered by Metody Patchev, after which Patchev and his fellow conspirators Hristo Uzunov, Cyril Parlichev and Ivan Grupchev were arrested.
Parlichev later taught in the Bulgarian Men's High School of Thessaloniki, where he was accepted in IMARO. During the Ilinden-Preobrazhenie Uprising he was a member of the Hristo Chernopeev's band. After the end of the unsuccessful uprising he started studying history in Sofia University. In the meantime he worked as a secretary of the IMARO committee in Sofia.
After the Young Turk Revolution, Cyril Parlichev participated in the inauguration of the Bulgarian Constitutional Clubs political party. He taught in Edessa, where he and Hristo Zaneshev contributed to the activity of Bulgarian Constitutional Clubs.
In 1918 Cyril Parlichev wrote his first work - "The Serbian Regime and the Revolutionary Struggle in Macedonia" (in ). He was also one of the founders of the Macedonian Scientific Institute in 1923. Parlichev translated into Bulgarian works of Karl Marx, Voltaire and others. After the murder of Todor Alexandrov Parlichev was forced by Ivan Mihailov to stop his participation in the activities of IMRO. In the period 1941-1944, when the area was under Bulgarian control, he was director of the Historical museum in his native Ohrid. He died there on February 9, 1944. Cyril Parlichev is survived today by his grandson, Cyril, who has published his previously unknown works in Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="20563791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563791" title="Moscow, Alabama">
Moscow, Alabama

Moscow is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama.
Geography.
Moscow is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20563805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563805" title="Gombong (mountain)">
Gombong (mountain)

Gombong is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20563809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563809" title="Meme (Rurutia album)">
Meme (Rurutia album)

" is Rurutia's fourth and last original album under Toshiba-EMI and was released April 13, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20563832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563832" title="The Cuckoo">
The Cuckoo

The Cuckoo can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20563850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563850" title="River Rats (The Hardy Boys)">
River Rats (The Hardy Boys)

River Rats is a Hardy Boys novel. 
Plot summary.
Frank and Joe Hardy head to the Big Bison River in Montana to experience its beauty and wonder, through the form of water sports. They are greeted by Owen Watson, a friend, and head off into the river, but witness a hitman killing Owen in broad daylight. The brothers then promise themselves to find the murderer, and avoid any obstacles, distractions, and firepower. They must find the culprit, end the environmental struggle, and bring him to justice, if they ever want to solve the case.

</doc>
<doc id="20563855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563855" title="Massena blood libel">
Massena blood libel

The Massena blood libel was an instance of blood libel against Jews in which the Jews of Massena, New York, were falsely accused of the kidnapping and ritual murder of a Christian girl in September 1928.
On September 22, 1928, two days before Yom Kippur, four-year-old Barbara Griffiths went for a walk and did not come back home. After a long search by townspeople and state police, a rumor began to circulate that the girl had been kidnapped and killed by the town's Jews for a religious ritual associated with the impending holiday.
The following day, the state police questioned Morris Goldberg, a Jew with little knowledge of Jewish tradition. Goldberg left police with the impression that there might be some truth to the rumors that Jews engaged in ritual murder.
At that point, the state police sought to interrogate Rabbi Berel Brennglass, leader of the town's Adath Israel synagogue. When asked about the allegations of ritual murder, Brennglass told the police and the town's mayor, who was present, that they should be ashamed for asking such questions. He expressed outrage that people believed such lies in the United States in the 20th century.
Barbara Griffiths was found in the woods later that afternoon roughly a mile from her home. She told authorities she had become lost during her walk and slept in the forest. Nevertheless, some citizens of Massena continued to believe that Griffiths had been kidnapped by the Jews. They attributed her safe return to the discovery of the Jews' plot.
The Massena blood libel drew national attention. Through the efforts of Rabbi Brennglass, the American Jewish Committee and the American Jewish Congress denounced the town's leaders, prompting apologies from the mayor and the state police to the rabbi, the town's Jews, and all Jews of the United States. In his apology, the mayor wrote:
In light of the solemn protest of my Jewish neighbors, I feel I ought to express clearly and unequivocally ... my sincere regret that by any act of commission or omission, I should have seemed to lend countenance ... to what I should have known to be a cruel libel imputing human sacrifice as a practice now or at any time in the history of the Jewish people.

</doc>
<doc id="20563856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563856" title="Simon-Pierre Denys de Bonaventure">
Simon-Pierre Denys de Bonaventure

Simon-Pierre Denys de Bonaventure (22 June 1659 – 7 February 1711) was an officer in the colonial troupes de la marine of New France and was heavily involved with the events of Acadia from 1685 until his death. He governed Acadia after the death of the governor Jacques-François de Monbeton de Brouillan (September 1705) until the appointment of the new governor, Daniel d'Auger de Subercase on 22 May 1706.

</doc>
<doc id="20563860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563860" title="Donald Zec">
Donald Zec

Donald Zec, OBE (born March 12, 1919 ), was a British journalist who produced "brilliant and acerbic" writing in the "Daily Mirror" for 40 years.
His grandfather was a Jewish refugee from Odessa, in Ukraine. His father Simon Zecanovsky settled in London, shortened the family name to Zec, and raised nine daughters and two sons.
Career.
Zec's career in journalism began in 1938 with a three-day trial at the "Daily Mirror". He has recalled: "I was so embarrassingly bad that no one had the courage to tell me, so I stayed for 40 years." During the war, he served in the London Irish Rifles, returning to the "Daily Mirror" as a crime reporter. 
On one occasion, he interviewed the infamous acid-bath murderer John George Haigh in the Onslow Court Hotel.
He subsequently became the paper's Royal correspondent and then film writer. In the course of his work he interviewed and wrote about many celebrities, particularly from the worlds of entertainment and showbusiness, including Humphrey Bogart, Brigitte Bardot, David Niven, Ingrid Bergman, The Beatles, and Marilyn Monroe. 
The numerous books Donald Zec has written include biography of the Queen Mother and of cinema stars such as Sophia Loren, Barbra Streisand and Lee Marvin. 
His wrote a biography of his brother, the political cartoonist Philip Zec, entitled "Don't Lose It Again! The Life and Wartime Cartoons of Philip Zec", which was published in 2005.
Donald Zec now lives in London's Holland Park area. He was married for 66 years. After his wife died in 2006 he took up painting, mainly with acrylic paint.
In October 1967 he won a National Press Award as Descriptive Writer of the year, the citation spoke of his 'bland outrageousness and a deadly certainty of aim..' Extending his range, he interviewed major political figures such as a former Chancellor of the Exchequer Selwyn Lloyd, the late Labour Prime Minister, Harold Wilson, the (then) leader of the Opposition Margaret Thatcher. the late Lord Mountbatten of Burma and the former Californian Governor Ronald Reagan in 1967, commenting; 'it is a whimsical if not uneasy thought that an ex-movie star of many films that escape instant recollection could one day become President of the United States of America ' In 1970 he was awarded the OBE for services to Journalism.
In October 2012 he won the Oldie Magazine's inaugural British Artists Award (OBA) for artists over the age of sixty. A year later his portrait of his late paternal grandfather was prsented at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition,jointly winning the Hugh Casson Prize for Drawing.

</doc>
<doc id="20563862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563862" title="Gongjaksan">
Gongjaksan

Gongjaksan is a mountain in the county of Hongcheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20563874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563874" title="Saab Magalona">
Saab Magalona

Maria Isabella Simone Arroyo Magalona or known as Saab Magalona (born November 26, 1988 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipina actress who started in the TV5 youth-oriented drama series "Lipgloss". She is the daughter of Francis Magalona and sister of Maxene Magalona, Frank Magalona & Elmo Magalona.
Biography.
Her father is the late Filipino rapper and actor comedian Francis Magalona; her grandparents are the late actors Pancho Magalona and Tita Duran. She took up Creative Writing at the Ateneo de Manila University.
In 2007, she made her first onscreen appearance as the friend of Eleanor (played by Alessandra de Rossi) in the GMA Network "telefantasya" "Kamandag" where her sister Maxene played the role of one of Richard Gutierrez' leading ladies. In 2008, she joined the cast of TV5's "Lipgloss". In October 2010, she made her GMA debut on the teleserye "Koreana", playing Ivy.

</doc>
<doc id="20563882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563882" title="Funtanaccia">
Funtanaccia

Funtanaccia is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sartène.
In a distance of 300 m are the stone rows of Stantari and Rinaghju.

</doc>
<doc id="20563883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563883" title="Ian Stirling (broadcaster)">
Ian Stirling (broadcaster)

Ian Andrew Stirling (28 October 1940 – 30 June 2005) was a British actor and television presenter, best known for his work with Westward Television and Television South West.
Stirling, a stage actor originally from Scotland, joined the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in 1974 and freelanced at Westward before becoming a full-time staff announcer in 1975. Alongside announcing duties, he read regional news bulletins and presented the hugely popular children's birthdays spot alongside station mascot Gus Honeybun.
Stirling continued as an announcer and presenter with Westward's successors, TSW, when the station began its sole franchise period on 1  January 1982. He later took over from colleague Roger Shaw as the station's chief announcer, handling most of the weekday primetime continuity shifts, and remained with the company until the end of its final day of transmission on 31 December 1992. On that same evening, Stirling closed the station for the last time alongside announcing colleague Ruth Langsford.
When Westcountry Television took over from TSW on 1 January 1993, Stirling went freelance but did present a thrice-weekly "Soap Review" for the station's evening news magazine, "Westcountry Live" and was involved in a number of regional programmes for the station. He also presented a four-part series entitled "40 Years of ITV" in 2001, celebrating 40 years of ITV regional broadcasting in the South West of England. Whilst freelance, he also worked for Gemini Radio in Exeter during the mid-1990s. He retired in 2003 and moved to northern France.
Ian Stirling died on 30 June 2005 in a hospice in Brittany after a short illness. He was 64 years old. Shortly after his death, ITV Westcountry paid tribute to Stirling with a special half-hour programme entitled "Stirling Salute".

</doc>
<doc id="20563887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563887" title="Rinaghju">
Rinaghju

Rinaghju (Renaju) is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sartène.
In a distance of 300 m are Stantari alignments and the dolmen of Funtanaccia.

</doc>
<doc id="20563892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563892" title="Luke's Freak Fest 2000">
Luke's Freak Fest 2000

"Luke's Freak Fest 2000" is a compilation album released by Luke, featuring new material from Luke and several other artists. It was released on March 7, 2000 for Relativity Records and featured production from Luther Campbell and Herb Powers. The album found decent success, peaking at #140 on the Billboard 200 and #37 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20563900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563900" title="Vasculaghju">
Vasculaghju

Vasculaghju is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sotta.

</doc>
<doc id="20563902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563902" title="Plate nut">
Plate nut

A plate nut, also known as a nut plate, is a stamped sheet metal nut that is riveted to a workpiece. They have a long tube that is internally threaded and a plate with two clearance holes for rivets. They were originally developed for the aerospace industry, but are now also common in automotive racing.
These nuts are made up of variety of soft and hard materials.The choice of material depends on environment to which nut is subjected.Soft materials like copper or brass are used when nut is used in electrical application.Hard materials are used when nut is subjected to high stress environment.Sometimes stainless steel or nickel plated nuts are used in order to increase corrosion resistance.
Locknut types are available, which utilize a nylon locking element, much like a nyloc nut. These lock nuts are used when the nut is subjected to constant changes in environment or to vibrations. The nylon insert expands and stops vibrations of the nut and acts as a locking arrangement. Other types have a floating nut or replaceable locking elements.

</doc>
<doc id="20563917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563917" title="Crack the Shutters">
Crack the Shutters

"Crack the Shutters" is a song from alternative rock band Snow Patrol's fifth album "A Hundred Million Suns". It was released as the follow-up single to "Take Back the City" on different dates in December 2008 depending on the region, and was the second single taken from the album. The lyrics were written by Gary Lightbody and the music was composed by Snow Patrol. The song was described by lyricist Lightbody as the purest love song he'd ever written. The single was received generally positively by music critics, the lyrics and vocals being praised in particular.
The single was quite successful in the charts, charting in the Top 20 in the Netherlands. Though it also entered the Top 30 in Sweden and Germany, it topped the "Billboard" Triple A chart. "Crack the Shutters" is also the name of a photography exhibition held by Bradley Quinn which primarily featured his photos taken at Snow Patrol concerts.
Background.
The song came into being when Gary Lightbody was "tinkering" with the piano with some ideas the band had, and played the first bars of the song. The band laid the song in the studio the same day, which came out quite "fully formed". The initial version of the song has the same structure as the version that appears on the album. The lyric 'crack the shutters open wide' was the first that came to Lightbody, who further commented that its "the most natural song on the album, it's about the most natural thing in the world".
At the time of the release of the album, SP.com posted a section featuring lead singer and lyricist Gary Lightbody discussing the new songs, which was initially a Lightbody interview to RTÉ. About "Crack the Shutters", he said it was the purest love song he'd ever written. The album "A Hundred Million Suns" is noted for its positive lyrics, as Lightbody was best known before for break-up songs. The song is the one of many positive songs that Lightbody wrote for the album. In an interview with The Sunday Times, he said, "The problem I've always had with writing about love is that you don't really stop and think about it when it's occurring. This time, I made myself think about it — how to fit it into words. The new lyrics took a lot longer than usual, but I'm proud of them." Lightbody credited producer Jacknife Lee with helping him with lyric writing. He praised him further, adding that it was Lee who taught him the importance of the lyrics sounding as good as they're well written.
Promotion and release.
The song became a fan favorite on the Take Back the Cities Tour. SP.com organized a competition for fans to design the artwork for the single. The only rule was to have "Snow Patrol" and "Crack the Shutters" on the artwork. The winning entry was used on the official website only remix version of the single and the band themselves chose the winner. 
The song was placed on BBC Radio 2's "A List" playlist for the week commencing 6 December 2008, and subsequently got played twenty times a week. The song has also been featured on the 90210 episode "Help Me, Rhonda", which aired on 3 February 2009. Additionally, the band donated the song to be used in the soundtrack for a promotional video for the "Not in My Name" campaign.
The single was released in two physical formats: a CD single and a 7" Vinyl. The CD single, which saw a full release featured a new song, the previously unreleased b-side "Cubicles". The 7" Vinyl, which had a limited release featured a cover of Elbow's "One Day Like This", recorded on Jo Whiley's "Live Lounge on Tour". The pressing was limited to 500 copies, and was only available at HMV Music Stores. An iTunes Store bundle included the single and the "Haunts Remix" of the song. Another iTunes single was the "Kid Glove Remix" of the track. Both singles were made available digitally on 14 December 2008. The physical single was released on 12 December in Ireland, 15 December in the UK, and 16 December in Australia and Germany, and 19 December in the Netherlands.
Music video.
Gary Lightbody is then shown singing the lyrics with the camera focused on his lips. The camera zooms out, slowly revealing his full face. As the song reaches its chorus, the camera zooms out quickly to show the whole band and a crowd of people are shown running past. The people disappear as the chorus ends. Till the next chorus, there are interspersed shots of all five band members.
The second chorus again shows a crowd of people running past the band. As the second chorus nears its end, a crowd of people are shown approaching the band with flashlights in their hands. The shots then shown of the band performing appear as if it is a live performance in an arena. The band goes on to finish the song, and the video ends with a shot of Lightbody resting on his microphone.
Track listing.
"One Day Like This" is a cover of the song by Elbow. Recorded on Jo Whiley's "Live Lounge on Tour".
Reception.
Critical reception towards the single was generally positive. Yahoo! Music's Jairne Gill reviewed the single positively, giving it 7 stars out of 10. In spite of this, he criticized Snow Patrol for "established the kind of ruthless commercial formula more commonly associated with corporations like Microsoft or Starbucks." He also said that "the first single back is always a semi-rocky, fidgety beast - as if to reassure people they are still an indie band at heart, you know - and is swiftly followed by a big, sweltering, lovelorn ballad designed to make housewives melt and bring US television executives in search of a season finale running to them with blank cheques." He went on the say the song was rather lovely. He praised the guitar and glockenspiel in the song, and called the chorus "a warm hug". He also felt that vocalist Gary Lightbody's feelings sound genuine in the song. The Sunday Mail's Avril Cadden, though called the song "nothing new and typical Snow Patrol", but defended it, saying that it has "a cracking tune and the best from that album." To her, Snow Patrol were "back on form". She further praised the song, calling it "rousing and effective". She also called the lyrics "heartfelt" and the vocals "emotive", which "give you a warm glow". She awarded the single 4 stars out of 5. The Daily Record's John Dingwall also gave the single 4 stars out of 5. He called the album "brilliant" and the song "written". He felt the delivery of the vocals was "perfect" and Gary Lightbody's "emotive vocals" provided "the icing on the cake."
Nick Levine of Digital Spy, however reviewed the single negatively, giving it 2 stars out of five. He wrote that the single sounded similar to their earlier work, and that it "chugs along from intimate, piano-driven verses to choruses that are supposed to coax the mobile phones out of punters' pockets at their arena gigs". He criticized the chorus for not being "as rousing as it thinks it is". He ended saying fans should rather buy Take That's album The Circus instead. The Sun's Poppy Cosyns called the single a "lok-key offering" and gave it 3 stars out of 5. She felt the lyrics were "littered with cliches and gooey romance".
The song was named the "Record of the Week" in the Netherlands for week 2 of 2009. The single was quite successful on the charts, charting in eight different countries around the world. The single peaked at #43 in the UK Singles Chart, making it the band's first single to miss the UK Top 40 since the original release of "Spitting Games", back in 2003. The single lasted eight weeks in the UK Top 75, and ten weeks in the UK Top 100. However, the song was a success in the Netherlands, reaching #14, as did Snow Patrol's other most successful Dutch single: "Shut Your Eyes" but charting five weeks less than the latter. Furthermore, the single topped the Triple A chart in the United States, a feat previously achieved by "Take Back the City", the previous single released from "A Hundred Million Suns". Till date, the single has spent a total of seventy weeks on record charts around the world.
Exhibition.
"Crack the Shutters" is also the name of an exhibition held at the annual Trans Festival, organized by the Urban Arts Academy. Held at Gallery 2 of the Waterfront Hall in Belfast on 8 July 2009 until the end of the month, the exhibition featured photographer Bradley Quinn's series of Snow Patrol concert photos, both onstage and offstage. Bradley is the brother of Snow Patrol drummer Jonny Quinn and was classmates with Gary Lightbody in school. He has known the band members from before the band existed and was the one who took their first press shots.
Along with tour diaries and music videos, the exhibition showcased the sixteen-minute animation for "The Lightning Strike", which the band has been playing at recent concerts like the Taking Back the Cities Tour. Indie rock group Cashier No. 9, who supported Snow Patrol during their UK & Ireland Arena Tour of February–March 2009 also played a concert, which was open to all ages. To mark the event, SP.com organized a competition to give away five signed and unframed limited edition prints of Bradley's work. Fans were required to email in their details to participate.

</doc>
<doc id="20563941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563941" title="Derek Bryant (baseball)">
Derek Bryant (baseball)

Derek Roszell Bryant is a former professional baseball player. He played in 39 games in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics in , primarily as an outfielder. He currently serves as manager of the Olmecas de Tabasco in the Mexican League.
Bryant spent his entire career, from 1973 until 1981, in the Athletics organization. During his lone big league season, he batted .179 with three extra base hits in 108 at bats.
Bryant has managed in the Mexican League on and off since 1988, mostly with the Sultanes de Monterrey (1988, 1995–98, 2001–02). In 1999, he managed the High Desert Mavericks in the Arizona Diamondbacks farm system. After his last stint with Monterrey, Bryant has managed the Acereros de Monclova (2003), the Saraperos de Saltillo (2004–07) and the Vaqueros Laguna (2009–10). 2011 is his first season with Tabasco.

</doc>
<doc id="20563955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20563955" title="Gorupogisan">
Gorupogisan

Gorupogisan is a mountain between the county of Pyeongchang and the city of Gangneung, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20564002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564002" title="Sant Quintí">
Sant Quintí

Sant Quintí may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20564011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564011" title="Indranee Nadisen">
Indranee Nadisen

Madam Indranee Elizabeth Nadisen is a Singaporean social work volunteer on child protection, and served as a foster mother to abandoned, abused and neglected children under the Fostering Scheme by the Ministry of Community Development, Youth and Sports (MCYS). She is also the longest serving foster mother of the program, and also holds the national record of having looked after 43 children in her 32 years' as a foster mother. Nadisen is recognised as the role model and the icon of the Fostering Scheme.
Nadisen was born of Chinese ethnicity, and adopted by an Indian family when she was a baby. She volunteered herself with the Fostering Scheme and began fostering children in 1976, when her own children - five boys and a girl - started going to school and she started feeling bored at home. Her love for children was strong and she cared of the children, as if they were her own, for an average period of 2 years till they return to their own biological parents or to their adoptive parents. She also showered her love equally to her children and the adopted ones.
However this strong love that she felt for them, also made it emotionally difficult for her to part with them. She confessed she had to lie to the child by saying she had to go to the toilet so that the child would let go of her, to let the child leave with their adoptive parents. 'From the toilet, I would hear the child screaming for me and my heart would hurt,' she said. As a result, she preferred not to contact them after they left her care.
In 2001 Nadisen was awarded the "Friend of MCDS" award and in 2003, the Reader's Digest Inspiring Asians Award. In July 2008, Nadisen reluctantly announced her retirement from the Fostering Scheme citing health reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20564042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564042" title="Alexander Pechursky">
Alexander Pechursky

Alexander Alekseevich Pechursky (born June 4, 1990) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently playing for Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Kontinental Hockey League. Pechurskiy was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins 150th overall in the 5th round of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. He played one game for the Penguins in 2010. Pechursky then played in the Central Hockey League before returning to Russia.
Playing career.
Pechurskiy began his professional career with Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Russian Superleague in 2007–08, playing in 26 games and posting a 2.07 goals against average. He played for Team Russia at the 2008 IIHF World U18 Championships with a 3.06 GAA and a .8854 save percentage, while Russia earned a silver medal. A month later in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft, Perchurskiy was selected 150th overall by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the fifth round.
He began the 2009–10 season with Magnitogorsk, but after requesting a release, joined the Tri-City Americans of the major junior Western Hockey League in the United States in December 2009.
On January 16, 2010 Pechurskiy signed an amateur try-out contract with the Penguins due to injuries to starter Marc-Andre Fleury and back-up Brent Johnson. That night he was to serve as a back-up to the Penguins' third goalie John Curry against the Vancouver Canucks at GM Place. At the time of his signing, Pechurskiy had a 4–1–1 record, with a 1.84 goals against average, a .936 save percentage, and two shutouts in the WHL. After Curry allowed five goals against the Canucks, Pechurskiy entered in relief and became the first Russian goaltender to play for the Penguins. He played the final 35:31 of the game, making 12 saves on 13 shots, and earned the third star of the game. This effort by Pechurskiy tallied him a 0.923 save percentage and a 1.69 goals against average. After the game, Pechurskiy spoke with teammates and media through translations by Ukrainian Ruslan Fedotenko, and Russians Evgeni Malkin and Sergei Gonchar.
Pechurskiy started the 2010–11 season going 2–0–1 with the Americans. On October 14, 2010, the Tri-City Americans announced that they had waived Pechurskiy because of the WHL's mandated limit on overaged players (he was 20 years old at the time).
On November 12, 2010, Pechurskiy signed a contract with the Mississippi RiverKings of the Central Hockey League and began playing regularly for the team. On January 25, 2011, he was signed to a Professional Tryout (PTO) contract with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins. Pechurskiy did not make any appearances with the team, and was released from his contract on January 31, 2011 to return to the River Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="20564049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564049" title="Half Acre, Alabama">
Half Acre, Alabama

Half Acre is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. It has gone through a variety of name changes since the early 20th century. The community had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists. Although a thriving community in its early years, it has since dwindled into obscurity.
History.
Half Acre was originally known as Luther's Store and was settled in the 1830s. By 1870 it had a post office, three general stores, a cotton gin, a cotton seed-oil press, grist mill, saw mill, brick kiln, hotel, and livery stables.
The tradition of how the Half Acre name came about holds that a half acre piece of property in the community, at a crossroads next door to the hotel, had been missed in the original survey. County land records indicate that when the small piece of property was discovered to not be surveyed, it was deeded to "The Devil" and then became known as Hell's Half Acre. A saloon was eventually built there, only to later burn down. The title to the property was not clarified until the community wanted to build a church on the site of the former saloon, at which time the probate court transferred ownership from "The Devil" to the Half Acre Community Church. The "Hell's" was dropped from the name at this time and the entire community came to be known simply as Half Acre. The population of the community began to relocate elsewhere after World War II and today it is home to only the church and a few residences.
Geography.
Half Acre is situated above Beaver Creek, about east of the Tombigbee River. It is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20564063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564063" title="The Corner Bar">
The Corner Bar

The Corner Bar is an American situation comedy that aired on ABC from June 1972 to September 1973. 
Synopsis.
"The Corner Bar" revolves around the lives of the patrons of a tavern called Grant's Toomb. The series is notable for its inclusion of the first recurring gay character on American television, Peter Panama (played by Vincent Schiavelli).

</doc>
<doc id="20564132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564132" title="1996 All-Pro Team">
1996 All-Pro Team

The 1996 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1996. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP team. These are the three teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1996 the Pro Football Writers Association and Pro Football Weekly combined their All-pro teams, a practice with continues through 2008. In 1996 the AP added a new position, that of “Fullback”, a primarily blocking position. 

</doc>
<doc id="20564140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564140" title="Giant Forest Lodge Historic District">
Giant Forest Lodge Historic District

The Giant Forest Lodge Historic District in Sequoia National Park includes the remnants of what was once an extensive National Park Service Rustic style tourist development for park visitors. Also known as Camp Sierra, the district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in May 1978. Originally situated in the Giant Forest grove of giant sequoias, the district is notable for its nearly total demolition by the National Park Service to eliminate the impact of development on the Big Trees.
Development.
The first development in the Giant Forest took place in 1899, when a tent camp was set up in the grove. A road reached the site in 1903, and more permanent development followed. The first lodge was built in 1915. In 1921 the Sequoia and General Grant National Parks Company erected the primary lodging area next to Round Meadow, the first area to be called "Giant Forest Lodge". The same year, Camp Kaweah was established to provide additional capacity. By 1926, a study commissioned by the Park Service indicated that the development was adversely affecting the trees. The following year the park superintendent, Colonel John White, first proposed the removal of the development. However, the concessioner was able to intervene with the director of the Park Service, and White was overruled. He was, however, able to impose limits on guest accommodations, the first such limits in the National Park system. In 1962 and 1965 two reports indicated that the hydrology of the area had been affected by development, and that the fire suppression made necessary by the proximity of buildings had created an unfavorable environment for new sequoia growth. Additionally, the influential Leopold Report on national park development, written by nature conservationist A. Starker Leopold, specifically criticized the Giant Forest development. By 1971 the park's master plan called for the reduction of human impact in the Giant Forest. By 1980 a consensus had developed for the relocation of the recreational facilities.
Removal.
By the 1990s the Park Service had resolved to remove the development, and demolition began in 1997. It was completed in 2000 for the Giant Forest Lodge area with the removal of all buildings, roads, and infrastructure. New development was centered around the Gilbert Stanley Underwood Giant Forest Village Market building at nearby Camp Kaweah, which became the Giant Forest Museum in 2001. The facility is connected to the Giant Forest by shuttle bus.
The visitor accommodations were replaced by Wuksachi Village, located about five miles to the north and well away from the sequoia grove. 
The demolition of the Giant Forest infrastructure is noteworthy as the most visible clash between the Park Service's role as a guardian of natural resources and its role as custodian of the National Register of Historic Places, when it had to determine which interest was more crucial.

</doc>
<doc id="20564148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564148" title="Fish and Game">
Fish and Game

Fish and Game may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20564167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564167" title="Playa Parguito">
Playa Parguito

Playa Parguito (Parguito Beach) it is situated in the Northeast end of Isla Margarita. The beach is approximately 1000 m long and about 20 m wide. The waters tend to be more oceanic at Playa Parguito which has made it a perfect place for surfing.
Playa Parguito does not offer as many restaurants and other conveniences than Playa El Agua but it is still well liked by people that seek more privacy among the Isla Margarita beaches.

</doc>
<doc id="20564174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564174" title="Out of the Light of the 13 Dark Night">
Out of the Light of the 13 Dark Night

Out Of The Light Of The 13 Dark Night was the first official full-length album released in Germany by the Japanese horror punk band Balzac. It consists of re-recordings of previously released songs by the band and is considered by some as a European counterpart to the album "Beyond The Darkness", as it served to properly introduce Balzac to Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20564184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564184" title="Octagon, Alabama">
Octagon, Alabama

Octagon is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Octagon had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
History.
The community of Octagon obtained its name from the Bethlehem Baptist Church. The first building for this church was an octagonal structure, built by George Washington Barkley and his sons after the American Civil War. At one time the community also had a Methodist church, a two-story school, general store, cotton gin, and grist mill. Only the Baptist church remains.
Geography.
Octagon is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20564190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564190" title="Near-close central unrounded vowel">
Near-close central unrounded vowel

The near-close central unrounded vowel, or near-high central unrounded vowel, is a type of vowel sound, used in some spoken languages. The International Phonetic Alphabet can represent this sound in a number of ways (see the box on the right), but the most common symbols are (centralized ) and (lowered ). In many British dictionaries, this vowel has been transcribed , which captures its height; in the American tradition it is more often , which captures its centrality, or , which captures both. The third edition of the OED adopted as a conflation of and to represent either or a vowel that varies between and .
The IPA prefers terms "close" and "open" for vowels, and the name of the article follows this. However, a large number of linguists, perhaps a majority in the USA, prefer the terms "high" and "low".

</doc>
<doc id="20564197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564197" title="A Figa">
A Figa

A Figa is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sartène.

</doc>
<doc id="20564204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564204" title="Apazzu">
Apazzu

Apazzu is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sartène.

</doc>
<doc id="20564210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564210" title="Hunter's Hot Springs (Oregon)">
Hunter's Hot Springs (Oregon)

Hunter's Hot Springs (renamed Geyser Hot Springs in 2000) are natural geothermal springs located in Lake County, Oregon, United States, north of Lakeview. The springs are named after Harry Hunter, who bought the springs in 1923. The best known feature within the geothermal area is "Old Perpetual", which was once Oregon's only continuously erupting geyser. The geyser was formed as a result of a well drilling attempt while Hunter was developing a health resort at the springs.
Springs.
The hot springs were discovered in 1832 by trappers from the Hudson's Bay Company, who noted in their journal that the water was unbearably hot. They are a small group of alkaline thermal springs in Lake County's Goose Lake Valley, north of Lakeview. The temperature of the various springs ranges from . The spring water is alkaline with a high concentration of sulfate and other minerals. This environment supports large bacterial mats in the natural channels that drain the springs. As a result, the bacterial mat communities at the hot springs have been studied and analyzed by microbiologists from around the world.
Old Perpetual.
The most striking feature at Hunter's Hot Springs is Old Perpetual. It once released a plume of water into the air every 90 seconds. Because of its former regular and rapid eruption pattern, Old Perpetual geyser was one of Lake County's most popular tourist attractions.
The geyser, still heavily promoted by the local Chamber of Commerce as a "must see" destination, has not erupted since June 2009, possibly due in part to the nearby geothermal development by the Town of Lakeview to supply the Warner Creek Correctional Facility with water for heating. Proposed further development of the site for geothermal power generation purposes threaten the entire hot springs wetlands.
Resort.
Hunter's Hot Springs are named after Harry Hunter, a land developer from Minneapolis, Minnesota. Hunter visited the site in 1919 while on a tour of the western United States. In 1923, he purchased the parcel that included the hot springs with the intention of developing a health resort. He began by organizing "Hunter's Chlorine Hot Springs Club", a business established to develop the hot springs as a therapy, rest, and recuperation resort. The club's first president was H. A. Utley and the resort's general manager was Dr. H. G. Kelty.
As Hunter started to develop the site in 1923, he was not satisfied with the amount of hot water the springs produced naturally so he had three wells drilled on the property. To his surprise, all three erupted as hot water geysers. Two of the geysers eventually died away, but one, Old Perpetual, still erupted every 40 to 120 seconds, depending on the seasonal water table level, until 2009.
The original resort building was constructed in 1925. As soon as the facility was finished, Dr. Kelty moved his medical practice to the site. A second building was added in 1926. In 1929, Kelty joined four other doctors to open a medical clinic at the site. Together the doctors purchased the hot springs, club facilities and equipment. In November 1929, a restaurant was opened to support their clinic practice. 
The clinic was sold in 1943. The new owners built a motel and cocktail lounge to complete the resort facilities. In the early 1990s, the outdoor pool was replaced and a racquetball court was added. New owners renovated the resort facilities again in 2000. Today, the resort operates a motel, lounge, and restaurant. The mineral pool is available to guests and the viewing area for Old Perpetual is open to the public.
Name.
The springs have long been known as Hunter's Hot Springs, and locals still refer to them that way. The 2000 owner renamed the resort to "Geyser Hot Springs", however the USGS only recognizes the variant name Geyser Hunters Hot Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="20564212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564212" title="Araghju">
Araghju

Araghju is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of San-Gavino-di-Carbini.

</doc>
<doc id="20564213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564213" title="Araguina-Sennola">
Araguina-Sennola

Araguina-Sennola is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Bonifacio.

</doc>
<doc id="20564216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564216" title="Surginer, Alabama">
Surginer, Alabama

Surginer is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Surginer had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Surginer is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20564217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564217" title="Bizzicu Rossu">
Bizzicu Rossu

Bizzicu Rossu is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Grossa.

</doc>
<doc id="20564225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564225" title="Campu di Bonu">
Campu di Bonu

Campu di Bonu is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Bisinchi.
It consists in two graves from the 3rd millennium BC.

</doc>
<doc id="20564226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564226" title="Cardiccia">
Cardiccia

Cardiccia is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sartène.

</doc>
<doc id="20564228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564228" title="Casteddu di Puzzonu">
Casteddu di Puzzonu

Casteddu di Puzzonu is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sartène.

</doc>
<doc id="20564231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564231" title="Ed Setzler">
Ed Setzler

Ed Setzler currently represents Georgia's 35th district in the Georgia House of Representatives.
Biography.
Rep. Ed Setzler represents the communities of Acworth and Kennesaw in the Georgia House of Representatives. First elected in 2004, Ed serves as the Chairman of the House committee on Science & Technology and serves on the Judiciary (Non-civil), Education, Appropriations, Transportation, Reapportionment, and Rules committees.
Born in Atlanta, Ed grew up in the Southeast and attended Furman University in Greenville, SC where he earned a Bachelor of Science in Physics and the designation of Distinguished Military Graduate with his Army commission in 1992. Ed served on active duty for 9 years as a US Army Officer with leadership assignments in Europe, North Africa, and the Persian Gulf. A graduate of the US Army Ranger School, Ed completed his active military service at Fort Stewart, GA as Commander of a 200 soldier transportation company in the 3rd Infantry Division (Mechanized). Since 2001, Rep. Setzler has worked full time in the architectural and engineering industry where he has served as program manager for a variety of environmental, engineering and design programs nationwide. 
As a father of four, Rep. Setzler is active in a number of non-profit organizations including serving as a frequent lecturer for the Foundation for Economic Education (www.fee.org). He works regularly with students in the Cobb County schools, Cobb youth sports programs, and serves as an Assistant Scoutmaster in BSA Troop 2096 in Acworth. Rep. Setzler and his family worship at St. Stephen Orthodox Christian Church in Hiram GA where Ed and his wife Tracie are active in youth and adult discipleship ministry.
Political career.
Since first being elected in 2004, Representative Setzler has been a leader in statewide education reform and in the protection of individual liberties.
As the Chairman of the House committee on Science & Technology, Rep. Setzler is responsible to provide leadership in promoting scientific research, the growth of a vibrant high technology sector in Georgia, and in employing technology to address the state's public sector needs.
Rep. Setzler has played an important role in providing real public school choice options for Georgia’s families. As a leader in Georgia's effort to pass a statewide constitutional amendment to allow state-authorized charter schools, Ed's efforts provided students from all ends of the socioeconomic spectrum increased options in obtaining a high quality public education.
Ed’s commitment to educational choice for all Georgia families supported the creation of the SB-10 (2007) scholarship program to support special needs children that are underserved by their local public schools. Additionally, Ed’s support of HB-1133 (2008) created a nationally recognized program in which low-income and middle class families can defray the cost of private education by qualifying for tuition scholarships funded by local businesses and individuals who make tax-deductible contributions to scholarship foundations.
As the Chairman of the 2006 House Study Committee on Biological Privacy, Rep. Setzler brought together a panel of nationally recognized experts to advance policies to prevent governments and private entities from using emerging technologies to violate the personal privacy rights of citizens. Rep. Setzler was also instrumental in the passage of SB-77 (2006) the Unborn Victims of Violence Act. With its passage, Georgia became one of approximately 30 states that will now prosecute a violent crime against a pregnant woman as crimes against two distinct persons. Under SB-77, a person found guilty of causing the death of an unborn child shall be guilty of “feticide”, a crime punishable by life in prison. Not only did SB-77 provide tougher penalties for crimes against women, it provided protections under Georgia law for unborn children beginning at the moment of conception.
Additionally, Rep. Setzler is the sponsor of HR-9 (2009) the Freedom of Ownership Amendment (FOA) to the Georgia constitution. When adopted by statewide referendum, this innovative measure will allow Georgia property owners to make an advanced payment to local governments equaling 20 times the current year's property tax obligation. Once this payment is made (estimated at 30% of the property value), the subject property will be permanently and unconditionally free from ad valorem property taxation, a benefit that will be transferable upon sale to all subsequent owners. Similar to a small public retirement system, this 20 year cash payment will provide an annuitized stream of investment revenue equal to or greater than the annual tax revenue generated by a property. This measure failed to secure final passage during the 2009 session of the Georgia General Assembly.
2004 Election.
With an open House District 35 seat created by federal court redistricting, the 2004 Republican primary was an extremely competitive race between four candidates, the result of which was decided in a primary run-off election between Ed Setzler 63.5% and Daryl Kidd 36.5%.
Results of the July 20, 2004 Primary Election
Daryl Kidd 1,048 22.8 %
Paul McKittrick 1,028 22.4 %
Mike Serkedakis 1,007 21.9 %
Ed Setzler 1,505 32.8%
After having won the Republican primary runoff, Setzler went unopposed in the 2004 General Election.
2008 Election.
After having again won unopposed in 2006, Setzler was challenged by local Lost Mountain Middle School teacher Jason Adams. On November 4, 2008, Setzler received 60.8% of the vote to Adams 39.2%
Results of the November 4, 2008 General Election
Ed Setzler (R) 14,178 60.8 %
Jason Adams (D) 9,149 39.2%
In outperforming Republican presidential candidate John McCain by more than 6% in his House District, Representative Setzler focused his grass-roots campaign on education reform, providing vital infrastructure, and his record of 'common sense conservative' leadership on behalf of ordinary citizens.
Committee Assignments.
Science & Technology - Chairman 
Judiciary (Non-civil)
Education
Appropriations
Transportation
Reapportionment
Rules

</doc>
<doc id="20564233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564233" title="Cauria">
Cauria

Cauria is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sartène.

</doc>
<doc id="20564236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564236" title="Ceccia">
Ceccia

Ceccia is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Porto-Vecchio.

</doc>
<doc id="20564237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564237" title="Trinity Episcopal Church (Danville, Kentucky)">
Trinity Episcopal Church (Danville, Kentucky)

Trinity Episcopal Church in Danville, Kentucky was one of the first churches organized in the Episcopal Diocese of Kentucky. Trinity Church is the oldest in-use church structure in Danville and the oldest continuously used Episcopal church building in the Episcopal Diocese of Lexington as well as the second oldest in Kentucky. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The origin of the Episcopal church in Kentucky dates to 1796 when Christ Church in Lexington was organized. It wasn't until 1809, however, that the parish was formally established when the first vestry was elected. In 1822 a second Episcopal church was established in Louisville, it too being named Christ Church. The building, which is now Christ Church Cathedral, was completed in 1824. In 1829 Reverend George T. Chapman, rector of Lexington's Christ Church from 1820–1830, proposed the formation of a Diocese. In working towards this goal, Reverend Chapman visited Danville and organized a congregation. The group of local citizens who were instrumental in the formation of the new church were mostly physicians, lawyers, bankers, merchants, and landowners. Members of the committee formed to erect a church building included Dr. Ephraim McDowell and his wife, Sarah Shelby McDowell, daughter of Isaac Shelby, the first Governor of Kentucky. Another influential member and largest contributor to the church was James Birney, a wealthy merchant, who was the father of James G. Birney, the prominent abolitionist.
The new church building, completed in late 1830 or early 1831, was built by Robert Russel, Jr., a local brick maker and mason. Russel, a native of Virginia, settled in Danville in 1805. He built almost all of the early brick buildings in Danville, including Old Centre in 1820. Russel's fees must have been modest for the vestry minutes indicate that it was decided to begin construction as soon as $1,500 had been subscribed. The new building was consecrated on June 3, 1831, by the Reverend William Meade, then assistant Bishop of the Diocese of Virginia, who was to become one of the most influential leaders of the Episcopal Church. The new Kentucky Diocese, having at this time no bishop of its own, had invited him to visit Kentucky to perform such functions as ordaining new clergy, confirming laymen, and consecrating churches.
The first rector of the parish was the Reverend Gideon McMilan. In addition to his duties as rector of Trinity Church, Reverend McMillan regularly traveled throughout the surrounding area on horseback, establishing missions in Harrodsburg and Lancaster. Reverend McMillan's service to the church was short lived, for he fell victim to the cholera epidemic of 1833, after ministering to the needs of the community. He was buried along the south wall of the church, which is now covered by the chancel.
Trinity Church continued to grow and to hold regular services. In 1860, however, the church was severely damaged in a fire which destroyed most of the Danville commercial district. The day after the fire, the building was inspected and it was determined that the four walls of the church and the vestibule which remained intact, were structurally sound. A new roof and bell tower were constructed, as well as a recessed chancel. Also at this time the original window openings were replaced by paired lancet windows with wooden tracery and a quatrefoil design centered above. The remodeled interior was plain with a balcony and organ over the entrance, and the nave was covered with simple open-timber roof. Thus, after the restoration was completed in 1861, the church which had been constructed in a modified Federal mode, was transformed into a fine Gothic Revival structure. The church, which has remained unaltered, continues to be a good example of a Gothic Revival ecclesiastical design.
For several months in 1862 the newly restored church was used as a hospital for Union troops wounded in the Battle of Perryville, which took place on October 8, 1862. A drawing of the reception of the Union troops into Danville after the battle, which appeared in the November 8, 1862 issue of Harper's Weekly Magazine, clearly shows the outline of Trinity Church.
Description.
The original church structure consisted of a rectangular block with a two-story vestibule projecting forward from the central bay of the facade. The walls of the vestibule, facade, and sides were laid in Flemish bond with queen closers at the corners. Two rectangular openings, filled with clear glass and Venetian shutters, were spaced along the sides. In 1842 a cupola was added to the vestibule to house the church bell. In the interior of the church, the ceiling was supported by two rows of three Doric columns. In the rear of the church (north wall) was a gallery for the organ and choir.
In 1860, the church was gutted and the roof destroyed in a fire. After the fire it was determined that the vestibule and the four walls that remained standing were structurally sound and that it would be safe to rebuild upon them. The reconstruction plans, implemented in 1860, called for several alterations which transformed the church into a Gothic Revival structure. The chancel was recessed and three lancet windows, the central opening being taller and broader than the others, were added over the altars. Two narrow lancet windows, designed to light the choir loft, were added in the facade, as well as one in the bell tower. The original rectangular openings were replaced by paired lancets, surmounted by a quatrefoil in a circle. All the windows were filled with stained glass and decorated with wooden tracery, with stone sills below and a keystone above.
The original cupola was replaced by a bell tower and a tall octagonal steeple which is crowned with a cross. Narrow louvered lancet openings are located on the four sides at the base of the steeple. Triangular vents are placed in the middle of the tower.

</doc>
<doc id="20564239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564239" title="Irvin Koszewski">
Irvin Koszewski

Irvin "Zabo" Koszewski (August 20, 1924 – March 29, 2009) was an American professional bodybuilder and a 2007 inductee to the International Federation of BodyBuilders Hall of Fame.
He was particularly known for his abdominal muscles. John Balik of Iron Man magazine recalled that "he had a 10-pack of abs when everyone else had a six-pack."
Koszewski features in the iconic Pop Art collage Just what is it that makes today's homes so different, so appealing?.
Filmography.
Koszewski appeared in the Cheech and Chong film Nice Dreams (1981) and was the stunt double for Tommy Chong in Things Are Tough All Over (1982). He appeared (as himself) in the documentary film a/k/a Tommy Chong (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20564240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564240" title="Ciuttulaghja">
Ciuttulaghja

Ciuttulaghja is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Appietto.

</doc>
<doc id="20564245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564245" title="Cucuruzzu">
Cucuruzzu

Cuccuruzzu is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Levie.
History of Development of the site.
After the interest in Cucuruzzu in 1959 by Roger Grosjean, archaeologist known for having studied Filitosa, and the excavations which he proceeded in 1963 and 1964, the site was acquired in 1975 by state and declared historical monument in 1982. It is now owned by the Territorial Collectivity of Corsica.
Restored in 1991, stripping the vegetation which invaded it, its development provides public access while limiting its degradation.

</doc>
<doc id="20564246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564246" title="Amazons (comics)">
Amazons (comics)

Comics characters inspired by Amazons.

</doc>
<doc id="20564249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564249" title="Siddonsville, Alabama">
Siddonsville, Alabama

Siddonsville is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Siddonsville had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Siddonsville is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20564251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564251" title="Cuntorba">
Cuntorba

Cuntorba is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Olmeto.

</doc>
<doc id="20564264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564264" title="Currachjaghju">
Currachjaghju

Currachjaghju is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Levie.

</doc>
<doc id="20564270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564270" title="Figa la Sarra">
Figa la Sarra

Figa la Sarra is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Olmeto.

</doc>
<doc id="20564282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564282" title="Gritulu">
Gritulu

Gritulu is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Luri, Haute-Corse.

</doc>
<doc id="20564287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564287" title="Leonardo Zappavigna">
Leonardo Zappavigna

Leonardo "Lenny" Zappavigna (born 27 October 1987 in Sydney, Australia) is a professional boxer of Italian descent. He is the current IBO Lightweight and IBF Pan Pacific Light Welterweight champion. 
Honours.
In the 2006 Commonwealth Games held in Melbourne, Australia Leonardo won a bronze medal in the Lightweight 60kg weight division.

</doc>
<doc id="20564288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564288" title="Monte Grossu">
Monte Grossu

Monte Grossu is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Biguglia.

</doc>
<doc id="20564300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564300" title="Monte Lazzu">
Monte Lazzu

Monte Lazzu is an archaeological site in Corsica.

</doc>
<doc id="20564301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564301" title="Izi language">
Izi language

Izi (Izii, Izzi) is an Igbo language spoken in Ebonyi state in Nigeria. It forms a dialect cluster closely related Ikwo, Ezza, and Mgbo.
Demographics.
Speakers of the Izi language are spread over a large area. Belonging to a larger group of people called the Igbo, the Izi distinguish themselves from their neighbors and have divided themselves into many clans. Izi speakers are found East of Abakaliki, the capital of the Ebonyi State and extend as far as the Anambra and Imo State boundaries. Longitudinally, Izi speakers extend from the Plateau State to approximately 12 miles north of the Cross River which runs through the appropriately named Cross River State. The maps on this page highlight the area where Izi speakers live, showing both the country of Nigeria within the African Continent and the divisions within Nigeria. Izi’s parent group, the Igbo, reside in Southeast Nigeria. The area where the Igbo live has been termed “Igboland.” Though this area is divided by the Niger River, cultural unity is maintained by the Igbo people as the River provides a convenient means of communication.
History.
A Brief History of Igbo Speakers.
Research on the origins of the Igbo is limited, but a leading hypothesis is that many different communities immigrated in waves from the West and North to the borders of the central area of Igboland. These waves of immigration may have begun as early as the 9th century. From this central area, migration in the more recent past has occurred in all directions which has led to one homogenous Igbo culture. The Portuguese arrived in Igboland in the mid-15th century and from 1434-1807, contact points between European and African traders were established along the Niger coast. After slavery was abolished in 1807, the British became aggressive in its practices of industrial trade and imperialism. The British eventually conquered Igboland, and Igbo culture was compromised by British imperialism.
A History of Igbo Orthography.
Before the 16th century, the Igbo had a pictogram form of writing called “Nsibidi”. This form died out most likely due to the fact that many of its users were members of secret societies who did not want to publicly discuss it. In 1854, A German philologist named Karl Richard Lepsius made a “Standard Alphabet” meant for all the languages of the world. In 1882, Britain enacted an educational ordinance to direct the teaching of reading and writing only in English. This temporarily inhibited the development of Igbo, along with other languages of West Africa. Controversy over Igbo orthography began in 1927 when the International Institute of African Languages and Cultures (IIALC) published a pamphlet called “Practical Orthography of African Languages.” The consonants /gw/, /kw/, and /nw/ were added to represent Igbo sounds. The pamphlet used some symbols from the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA), which began a controversy with the missionary society who had used Lepsius' writing for almost 70 years. In 1929, the Colonial Government Board of Education tried to replace Lepsius with the IIALC’s orthography. The government, along with Roman Catholic and Methodist missionaries, accepted and adopted the new orthography; however, other Protestant missionaries opposed it. A standard alphabet based on a “central” dialect was proposed in 1944 by Dr. Ida Ward, but the controversy continued, and a resolution was made to use this alphabet only for government literature. A standard form was agreed upon by 1962 and is still in use today. In 1972, a standardization committee met to expand the Igbo language, borrowing words from various dialects other than the “central” one. This idea for a “Standard Igbo” was meant to be spoken and understood by all Igbo speakers. Between 1973 and 1976, the standardization committee’s recommendations for Igbo spelling were approved, and new suggestions for the rearrangement of the Igbo alphabet were taken into consideration. The standard Igbo orthography that is currently in use is based on the dialects of Owerri and Umuahia. The alphabet is shown below along with the IPA transcriptions.
Vocabulary.
Comparing Izi, Ezaa, and Ikwo reveals that these dialects share about 95% of their vocabulary. However, comparisons with the Central Igbo language showed only an 80% consistency in lexical items. Since Izi, Ezaa, and Ikwo are mutually intelligible with each other but not with Central Igbo, they are classified as one language separate from the Central Igbo language. However, some of the words in Izi are cognates of Central Igbo.
Phonology.
Consonants.
Izi contains 26 consonant phonemes classified under six manners of articulation and five places of articulation which is shown in the chart below. Consonants are also distinguished by voicing. 
Both voiced and voiceless stops occur in labial, alveolar, velar, and labio-velar places of articulation. There are also corresponding nasals for each of these places of articulation. Fricatives only occur as labials, alveolars, and velars; and affricates are only formed in the labial and alveolar regions of the oral cavity. Izi has both a lateral and non-lateral liquid, but some speakers replace the non-lateral with the lateral liquid.
Vowels.
Izi has a moderate vowel inventory. There are nine vowel phonemes in Izi, including the canonical vowels plus two more front vowels and two more back vowels. Below is a table of the vowels divided by their places of articulation in the oral cavity as well as the position of the root of the tongue.
Syntagmatic Features.
Syntagmatic features are related to the syntactic relationship between morphological or phonological units. In Izi, every syllable is marked with one or more features of pitch and quality. The three features of quality in Izi are palatalization, labialization, and neutral. They are regarded as syllable features for several reasons, but most importantly because they cause contrast between syllables rather than between individual phonemes.
Palatalization is phonetically realized as strong palatal friction or as slight vowel fronting in the syllable. It occurs whenever a syllable margin is the palatal , and sometimes when the margin is an alveolar consonant (with the exception of liquids) or a bilabial stop. For example, , meaning ‘to shake a rattle’ and , ‘a bird,’ are marked by the palatalization feature because they contain a syllable with a margin. 
The labialization feature is phonetically realized by the semivowel between a consonant margin and a vowel nucleus, as in , meaning ‘razor’. It can also occur when the syllable margin is a velar stop or nasal, or a liquid. The contrast in meaning is exemplified by comparing it to the word , which is translated as ‘story.’ Lip rounding occurs throughout the entire syllable of which differentiates it from . 
The neutral feature is simply the absence of the other two features of quality. There are no consonant margin restrictions other than the absence of and margins found in syllables marked by the labialization and palatalization features. An example of a neutral syllable is , which means ‘salt’ 
Syllable Structure.
There are two distinguished types of syllable structures in Izi: CVN, where the consonant onset and nasal coda are optional; and N, which consists of a syllabic nasal. This yields five possible combinations of V, CV, VN, CVN, N, where V=vowel, C=consonant, and N=syllabic nasal. There are a few syllable restrictions in Izi: 
1) The consonants and can only occur in syllables with nuclei consisting of a high back vowel and are marked by the neutral feature.
2) The consonants can only occur between vowels , , and and are marked by the neutral feature.
3) High front vowels do not occur in
a) syllables with the labialization feature. 
b) syllables with the neutral feature and consonant margins consisting of fricatives, velar and labio-velar nasals, and stops (except ). 
4) High back vowels do not occur in 
a) syllables with the palatalization feature. 
b) syllables with the neutral feature and a consonant margin of .
Tone System.
Izi, like many Niger–Congo languages, has a two-tone system which consists of a high tone and a low tone. Low tone has two variations: raising low tone (L) and non-raising low tone (^L). High tone has one variation: raised high (R). The tone system also has three features: downstep (!), upstep (^) and latent low (‘ placed before the word). Rules for the operation of the tonal variations are as follows: 
a) There is a two-way phonemic contrast after a low tone; that is, a low tone may be followed by another low tone or a high tone.
b) A three-way phonemic contrast exists after a high tone. It may be followed by another high tone, a low tone, or a downstep to another high tone. 
There are many minimal pairs of tone; an example is the word . Pronounced with a high tone followed by a high tone, it means ‘hand.’ With two low tones, it means ‘worm.’ The translation becomes ‘notch mark’ when pronounced with a high tone followed by a low tone, and when the high tone follows the low tone, is interpreted as ‘place’.
Morphology and syntax.
Izi is a fairly isolating language, and it has equal suffixing and prefixing, as in the following example. 
Instead of the morphemes all combining to form one sentence, each morpheme in this sentence is disconnected to suggest that Izi is an isolating language. This sentence also reveals that the word order of this language is subject–verb–object (SVO). This is seen in the phrase meaning ‘it is people,’ where ‘it’ is the subject, ‘is’ is the verb, and ‘people’ is the object. Another feature illustrated by this sentence is the order of nouns and genitives, and nouns and demonstratives. These structures are head-initial, where the noun head comes before both the genitive and the demonstrative. For instance, in this sentence, ‘village’ appears before the genitive pronoun ‘our,’ and ‘meeting’ appears before the demonstrative ‘that.’ Adjectives can occur before or after the noun; however the adjective-noun order is preferred. The order of the adposition in relation to the order of the object and verb is typical. One would expect prepositions in a language where the verb is placed before the object, and Izi lives up to this expectation. The following shows this preposition-object relationship:
Conclusion.
There is nothing particularly peculiar about Izi; its typological characteristics show strong associations with the Niger–Congo family. The Izi language has yet to be fully investigated. Its parent language, Igbo, has had apparent success since it has existed since at least prior to the 16th century. Izi, however, has only about 200,000 speakers all concentrated in one relatively small area of the world, causing difficulty in judging the success of the language.

</doc>
<doc id="20564305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564305" title="Paddaghju">
Paddaghju

Paddaghju is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sartène.

</doc>
<doc id="20564312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564312" title="Presa-Tusiu">
Presa-Tusiu

Presa-Tusiu is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Altagène.

</doc>
<doc id="20564320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564320" title="Pughjaredda">
Pughjaredda

Pughjaredda is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sotta.

</doc>
<doc id="20564333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564333" title="Rusumini">
Rusumini

Rusumini is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Castineta.

</doc>
<doc id="20564339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564339" title="Settiva">
Settiva

Settiva is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Petreto-Bicchisano.

</doc>
<doc id="20564341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564341" title="Stantari">
Stantari

Stantari is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in "Cauria", commune of Sartène.
The alignments of Stantari is close to the dolmen of Funtanaccia ; in a distance of 300 m in the south are Rinaghju alignments.

</doc>
<doc id="20564347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564347" title="Casteddu di Tappa">
Casteddu di Tappa

Casteddu di Tappa is an Bronze Age archaeological site of the Torréen Culture, in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Porto-Vecchio.

</doc>
<doc id="20564353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564353" title="Michal Sersen">
Michal Sersen

Michel Sersen (born December 28, 1985 in Gelnica, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays HC Slovan Bratislava of the Slovak Extraliga. Sersen was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins 130 overall in the 5th round of the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. 
Sersen began his professional career with Bratislava at age 17 in 2002. During the 2002–03 season he had five goals and four assists in 33 games with the junior team before being promoted to the top-level Extraliga team. At the end of the season he entered the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League Import Draft and was selected first overall by the Rimouski Océanic, where he was teammates with the Sidney Crosby, the Penguins' first selection in 2005. In his first season he scored 25 points in 45 games and 6 points in 9 playoff games. He played the 2005–06 season for the Quebec Remparts, scoring 79 points in 63 games, and 21 points in 23 playoff games. That season he was on the Memorial Cup All-Star team, second-team QMJHL for the regular season and the 2005–06 QMJHL Plus-Minus champion. After failing to earn a spot on the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins roster in 2006, Sersen returned to Slovakia to again play for Bratislava. Pittsburgh traded the rights to Sersen to the Tampa Bay Lightning in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20564366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564366" title="Tivulaghju">
Tivulaghju

Tivulaghju is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Porto-Vecchio. The site was first excavated in 1960, and has since been used to prove prehistoric links between Corsica and Sardinia.

</doc>
<doc id="20564372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564372" title="Tremeca">
Tremeca

Tremeca is an archaeological site in Corsica. It consists of a dolmen with a semicircular capstone, and is located near the village of Casaglione.

</doc>
<doc id="20564384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564384" title="Arab Ice Hockey Federation">
Arab Ice Hockey Federation

The Arab Ice Hockey Federation was created in late 2008, aimed at progressing the sport of ice hockey in the Middle East and North Africa. It is based in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates and currently has 6 members.
Following the success of the Arab Cup of Ice Hockey in June 2008, there was seen to be a greater need for the ice hockey playing Arab nations to work together.
With ice hockey now being played in Bahrain, Qatar, Oman, Saudi Arabia and Lebanon, it's expected that more countries will join the Arab Ice Hockey Association shortly.
Initially the idea of Algerian management Karim Kerbouche and Mustapha Chergui, it soon gained support from the UAE and Moroccan management, along with the newly created Tunisian National Ice Hockey Team.

</doc>
<doc id="20564399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564399" title="Conlan Carter">
Conlan Carter

Chester Conlan Carter (born October 3, 1934) is a former film and television actor best known for the role of "Doc", featured in sixty-six episodes of the Rick Jason and Vic Morrow ABC World War II television series "Combat!" (1962–1967). In 1964, Carter was nominated for an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Performance in a Supporting Role by an Actor" on the "Combat!" episode "The Hostages". From 1960-1962, Carter appeared as C.E. Carruthers, the assistant to the attorney Abraham Lincoln Jones, portrayed by James Whitmore (1921–2009), in ABC's legal drama, "The Law and Mr. Jones". 
Carter was born in Center Ridge, an unincorporated community in Conway County in north central Arkansas, but he was reared on a farm near Matthews in New Madrid County in the far southeastern "Boot" of Missouri. He graduated from Matthews High School and was the state champion in the pole vault in 1951-1952. He was also named to the all-state track team. From 1952-1954, he attended Southeast Missouri State University in Cape Girardeau on an athletic scholarship. He then served in the United States Air Force from 1954–1956 and acquired an interest in flying.
In 1956, he relocated to San Francisco, California, to study with Mara Alexander Gilbert of the Bay City Actor's Lab. For three years, he concentrated on musical comedy and appeared in more than ten productions before he relocated to North Hollywood. His first television appearances were in 1959-1960 on the Four Star westerns, "Johnny Ringo" with Don Durant, "The Westerner" with Brian Keith, and the parent program, "Dick Powell's Zane Grey Theater". At the age of twenty-six, Carter acquired the secondary role on Four Star's "The Law and Mr. Jones" with Whitmore and Janet De Gore.
In 1963, he joined "Combat!" at the start of its second season, having also appeared as a guest star in the first season of the program as a corporal in the episode "Hill 256". In 1964, the same year as his Emmy nomination, Carter obtained his first film role in the comedy, "Quick Before It Melts", in which he portrayed an uncouth radio operator in Antarctica.
After "Combat!", he appeared in the 1973 feature film "White Lightning" with Burt Reynolds as well as on many television programs. He guest starred in 1961 on NBC's "Outlaws" as Perry Brathwaite in the segment "The Brathwaite Brothers". He also appeared in Clint Eastwood's "Rawhide", in Don Durant's "Johnny Ringo", and on five occasions on James Arness's "Gunsmoke", all on CBS. He was featured three times on ABC's "The Big Valley" with Barbara Stanwyck and twice on the network's "The Rifleman" with Chuck Connors. He also guest starred twice on NBC's "Bonanza" and "The Virginian" with James Drury and on CBS's crime dramas "Barnaby Jones" with Buddy Ebsen and "Mannix" with Mike Connors. He also appeared as an ensign in the 1963 episode "The Thirty-Fathom Grave" of CBS's "The Twilight Zone".
One of Carter's more unusual roles was in 1970 as L. Frank Baum, the creator of "The Wizard of Oz", on the episode "The Wizard of Aberdeen" on the syndicated series "Death Valley Days". Other appearances were on ABC's "Alias Smith and Jones", NBC's "The Wide Country" with Earl Holliman and "Dr. Kildare" with Richard Chamberlain, and CBS's "The Dukes of Hazzard". He also appeared in an uncredited role in "The Hellstrom Chronicle". His last television appearance was as Police Chief Ed Train in a 1986 episode of ABC's "MacGyver" adventure series starring Richard Dean Anderson.
After he acquired his commercial pilot's license, Carter left acting. He lives in the resort community of Branson in southwestern Missouri. He formerly resided in Naples, Florida, where he piloted business executives around the United States in their own private aircraft. He had also been a corporate pilot. On December 21, 1957, he married the former Patrician Ann Musser (born 1937). Carter is currently married to the former Betty Carol Murphy (born 1935). He is a brother of actor John Carter (born 1927).

</doc>
<doc id="20564408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564408" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1929–1932">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1929–1932

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1929 to 1932. Half of its members were elected at the 14 November 1925 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1926 and finishing on 30 June 1932; the other half were elected at the 17 November 1928 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1929 and finishing on 30 June 1935.
In 1931 five Labor members in the House of Representatives split from the Scullin government in opposition to its economic policies on the Great Depression and joined the Nationalist Party and three conservative independents in the House to form the United Australia Party (UAP). Subsequently some New South Wales members and senators were expelled from the Labor Party for their support of New South Wales Premier Jack Lang's policy of repudiating foreign debt and formed the Australian Labor Party (New South Wales)—known as Lang Labor—and later voted with the UAP to defeat the Scullin government, leading to the 1931 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20564439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564439" title="Supercritical adsorption">
Supercritical adsorption

Supercritical Adsorption also referred to as the adsorption of supercritical fluids, is the adsorption at above-critical temperatures. There are different tacit understandings of supercritical fluids. For example, “a fluid is considered to be ‘supercritical’ when its temperature and pressure exceed the temperature and pressure at the critical point”. In the studies of supercritical extraction, however, “supercritical fluid” is applied for a narrow temperature region of 1-1.2formula_1 or formula_1 to formula_1+10 K, which is called the supercritical region. (formula_1 is the critical temperature)
History.
Observations of supercritical adsorption reported before 1930 was covered in studies by McBain and Britton. All of the important articles on this subject published between 1930 and 1966 have been reviewed by Menon. During the last 20 years, a growing interest in supercritical adsorption research under the impetus of the quest for clean alternative fuels has been observed. Considerable progress has been made in both adsorption measurement techniques and molecular simulation of adsorption on computers, rendering new insights into the nature of supercritical adsorption.
Properties.
According to the adsorption behavior, the adsorption of gases on solids can be classified into three temperature ranges relative to formula_1:
1.Subcritical region (T<formula_1)
2.Near-critical region (formula_1<T<formula_1+10)
3.The region T>formula_1+10
Isotherms in the first region will show the feature of subcritical adsorption. Isotherms in the second region will show the feature of mechanism transition. Isotherms in the third region will show the feature of supercritical adsorption. The transition will take a continuous way if the isotherms in both sides of the critical temperature belong to the same type, such as adsorption on microporous activated carbon. However, discontinuous transition could be observed on isotherms in the second region if there is a transformation of isotherm types, such as adsorption on mesoporous silica gel. The decisive factor in such a classification of adsorption is merely temperature, irrespective of pressure. This is because a fluid cannot undergo a transition to a liquid phase at above-critical temperature, regardless of the pressure applied. This fundamental law determines the different adsorption mechanism for the subcritical and supercritical regions. For the subcritical region, the highest equilibrium pressure of adsorption is the saturation pressure formula_10 of adsorbate. Beyond formula_10 condensation happens. Adsorbate in the adsorbed phase is largely in liquid state, based on which different adsorption and thermodynamic theories as well as their applications were developed. For supercritical region, condensation cannot happen, no matter how great the pressure is.
Acquisition of supercritical adsorption isotherms.
An adsorption isotherm depicts the relation between the quantity adsorbate and the bulk phase pressure (or density) at equilibrium for a constant temperature. It is a dataset of specified adsorption equilibrium. Such equilibrium data are required for optimal design of process relying on adsorption and are considered fundamental information for theoretical studies.
1. Measurement of Gas/Solid Adsorption Equilibriums
Volumetric Method
Volumetric method was used in the early days of adsorption studies by Langmuir, Dubinin and others. It basically comprises a gas expansion process from a storage vessel (reference cell) to an adsorption chamber including adsorbent (adsorption cell) through a controlling valve C, as schematically shown in Figure 1. The reference cell with volume formula_12 is kept at a constant temperature formula_13. The value of formula_12 includes the volume of the tube between the reference cell and valve C. The adsorption cell is kept at the specified equilibrium temperature formula_15. The volume of the connecting tube between the adsorption cell and valve is divided into two parts: one part with volume formula_16 with same temperature as the reference cell. The other part is buried in an atmosphere of temperature formula_15. Its volume is added to the volume of adsorption cell formula_18.
The amount adsorbed can be calculated from the pressure readings before and after opening valve C based on the p-V-T relationship of real gases. A dry and degassed adsorbent sample of known weight was enclosed in the adsorption cell. An amount of gas is let into formula_12 to maintain a pressure formula_20. The moles of gas confined in formula_12 are calculated as:
formula_22
The pressure drops to formula_23 after opening valve C. The amount of gas maintained in formula_12, formula_16, and formula_18 are respectively:
formula_27
formula_28
formula_29
The amount adsorbed or the excess adsorption N is then obtained:
formula_30
where formula_31 and formula_32 are the moles of the gas remaining in formula_16 and formula_18 before opening valve C. All of the compressibility factor values are calculated by a proper equation of state, which can generate appropriate z values for temperatures not close to the critical zone.
The main advantages of this method are simplicity in procedure, commercial availability of instruments, and the large ranges of pressure and temperature in which this method can be realized. The disadvantage of volumetric measurements is the considerable amount of adsorbent sample needed to overcome adsorption effects on the walls of the vessels. However, this may be a positive aspect if the sample is adequate. A larger amount of sample results in considerable adsorption and usually provides a larger void space in the adsorption cell, rendering the effect of uncertainty in “dead space” to a minimum.
Gravimetric Method
In gravimetric method, the weight change of the adsorbent sample in the gravity field due to adsorption from the gas phase is recorded. Various types of sensitive microbalance have been developed for this purpose. A continuous-flow gravimetric technique coupled with wavelet rectification allows for higher precision, especially in the near-critical region.
Major advantages of gravimetric method include sensitivity, accuracy, and the possibility of checking the state of activation of an adsorbent sample. However, consideration must be given to buoyancy correction in gravimetric measurement. A counterpart is used for this purpose. The solid sample is placed in a sample holder on one arm of the microbalance while the counterpart is loaded on the other arm. Care must be taken to keep the volume of the sample and the counterpart as close as possible to reduce the buoyancy effect. The system is vacuumed and the balance is zeroed before starting experiments. Buoyancy is measured by introducing helium and pressurizing up to the highest pressure of the experiment. It is assumed that helium does not adsorb and any weight change (ΔW) is due to buoyancy. Knowing the density of helium (formula_35), one can determine the difference in volume (ΔV) between the sample and the counterpart:
formula_36
The measured weight can be corrected for the buoyancy effect at a specified temperature and pressure:
formula_37
formula_38 is the weight reading before correction.
2. Generating Isotherms by Molecular Simulation of Adsorption
Monte Carlo and molecular dynamic approaches became useful tools for theoretical calculations aiming at predictions of adsorption equilibriums and diffusivities in small pores of various simple geometries. The interactions between adsorbate molecules are represented by the Lenard-Jones potential:
formula_39
where r is the interparticle distance, formula_40 is the point at which the potential is zero, and formula_41 is the well depth.where r is the interparticle distance, formula_40 is the point at which the potential is zero, and formula_41 is the well depth.
Experimental Isotherms of the Supercritical Region.
L Zhou and coworkers used a volumetric apparatus to measure the adsorption equilibriums of hydrogen and methane on activated carbon (Figure 2, 3). They also measure the adsorption equilibriums of nitrogen on microporous activated carbon (Figure 4) and on a mesoporous silica gel (Figure 5) for both subcritical and supercritical region. Figure 6 shows the isotherms of methane on silica gel.
Future problems.
Adsorption of fluid at above-critical temperatures and elevated pressures is a field growing importance in both science and engineering. It is the physicochemical basis of many engineering processes and potential industrial applications. For example, separation or purification of light hydrocarbons, storage of fuel gases in microporous solids, adsorption from supercritical gases in extraction processes and chromatography. Besides, knowledge of gas/solid interface phenomenon at high pressures is fundamental to heterogeneous catalysis. However, the limited number of reliable high-pressure adsorption data hampered the progress of the theoretical study.
At least two problems have to be solved before a consistent system of theories for supercritical adsorption becomes sophisticated: first, how to set up a thermodynamically standard state for the supercritical adsorbed phase, so that the adsorption potential for supercritical adsorption can be evaluated? Second, how to determine the total amount in the adsorbed phase based on experimentally measured equilibrium data. Determination of the absolute adsorption is needed for establishing thermodynamic theory because as a reflection of statistical behavior of molecules, thermodynamic rules must rely on the total, not part of, material confined in the system studied.
From recent studies of supercritical adsorption, there seems to be an end in the high-pressure direction for supercritical adsorption. However, adsorbed-phase density is the decisive factor for the existence of this end. The state of adsorbate at the “end” provides the standard state of the supercritical adsorbed phase just like the saturated liquid, which is the end state of adsorbate in the subcritical adsorption. So the “end state” has to be precisely defined. To establish a definite relationship for the adsorbed phase density at the end state, abundant and reliable experimental data are still required.

</doc>
<doc id="20564450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564450" title="Conrail contract service">
Conrail contract service

The Consolidated Rail Corporation (Conrail) provided subsidized passenger and freight contract service from the beginning of operations in 1976 through the 1980s. Conrail operated commuter trains until the Northeast Rail Service Act of 1981 transferred then to local authorities. It also operated freight on "light-density lines" owned by its bankrupt predecessors, and later by government authorities; these were gradually abandoned or transferred to short-line railroads.

</doc>
<doc id="20564463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564463" title="Playa Caribe">
Playa Caribe

Playa Caribe is a beach situated a few minutes north of Juan Griego, at a small bay on the west coast of Isla Margarita. It is a fairly popular beach nearly a mile long (1200 m) with several restaurants and foodstands. Playa Caribe is an exposed beach break with moderate waves. 

</doc>
<doc id="20564474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564474" title="Codona">
Codona

Codona was a free jazz and world fusion group which released three self-titled albums on the ECM label in 1978, 1980 and 1982. 
The trio consisted of Don Cherry (trumpet, melodica, organ), Collin Walcott (tabla, sitar, percussion), and Nana Vasconcelos (berimbau, percussion).
The name of the group is derived from the first two letters of each of the member's first names.

</doc>
<doc id="20564502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564502" title="2008 Vallelunga Superleague Formula round">
2008 Vallelunga Superleague Formula round

The 2008 Vallelunga Superleague Formula round was the fifth round of the inaugural Superleague Formula championship, with the races taking place on November 2, 2008. Eighteen football teams were represented on the grid, the same number of teams as there was at the previous three rounds. There were two driver changes before this round of the championship and one during the round: Duncan Tappy returned to the Tottenham Hotspur cockpit replacing Dominik Jackson, having missed the previous round in Portugal and Kasper Andersen was replaced by Stamatis Katsimis in the Olympiacos CFP car. Having broken a bone in his right hand in practice, Paul Meijer was replaced by Dominick Muermans in the Al Ain car – becoming their fourth driver in five races. The meeting saw a third win for championship leaders Beijing Guoan and a first win for F.C. Porto. Beijing also extended their championship lead to an almost unassailable 59 points.
Report.
Qualifying.
After the random draw which split the eighteen-car field into two groups, the fastest four qualifiers from each progressed into the knockout stages to decide places 1 to 8 on the grid. Andy Soucek (Atlético Madrid) missed out on the top eight, despite setting a time some 0.052 seconds faster than Group B 4th Adrián Vallés in the Liverpool F.C. car. As fastest drivers in their groups, Antônio Pizzonia (SC Corinthians) and Davide Rigon (Beijing Guoan) were expected to meet in the final, but neither made the final. Instead, Vallés and Robert Doornbos (A.C. Milan) battled it out, with Vallés coming out on top by 0.260 seconds – the fifth different polesitter in five races.
Race 1.
Before the race even began, there was dramas - Borja García (Sevilla FC) started from pit lane and Alessandro Pier Guidi (Galatasaray S.K.) having gearbox troubles on the grid. At the start, Vallés led away from Doornbos and Rigon, with Pier Guidi passing Tuka Rocha (CR Flamengo) for fourth on the opening lap. Lap three saw the end of Enrico Toccacelo's Borussia Dortmund car with suspension failure while running towards the back. The top ten somehow stayed in order, until the pit window. Rigon pitted first followed by Rocha, Franck Perera (A.S. Roma) and Yelmer Buurman (PSV Eindhoven. Doornbos and Vallés pitted on lap 11, allowing Pier Guidi to lead for two laps before his pit stop. Pizzonia took the lead for a lap until he pitted, and after the cycle through, Rigon led from Doornbos, Pier Guidi, Vallés and Rocha. Lap 16 saw Garcia's race end with a stuck throttle. There was a somewhat crazy finish to the race, with Soucek and Perera both retiring within the last five minutes of the race with engine problems and a puncture respectively. Vallés suffered fuel pressure problems towards the end, falling five places in as many minutes as Rigon went on to claim his third victory of the season, opening up a 67-point lead over PSV. Following him home were Doornbos, Pier Guidi, Rocha, Ryan Dalziel (Rangers F.C., Pizzonia, Craig Dolby (R.S.C. Anderlecht), Tristan Gommendy (F.C. Porto), Vallés, Buurman, Duncan Tappy (Tottenham Hotspur), Max Wissel (FC Basel 1893), Stamatis Katsimis (Olympiacos CFP) and Dominick Muermans (Al Ain) – both rookies finishing a lap down.
Race 2.
Race two began with a bang – a first corner incident taking out Pizzonia, Doornbos and Rocha at Curva Cimini, causing a long safety car period. Wissel retired the Basel car during this with engine trouble. All was cleared up for the restart on lap six with Toccacelo still leading from Soucek (up from third) and García. A brave move from Soucek at Campagnano moved the Spaniard into the lead with Perera passing García for third. Lap nine saw another accident, this time between Toccacelo and Perera again at Cimini. Toccacelo defended the inside line before moving sharply to the outside where Perera already was. Soucek pitted from the lead on lap eleven, but gremlins struck causing him to pit again, before retiring with gearbox trouble on lap 21. Katsimis led for a lap before he pitted, letting Tappy lead until his pitstop on lap 15. Perera took the lead, having pitted on lap eleven. A mistake from Buurman on lap 17 allowed Gommendy into second and after Perera. García retired again, with brake failure continuing Sevilla's spiral down the championship standings. The number of runners fell into single-figures on lap 27 with another three-car accident with Katsimis, Tappy and Pier Guidi crashing at Cimini. The race wasn't decided until the final lap when Perera made a slight mistake at Curva Soratte, allowing Gommendy through to win by 1.482 seconds from Perera, with Buurman, Vallés, Rigon, Dolby, Dalziel and Muermans completing the finishers. In the championship standings, Beijing had their lead cut to 59 points, which meant that a maximum of 42 points required for championship glory.

</doc>
<doc id="20564507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564507" title="Kiyangkongrejo">
Kiyangkongrejo

Kiyangkongrejo (Kyangkong Rejo), more commonly referred to as Kiyangkong, is a village in the district of Kutoarjo, Purworejo, Central Java, Indonesia. Located less than 5 kilometers from the city of Kutoarjo.
Based on its geographical location, Kiyangkongrejo divided into three hamlets:
Kiyangkongrejo Wetan (eastern) was divided into two sub-hamlet:
Separation of the hamlet is based on the road that divides the village into three parts. Separation of the village in order to call the area becomes easier, to control all the affairs of government administrations are at the Kepala Desa (Village Head).

</doc>
<doc id="20564512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564512" title="KOOV (defunct)">
KOOV (defunct)

KOOV (103.1 FM was a popular Central Texas radio station in the late 1970s-80s and 90s. The station was licensed to Copperas Cove, Texas and broadcast at 103.1 FM from a studio in downtown Copperas Cove and a transmitter site on the north side of Copperas Cove on Hogg Mountain. In late 2000, the station was sold to Cumulus Broadcasting and the format changed from Country to R&B Urban. The call letters were changed to KSSM.
The FCC assigned 103.1 FM to Copperas Cove in the mid 1970s. Local businessman Ted Connell and radio personality Gaylon Christie were awarded the license. Christie was a local musician in Central Texas and was well known from his days at KTON-AM/FM in Belton, where he was general manager.
The station signed on the air in early November 1977 from a studio in the Cove State Bank Building on Main Street in Copperas Cove. The station initially was known at "Cove Radio" and the "only station that really cares about Copperas Cove". Within a few years, the station developed more of a regional appeal serving the Killeen/Fort Hood area. KOOV was always challenged by a poor signal in the hills of Central Texas. The station was limited to a Class A status due to other nearby stations on the same or nearby frequencies. The original power was 3,000 watts, but lowered to 980 watts as the station's antenna was raised from 300 feet to 500 feet. In the early 1990s, the station finally was upgraded to 8,000 watts with an antenna 500 feet above average terrain and developed a solid signal over the fast growing region from Lampasas on the west to Temple on the east. KOOV had to move from the Hogg Mountain transmitter site (were the second tower still stands almost 500 feet high on the north side of Copperas Cove) to a self-supporting tower on the far west side of Copperas Cove near the Lampasas/Coryell County line.
For much of its early years, KOOV was programmed with a personality-driven country music format. Sales were good and the station managed good ratings with a very high spot load. KOOV was a local full service station with news, weather, local sports, many local "remotes", and a tightly controlled playlist of country music hits of the day.
The original staff included owner/general manager Gaylon Christie as the first morning personality. He continued with the "Get Outta Bed" morning show from 1977 until 1984. Jim Jones, the station's first chief engineer was the original midday DJ. Alan Reynolds held down the afternoon drive shift. "Cousin" Chris Michaels was the first night DJ and Doug North the first overnight DJ. KOOV was always live and local 24/7.
Clint Bond was the station's first news director, he only stayed with the station a year then moved to television news. Several of the station's most important personalities joined shortly after launch in 1977. Joe Lombardi had been a popular midday DJ on KTON in Belton. He left to go to Sonora, TX. at a small AM station for a few years, then returned to Central Texas and KOOV in the winter of 1977/78. Lombardi became the newsman on Gaylon Christie's morning show, and hosted his own midday country music show. Lombardi started calling Copperas Cove Bulldog football games on KOOV in the fall of 1978 and continues to be the voice of the Dawgs to this day on Q102 in Lampasas.
In 1978, another ex-KTON DJ joined the KOOV staff, James Harrison. Harrison served as program director, operations director, and midday/afternoon DJ on KOOV throughout the 1970s and 1980s. In the early 1990s, Harrison moved across the hall to do the morning program on KOOC 106.3 Belton, which was operated by KOOV owner Centroplex Broadcasting as Mix 106. More recently, Harrison was again on KTON-AM in Belton as the morning DJ and station manager. He is currently heard by Cumulus Broadcastings KTEM-AM Temple in the afternoon news.
In July 1978, local Copperas Cove High School student, Mike Clay, joined KOOV as a weekend DJ. Clay continued with KOOV through 1986 as a midday DJ and the station's engineer. Clay also called Bulldog Football with Joe Lombardi for many years. He left KOOV in 1986 to become the weekday weathercaster on KCEN-TV Channel 6 in Temple. However, Clay continued to provide weather reports on KOOV through 2000. Clay is currently Chief Meteorologist for Bay News 9 in Tampa Bay.
Other early KOOV Personalities: Mike Mayfield (currently a firefighter/EMT in Copperas Cove), Jack O'Brian (night DJ, former KTON), Becky Collins (overnight DJ), Chuck Kelly (former KTON Program Director, become news director at KOOV and served almost 20 years until 2000, retired in Lometa, TX.), Gary Pearcy (news and sports), Callene Ramfield (PM then AM news, went on to many other stations in the market, and is currently in the Dallas/Fort Worth market), Yvonne Ankarberg (news), Bill West (1980-1982) hosted the weekend Dedication Night Program, now retired, Don Fife (overnights for many years in the 1980s), Billy Ray (middays and afternoon drive), Uncle Ben Bradshaw (middays and afternoon drive), Mike Young (news and sports), Chris Erickson (early '90s evenings) and Dave "In The Cave" Macrae (The Nightclub 1997-2000). 
KOOV continued to be a highly rated local station throughout the 1990s but began to see a decline in the late 90s. Waco country station WACO-FM 99.9 was upgraded to high power and moved its tower to Moody, TX. WACO began to greatly cut into KOOV's ratings by the end of the 90s.
Cumulus purchased KOOV and KOOC in 2000 and most of the staff was released. New programmers were brought in and the station was switched to KSSM (Kiss 103) which has become a successful R&B station, still located in the KOOV building in downtown Copperas Cove. The era of locally programmed country music radio came to an end with years of great memories for residents of Copperas Cove, Killeen, Lampasas, and Fort Hood.

</doc>
<doc id="20564558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564558" title="Émile François Ouchard">
Émile François Ouchard

Émile François Ouchard (1872 - 1951) was a bow maker for stringed instruments / Archetier from Mirecourt, Vosges, France. Ouchard was also known as "Ouchard Père". 
Biography.
Émile François Ouchard began his apprenticeship in 1886 at the workshop of Eugène Cuniot-Hury in Mirecourt. Following the death of Cuniot-Hury in 1910, Ouchard stayed with Cuniot's widow to assist her in the running of the workshop, and so came to inherit the Cuniot-Hury business.
In 1923, he opened his own workshop at 1, rue Canon in Mirecourt. By then Emile Ouchard had become a prolific bow maker, and prior to opening his own workshop had worked for Joseph Aubry, Paul Bish & Olivier, Georges Coné, Charles Enel, Jean Lavest and Cuniot-Hury
Emile François Ouchard died in his hometown of Mirecourt in 1951. Emile Ouchard used only one stamp during his career: « Emile Ouchard ». He was succeeded by his son and pupil, Émile Auguste Ouchard (1900 - 1969). E. F. Ouchard's daughter, Margueritte Ouchard, married François Lotte.

</doc>
<doc id="20564578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564578" title="Martyn Crook">
Martyn Crook

Martyn Crook (born 16 November 1956, died 5 December 2008, in Lancaster, California) was a British-born Australian soccer coach and former representative player.
Biography.
Martyn Crook was born in Hampton Court, Middlesex, England, the second son of Arthur (b 1920) and Elsie (1931- 2013) Crook. Arthur is a former top amateur player for Walton and Hersham FC and Kingstonian FC. The family lived in Shepperton, Middlesex, and migrated to Australia in 1964 settling in Adelaide.
Playing career.
As a goalkeeper, he played for Para Hills SC from 1965 until he departed for Adelaide Hellas ten years later, playing in league and cup winning sides throughout his time there. He was a member of the Senior team from 1972. During his time at the club, he represented South Australia at the Under 14’s and Under 16’s level, winning the National Championship in 1972, as well as the Far North Zone from the Under 12 level. He was also a member of the Para Hills Primary School team which won the Referees’ Cup in 1967.
He was a member of the SA League and Ampol Cup winning side at Adelaide Hellas in 1976, before playing for West Adelaide SC when the National Soccer league commenced in 1977. In 1978 West Adelaide won the Phillips League National championship and Martyn played with the club 192 times before returning to play at Para Hills in 1987.
Martyn represented the Australian national team fourteen times at the national level, and was a member of the Merlion Cup winning side in 1982 which beat South Korea in the final. He also represented South Australia eight times at a senior level.
Coaching career.
In 1990, following his retirement due to a back injury, he became Assistant Coach at Para Hills SC, becoming Head Coach for the 1991 and 1992 seasons. He then moved to coach Polonia (now Croydon) for the 1993 season. In 1992 and 1993 he was the South Australian State Coach as well.
In 1994 he became the Head Coach of the South Australian Sports Institute National Training Centre, in 1999 becoming the Technical Director, a position which he held until his death. He was responsible for 31 Youth International & 17 AIS Scholarships passing through SASI NTC during his tenure.
At a national level, he was the Technical Assistant for the Australia national under-17 football team (known as the 'Joeys') World Cup team in 1999, Olympic Team Goalkeeper Coach in 2000, and then became Assistant Coach for the Under 17’s from 2000 until 2005 in three separate campaigns in Trinidad, Finland and Peru. In 2007 he was appointed as the Head Coach for the Joeys.
In 2006, Martyn was inducted into the FFSA Hall of Fame in the Roll of Honour as a member for Distinguished Contribution. In 2010 he was posthumously inducted into the Football Federation Australia’s Hall of Fame.
He died of a suspected heart attack just before the team was scheduled to play the USA Under-17 in an international junior tournament. He was 52.
The Martyn Crook Foundation.
In 2009, Martyn's family established The Martyn Crook Foundation (MCF) (www.tmcf.org.au)to assist in the advancement of Association Football in Australia and to encourage young football players and coaches with ambition to realise their full potential regardless of their race, gender or financial standing, at all levels of the game. A partnership has been established with Adelaide United FC that supports the development of outstanding talent in young Australian players, with a grassroots program to assist at all other levels.
The Foundation relies on the support of individuals and organizations, both private and public, to continue its work. Through its Board of Trustees, the Foundation supports such activities as it believes to be in tune with the Foundation’s objectives.

</doc>
<doc id="20564599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564599" title="Vladimiras Beresniovas">
Vladimiras Beresniovas

Vladimiras Beresniovas known under his pen name VLABER (born December 13, 1948 in Boronky, Mogilev Region, Belarus SSR, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian artist, humorist, poet, and cartoonist. Vlaber has been an active participant in the Lithuanian and world artistic communities for over 40 years. In the last 10 years, he has illustrated over 100 books, published weekly cartoons in the local news papers, and been named to Who's Who in Lithuania in 2008.
Beresniovas lost his parents at a young age and at the age of 13, he found himself completely orphaned when his only remaining relative, his grandmother, died. He moved around the USSR until he finally settled in Kaunas, Lithuania. Beresniovas learned the Lithuanian language fluently, and graduated from the Kaunas College of Art. He then submitted some of his early drawings to a local newspaper and they were published immediately.

</doc>
<doc id="20564615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564615" title="Émile Auguste Ouchard">
Émile Auguste Ouchard

Émile Auguste Ouchard (b. 1900-d. 1969) was a French bow maker of repute and son and pupil of Émile François Ouchard. Honors & awards include the Grand Prix of the 1942 International Paris Exhibition.
Biography.
He was born in 1900 in Mirecourt (Vosges). After his apprenticship E.A. Ouchard worked for a few years with his father at rue Canon in Mirecourt. Later worked in Paris and the United States, returning to France in the mid 1950s. 
To be more exact, in 1940 A. OUCHARD started his own workshop at rue de Rome in Paris before leaving for the United States in 1946.
He first joined RUDIE in New York and then LEWIS & Sons in Chicago. His bows are similar to those of the Voirin-Lamy school. 
A master craftsman and artist who made bows with perfect symmetry and with the perfect balance of suppleness and resistance for effortless staccato and cantabile sound. He died in Gan in 1969.
Collaborators & successors include Bernard Ouchard (b. 1925) (son) and Jean Claude Ouchard (b. 1935) (son).
Awards.
Honors & awards include Grand Prix at the 1942 International Paris Exhibition. 
Stamps include : 
Emile OUCHARD» (first period)
«E.A. OUCHARD FILS» 
«E.A. OUCHARD PARIS» 
«E.A. OUCHARD» 
Quotes.
"His son, Bernard, ( b.1925 ) became his pupil, and worked with Vidoudez in Geneva before being appointed professor of bow making at the Mirecourt school in 1971, giving rise to the New French School which has produced such luminaries as Benoit Rolland, Jean-Francois Raffin and Stephane Thomachot. Most notable of the younger generation include Edwin Clement, Sylvain Bigot, Gilles Nehr and Yannick LeCanu." - Gennady Filimonov 
"As playing tools, bows by Emile A. Ouchard are similar to those by Sartory in that they are designed to accommodate the player’s need for weight and strength in a bow. Some in the trade have maintained that bows by E.A. Ouchard are often actually superior in craftsmanship to those by Sartory. There is merit to this argument, but in general Ouchard bows go further in the direction of strength and weight than Sartory bows, and they require even more cushioning intervention to produce the optimal tone quality." - Stefan Hersh

</doc>
<doc id="20564636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564636" title="Songs from the Sparkle Lounge Tour">
Songs from the Sparkle Lounge Tour

The Songs From The Sparkle Lounge World Tour was a world tour by British Rock band Def Leppard in support of their latest album, Songs From The Sparkle Lounge. It marks the first time the band had traveled to Japan since 2002's X Tour. Styx and REO Speedwagon were the opening acts of the tour; however, some shows had Joan Jett, Billy Idol and Children Of Bodom instead of Styx and REO Speedwagon. In February 2009, the 2009 leg of the tour was announced with Poison and Cheap Trick as the opening acts.
Set list.
Set from 8/1/08 Nashville show.
Def Leppard/Poison/Cheap Trick 2009 Tour.
Set list from 22 August 2009 show.
Encore: 

</doc>
<doc id="20564637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564637" title="Trauermusik">
Trauermusik

Trauermusik is a suite for viola and string orchestra, written on 21 January 1936 by Paul Hindemith at very short notice in memory of King George V of the United Kingdom, who died the previous night. The title means "Mourning Music" or "Funeral Music" in English, but the work is always known by its German title.
Background.
On 19 January 1936, Paul Hindemith travelled to London, intending to play his viola concerto "Der Schwanendreher", with Adrian Boult and the BBC Symphony Orchestra in Queen's Hall, on 22 January. This was to be the British premiere of the work.
However, just before midnight on 20 January, King George V died. The concert was cancelled, but Boult and the BBC music producer Edward Clark still wanted Hindemith's involvement in any music that was broadcast in its place. They debated for hours what might be a suitable piece, but nothing could be found, so it was decided that Hindemith should write something new. The following day, from 11 am to 5 pm, Hindemith sat in an office made available to him by the BBC and wrote "Trauermusik" in homage to the late king. It was written for viola and string orchestra ("Der Schwanendreher" employs a larger complement that includes woodwinds). "Trauermusik" was performed that evening in a live broadcast from a BBC radio studio, with Boult conducting and the composer as soloist.
The music.
"Trauermusik" consists of four very short movements. The first movement is marked "Langsam". The second movement ("Ruhig bewegt") is less than a minute in length and the third is only slightly longer. The last movement is the heart of the work and in it, Hindemith quotes the chorale "Vor deinen Thron Tret ich hiermit" ("Here I stand before Thy throne"), well known in Germany via the harmonisation by Johann Sebastian Bach. Hindemith was unaware at the time, but the tune was very familiar in England as the "Old 100th", to the words "All creatures that on Earth do dwell". 
The piece also contains quotations from "" and "Der Schwanendreher". "Trauermusik" immediately entered the repertoire of violists, as well as cellists and even violinists. 
The Swiss philanthropist and music patron Werner Reinhart, to whom Hindemith had dedicated his Clarinet Quintet in 1923, later told Gertrud Hindemith "there was something Mozartian" about her husband’s writing "Trauermusik" in half a day, and premiering it the same day. "I know no one else today who could do that", he said.

</doc>
<doc id="20564653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564653" title="Axure RP">
Axure RP

Axure RP Pro is a wireframing, rapid prototyping, and specification software tool aimed at web and desktop applications. It offers capabilities typically found in diagramming tools like drag and drop placement, resizing, and formatting of widgets. In addition, it has features for annotating widgets and defining interactions such as linking, conditional linking, simulating tab controls, show/hide element etc. There is support for medium-fidelity simulation of Rich Internet Applications. Axure RP can then generate HTML prototypes and Microsoft Word specifications from the diagrams.
The Axure RP Pro application window is divided into 6 main areas:
Widgets available include:
Other widgets can be simulated by combining existing widgets and assigning specific actions to events such as OnClick, OnMouseOver and OnMouseOut. For example, dynamic panels can have a number of states, each state being activated by clicking on an element such as a tab button, list-box item, or action button. For tabs, this allows constructing a tab control.

</doc>
<doc id="20564710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564710" title="Vermont Route 44">
Vermont Route 44

Vermont Route 44 (VT 44) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Vermont. The state highway runs from VT 106 in Reading east to U.S. Route 5 (US 5) and VT 12 in Windsor. VT 44 passes through West Windsor in southern Windsor County, serving the area north of Mount Ascutney. The state highway is maintained by the town of Windsor east of the highway's junction with VT 44A.
Route description.
VT 44 begins at an intersection with VT 106 north of the hamlet of Felchville in the southeastern part of the town of Reading. The state highway parallels Mill Brook east into the town of West Windsor. After passing through the village of Brownsville, VT 44 passes the entrance to Ascutney Mountain Resort. The state highway enters the town of Windsor, where it passes along the northern edge of Mount Ascutney and provides access to the Brownsville hiking trail to the top of the mountain. East of its oblique junction with VT 44A (Back Mountain Road), VT 44 descends to Mill Brook, which the highway crosses just before passing under Interstate 91 with no access. The state highway curves north with Mill Brook as Ascutney Street, which the highway follows into the town center of Windsor. VT 44 passes Mill Pond before curving east onto Union Street. The state highway crosses Mill Brook twice more in the downtown area before reaching its eastern terminus at US 5 and VT 12 (Main Street) just north of the historic Robbins and Lawrence Armory and Machine Shop, home of the American Precision Museum. The roadway continues east as Bridge Street, which leads to the Cornish-Windsor Covered Bridge across the Connecticut River and into the state of New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20564714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564714" title="Allie Gorenc">
Allie Gorenc

Allie Gorenc is an American actress. She played Sage Snyder on the American soap opera "As the World Turns" She debuted on December 7, 2006. She also is into local theater close to her home in New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20564725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564725" title="Maureen Green">
Maureen Green

Maureen Green (born June 6, 1957) was a prominent news anchor on WTVH-TV Syracuse from 1982 until 2007. For most of her career she was teamed with Broadcast legend Ron Curtis and the team sat atop the ratings throughout the 1980s and 1990's. Their daily noon news regularly garnered a "50 share", a rare achievement meaning that at any given time, half of the television sets in the Central Region of New York were watching "Ron and Mo". The only Syracuse anchor with a Master's Degree at the time, Maureen was known for her smarts and her "girl next door" personality. Long time staffers credited Maureen with bringing out the warmth in Ron Curtis, with a powerful chemistry that viewers seemed to enjoy. 
Maureen has four children and the audience followed each of her pregnancies, flooding the television station with letters and gifts, many of which were handmade. Once per year Maureen brought her children on camera during the lively New York State Fair remote broadcasts. 
Throughout her career Green earned awards for her reporting, as well as more light-hearted accomplishments such as "Best Hair". She is included on the Syracuse University Newhouse School of Public Communication's Wall of Distinction, holds a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Syracuse Press Club, and several other media distinctions. 
From 1995 until 2007 WTVH went through a series of ownership changes and the television station began to feel the strain of a series of new managers. In December 2007, with WTVH newly emerged from bankruptcy protection and in the hands of a hedge fund, Green's position was "eliminated". The end of her tenure with WTVH coincided with the beginning of the Great Recession and the beginning of the end of WTVH. At the time General Manager Les Vann said he was "hopeful" about the future of his newsroom due to a nearly $1 million investment in new equipment. 
The optimism was short-lived. With ratings in a free fall, Vann resigned three months later. By March of 2009 WTVH dismissed most of its staff, placed the facility on the market for sale and entered into a "shared services agreement" with rival WSTM-TV which currently provides the physical plant and staffing to produce WTVH newscasts. Green became a Guest Columnist and Contributing Writer for the Syracuse Post-Standard newspaper before relocating to Massachusetts. 
Today Green sells residential real estate with Kinlin Grover Real Estate on Cape Cod and has a lifestyle and real estate website and blog. Green remains active in social media and volunteers her time to various causes. 
External links.
http://maureengreen.mykinlingroveragent.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20564727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564727" title="Giant Forest Village-Camp Kaweah Historic District">
Giant Forest Village-Camp Kaweah Historic District

The Giant Forest Village-Camp Kaweah Historic District is located in Sequoia National Park. It is notable as one of two registered historic districts in the park that were largely demolished as part of National Park Service efforts to mitigate the impact of park visitor facilities on the park's giant sequoia groves. They were in a vernacular National Park Service Rustic and American Craftsman Bungalow style.
Established in 1926 as a satellite facility for the main Giant Forest Lodge development, Camp Kaweah and Giant Forest Village provided lodging, concessions and camping for visitors to the Giant Forest grove. The construction of the Generals Highway gave impetus to new accommodations in the area. By 2001 the housekeeping camp facilities had been removed and the area converted to a day-use are.
Camp Kaweah.
Camp Kaweah came first, starting as a frame tent camp in 1926. Permanent construction began that year. The permanent camp opened in 1927. The camp included 41 wood frame cabins and an office in an area composed mostly of firs and pines, with a single giant sequoia. The cabins were built between 1926 and 1940 with low shingled roofs. Most cabins had outdoor cooking porches covered with canvas flies. One cabin became an employee residence. The office was built in 1926 and enlarged in 1938. The L-shaped structure is divided into office space and a by hall-like space with exposed timber roof framing. The log frame is exposed on the exterior. The by office wing features a sitting porch. The cabins were laid out according to a plan developed by Park Service landscape architect Merel S. Sager. The lower portion of Camp Kaweah was built beginning in 1935 with more cabins, bringing the total count to about 140 units. It was not included in the historic district, nor is the eastern portion of the upper Kaweah area.
Giant Forest Village.
Giant Forest Village was developed as a concession and service area. Temporary buildings were moved to the site in 1926. Park Service landscape engineer Daniel Ray Hull established the site, and collaborated with architect Gilbert Stanley Underwood to have Underwood's firm design the Giant Forest Market in 1928. Underwood designed the Eddy Photographic Studio in 1929. A ranger residence was designed in 1931 by Sager, and a comfort station was added in 1932. All were designed in a compatible rustic style, though Underwood's market building used squared timbers to economize. The Market building measures about by with gabled extensions on the ends that from the front imply an I-shaped plan. The front has a large band of windows and four pairs of doors. The comfort station matches the store. Other buildings, now vanished, included a gas station, a gift hsop, apost office and other buildings.
Change in use.
As a consequence of the decision to remove the Giant Forest Lodge development, itself a National Register district, the Camp Kaweah location was chosen to serve as a day-use-only visitor orientation facility. The Giant Forest Market, designed by Underwood, was rebuilt as the new Giant Forest Museum in 2001. The surrounding parking lots were built on the site of upper and lower Camp Kaweah, which were demolished. The comfort station and ranger residence remainA bus shuttle now connects the museum with the Giant Forest.
The visitor accommodations were replaced by Wuksachi Village, about five miles to the north and well away from the sequoia grove.

</doc>
<doc id="20564760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20564760" title="Miracle of the roses">
Miracle of the roses

The miracle of the roses is a Catholic miracle in which roses announce the presence or activity of God ("see below:" The legend). Such a miracle is presented in various hagiographies and legends in different forms, and it occurs in connection with diverse individuals such as St. Elisabeth of Hungary (1207–1231), St. Elizabeth of Portugal (1271–1336), and Our Lady of Guadalupe (appeared in 1531).
Symbolism of The Rose.
In the Latin West the symbolism of the rose is a Greco-Roman heritage but influenced and finally transformed through Latin biblical texts which were also liturgical. The rose acquired in the Greco-Roman culture a symbolism which can be summarized thus: The rose represented beauty, the season of spring, and love. It also spoke of the fleetness of life and therefore death. In Rome the feast called "Rosalia" was a feast of the dead: thus the flower referred to the next world.
This symbolism attained a deeper complexity when contrasted with the thorns among which this flower blossoms. This contrast inspired the Christian Latin poet Sedulius, who wrote (between 430-450) a very elaborate comparison between Eve, our first mother, and Mary, the Mother of Jesus our Savior. He illustrated the parallelism already made by the martyr and apologist Justin (around 150) and developed it in a deep poetic and doctrinal liturgical teaching in his Paschal song, "Carmen paschal".
The rose was evidently a privileged symbol for Mary, Queen of heaven and earth. We see this development later during the Middle Ages, but not in an exclusive manner: The rose became an attribute of many other holy women - for example, Casilda of Toledo, Elizabeth of Portugal, Elizabeth of Hungary, Rose of Lima, and for the martyrs in general. The rose is even a symbol for Christ himself, as seen in the German Christmas song, "es ist ein 'Rose' entsprungen."
During the Middle Ages the rose was cultivated in monastery gardens and used for medicinal purposes. It became a symbol in religious writing and iconography in different images and settings, to invoke a variety of intellectual and emotional responses. The mystic rose appears in Dante's Divine Comedy, where it represents God's love. By the twelfth century, the red rose had come to represent Christ's passion, and the blood of the martyrs. 
The most common association of the rose is with the Virgin Mary. The third-century Saint Ambrose believed that there were roses in the Garden of Eden, initially without thorns, but which became thorny after the fall, and came to symbolize Original Sin itself. Thus the Blessed Virgin is often referred to as the 'rose without thorns', since she was immaculately conceived. Saint Bernard compared her virginity to a white rose and her charity to a red rose. With the rise of Marian devotion and the Gothic cathedral in the twelfth century, the image of the rose became even more prominent in religious life. Cathedrals built around this time usually include a rose window, dedicated to the Virgin, at the end of a transept or above the entrance. The thirteenth century Saint Dominic is credited with the institution of the Rosary, a series of prayers to the Virgin,
symbolized by garlands of roses worn in Heaven.
St. Elisabeth of Hungary.
In Western Europe, the best-known version of a miracle of the roses concerns St. Elisabeth of Hungary (better known in Western Europe as St. Elisabeth of Thuringia), the daughter of King Andrew II of Hungary, who spent most of her life living with her in-laws in Germany, the rulers of Thuringia, who kept court at Wartburg Castle.
Origins.
It has been suggested that the legend originated in a sermon given by Caesarius von Heisterbach in which he reflects on the occasion of the translation of the remains of St. Elisabeth, in 1236. Caesarius speaks of a sweet aroma that emanates from the grave as soon as it is opened (a common theme in hagiography). This metaphorical or actual aroma could have been translated into a physical event, the miracle of the roses.
The first report of a miracle resembling that of the roses is by Franciscans in the mid-13th century. Their account is of spring flowers, and the event takes place in Hungary, at Elisabeth's home when she was five years old. The miracle as we know it, with roses and in Germany, is first reported in 1332, in a Franciscan book of prayers, though it has also been proposed that the miracle was "translated" from St. Elisabeth of Portugal to St. Elisabeth of Thuringia in the nineteenth century.
The legend.
In its most characteristic form the legend goes as follows. One day the young but pious St. Elisabeth, in the company of one or more serving women, descends from Wartburg Castle down to the village of Eisenach, below the castle. She is carrying meat, eggs, and bread under her mantle. Supposedly she has taken items from the family dining table to distribute to the poor in the village, against the wishes of her family, who frown upon such behavior. Halfway down, she unexpectedly meets her husband Ludwig IV of Thuringia, who asks, upon seeing her bulk, what she is carrying. Embarrassed and speechless as she is, she does not know what to say. Ludwig opens her mantle, and to his surprise (in some versions this takes place in the dead of winter) finds her carrying a bouquet of roses.
Similar versions.
St. Elisabeth of Portugal.
Very much the same story is told of St. Elisabeth of Portugal, also known as Elizabeth of Aragon (1271–4 July 1336), who was the great-niece of St. Elisabeth of Thuringia. Married to the profligate King Denis of Portugal, she, like her great-aunt, showed great devotion at an early age, and likewise was charitable toward the poor, against the wishes of her husband. Caught one day by her husband, while carrying bread in her apron, the food was turned into roses. Since this occurred in January, King Denis reportedly had no response and let his wife continue. The story is somewhat apocryphal; while it shows up in popular versions of the saint's life, the account is missing from more authoritative sources such as the revised 1991 edition of Alban Butler's "Lives of the Saints".
St. Casilda of Toledo.
Similar also is the legend of St. Casilda of Toledo (died c. 1050), a daughter of a Muslim king of Toledo, Spain during the rule of the Caliphate, who showed special kindness to Christian prisoners. She would carry bread hidden in her clothes to feed these prisoners; one day, when caught, the bread was miraculously changed into roses. In the famous painting of St. Casilda by the 17th-century painter Francisco Zurbarán, roses are visible in the saint's lap; the miracle is also depicted in a painting by the 19th-century painter Jose Nogales. But while St. Casilda supposedly died in the eleventh century, predating the birth of both Elisabeth of Hungary and Elisabeth of Portugal, her hagiography was not written until three centuries after her death, and is likely influenced by the legend of either of these Elisabeths.
St. Didacus of Alcalá.
Of the 15th-century Franciscan St. Didacus of Alcalá, also known as San Diego, the same miracle is told: as a lay brother of the Franciscans in Spain, he often took bread from the monastery's dining table to give to the poor. One day, leaving the convent with a cloak full of food, he was accused and challenged to open his cloak; miraculously, the loaves of bread had changed into roses.
Our Lady of Guadalupe.
The story of Our Lady of Guadalupe is of an entirely different character, although here again the miraculous presence of the roses in the middle of winter is a sign of the presence of the divinity. The account is a corollary to a Marian apparition, Our Lady of Guadalupe, found in the 1556 booklet Nican Mopohua, and supposedly taking place in 1531. It concerns a native inhabitant of Mexico named Juan Diego, whom the Virgin chooses to convey a message to an unwilling bishop, that "Here I will hear their weeping, their sorrow and will remedy and alleviate all their multiple sufferings, necessities and misfortunes." The bishop however, does not believe Diego's story. He returns to his field, where again the Virgin appears to him, with the same message. Diego again goes to the bishop, with the same result, and the remark that he has to bring a token if he is to be believed. The fourth time the Virgin appears, she directs Diego toward "varied Castilian flowers" which he picks; she then places the flowers in his mantle. (The identification of these flowers as Castilian roses is a later addition.) This time the bishop is convinced, especially when an image of the Virgin miraculously appears on Diego's cloak.
St. Rita of Cascia.
A miracle involving roses occurred to St. Rita of Cascia. The winter before the end of her life, a cousin visited St. Rita of Cascia and asked her if she desired anything from her old home at Roccaporena. St. Rita responded by asking for a rose and a fig from the garden. It was January and her cousin did not expect to find anything due to the snowy weather. However, when her relative went to the house, a single blooming rose was found in the garden, as well as a fully ripened and edible fig. Her cousin brought the rose and fig back to St. Rita at the convent, who thanked her and gave the rose to her sisters.
The rose is thought to represent God's love for Rita and Rita's ability to intercede on behalf of lost causes or impossible cases. Rita is often depicted holding roses or with roses nearby, and on her feast day, churches and shrines of St. Rita provide roses to the congregation that are blessed by priests during Holy Mass.
Statement of the Pope John Paul II.
In occasion of the centenary of the canonization of St. Rita of Cascia, Pope John Paul II mentioned this miracle in his address to the pilgrims, stating that the worldwide devotion to St. Rita is symbolized by the rose, and that it is to be hoped that the life of her devoted pilgrims will be like that rose picked in the garden of Roccaporena before her death. The Pope added that St. Rita spiritually offers her rose to each of her pilgrims as an exhortation to be witnesses to a hope that never disappoints.

</doc>
