<doc id="20726251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726251" title="1911–16 Australian drought">
1911–16 Australian drought

The 1911–1916 Australian drought consisted of a series of droughts that affected various regions of Australia between the years of 1911 and 1916. Most of the dry spells during this period can be related to three El Niño events in 1911, 1913 and 1914, though rainfall deficiencies actually began in northern Australia before the first of these El Niños set in and did not ease in coastal districts of New South Wales until well after the last El Niño had firmly dissipated and trends toward very heavy rainfall developed in other areas of the continent.
The years before the drought had generally been had satisfactory rainfall and impressive crop yields throughout most of the continent except Gippsland, coastal districts of New South Wales and southeastern Queensland where the rainfall deficiencies of the Federation Drought had never disappeared at any point during the decade of the 1900s.
1911.
At the beginning of the year, a strong La Niña event was producing heavy rain over eastern Australia. January was the wettest on record in Sydney, and February was a phenomenally wet month in Victoria and southwestern New South Wales, with places like Pooncarie on the lower Darling River recording for the month. Averaged over Victoria, February 1911 stands as the third-wettest month since 1885 after October 1975 and February 1973. Heavy monsoonal rain drenched Queensland throughout the summer. These months, however, were virtually rainless in the southwestern quarter of the continent and quite dry in the Kimberley and Top End.
Early March saw exceptionally heavy rains in southern Victoria and eastern Tasmania: Melbourne's rainfall of remains a March record. However, in the Top End and Kimberley, drought was already established as Darwin had its "driest" March in 138 years of record with only as against an average of . April saw some good late wet season rains in the north due to a severe tropical cyclone drenching Port Douglas with a daily fall of and promising rains in southwestern Australia.
However, despite the "big wet" continuing in southern Victoria through May and June, southwestern Australia and to lesser extent the settled parts of South Australia and southeast Queensland began to have major rainfall deficiencies in those months. By August dry conditions were, as is usual for El Niño years, general except in coastal districts of New South Wales and the southeast of Western Australia. Southwestern Australia was particularly hard-hit: wheat crops failed completely in many places and led to a revolution in water supply and farming techniques to cope with rainfalls lower than previously known. In the humid forest belt, 1911 was the driest year of the twentieth century at Margaret River and Cape Leeuwin and even the Warren River, the most nearly perennial river in all of WA, ceased to flow during the ensuing summer.
Apart from one big September fall in Victoria dry and often hot conditions did not ease until one of the heaviest downpours ever known in Western Queensland late in November was followed by heavy general falls in December except in Queensland and northeastern New South Wales. November was the driest on record in many parts of western Victoria and eastern Queensland.
1912.
The hopes the good December rains gave soon disappeared as January was exceptionally dry almost throughout the continent except for a few normally-dry areas between Perth and Geraldton. Major tropical cyclones provided respite to the Kimberley in February and the Eucla in March, whilst a small coastal belt of the Wet Tropics had exceptionally heavy rainfall in April and May, with Innisfail recording for those two months.
However, elsewhere exceptionally dry conditions continued until a series of low pressure systems in June and July provided record-breaking rainfalls for that time of year in inland Queensland and New South Wales. Indeed, the winter averaged over those two states was nearly as wet as those of 1950 and 1998. The wheat areas of Western Australia, South Australia and Victoria missed the heavy June falls completely but were very wet in July and the Western District of Victoria was relieved of anxiety by exceptionally heavy rainfall in the first eighteen days of September. Despite a dry October outside of southeastern Queensland rainfall for the rest of the year was generally satisfactory throughout southern Australia, though the wet season did not start well in the north.
1913.
This year opened with some heavy monsoonal rains over the more coastal areas of Queensland and the Northern Territory in January; however, the month was very dry in the southeast apart from southern Tasmania. February was dry west of a line from Derby to Eucla and east from one between Melbourne and Bundaberg, but elsewhere some exceptionally heavy thunderstorm rains meant the month was a wet one. Adelaide received a particularly intense fall of on the 17th, with the worst flash flooding in the city's history. Apart from the North Coast of New South Wales, March was particularly wet, so much so that major flooding occurred in most rivers between Melbourne and Sydney. In Melbourne, the total of 23 rainy days is a record for any month between November and April and the low sunshine hours of only four per day also unparalleled.
The period around 12 April saw an extremely heavy if localised rainfall in the Albany district with totals of up to in a day near the Stirling Range and near Katanning. April was also very wet in the southern coastal districts of New South Wales, but May and June saw an unseasonal continuation of easterly winds. Thus, Tasmania, southwestern WA and the settled areas of South Australia were very dry, whilst most of New South Wales, Queensland and East Gippsland were wet. Apart from scattered coastal areas and the extreme southwest, July was exceptionally dry: Ouyen did not receive any rain in June or July and Adelaide's rainfall for the period of only was less than in the disastrous year of 1982. Frosts were exceptionally severe and led to fears of crop losses.
The following three months saw an abrupt reversal, with dry conditions in Queensland and most of New South Wales contrasting with good rains in the Mallee, South Australia and southwestern WA. August was particularly noteworthy as the most completely rainless month known in Queensland and New South Wales. The rain turned an unpromising wheat season into one of the best on record despite a violent cold outbreak in the east early in November when Melbourne recorded its lowest-ever maximum for that month on Melbourne Cup Day of just . December saw very wet conditions in Queensland, with record flows in some Cape York Peninsula streams; but, apart from one rain event mid-month with another record daily total in Adelaide, dry weather prevailed elsewhere.
1914.
January was very wet in the Top End, Kimberley and central Australia, but distinctly dry in the south of the continent, leading onto a major heatwave with exceptionally dry conditions in the far southeast during February, when Orbost received no rain and Hobart only . Torrential rains around Eden and Bega in March and wet conditions in southeastern Australia (especially Tasmania) in April were followed by a second heavy fall in a belt from Broome to the Darling Downs in May. The area around Uluru saw some of the heaviest rainfalls known until the 1970s that month.
However, in the southern wheat belt May 1914 began a trend of powerful anticyclones and dry, easterly winds that was at the time quite unprecedented and not rivalled until 1982. In southwestern Australia the rainy season was extraordinarily poor from beginning to end, with only one significant fall all through from May to October and severe frosts prevalent throughout. June, August, September and October were all record dry months in Victoria and Tasmania, and even unusually heavy July rainfall in Gippsland could do nothing to alleviate the drought. The result was, that with the northerly areas around the Darling Downs not well developed yet, Australia's wheat crop was almost completely lost after an exceptionally hot October in which temperatures reached over even in Hobart. Wheat yields in Victoria were only around 0.10 tonne per hectare and in WA even lower.
In coastal districts of New South Wales, however, the extraordinarily powerful anticyclones that desiccated the interior produced powerful onshore winds and extremely heavy rain: in Port Macquarie, the spring was the wettest on record. November and December were notably hot and humid, with rainfall near or above normal except in Tasmania and coastal Queensland during November. The southeast of Western Australia was particularly wet during these months, but in the desiccated agricultural regions the rain was much too late to save crops or pastures.
1915.
The heavy rainfall of November and December in Western Australia continued throughout the first two months of 1915, culminating in quite unseasonable downpours over the southwest at the end of February and beginning of March. During this period Perth had a spell of ten successive rainy days – more than it normally has in February and March combined. El Niño, however, remained powerful and eastern Australia was almost uniformly dry throughout the first three months of 1915 except for East Gippsland in January and Tasmania in March. Brisbane's March 1915 rainfall of is its lowest ever and only 2 percent of its long-term March mean, whilst even normally-soaked Cairns received only . April was equally dry in Queensland and the Northern Territory and only Tasmania and an area near Onslow was even remotely above average across the whole continent.
In May, however, a trend of wet weather established itself across western Victoria, South Australia and southern Western Australia and continued right through to September. This wetness was backed up by the mildest winter across the southeast until global warming began in 1980. Crops that barely grew in 1914 grew with extraordinary vigour, and flooding even occurred in the Wimmera, around Adelaide and more severely in the Blackwood River of Western Australia. Although September saw unseasonable rain as far north as Mount Isa, the drought did not ease in Queensland, coastal New South Wales or Gippsland. Strong westerly winds and tinder-dry forests in August led to major bushfires breaking out in the North Coast of New South Wales and southeastern Queensland. Although occasional rain put many fires out in August and September, the dryness in these regions intensified greatly still in October and November due to extremely powerful westerly weather that saw New South Wales record its driest month of the twentieth century (statewide average rainfall ). Despite patchy rain in December 1915 was still the driest calendar year on record in most of the North Coast of New South Wales and the Atherton Tableland of Queensland. Notable low falls include:
The year was, however, very wet in almost all of Western Australia, and also in western Tasmania and an area around Darwin, where December saw an extremely active monsoon with flooding.
1916.
This year opened with heavy rain in Tasmania, southern Victoria and western Queensland, but the drought areas on the east coast did not gain relief until April. May, however was very dry except in a few coastal parts of New South Wales. This time, however, a powerful La Niña developed and produced starting in June exceptionally heavy rain across almost all inland areas of the continent. Adelaide set a record monthly rainfall of in June and there was major flooding of the whole city, whilst in July record rainfalls occurred throughout southwestern Queensland.
Still, it was not until nearly continent-wide heavy rains and flooding from late September to mid-December that the drought disappeared fully from the eastern coastal areas, especially Gippsland.

</doc>
<doc id="20726262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726262" title="List of Sons of Anarchy episodes">
List of Sons of Anarchy episodes

"Sons of Anarchy", a television drama series created by Kurt Sutter, premiered on September 3, 2008 on the cable network FX in the United States. The show's first season concluded on November 26, 2008. The second season premiered on September 8, 2009. The third season premiered on September 7, 2010. Each season encompasses 13 episodes; the episodes have been between 38 and 61 minutes in length, but are mostly around 45 minutes long. "Sons of Anarchy" tells the story of an outlaw motorcycle club based in the fictional small town of Charming, California. The show follows protagonist Jackson "Jax" Teller (Charlie Hunnam), son of the deceased founding president John Teller, who begins questioning the club and the direction in which they should be heading.
, 79 episodes of "Sons of Anarchy" have aired, concluding the sixth season.
Episode list.
Season 7 (2014).
"Sons of Anarchy" is expected to return for a seventh and final season in fall 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20726285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726285" title="Clive McCay">
Clive McCay

Clive Maine, McCay (1898–1967) was an American biochemist, nutritionist, gerontologist, and professor of Animal Husbandry at Cornell University from 1927-1963. His main interest was the influence of nutrition on aging. He is best known for his work in proving that caloric restriction increases the life span of rats, which is seen as seminal in triggering further research and experiments in the field of nutrition and longevity. As of 2011 scientists are still trying to find the connection between caloric restriction and longevity.
Following his discovery between a low calorie diet and longevity, McCay played a prominent role in the development of nutritionally-sound rations during World War II, and the creation of Cornell Bread, a type of high protein, high vitamin bread meant to echo the same high protein vitamin meal he fed to his mice in longevity experiments. His further research centered around canine nutrition, fluoride and its use in water treatment, and parabiosis.
Dr. Clive McCay at Cornell University reported in 1958 that one part per million of sodium fluoride added to the drinking water of rats caused the reversal of the possible evidence of causing a harder tooth enamel, (although probably an abnormal form that is more brittle). He found that in fact it created tooth decay where it otherwise did not exist, and further caused kidney cell breakdown in the
older rats.

</doc>
<doc id="20726289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726289" title="Battle of Montaigu">
Battle of Montaigu

The Battle of Montaigu was a battle on 21 September 1793 during the War in the Vendée, in which the Vendéens attacked general Jean-Michel Beysser's French Republican division. Taken by surprise, this division fought back but lost 400 men, including many captured. Some of these prisoners were summarily executed by the Vendeens and their bodies later found in the castle wells by troops under Jean-Baptiste Kléber. Following this battle Beysser was recalled to Paris, compromised by his Girondin past and condemned to death with the Hébertists on 13 April 1794.

</doc>
<doc id="20726305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726305" title="Marianne McDonald">
Marianne McDonald

Marianne McDonald is a scholar and philanthropist. McDonald is involved in the sharing, compilation, and preservation of Greek and Irish texts. She has received numerous awards because of her works and philanthropy.
Early life.
McDonald was born in 1937 and lived in Chicago. She went to school at the Convent of the Sacred Heart in Chicago and finished her secondary education at the Chicago Latin School. It was in these years that she gained a love for Latin, Greek, and the classics. She graduated from Bryn Mawr College with a bachelor of arts degree in the classics and music. She continued her education by getting a master’s degree from the University of Chicago and by earning a doctorate from the University of California, Irvine.
Father.
She credits her love for learning from her father, Eugene Francis McDonald. He grew up in New York City and became the head of the family at age twelve when he had to drop out of school in order to support his family. After having gone deaf, he invented the Zenith hearing aid and created the Zenith Radio Corporation. When he died in 1958, he left McDonald a large fortune and a collection of gifts that furthered her interest in Ireland and the desire to give generously.
Credits.
McDonald has been teaching for the majority of her life. She has taught primarily at University of California, Irvine and University of California, San Diego as a professor of classics and theater. She has also been a visiting professor of classics at Trinity College, Dublin, University College Dublin, University College Cork, Dublin City University, and the University of Ulster in Coleraine. She has published over 250 books, translations, plays, and poems and she has written even more articles. She has performed in a large number of Greek plays and she understands –to varying degrees- twelve different languages.
Two of McDonald’s projects are the Thesaurus Linguae Graecae (TLG) and the Thesaurus Linguae Hiberniae. The TLC is a computerized compilation of Greek literature that McDonald founded and funded at the University of California, Irvine. Years later, she did the same thing in Ireland by founding the Thesaurus Linguae Hiberniae which computerizes Irish literature no matter what language they were actually written in.
In her adult life, McDonald has reached an impressive number of achievements and has received numerous awards because of her works. McDonald has been awarded honorary doctorates from the National University of Ireland, University College Dublin, the American College of Greece, the University of Athens, and the University of Thessalonika. In 1994, she was inducted into the Royal Irish Academy -one of the only women to be inducted into it. That same year, she was made a commander of the Order of the Phoenix, one of Greece’s highest awards, by Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou for her contributions to Greek drama. In 1999, McDonald was awarded the Ellis Island Medal of Honor for distinguished achievements as an American. McDonald has also been given Irish citizenship on the basis of all that she has done for Ireland. In 2008, she was inducted into the San Diego Women’s Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20726337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726337" title="Shiqiao Station">
Shiqiao Station

Shiqiao Station () is a station of Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 December 2006. It is located at the underground of the junction of Guangming Road North () and Qiaoxing Avenue (), Shiqiao Subdistrict (), the capital of Panyu District.

</doc>
<doc id="20726356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726356" title="Ridgeley Middle School">
Ridgeley Middle School

Ridgeley Middle School is a defunct middle school in Ridgeley, West Virginia. It occupied the former Ridgeley High School campus after the high school's closure; the middle school was closed because of consoildation in 1991 and succeeded by Frankfort Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="20726394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726394" title="Battle of Tiffauges">
Battle of Tiffauges

The battle of Torfou-Tiffauges was a battle on 19 September 1793 during the War in the Vendée. It pitted many Royalist military leaders against Republican troops under Jean-Baptiste Kléber and Canclaux.
Course.
15,000 men, detached as the Armée de Mayence from the Armée du Rhin after the fall of Mainz, were sent to reinforce Kléber's force. On 18 September, Charette and the Armée catholique et royale gathered again at Torfou, on the northern borders of Tiffauges. 
The following day, at 9 am, fire was exchanged for the first time. Kléber launched one battalion to the right of Torfou and one to its left, attempting to encircle the town. The Vendéens under Charette coming towards them were discovered, fired on and forced into retreat. However, the women in the rear blocked the fleeing troops and convinced them to regroup and fight on the plateau were the Republicans were advancing.
François Henri d'Elbée de La Sablonière entered the line and Bonchamps tried to outflank the Republican left. Engulfed in Royalist troops, Kléber advanced four cannons but was shot in the shoulder before realising his centre had collapsed.
Consequences.
The Royalists decided to profit from the victory by pursuing the enemy and attacked Montaigu, where general Beysser was defeated. On 2 September, the Royalist leaders decided they must support Bonchamps and his attack on Kléber. However, Charette and Lescure decided to march on Saint-Fulgent, where the Republican army had arrived. This disobedience had one immediate result – on his return to Montaigu, Charette learned that Kléber had escaped to Bonchamps. He grouped his army and returned to Legé.

</doc>
<doc id="20726400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726400" title="Bernard Malivoire">
Bernard Malivoire

Bernard Robert Malivoire (April 20, 1938 – December 18, 1982) was a French rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bergerac, Dordogne.
In 1952 he was the coxswain of the French boat which won the gold medal in the coxed pairs event.
Malivoire was the youngest medalist and gold medalist at the 1952 Games with 14 years and 95 days.

</doc>
<doc id="20726409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726409" title="Peckin' Time">
Peckin' Time

"Peckin' Time" is an album credited to saxophonist Hank Mobley and trumpeter Lee Morgan first released on the Blue Note label in 1959 as BLP 1574. It was recorded on February 9, 1958 and features Mobley, Morgan, Wynton Kelly, Paul Chambers and Charlie Persip.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Steve Leggett awarded the album 4½ stars stating "It all adds up to a fine program, and if Mobley didn't push the envelope a whole lot, his lyrical and economical playing was always appropriate and graceful, and that's certainly the case here.".
Track listing.
Bonus tracks on CD:

</doc>
<doc id="20726410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726410" title="KCNT1">
KCNT1

Potassium channel subfamily T, member 1, also known as KCNT1 is a human gene that encodes the KCa4.1 protein. KCa4.1 is a member of the calcium-activated potassium channel protein family 

</doc>
<doc id="20726426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726426" title="Hiroshi Yoshida (footballer)">
Hiroshi Yoshida (footballer)

Hiroshi Yoshida (born February 11, 1958 in Japan) is a Japanese football manager and former player.

</doc>
<doc id="20726470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726470" title="Pauly &amp; C. – Compagnia Venezia Murano">
Pauly &amp; C. – Compagnia Venezia Murano

Pauly & C. – Compagnia Venezia Murano is a Venetian company that produces glass art, most notably Roman murrine, mosaics and chandeliers.
The company was formed in 1919 by a merger of Pauly & C (founded 1902) and the Compagnia di Venezia e Murano (founded 1866). It has since expanded in 1932 with the acquisition of MVM Cappellin and in 1990 by the addition of the drawings and back catalogues of Toso Vetri d’Arte. The company maintains retail showrooms as well as exhibiting antiques.
History.
Compagnia di Venezia e Murano.
Compagnia di Venezia e Murano began as Salviati &C. in London in 1866 under the direction of Vicenza attorney Antonio Salviati and with the backing of two British men: archaeologist Austen Henry Layard and antiquarian Sir William Drake. The company was dedicated to using ancient techniques and utilized master glassblowers in its efforts to do so. It called in specialists from other fields like goldsmithing and engraving to ensure authenticity and employed artist Giuseppe Devers to teach the techniques of enamelling and heat-applied glass gilding to company artisans. Archaeologist Layard was particularly interested in the mosaic glass techniques of Roman and pre-Roman artists, and he spent years personally overseeing the work of the company's technicians and glassblowers in attempting to revive those techniques. In 1872, the company was successful, managing to replicate the type of glass commonly known as "murrina" (plural, "murrine").
The company was renamed Venice and Murano Glass and Mosaic Company Limited in 1872, and, in 1877, Layard purchased Salviati's interest so that Salviati could pursue other interests. The company quickly earned a reputation for quality original glass art and reproductions as well as its many mural mosaics in Great Britain and elsewhere in Europe. In 1878, the murrine produced by Compagnia di Venezia e Murano was included in its exhibit at the International Exhibition in Paris, which was the chief attraction in Italian glass. In its observations of the display, the United States Commission to the Paris exposition commented not only on "Roman murrhine glass", but also particularly on the mural glass mosaics, the "perfection of which" had "engaged the earnest attention of the company." Mosaics produced by the company during the time period are still in existence in diverse areas such as Gonville and Caius College Chapel in Cambridge; the Church of San Paolo Entro Le Mura in Rome, the Victoria and Albert Museum, Westminster Cathedral in London, Old South Church in Boston the Chamberlain Memorial in Birmingham, Palazzo Barbarigo and the Senate House rooms in the United States. The last specimen, a portrait of Abraham Lincoln, was produced and donated in 1866.
Through the last years of the 19th century, Compagnia di Venezia e Murano took part in many other displays. Prior to the 1878 exhibition in Paris, it had shown at the Maritime Exhibition in Naples and the Trieste Exhibition in 1871 and at the International Exhibition in Vienna in 1873, where it won 13 prizes for decorative arts. It unveiled a new focus in 1881 with the display of the first of its glass phoenixes at the National Exhibition in Milan. It exported several thousand works for display at the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893, also setting up a kiln so that the public could observe the company's glass blowing techniques. In 1895, it exhibited at the first Venice Biennale (an event at which it would also feature later), with artisan Vincenzo Moretti taking prizes and artisan Attilio Spaccarelli earning special note for his engraving.
1900 saw a change in the company when its British owners sold their interest to a businessman from Venice named Tosolini, who was the owner of shops in St. Mark's Square. Under Tosoloni's ownership, the company stopped production in 1909, though it continued commercial distribution at St. Mark's Square.
Merger with Pauly & C.
Pauly & C was formed in 1903 by Emilio Pauly, Alessandro Hirscber Hellman, Vittorio Emanuele Toldo and Ernesto Graziadei, opening showrooms in Palazzo Trevisan Cappello, which would remain the headquarters of the company until its closure in 2007 for restoration. In 1919, Pauly & C. and Compagnia di Venezia e Murano were both purchased by the Milan Società Anonima Sanitaria, which resold them the following year to Gaetano Ceschina of Milan. The newly merged company, retitled to its present name, continued display in its previous locations of St. Mark's Square and the Palazzo Trevisan Cappello. In 1925, the merged company resumed production of glassworks on Murano and began exhibiting again at the Monza Tirennale.
Post-merger growth and development.
The company grew in 1933 with the acquisition of Maestri Vetrai Muranesi Cappellin, or MVM Cappellin, a glass company formed in 1925 by Paolo Venini and Giacomo Cappellin, which transferred to them rights to the works and designs of the MVM Cappellin artists such as Vittorio Zecchin and Carlo Scarpa. The company expanded into commissioned chandeliers, with notable pieces from the period being placed in such locations as the Palazzo del Quirinale in Rome; the Vatican Palace, and the Royal Palace in Copenhagen. More recently, interior lighting has been designed for such places as the Palazzo Bezzi in Ravenna and the Al Assawi family palace. In 1990, the company again expanded with the acquisition of Toso Vetri d’Arte glassworks.
Transition.
Ceschina sold his interest in the company in 1963 to the Barbon family, who retained it until 1976, when they sold to Andrea Boscaro. Boscaro owned the company for almost 30 years before 2005.
Artistic associations.
The company has a long history of association with international artisans. In the period following the second World War, the company undertook long-term associations with master glassblowers Anzolo Fuga and Alfredo Barbini, engraver Francesco Andolfato and painter Enzo Scarpa. Shorter associations include sculptor Napoleone Martinuzzi in the 1960s, painter Libero Vitali in 1971, architect Franz Prati between 1996 and 1997, and fashion designer Romeo Gigli in 1997. In the later 1990s, the company also featured exclusive designs by Heinz Oestergaard, Maria Teresa Lorella Gnutti and Berit Johansson, whose association with the company persisted. Since the turn of the century, associations have included Venetian sculptor Livio de Marchi and Chinese artist Xiao Fan Ru.
Museum display.
Glass art produced by Pauly & C. – Compagnia Venezia Murano is on display in a number of museums. Among them:

</doc>
<doc id="20726484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726484" title="Buddy Giovinazzo">
Buddy Giovinazzo

Buddy Giovinazzo is an independent filmmaker and author who is known for his gritty-low budget debut film, "Combat Shock", and his collection of harrowing short stories of low urban life in his 1993 novel, "Life is Hot in Cracktown".
Born May 5, 1957 in New York City, Buddy grew up in Staten Island. He went to the College of Staten Island where he graduated with a Masters in Cinema, later teaching film there as well.
He is the brother of Rick Giovinazzo (Ricky) who is a composer, orchestrator, and the star of his premier film, "Combat Shock". His cousin is television and film star, Carmine Giovinazzo.
A Buddy Giovinazzo website is currently under construction.
Bibliography.
During a time when it was hard to get a project made for Giovinazzo after his debut film, Combat Shock, he turned to writing novels instead and teaching film.
The Novels of Buddy Giovinazzo:
Acclaimed action-filmmaker Tony Scott has expressed interest in developing Giovinazzo's crime novel, "Potsdamer Platz" into a motion picture. To date there is no word on what the status of that film is.
His novel, Life is Hot in Cracktown, was recently adapted into a feature film by Giovinazzo himself as writer and director.
Television.
Sometime during or after "The Unscarred", Giovinazzo left the United States for Berlin, Germany where he published his fourth novel, "Potsdamer Platz" and directed episodes for various German crime programs:
"Tatort" (3 episodes, 2003-2009)
- Platt gemacht (2009) TV episode
- Das Ende des Schweigens (2007) TV episode
- 3 x schwarzer Kater (2003) TV episode
"Der Kriminalist" (3 episodes, 2008)
- Ruhe in Frieden (2008) TV episode
- Eiskalter Tod (2008) TV episode
- Avalon (????) TV episode
"Polizeiruf 110" (2 episodes, 2003-2006)
- Mit anderen Augen (2006) TV episode
- Tiefe Wunden (2003) TV episode
"Wilsberg" (2 episodes, 2005)
- Todesengel (2005) TV episode
- Schuld und Sünde (2005) TV episode

</doc>
<doc id="20726498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726498" title="Ahavath Beth Israel (Boise, Idaho)">
Ahavath Beth Israel (Boise, Idaho)

Congregation Ahavath Beth Israel is a synagogue in Boise, Idaho. Its 1896 building is thought to be the oldest synagogue building in continuous use in the United States west of the Mississippi River. The congregation is affiliated with the Union for Reform Judaism.
History.
Boise's first Jews were present in the mining camps in the 1860s, but it was not until 1895 that a Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew for House of Israel) was formed. Most of the congregants were from central Europe and the synagogue followed Reformed ritual. Moses Alexander, mayor of Boise and governor of Idaho, was an early leader of the congregation.
The building was erected in 1896, and given a careful restoration in 1982.
Congregation Ahavath Israel (Hebrew for "Lovers of The House of Israel") was founded in 1912 by Orthodox immigrants form Eastern Europe. The congregation erected a building at the corner of 27th and Bannock Streets in 1947. The two congregations merged in 1986 to become Ahavath Beth Israel. 
A personal memoir/history of Congregation Ahavath Israel was written by one of its member leaders, the late Mr. Joel Stone; a copy of this book is obtainable through the congregation's lending library. A more comprehensive history of Ahavath Beth Israel (which focuses more on Beth Israel's history) was also privately published for limited release by a former member, and is likewise available through the congregation.
Building.
The synagogue's wood-shingled 1896 building blends two architecture styles popular with turn-of-the-century Jewish congregations. The exterior is in mainly in the popular Rundbogenstil style, though the tall windows flanking the large, rose window are in the form of Horseshoe arches. This Moorish Revival detail continues on the inside, where the Barrel-vaulted ceiling is supported by Horseshoe-arches. The architect described the building as designed in a modern Moorish style.
In 1972 the synagogue was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 2003 the building was moved from its original location on State Street to its current location on Latah Street. During the move documentation was discovered showing the original construction was partially financed by Marshall Field and Levi Strauss & Co.

</doc>
<doc id="20726533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726533" title="Herbert Schulze">
Herbert Schulze

Herbert Schulze (1 April 1914 — 2 February 1992) was a Sturmbannführer (Major), in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. He was also one of only 631 men awarded the very rare Close Combat Clasp in Gold.
Herbert Schulze was born on the 1 April 1914, at Waldheim, Saxony.
He volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the "Das Reich". He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in June 1940 and the 1st class award in August 1941.
By 1943 he had been promoted to Hauptsturmführer (Captain) and was given command of the 6th Company, SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Der Führer," (2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich). It was while in command of this Regiment that he was awarded the German Cross in Gold for bravery in May.
He was the commander of the II. Battalion, 4th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Der Führer" when he was awarded the Close Combat Clasp in Gold in November 1943.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross in December 1943.
Herbert Schulze ended the war in command of SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Schulze" which was part of the SS-Kampfgruppe Trabandt (Battle Group Trabandt)
Herbert Schulze survived the war and died on the 2 February 1992 at Borken in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20726535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726535" title="Veikko Lommi">
Veikko Lommi

Veikko Kristian Lommi (7 November 1917 – 20 June 1989) was a Finnish rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vehkalahti and died in Kotka. He was the cousin of Oiva Lommi.
In 1948 he was a crew member of the Finnish boat which was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the coxed fours event.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Finnish boat in the coxless fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20726543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726543" title="KCNT2">
KCNT2

Potassium channel subfamily T, member 2, also known as KCNT2 is a human gene that encodes the KCa4.2 protein. KCa4.2 is a member of the calcium-activated potassium channel protein family 

</doc>
<doc id="20726544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726544" title="Panyu Square Station">
Panyu Square Station

Panyu Square Station () is a terminus of Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 December 2006. It is located at the underground of the junction of Donghuan Road () and Qinghe Road East () in Shiqiao Subdistrict (), the capital of Panyu District. Panyu Square is a newly developed area at the south of Shiqiao, surrounded by new Panyu Government Offices (), hotel and high-rise buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="20726562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726562" title="Gabriela Preissová">
Gabriela Preissová

Gabriela Preissová, née Gabriela Sekerová, sometimes used pen name Matylda Dumontová (March 23, 1862 in Kutná Hora - March 27, 1946 in Prague), was a Czech writer and playwright. Her play "Její pastorkyňa" was the basis for the opera "Jenůfa" by Leoš Janáček. His earlier opera "The Beginning of a Romance" was also based on one of her stories.
Preissová mostly wrote stories full of optimism and the joy of life idealising village life. Her stories first appeared in the early 1890s. The more significant appeared in a three-volume collection. Her books, written in the 1920s, were about the tragic rural life of the Kaerntner (Austria) Slavs, usually with a strong woman as a heroine. These dramas didn't achieve the artistic spontaneity of her early work. Themes of her stories were mostly the affaires of young lovers and the obstacles to their consummation. Some tales were set to music, such as "Eva" by Josef Bohuslav Foerster and "Jenůfa", an opera by Janáček.

</doc>
<doc id="20726573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726573" title="Multimodal transport">
Multimodal transport

Multimodal transport (also known as combined transport) is the transportation of goods under a single contract, but performed with at least two different means of transport; the carrier is liable (in a legal sense) for the entire carriage, even though it is performed by several different modes of transport (by rail, sea and road, for example). The carrier does not have to possess all the means of transport, and in practice usually does not; the carriage is often performed by sub-carriers (referred to in legal language as "actual carriers"). The carrier responsible for the entire carriage is referred to as a multimodal transport operator, or MTO.
Article 1.1. of the United Nations Multimodal Convention (which has not yet, and may never enter into force) defines multimodal transport as follows: "'International multimodal transport' means the carriage of goods by at least two different modes of transport on the basis of a multimodal transport contract from a place in one country at which the goods are taken in charge by the multimodal transport operator to a place designated for delivery situated in a different country".
Overview.
In practice, freight forwarders have become important MTOs; they have moved away from their traditional role as agents for the sender, accepting a greater liability as carriers. Large sea carriers have also evolved into MTOs; they provide customers with so-called door-to-door service. The sea carrier offers transport from the sender's premises (usually located inland) to the receiver's premises (also usually situated inland), rather than offering traditional tackle-to-tackle or pier-to-pier service. MTOs not in the possession of a sea vessel (even though the transport includes a sea leg) are referred to as Non-Vessel Operating Carriers (NVOC) in common law countries (especially the United States). 
Multimodal transport developed in connection with the "container revolution" of the 1960s and 70s; as of 2011, containerized transports are by far the most important multimodal consignments. However, it is important to remember that multimodal transport is not equivalent to container transport; multimodal transport is feasible without any form of container. The MTO works on behalf of the supplier; it assures the supplier (and the buyer) that their goods will be effectively managed and supplied.
Research.
Multimodal transport research is being conducted across a wide range of government, commercial and academic centers. The Research and Innovative Technology Administration (RITA) within the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) chairs an inter-agency Research, Development and Technology (RD&T) Planning Team. The University Transportation Center (UTC) program, which consists of more than 100 universities nationwide conducts multi-modal research and education programs. The European Commission's Freight Transport Logistics Action Plan has placed special emphasis on researching and developing multimodal freight transport networks in Europe, leading to focused research efforts such as e-Freight and FLAGSHIP.
Legal aspects.
From a legal standpoint, multimodal transport creates several problems. Unimodal transports are currently governed by different, often-mandatory international conventions. These conventions stipulate different bases for liability, and different limitations of liability for the carrier. As of 2011, the solution to this problem has been the so-called network principle. According to the network principle, the different conventions coexist unchanged; the carrier’s liability is defined according to where the breach of contract has occurred (where the goods have been damaged during transport, for example). However, problems arise if the breach of contract is systemic (not localized).

</doc>
<doc id="20726577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726577" title="Daniel Jubb">
Daniel Jubb

Daniel Jubb (born 1984 in Manchester, England) is a British rocket scientist. In a November 17, 2008 article from the British newspaper "The Times", he was named "one of the world's leading rocket scientists", by the Royal Air Force Wing Commander Andy Green.
Biography.
Having been interested in rockets since childhood, Jubb had obtained corporate financing and flew many amateur rockets, all by the time he was 14 years old. 
In 1995, and along with his grandfather Sid Guy, he co-founded The Falcon Project, a company that designs and develops rocket engines for commercial and military applications. At that time, Jubb obtained permission from the UK Ministry of Defence to launch rockets from the missile test platform of the Otterburn Army Training Estate in Northumberland and after his rockets reached the maximum allowable launch height of 20,000 feet he wanted to go higher. The operations of The Falcon Project were then moved to a location near Garlock in the Mojave Desert in California. Jubb runs The Falcon Project from a home office in his parents' house and the company supplies the MOD, United States military, and plans to build satellite launch vehicles.
Although many media claims have been made about the altitudes reached by Jubb's rockets, none have appeared on the list of altitude records held by the United Kingdom Rocketry Association.
In a short documentary produced in 1998 for Channel 4 titled "Raw Talent: The Rocket Scientist", Jubb stated that he built his first rocket at age five, "from a McDonald's straw, a light-bulb holder and some household ingredients".
In November 2005, Jubb joined the Bloodhound SSC project. The Bloodhound is a jet and rocket powered car that was designed to break the land speed record by traveling at approximately 1,000 miles per hour (1,609 km/h). Jubb and The Falcon Project designed, built, and repeatedly tested their hybrid rocket engine that will produce an estimated 25,000 lbs of thrust, suitable for either Bloodhound SSC or Virgin Galactic's SpaceShip Two. In addition, The Falcon Project Ltd completed and tested a full scale monopropellant thruster for sub-sonic testing of the vehicle.
On November 28, 2010 Neil Armstrong visited the Bloodhound SSC headquarters and chatted with the team, including Jubb.
This October 3, 2012 report was televised on the Bloodhound SSC hybrid rocket fabricated by The Falcon Project Ltd with Daniel Jubb as director, which was successfully tested in public at Newquay, GB.
The developments he has made in rocketry have been fairly diverse as shown in this video presentation of Hayling Island Evening Seminar on 26 September 2013 titled, "The Hybrid Rocket for Bloodhound SSC and Inspiring the Next Generation". This also goes into great detail as to his contributions to the Bloodhound SSC project in particular in time, money and commitment.
Due to escalating costs caused by control system delays, a second hybrid rocket for Bloodhound will also be developed by Nammo.
Jubb has also been noted for his prominent moustache which earned him recognition from "The Chap" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20726599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726599" title="Food and Fuel Control Act">
Food and Fuel Control Act

The Food and Fuel Control Act, , also called the Lever Act or the Lever Food Act was a World War I era US law that among other things created the United States Food Administration and the Federal Fuel Administration.
Legislative history.
The act was a very controversial piece of legislation. The act was sponsored by Rep. Asbury F. Lever, a Democrat from South Carolina. President Wilson urged its passage as a wartime emergency measure. Some opposed the authority that would rest in the person of the "Food Administrator." Others opposed language that empowered the president to limit or prohibit the use of agricultural products in the production of alcoholic beverages, thereby establishing a form of national prohibition. Senators proposed alternatives, including a prohibition on the production of whiskey alone for the duration of the war. Republican Senator Henry Cabot Lodge objected to the language that authorized the president to "use any agency or agencies, to accept the services of any person without compensation, to cooperate with any person or persons in relation to the processes, methods, activities of and for the production manufacture, procurement, storage, distribution, sale, marketing, pledging, financing, and consumption of necessaries which are declared to be affected with a public interest." Wilson also had to fight off the proposal of Massachusetts Republican Senator John W. Weeks to establish instead a Joint Committee on the Conduct of the War.
Its official name was "An Act to Provide Further for the National Security and Defense by Encouraging the Production, Conserving the Supply, and Controlling the Distribution of Food Products and Fuel" and became law on August 10, 1917. It banned the production of "distilled spirits" from any produce that was used for food.
In 1918, faced with complaints from farmers that the Food Administration created under the Act had set the minimum price of wheat too low, Congress passed an amendment increasing that level from $2.20 to $2.40 per bushel. The President's veto out of concerns about inflation and the impact on the British, is credited with producing disastrous results for Democrats in the 1918 elections in the states of the grain belt.
On August 18, 1919, after the end of hostilities, President Wilson asked Congress to extend the life of the Act to allow his administration to address widespread and dramatic increases in the prices of commodities. He requested amendments to include clothing and to set increased penalties for profiteering. Opponents delayed passage for months while berating the administration for its failure to control prices and then granted the authority the President requested in October. In the House of Representatives, the President's chief critic complained of the administration's priorities: "Where there is one man in a thousand who cares a rap about the League of Nations, there are nine hundred and ninety-nine who are vitally and distressingly concerned about the high cost of living." The Department of Justice launched 179 prosecutions under the amended Act in the first two months following its passage.
Implementation.
The Act, an emergency wartime measure, was designed to expire at the end of World War I or shortly thereafter. It created two agencies, the Food Administration and the Fuel Administration.
To head the Food Administration, the President named Herbert Hoover who had handled Belgian relief at the beginning of the war and had coordinating food and fuel supplies since May 1917 on Wilson's personal authority. As United States Food Administrator he had the authority to fix food prices, license distributors, coordinate purchases, oversee exports, act against hoarding and profiteering, and encourage farmers to grow more crops. He emphasized the needs of America's allies, both those under arms and the civilian populations, for American produce. He encouraged American households to consume less meat and bread.
Wilson issued a proclamation in January 1918 calling upon Americans to demonstrate their patriotism by following Hoover's guidelines. There were voluntary "meatless Tuesdays" and "sweetless Saturdays." Tuesdays and Saturdays were "porkless." Both Mondays and Wednesday would be "wheatless." Compliance was voluntary, though the baking industry, including hotels and restaurants, was limited to the production of war bread and rolls called "victory bread." Initially it was made from at least 5% of grains other than wheat and that amount increased to 20% by February 24. His agency asked households to pledge their support and some 13 million of 18 million did so. Hoover's call for the conservation of the nation's produce emphasized voluntary compliance:"
Children were organized into the "United States School Garden Army." When eating apples, Boy Scouts were urged to be "patriotic to the core." Citizens were encouraged to grow "victory gardens" of vegetables in their backyards and vacant lots. Slogans like "By all means, save the beans" became popular. The Food Administration also fixed the price of a bushel of wheat, the price floor being $2 a bushel and the ceiling at $2.20. One of its posters said: "FOOD WILL WIN THE WAR; DON’T WASTE IT." By the end of 1918, about one-fourth of all American production was diverted to the war effort.
The Fuel Administration under Harry Garfield, the President of Williams College, directed efforts to save coal. Nonessential factories were closed, and the Federal government had complete control over all aspects of the coal industry including production, pricing, sale, shipment, and distribution. Although the Act also included oil and natural gas, it gave the government less authority over those energy sources and no ability to control the price of oil and gas. Copying the methods of the Food Administration, citizens were encouraged to save fuel with "gasless Sundays," "heatless Mondays," and "lightless nights."
Garfield's most dramatic action was an attempt to speed fuel to eastern ports where ships were idled for lack of fuel. On January 17, 1918, he order the closing of all factories east of the Mississippi. That accomplished his goal, but exposed the Wilson administration to criticism both from its usual opponents and members of the President's own party.
On February 4, 1918, Garfield announced rules to govern the distribution of fuel oil that defined priority classes starting with railroads, then exports to the American armed forces, exports to America's allies in the war, hospitals, and several other classes.
Controversies.
In November 1919, Attorney General A. Mitchell Palmer sought and won an injunction against a strike in the coal industry under the Act. He claimed the President authorized the action, following a meeting with the severely ill President Wilson in the presence of his doctor. Samuel Gompers, President of the American Federation of Labor, protested that President and members of his Cabinet had provided assurances when the Act was passed that it would not be used to prevent strikes by labor unions. He provided detailed accounts of his negotiations with representatives of the administration, especially Secretary of Labor William B. Wilson. He also argued that the end of hostilities, even in the absence of a signed treaty, should have invalidated any attempts to enforce the Act's provisions.
At one point Palmer asserted that the entire Cabinet had backed his request for an injunction. That infuriated Secretary of Labor Wilson who had opposed Palmer's plan and supported Gompers' view of the President's promises when the Act was under consideration. The rift between the Attorney General and the Secretary of Labor was never healed, which had consequences the next year when Palmer's attempts to deport radicals were frustrated by the Department of Labor.
Palmer used the Act again in April 1919 against 38 of the leaders of a walkout by railroad workers.
The amended Act's attempt to limit profits was found unconstitutional in February 1920 by a federal court that found its language "vague, indefinite, and uncertain." The Supreme Court struck down the provisions of the Act that allowed the Food Administrator to set maximum prices and fine those who violated the levels he set in 1921. That same year, the Supreme Court upheld the Act's imposition of rent control in the District of Columbia, which had not been repealed along with the bulk of the Act.
Repeal.
The work of the Fuel Administration ended in May 1919. The activities of the Food Administration declined quickly after the armistice and all but disappeared by July 1920.
The Act of August 10, 1917, as amended, was repealed along with a number of other authorized-for-wartime measures in a joint resolution of Congress on March 3, 1921 by effectively declaring the wartime emergency still in effect at the time as formally over.
Court cases brought under the Act, both before and after its repeal, continued to work their way through the courts.
References.
William C. Mullendore, "History of the United States Food Administration" (Stanford, 1941)

</doc>
<doc id="20726611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726611" title="Kauko Wahlsten">
Kauko Wahlsten

Kauko Wilhelm Wahlsten (December 9, 1923 – May 9, 2001) was a Finnish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kymi, Kymenlaakso and died in Kotka.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Finnish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20726615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726615" title="Trinity Health (Livonia, Michigan)">
Trinity Health (Livonia, Michigan)

Trinity Health was an American national Catholic hospital system operating in 10 states through a wide network of hospitals, clinics, home health and long-term care facilities and hospices. In May 2013, Trinity Health merged with Catholic Health East, Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, to become CHE Trinity Health, Inc. Headquartered in Livonia, Michigan, Trinity Health was the fourth-largest Catholic health system in the United States based on total revenue. Post-merger, CHE Trinity Health is the second-largest Catholic health system in the country.
Trinity Health was formed on May 1, 2000, from the merger of Holy Cross Health System, South Bend, Indiana, and Mercy Health Services, Farmington Hills, Michigan. The new organization initially comprised 25 health ministries across seven states—California, Idaho, Indiana, Iowa, Maryland, Michigan and Ohio—with 45,000 employees and 7,000 physicians. Trinity Health’s headquarters were established first in Farmington Hills, Michigan, and later in Novi, Michigan. Judith Pelham, president/CEO of Mercy Health Services, was the organization’s first president and chief executive officer, while James Hendricks, previously board chair for Holy Cross Health System, was named chair of the new board of directors.
Throughout its 13-year history, Trinity Health’s primary focus was to improve quality of care and patient safety at its Ministry Organizations (an umbrella term for the collective health facilities in the communities where it served). Nearly every initiative, whether related to culture, diversity or workforce development, had some underpinning related to this goal.
Trinity Health's commitment to clinical excellence was the task of the organization's Unified Clinical Organization (UCO). Together with the Ministry Organizations, the UCO facilitated a wide range of improvements in clinical excellence. This work was lauded for saving lives and improving outcomes in areas from perinatal patient safety to heart failure to sepsis.
Innovation and Awards
For three consecutive years, Trinity Health was listed among InformationWeek's IW500, a ranking of the nation's most innovative companies and organizations. In 2014, CHE Trinity Health is being considered for a ranking on Information Week's new "Elite100."
In 2004, one of the nation’s top quality-rating organizations honored Trinity Health with its National Quality Health Care Award. The National Committee for Quality Health Care named Trinity Health the winner of this annual award that recognizes providers who embody a vision for quality, embrace innovation and forward thinking, and establish methods to measure and evaluate processes to benefit the community.
In 2010, Trinity Health was named in the top 10 in Thomson Reuter’s 100 Top Hospitals: Health System Quality/Efficiency Study.
At its sunset, Trinity Health provided more than US$300 million a year in programs serving the poor and under-served, and in charity care. In 2008 Trinity Health had commitments of more than $376 million. Trinity Health supported reform of the U.S. health care system through a robust advocacy policy.
Trinity Health merged with Catholic Health East in 2013. At the time of the May 2013 merger, Trinity Health was led by Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, Judith R. Persichilli, and Interim Chief Operating Officer, Larry Warren.
Trinity Health Hospitals and facilities.
Saint Agnes Medical Center, Fresno
Saint Alphonsus Health System, Boise
Loyola University Health System, Maywood
Mercy Hospital and Medical Center, Chicago
Saint Joseph Regional Medical Center, Mishawaka
Mercy Medical Center - Clinton
Mercy Medical Center - Dubuque
Mercy Medical Center - North Iowa, Mason City
Mercy Medical Center - Sioux City
Holy Cross Health, Silver Spring
Mercy Health, Muskegon
Mercy Hospital, Cadillac
Mercy Hospital, Grayling
Mercy Health Saint Mary's, Grand Rapids
Saint Joseph Mercy Health System, Ann Arbor
Chelsea Community Hospital, Chelsea
St. Joseph Mercy Ann Arbor
St. Joseph Mercy Livingston, Howell
St. Joseph Mercy Oakland, Pontiac
St. Joseph Mercy Port Huron, Port Huron
St. Joseph Mercy Saline, Saline
St. Mary Mercy Hospital, Livonia
Mount Carmel Health System, Columbus
Trinity Senior Living Communities
Trinity Home Health Services
Catholic restrictions on services.
A typical member of Trinity Health, Saint Joseph Mercy Health System (SJMHS) of Ann Arbor, says on a Web entry: "As a Catholic organization, SJMHS prohibits its staff from dispensing or prescribing contraceptives and from performing vasectomies, female sterilizations, and elective abortions."
Health information technology.
Trinity Health's physicians and nurses use computerized clinical tools to automate processes, including:
, 22 community hospitals within Trinity Health's integrated health delivery network had computerized clinical and revenue-management applications.
US health reform.
The organisation carries out advocacy based on the belief that the US health care system should provide everyone with access to health coverage and high-quality care.
Through its "Find a Way" campaign, Trinity Health and its partner organizations contend that health reform is a key ingredient of economic recovery, and that all lawmakers should work urgently toward a goal of "coverage and access for all Americans in a cost-effective system of care."
Trinity Health organises town hall events, visits to Capitol Hill and meetings with local legislators as part of the US health care discussion. Trinity Health president and CEO Joseph R. Swedish issued a call for comprehensive health reform in a column titled "Our Carpe Diem Moment: Execs, Clinicians Must Help Policymakers Find the Way to Universal Coverage", published in Modern Healthcare on April 28, 2008.
History.
Trinity Health was formed by the merger of Holy Cross Health System and Mercy Health Services in 2000.
Holy Cross Health System has its roots in the Congregation of the Sisters of the Holy Cross, founded in 1841 by Blessed Basil Anthony Moreau. During the Civil War, Holy Cross Sisters helped staff military hospitals, caring for the wounded of both North and South. Over the next 100 years, the Sisters opened hospitals and other health care facilities throughout the country, responding to the needs of the times. In 1979 Holy Cross Health System was formed to unite the health care organizations sponsored by the Congregation of the Sisters of the Holy Cross.
Mercy Health Services' origins date to 1831, when Catherine McAuley founded the Sisters of Mercy in Dublin, Ireland. Over the next 10 years, she and her Sisters established 14 foundations to serve the poor, the sick and the uneducated throughout Ireland and England. After McAuley's death in 1841, the Sisters of Mercy took their mission to America, where they founded hospitals, schools and orphanages, and established homes for women and girls at risk.
As the sponsor of Mercy Health Services, the Sisters of Mercy Regional Community of Detroit traces its roots to convents, schools and hospitals founded as early as the 1860s and 1870s in Iowa and Michigan. In 1976, the Sisters created a health system to link and better support their hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="20726626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726626" title="Supreme Council of State of Siam">
Supreme Council of State of Siam

The Supreme Council of State of Siam ( was an advisory and legislative council established by His Majesty King Prajadhipok of Siam (Rama VII) that existed from 1925 to 1932. The Eton and Sandhurst educated monarch wished to create a council similar to a cabinet, where the most important government officials could meet to decide on state affairs. The Council was founded on 28 November 1925.
Members.
The Council was composed of 5 members, each a prince of the Chakri Dynasty who had held ministerial positions during the reigns of King Rama V and Rama VI (Prajadhipok’s father and older brother). The Councillors were:
The Council was not the only organ of government at the time. The King also had a Privy Council ( and a Council of Secretaries (. However, the Supreme Council was regarded as the most important. Prince Paripatra was the most dominant member of the Council of State, since he was then heir to the throne and Minister of the Interior.
History.
During its existence the council took many initiatives. For example, in 1929 the Council decided to cut public spending on the government including civil servant’s pay and defence spending, an action which was one of the main justifications the Khana Ratsadon (the People's Party) gave for the Revolution of 1932. 
The Council filled many civil service and military positions with their own relatives, replacing many commoners appointed under King Vajiravudh (Rama VI), which also created discontent in the country. The Council increased taxes on the populace to try to stem the economic downturn the country faced after the British Empire, Siam’s largest trading partner, abandoned the gold standard.
The most important action by the Council was the rejection of King Prajadhipok’s draft Constitution for the Kingdom of Siam in early 1932, on the 150th anniversary of the House of Chakri and the foundation of Bangkok. The constitution would have given the people their first parliament, with a popularly elected lower house and an expanded Supreme Council as an upper house. A few months later the Khana Ratsadon staged a coup which ended the absolutist monarchy and replaced it with a constitutional monarchy. The constitution in which they promulgated abrogated the many powers of the monarch and dissolved the Supreme Council; it exiled the influential Prince Paripatra Sukhumband for life.

</doc>
<doc id="20726640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726640" title="Oiva Lommi">
Oiva Lommi

Oiva Lommi (30 June 1922 – 23 July 2000) was a Finnish rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vehkalahti and died in Kotka. He was the cousin of Veikko Lommi.
In 1948 he was a crew member of the Finnish boat which was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the coxed fours event.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Finnish boat in the coxless fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20726646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726646" title="Henrik Rytter">
Henrik Rytter

Henrik Grytnes Rytter (18 January 1877 – 18 September 1950) was a Norwegian dramatist, lyricist and translator.
He was born in Bjørnør. He made his debut in 1907, with the drama "Dømde". Later plays include "Bråhamaren" (1917), "Herman Ravn" (1924), "Våren" (1926), "Elva" (1937) and "Prestegarden og øya (1941)". All were staged at Det Norske Teatret. As a lyricist, Rytter's works include "Båra" (1919), "Øya" (1920), the trilogy "Jordsonen" (1925), "Skålene" (1926) and "Vokune" (1927), as well as "Eros" (1928) and "Likevel -!" (1950).
Rytter also made a mark as a translator. He translated works of Shakespeare as well as "Peer Gynt" and the "Divine Comedy" into Nynorsk; and "The Decameron" into Bokmål.
He was also the headmaster of Nordmøre folk high school from 1913 to 1916.
He was the father of Olav Rytter.

</doc>
<doc id="20726664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726664" title="Lauri Nevalainen">
Lauri Nevalainen

Lauri Armas Nevalainen (January 24, 1927 – July 31, 2005) was a Finnish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Kotka.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Finnish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20726672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726672" title="Caloy Garcia">
Caloy Garcia

Carlos "Caloy" Garcia is a Filipino professional basketball assistant coach of the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He once served as the head coach of Rain or Shine from 2008 to 2010.
Early life.
He studied at De La Salle-College of Saint Benilde and briefly played for the Dazz Dishwashing Paste in the PBL. He is a cousin of B-Meg Derby Ace Llamados head coach Jorge Gallent, also a Benildean. He assisted Garcia in the De La Salle-College of Saint Benilde and the Welcoat Paintmasters prior to his winning run with the Harbour Centre Batang Pier.
Coaching career.
Welcoat assistant coach (PBL).
He assisted Leo Austria in the Welcoat Paintmasters from 2002 to 2004.
Welcoat/Rain or Shine Head coach (PBL).
He was the head coach of the Welcoat Paintmasters from 2005 up to its last year in 2006. He even led them to a PBL title (Unity Cup) in 2005 defeating the Monataña Pawnshop, 3-1.
CSB coach.
He was hired in 2005 to replace Tonichi Ytturi as St. Benilde head coach. Under him, he produced NCAA MVP Jay Sagad. Later, he led them to a 5-9, 3-11, and 1-11 record respectively. He was later replaced by Gee Abanilla.
Welcoat assistant coach (PBA).
He again assisted Leo Austria in the Welcoat Paintmasters from 2006 to 2008. Austria then resigned after the Philippine Cup.
Welcoat/Rain or Shine Head coach (PBA).
He was hired as an interim coach of the Dragons and eventually the team's head coach in 2008. After being eliminated by the San Miguel Beermen during the quarterfinals of the 2010-11 Philippine Cup, Rain or Shine announced that Garcia will be replaced by Yeng Guiao as head coach. Garcia will slide down as the head assistant coach of the team.
Letran Knights head coach.
Upon the resignation of Louie Alas, Garcia was chosen to become the head coach of the Colegio de San Juan de Letran Knights. He will start coaching Letran during the 2013-2014 NCAA season.
Coaching record.
Youngest Head Coach on both PBL and PBA. Youngest head coach with a championship belt in PBL till now.

</doc>
<doc id="20726691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726691" title="Conforti">
Conforti

Conforti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20726717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726717" title="Battle of Fougères">
Battle of Fougères

The battle of Fougères was a battle on 3 November 1793 at Fougères, during the Virée de Galerne. It was a Vendéen victory. 
The Vendéens (on their way from taking Mayenne) decided to march on Saint-Malo to make contact with the British and, recently joined by the Chouans, marched on Fougères on the way. Realising the danger, the Republicans prepared to defend the city and castle, with adjudant général Brière gathering 6,000 National Guards and soldiers from line regiments and inspecting the castle's defences. Many administrators chose to leave the city and flee towards Rennes, with some exceptions staying put, such as mayor Lesueur.

</doc>
<doc id="20726729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726729" title="Jorunn Hareide">
Jorunn Hareide

Jorunn Hareide (born 15 September 1940) is a Norwegian historian of literature.
She was born in Skien. She took her dr.philos. degree in 1980 and became professor at the University of Trondheim in 1983. In 1993 she moved to the University of Oslo. She is a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters and the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of her most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20726735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726735" title="Adílson Luíz Anastácio">
Adílson Luíz Anastácio

Adílson Luíz Anastácio, or simply known as Adílson (born January 10, 1959 in Brazil) is a former Brazilian football player.
He played for Ponte Preta in the Campeonato Brasileiro.

</doc>
<doc id="20726756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726756" title="Webb-Pomerene Act">
Webb-Pomerene Act

The Webb-Pomerence Act was a law passed in 1918 that exempted certain exporters' associations from certain antitrust regulations.
Sponsored by Rep. Edwin Y. Webb (D) of North Carolina and Sen. Atlee Pomerene (D) of Ohio, the act granted immunity from antitrust regulation to companies that combined to operate the export trade that was essential to the war effort. The act was important because it granted exemptions from the Clayton Anti-Trust Act of 1914. Many large conglomerates that had previously been subject to Federal anti-trust investigations were now free to continue "business as usual" because they "aided" the war effort. Webb-Pomerene exemptions lasted well into the 1920s as the Federal Trade Commission granted stays of investigation for those companies that initially qualified for exemption under the 1918 act.

</doc>
<doc id="20726762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726762" title="Knockadalteen">
Knockadalteen

Knockadalteen () is a townland in County Roscommon in Ireland. It is bounded on the north by the parish of Tumna, east by the townland of Mullaghmore, south by Scregg, and on the west by Knockananima and Toulagh. 

</doc>
<doc id="20726781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726781" title="British Library, MS Egerton 1782">
British Library, MS Egerton 1782

MS Egerton 1782 is the index title of an early sixteenth-century Irish vellum manuscript housed in the Egerton Collection of the British Library, London.
Overview.
The compilation dates from "c". 1517 and is the work of several scribes of the Ó Maolconaire (anglicised: O'Mulconry), a learned family of lawyers and historians, known also for compiling MS 23 N 10 later in the century.
In spite of its relatively late date (compared to, for instance, the Book of Leinster, Lebor na hUidre or the Yellow Book of Lecan), it is one of the most important documents for the study of early Irish literature. Some texts, such as "Aislinge Oenguso", are preserved nowhere else.
The Texts of Egerton 1782.
Here follow some of the texts found in the manuscript:

</doc>
<doc id="20726782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726782" title="When a Crocodile Eats the Sun">
When a Crocodile Eats the Sun

When a Crocodile Eats the Sun is an acclaimed 2006 book of memoirs by Peter Godwin. It is a continuation of Godwin's highly successful earlier memoirs, "Mukiwa". The book was published by Picador.
Content.
Godwin, a White Zimbabwean follows the escalating political change in his home country as bloody land invasions and corruption engulf the country. He visits besieged white farmers and the families of those murdered. The book concentrates on conflicts between the MDC and Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF and on family dynamics. His family's connections to the situation in Zimbabwe are thoroughly explored. In particular with the revelation that his father was a Polish Jew fleeing the Warsaw ghetto.
Reception.
"Tender, frustrated, unsentimental – this potent memoir holds little joy for Zimbabwe but is fiercely proud of its subjects' unyielding integrity." James Urquhart, "The Independent"
"His book is heartfelt, absorbing and profoundly moving." Ian Critchley, "The Sunday Times"
"Heartbreaking ...Godwin plainly loves Africa, and he captures the baffling wayward contradictions of its people, their cruelties and unexpected kindnesses, their nobility of spirit in the face of appalling conditions, with humour and grace" "Daily Mail"
"haunting and beautifully written.. He has written a powerful and deeply affecting book about a family trying to ride the tsunami of change." Michiko Kakutani, "New York Times"
"Peter Godwin, an acclaimed Zimbabwean journalist now living in Manhattan, masterfully weaves the political and the highly personal. An eyewitness account of that cataclysmic time, When a Crocodile Eats the Sun is also a tribute to Godwin's aging parents and a searing exploration of the author's own soul." Wendy Kann, "The Washington Post"

</doc>
<doc id="20726829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726829" title="Knockacorha">
Knockacorha

Knockacorha (in Irish "Cnoc A'Chartha", meaning "Hill of the Big Stone") is a townland in County Roscommon. It is bounded on the north by the townland of Macnadille and Turmore, on the east by Turrymartin, south by Ardlavaugh and west by Derrylow.

</doc>
<doc id="20726832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726832" title="Siege of Angers">
Siege of Angers

The Siege of Angers was a siege of the French town of Angers on 3 December 1793 in the War in the Vendée.
Background.
Pushed back at Granville, the Vendéens hoped to reach the south of the Loire to which the path was open thanks to their victory in the Battle of Dol. On 23 November, the Vendéen generals met at Antrain. The chief general Henri de La Rochejaquelein offered to march to Rennes where the republican army had sought refuge, in order to finish it off and free Brittany, the army could then attack Nantes to return to Vendée while meeting with Charette's army. On the other hand, Stofflet wanted to return by the shortest road, thus attacking Angers. Finally, Antoine-Philippe de La Trémoille wanted to attack Granville again, the town's garrison was reduced and the English seemed more willing to intervene there. This last plan was chosen by the officers, but the Vendéen soldiers refused to obey and rather followed Stofflet's plan. The generals were forced to follow.
The army thus marched to Angers. The Vendéens were no longer worried about the republican troops too busy reorganizing their forces, but they were ravaged by illnesses (dysentery, typhus and cholera) related to famine caused by their difficulties in supply and in protecting themselves from the cold of the upcoming winter.
The battle.
Angers was defended by 4,000 republican soldiers commanded by generals Louis Michel Auguste Thévenet and Jean-Pierre Boucret. The general Michel de Beaupuy, who was still recovering from wounds of the Battle of Entrames, was also present and wished to participate in the battle nonetheless.
On 3 December the Vendéens attacked, but the initial assault wasn't better planned than at Granville, they spread into the faubourgs abandoned by the republicans but without siege weapons they were unable to pass the fortifications.
All day long, the Vendéen artillery of Gaspard de Bernard de Marigny bombarded the town gates with very limited success.
On 4 December, the Vendéen tried another attack, on the verge of taking the Cupif gate the republican troops led by general Jean Fortuné Boüin de Marigny arrived as reinforcements. These troops were the avant-garde of the Army of the West, their arrival provoked panic in Vendéen lines who abandoned the siege and fled back to the North-East, towards Le Mans.
Although victorious, the general Boüin de Marigny was killed at the end of the battle, hit by a cannon ball.
After the battle, following the orders of Marie Pierre Adrien Francastel, the decapitated heads of the Vendéens and Chouans killed during the fighting were exposed on the fortifications.
Pitre-Chevalier also wrote that the sans-culottes, following orders of Levasseur "made a lustral procession, and burnt the frankincense of the fatherland to purify the walls from royalist contact".

</doc>
<doc id="20726833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726833" title="Antoine Longoudé">
Antoine Longoudé

Antoine Longoudé (born 22 August 1962) is a boxer from the Central African Republic. Longoudé competed for his country at the 1984 Summer Olympics as a welterweight. He was defeated by Romanian Rudel Obreja in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20726840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726840" title="Vasil Sikharulidze">
Vasil Sikharulidze

Vasil Sikharulidze () (born May 30, 1968) is a Georgian diplomat and politician. He has been foreign affairs advisor to the President of Georgia since August 27, 2009. He had previously served as Ambassador to the United States (2006-2008) and Georgia's Minister of Defence (2008-2009). 
Born in Tbilisi, then-Soviet Georgia, Sikharulidze graduated from Tbilisi State Medical University in 1993 and practiced psychiatry from 1993 to 1995. After a brief tenure as an Executive Director of the Atlantic Council of Georgia, an umbrella organization that brings together Georgian NGOs working on Euro-Atlantic integration issues, Sikharulidze worked for the Parliament of Georgia as a leading specialist on defense and security issues from 1996 to 2000. He headed the NATO division at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia from 2000 to 2002 and served as a deputy head of the Georgian Mission of NATO in Brussels. He worked for the National Security Council of Georgia in 2004 and served as a Deputy Minister of Defense in the years 2005-2006.
In March 2006, Sikharulidze was appointed the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Georgia to the United States, Canada and Mexico. He was recalled in December 2008 to replace, as the Minister of Defense of Georgia, Davit Kezerashvili, whose conduct during the August 2008 war with Russia had been criticized by the opposition. Sikharulidze held the post for eight months, overseeing the rebuilding of Georgia's shattered military after the war. On August 27, 2009, he was replaced with deputy Bacho Akhalaia, a close ally of President Mikheil Saakashvili and influential Interior Minister Vano Merabishvili, a decision subjected by the opposition to criticism. Sikharulidze was moved to the post of President's foreign policy advisor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20726857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726857" title="Lars Jorde">
Lars Jorde

Lars Jorde (1865 - 1939) was a Norwegian painter.
He was born in Vang, but eventually settled in Lillehammer. He studied under Gerhard Munthe, Alfred Philippe Roll, Eilif Peterssen and Harriet Backer, and Kristian Zahrtmann. He painted in different styles over the course of his career, and is represented with several works in the National Gallery of Norway.
Jorde also worked as a llustrator, illustrating Nansen and Sverdrup's "Fram over polhavet" (1897) and Andersen's "I cancelliraadens dage" (1907), among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20726862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726862" title="Digital citizen">
Digital citizen

A digital citizen refers to a person utilizing information technology (IT) in order to engage in society, politics, and government participation. K. Mossberger, et al. define digital citizens as "those who use the Internet regularly and effectively." In qualifying as a digital citizen, a person generally must have extensive skills, knowledge, and access of using the Internet through computers, mobile phones, and web-ready devices to interact with private and public organizations. (These factors naturally preclude many from becoming fully realized as ‘digital citizens’ such as people who are illiterate and those who have no viable way of accessing the Internet).
People characterizing themselves as digital citizens often use IT extensively, creating blogs, using social networks, and participating in web journalism sites. Although digital citizenship potentially begins when any child, teen, and/or adult signs up for an email address, posts pictures online, uses e-commerce to buy merchandise online, and/or participates in "any" electronic function that is B2C or B2B, the process of becoming a digital citizen goes beyond simple Internet activity. In the framework of T.H. Marshall’s perspective on citizenship’s three traditions (liberalism, republicanism, and ascriptive hierarchy), digital citizenry can occur alongside the promotion of equal economic opportunity, as well as increased political participation and civic duty. Digital citizenship eliminates exclusionary elements of ascriptive hierarchy in that the Internet does not exclude those wish to participate in its realm based on race, religion, or class – elements previously used to exclude people from even becoming traditional citizens. 
Highly developed states possess the capacity to link their respective governments with digital sites. Such sites function in ways such as illuminating recent legislation, educating current and future policy objectives, lending agency toward political candidates, and allowing citizens to voice themselves in a political way. Likewise, the generation of these sites has been linked to increased voting advocacy. Lack of access toward becoming a digital citizen can be a serious drawback, since many elementary procedures such as tax reports filing, birth registration, and use of Web sites to support candidates in political campaigns (E-democracy) etc. have been transferred to only be available via the Internet. Furthermore, many cultural and commercial entities only publicize information on web pages. Non-digital citizens will not be able to retrieve this information and this may lead to social isolation or economic stagnation. The gap between digital citizens and non-digital citizens is often referred to as the digital divide. Currently, the digital divide is a subject of academic debate as access to the Internet has increased, but the place in which the Internet is accessed (work, home, public library, etc.) has a significant effect on how such access will be utilized, if even in a manner related to citizenry. Recent scholarship has correlated the desire to be technologically proficient with greater belief in computer access equity, and thus, digital citizenship (Shelley, et al.).
In developing countries digital citizens are sparser. They consist of the people in such countries who utilize technology to overcome their localized obstacles including development issues, corruption, and even military conflict. An examples of such citizens are African nationals using mobile phones where landlines and infrastructure are weak, political activists in the Middle-East such as during the Egyptian Revolution.
Participation.
The development of digital citizen participation can be divided into two main stages: information dissemination and citizen deliberation.
Information Dissemination
Brian And Alan: Static information Dissemination is based on read-only web sites including Information Portal Sites and Links to Related Web Sites.
Dynamic: As dynamic information dissemination means active Two-way communication and consultant services it includes the acquisition of information by E-Mail requests (question-answer dialogue), Newsletters or Newsgroups and E-mail lists. 
Citizen Deliberation
Static: Usually, Static Deliberation includes the following kinds of participation Online Poll, Bulletin Board (for both complaints and recommendations).
Example: “Dorris recalls that during the unprecedented weeklong federal government shutdown from a blizzard in the Washington, D.C., area in 2010, the Web manager group collaborated to use its websites and the GSA-owned portal, USA.gov, to inform citizens about which federal offices were closed and which were still operating”.
Dynamic: Dynamic Deliberation takes place in the public sphere for example Digital Forums, Online Voting with Deliberation.
Mike Ribble runs a website dedicated to describing digital citizenship in all its meaning. Through his teachings at the high school and university graduate level, and through the culmination of a dissertation specifically engaged with digital citizenry, he has compiled a list of nine elements comprising digital citizenship, including digital: access, commerce, communication, literacy, etiquette, law, rights and responsibilities, health and wellness, and security. (http://www.digitalcitizenship.net/Home_Page.html).
Engagement of youth.
A recent survey revealed that teenager and young adults spend more time on the Internet than watching TV.
Digital youth can be generally viewed as the test market for the next generation’s digital content and services. Sites such as MySpace and Facebook have come to the fore in sites where youth participate and engage with others on the Internet. Vast amounts of money are spent annually to research the demographic by hiring psychologists, sociologists and anthropologists in order to discover habits, values and fields of interest
Particularly in the United States, “Social media use has become so pervasive in the lives of American teens that having a presence on a social network is almost synonymous with being online; 95% of all teens ages 12-17 are now online and 80% of those online teens are users of social media sites”. However, movements such as these appear to benefit strictly those wishing to advocate for their business towards youth. The critical time when young people are developing their civic identities is between the ages 15–22. During this time they develop three attributes: civic literacy, civic skills and civic attachment that comprise civic engagement later reflected in political actions of their adult lives.
An open Internet as delegated by a state’s government is necessary to instill a sense of trust, legitimacy, and participation in the state’s citizenry. WikiLeaks represents an occurrence where particular political actors have criticized and taken citizen action toward revealing the government’s unnecessary clandestine activity online. “The benefit of transparency isn’t just catching red-handed bastards. It’s also about collaborating and coming together with a more engaged citizenry.” 
The Internet is a reading-intensive medium that may challenge full access and participation to youth. For youth to fully participate and realize their presence on the Internet, a quality level of reading comprehension is required. “The average government Web site, for examples, requires an eleventh-grade level of reading comprehension, even though about half of the U.S. population reads at an eighth-grade level or lower”. So despite the Internet being a place irrespective of certain factors such as race, religion, and class, education plays a large part in a person’s capacity to present themselves online in a formal manner conducive towards their citizenry. Concurrently, education also affects people’s motivation to participate online.

</doc>
<doc id="20726906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726906" title="Preference theory">
Preference theory

Preference theory is a multidisciplinary (mainly sociological) theory developed by Catherine Hakim. It seeks both to explain and predict women's choices regarding investment in productive or reproductive work.
The theory sets out five socio-economic conditions which jointly create a new scenario:
Preference theory posits that in the rare countries that have fully achieved the new scenario for women (she cites only Britain and the Netherlands), women have genuine choices as to how they resolve the conflict between paid jobs and a major investment in family life. These choices fall into three main groups: women who prioritise their careers and espouse achievement values (a work-centred lifestyle) and often remain childless by choice (about 20%); women who prioritise family life and sharing values (a home-centred lifestyle) and often have many children and little paid work (about 20%); and the majority of women who seek to combine paid jobs and family work in some way without giving absolute priority to either activity or the accompanying values (the adaptive lifestyle). 
Catherine Hakim carried out two national surveys, in Britain and Spain, to test the theory, and showed that questions eliciting personal preferences can strongly predict women's employment decisions and fertility. In contrast, women's behaviour did not predict their attitudes, showing that lifestyle preferences are not "post hoc" rationalisations. 
This study also showed that other sex-role attitudes do not have the same impact on women's behaviour; notably, the patriarchal values measured by most social surveys, including the European Social Survey, have virtually no impact on women's personal choices and behaviour.
Criticism.
Hakim’s preference theory has attracted great interest in the literature, but also considerable criticism. The main criticism is that it does not demonstrate causality, that the observed preferences causes changes in fertility patterns, and that it has been suggested that actual fertility may change values and preferences. It has also been suggested that the observed effect of lifestyle preferences on achieved fertility may absorbed by other factors when controlled for. A follow-up study "found that Hakim’s typology does not work well in the Czech Republic", that there were no important differences in fertility between the three groups in that country. A second follow-up study, surveying eleven European countries, found support for the theory in only two countries (Britain and Denmark).

</doc>
<doc id="20726909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726909" title="Battle of Dol">
Battle of Dol

The Battle of Dol was a succession of battles in the war in the Vendée. They lasted three days and two nights from 20 to 22 November 1793 around Dol-de-Bretagne, Pontorson and Antrain.

</doc>
<doc id="20726912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726912" title="Departmental Reorganization Act">
Departmental Reorganization Act

The Departmental Reorganization Act (, May 20, 1918), also known as the Overman Act, was an American law that increased presidential power during World War I. Sponsored by Sen. Lee S. Overman, a Democrat from North Carolina, it gave President Woodrow Wilson sweeping powers to reorganize government agencies "during the continuance of the present war and for six months after the termination of the war by the proclamation of the treaty of peace, or at such earlier time as the President may designate." (40 Stat. 556) With its authority, Wilson created the War Industries Board, the National War Labor Board, and the Committee on Public Information.
War Industries Board (WIB).
Established by the Council of National Defense under Wall Street broker and Democratic Party activist Bernard M. Baruch, it regulated much of the economy, setting production priorities for factories, and establishing centralized control over raw materials and prices. Mass production techniques were implemented in heavy industry to increase efficiency. The WIB required products to be standardized. It also conducted psychological testing to help people find suitable jobs. The WIB also dealt with labor-management disputes resulting from increased demand by freezing wages and forbidding strikes. With WIB direction, industrial output in the United States increased 20%. The downside, however, was soaring retail prices. Many large industrial firms resisted Baruch’s tight-armed tactics, especially U.S. Steel then headed by Elbert Gary. U.S. Steel made enormous wartime profits. Between 1915 and 1919, those profits equaled the wages received by the 2 million U.S. soldiers in France combined. Baruch threatened to take over U.S. Steel unless the company agreed to lower its prices. Gary sneeringly said that the government wasn’t capable of running the company. Baruch replied that he would get a 2nd Lieutenant to do the job. “"But that won’t trouble you very much",” he added. “"If those mill towns find out why we’ve taken over, they’ll present you with your mills -- brick by brick".” – Gary agreed to lower the prices. At WIB suggestion, the Treasury Department sponsored the selling of Treasury Bonds, called the “Liberty Loan Drives.” Such drives were pushed for by the War Finance Corporation (WFC) under Eugene Meyer. Popular actors and actresses like Charlie Chaplin, ”the little tramp,” Douglas Fairbanks, Mary Pickford, ”America’s Sweetheart,” and Sarah Bernhardt publicly campaigned for people to buy them. The campaign raised the then astronomical sum of $21 Billion. Secretary of the Treasury McAdoo even said of the bond drive: “"Every person who refuses to subscribe…is a friend of Germany and is not entitled to be an American citizen"” and “"A man who can’t lend his government $1.25 per week at a rate of 4% interest is not entitled to be an American citizen".” Another popular slogan was “Lick a stamp, and Lick the Kaiser.”
National War Labor Board (NWLB).
Under former President William Howard Taft and Frank P. Walsh, it arbitrated disputes between labor and employers for the sake of the war effort and national unity. The slogan was “Labor will win the War.” Contrary to the phrase’s patriotic spirit, however, the War Department established the “work or fight” rule in 1918 which threatened any unemployed male with being immediately drafted. In response, union membership soared from 2.5 million in 1916 to more than 4 million people by 1919, with more than 6,000 strikes breaking out in wartime in protest against stagnant wages at a time of rising prices.
Committee on Public Information (CPI).
Under George Creel, it was the nation’s first propaganda agency. It made sure that all communication, either through art, newspapers, cartoons, or sculpture, did not exhibit anti-government tendencies or statements. Numerous silent propaganda movies were made, with such titles as “The Kaiser,” “The Beast of Berlin,” “To Hell With the Kaiser,” “The Claws of the Hun,” and “The Prussian Cur.” The massive propaganda campaign included 75,000 “Four-Minute Men” who gave four-minute speeches to drum up enthusiasm for the war effort. The speeches were on such topics as “Why We Are Fighting,” “Maintaining Morals and Morale,” and “The Meaning of America.” By war’s end, 7.5 million speeches had been made to 314 million listeners—Creel created the Division of Pictorial Publicity to spearhead official war propaganda art. He asked Charles Dana Gibson, the creator of the “Gibson Girl” image and who was America's most popular illustrator, to assemble a group of artists to help design posters for the government. Famous illustrators such as James Montgomery Flagg, Joseph Pennell, Louis D. Fancher, and N.C. Wyeth were brought together to produce some of World War I's most lasting images. Flagg drew and painted the “Uncle Sam” image saying “I Want You for the U.S. Army.” Seven million pamphlets entitled “How the War Came To America” were distributed as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20726923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726923" title="LSWR T6 class">
LSWR T6 class

The LSWR T6 class was a class of express passenger 4-4-0 steam locomotives designed for the London and South Western Railway by William Adams. Ten were constructed at Nine Elms Locomotive Works between 1885–1886.
The class were numbered 677–686, and were a development of the X2 class, based on experience gained with the locomotives in traffic. The boiler was based on that used in the T3 class, and shared the main dimensions.
All passed to the Southern Railway at the grouping in 1923. Withdrawals started in 1933, and by the end of 1937 only two remained. No. 684 went in 1940, and the last, 681 was retired in April 1943. All were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20726940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726940" title="Southern Cross Aviation SC-1">
Southern Cross Aviation SC-1

The Southern Cross SC-1 was an Australian civil aircraft.
Design and development.
During the late 1950s and early 1960s several Australian companies made attempts to launch light aircraft production in Australia. Victa – a company well known for the lawn mowers which featured prominently during the Sydney 2000 Olympic closing ceremony – tooled up to produce their Airtourer and Fawcett Aviation designed and flew a single prototype of their high-wing Fawcett 120. Another development during this period was carried out by the Toowoomba Foundry, an agricultural equipment manufacturer based in Toowoomba, located west of Brisbane in southeastern Queensland. In 1957 Toowoomba Foundries set up a new division, Southern Cross Aviation Limited, with the intention of designing and constructing a new 4-place training and touring plane. Land was purchased by Southern Cross Aviation adjacent to Toowoomba airport, but due to council planning delays, design work was commenced in a section of Toowoomba Foundry's existing factory. An experienced designer, Newton Hodgekiss, joined the team, responsible for design and drafting of the new aircraft. Hodgekiss had worked at the UK firm Handley Page for seven years, during which he had been a member of the design team for the Victor B.1 bomber.
Construction of the prototype commenced in mid 1959, and the SC1 rolled out for its first taxiing trials in February 1961. The first flight took place on March 1, 1961, with an "unofficial" circuit of the airfield. The "official" first flight took place the following day, with a total of 60 minutes in the air. A total of 25 hours of flight testing was undertaken - all in the hands of one pilot, R.J. Trousdell - before Southern Cross Aviation took the decision to cancel testing. This was due to the economic recession during the early 60s, as well as stiff competition from Cessna and Piper importers, which would have required SCAL to market the SC1 at a price level which doomed the economics of the project. The SC1 was found to perform very well in the air, its only vice being heavy aileron control. In later test flights the undercarriage was retracted (using a manual system), and the prototype was felt to be very pleasant to fly. In fact the undercarriage used on the SC1 outlasted it by many years, as the same trailing link rubber sprung units were installed on the Transavia PL-12 Airtruk agricultural aircraft. The prototype's good performance was partly due to its small frontal area, a feature which would have been sacrificed on production aircraft, as the cockpit was found to be too narrow for practical purposes and would need to be widened to gain useful elbow room.
Powered by a 180 hp Lycoming O-360-AIA four cylinder engine, the SC1 cruised at 160 mph and had a range of 740 miles fully loaded. The fuselage was of all-metal construction, apart from the fibreglass engine cowling. The wing was also all-metal apart from fibreglass tip fairings, and featured fowler-type flaps on the inner sections and slotted NACA flaps on the outer sections. The outer wing sections were designed to be removable for storage, as well as being capable of carrying wing-tip tanks. The airframe was designed to handle engines up to 260 hp, and was fully stressed for aerobatics.
Following the cancellation of flight testing, the prototype was placed in storage in Toowoomba, where it languished before being recovered by a group of enthusiasts from the Australian Aircraft Restoration Group (who run Moorabbin Aircraft Museum in Melbourne) in January 1970. The sole prototype was shipped to Melbourne (minus its engine and propeller) and was placed in outdoor storage where it suffered the ravages of weather and time until being dismantled and moved indoors, where it was stored for several years before shipping to the Museum of Australian Army Flying at Oakey, Queensland for restoration to its original state.
During its short flying career, the SC1 remained unpainted apart from the engine cowling and wing tips. These were both moulded from fibreglass and painted white. The cowling was also painted black on top in front of the windscreen to reduce glare. A non-slip walkway was painted on the upper surface of the wing adjacent to the cockpit entry doors. The inside of the clear canopy glazing over the pilot's head was also painted white. The aircraft was never placed onto the Australian register, but it wore the radio callsign VH-SCA on the upper starboard wing, lower port wing and either side of the tail fin. At some point during its subsequent storage and later display at Moorabbin Aircraft Museum, the aircraft was painted white overall, with two different variations of orange and black trim. There may be two explanations for this coat of paint. On outdoor display at the museum, the airframe would need protection from the harsh Australian environment – hence the coat of paint. Alternatively, there was a rumored attempt to interest Ansett Airlines in the SC1 as a basic trainer for their pilots. At that time, Ansett Airlines aircraft featured the same white, orange and black trim that appeared on the SC1.

</doc>
<doc id="20726950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726950" title="Raluca Ioniță">
Raluca Ioniță

Raluca Ioniţǎ (born 9 June 1976 in Ploieşti) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s (decade). Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the K-4 500 m event at Sydney in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20726958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726958" title="Tony Skeggs">
Tony Skeggs

Tony Skeggs (born 16 March 1972) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Croydon.
Skeggs, who played for Hertfordshire in the MCCA Trophy and the Minor Counties Championship between 1994 and 2007, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the C&G Trophy in August 2003. Skeggs scored 3 runs and took figures of 0-83 from eight overs.
Skeggs was a middle order batsman and a frequent bowler. Skeggs' brother, Ryan, also played Minor Counties cricket for Hertfordshire in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20726960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726960" title="Tom Cranston">
Tom Cranston

Tom "The Cranman" Cranston (born 21 November 1983) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Aylesbury.
Cranston, also referred to as the "pickle", made his only List A appearance for the team in the C&G Trophy in August 2001. He played three games in the Minor Counties Championship in the 2002 season.
Since 2004, Cranston has played for Letchworth in the Cockspur Cup.
Tom is now working for Hays Finance Technology, recruiting Infrastructure professionals left, right and centre. 

</doc>
<doc id="20726984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726984" title="Claude Ursule Gency">
Claude Ursule Gency

Claude-Ursule Gency (13 June 1765, Meulan - 6 January 1845) was a French general of the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="20726990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726990" title="Mlaka, Komenda">
Mlaka, Komenda

Mlaka is a settlement in the Municipality of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20726997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726997" title="Mariana Limbău">
Mariana Limbău

Mariana Limbǎu (born August 25, 1977) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s. She won a bronze medal in the K-4 500 m event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. 

</doc>
<doc id="20726998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726998" title="Heinz Manchen">
Heinz Manchen

Heinz Joachim Manchen (born May 2, 1931) is a German rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the silver medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20727009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727009" title="Toshio Matsuura">
Toshio Matsuura

Toshio Matsuura (born November 20, 1955 in Yokohama, Japan) is a former Japanese football player and manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20727024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727024" title="Elena Radu">
Elena Radu

Elena Radu (born March 24, 1975) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s. She won a bronze medal in the K-4 500 m event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. 

</doc>
<doc id="20727027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727027" title="Helmut Heinhold">
Helmut Heinhold

Helmut Heinhold (born July 1, 1927) is a German rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the German boat which won the silver medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20727051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727051" title="Pierre Quantin">
Pierre Quantin

Pierre Quantin (born in Fervaques, Calvados, 19 June 1759 - died 7 February 1824) was a French general. Quantin attained the rank of general de brigade in July 1796 and was promoted to general de division the next month. He retired in 1811 after service in the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.
Life.
Before the French Revolution he served in the naval artillery, abandoning it for the army artillery. In 1792 he was made captain of the canonniers of the 3rd bataillon du Calvados and rapidly rose through the ranks. In 1795 he had already become a général de division and served under general Gabriel Marie Joseph d'Hédouville, chef d’état-major général of the armée des côtes de Brest, then under general Lazare Hoche in the War in the Vendée. His principles were shared with those two generals - to shed as little French blood as much as possible, to employ persuasion to reconcile hostile figures and to intimidate by examples of severity. 
General Quantin left the Véndée in 1797 to take up command of the 9th division at Nîmes. A year later he passed to the 8th division and moved to Aix, the main town in the area. Most citizens abstained from attending the primaries and for some there was a disgust for assisting in these assemblies, which were always live discussions that degenerated into acts of violence, whereas others were indifferent or convinced these elections were useless as the executive could override them at will. General Quantin addressed the subject, in the name of the French Directory, in a proclamation instructing the province's inhabitants to come to all these assemblies and to contribute their votes. Even so, what was done at these meetings continued to seem pointless to the Directory and it annulled electoral operations that same year, despite the most scrupulous observation of its regulatory decisions.
In year 10 (1801–02) he was called to join the Saint-Domingue expedition, commanded by general Charles Victor Emmanuel Leclerc, but returned to France in year 11 (1802–03) after Leclerc's death. He was given the cross of the Légion d'honneur in year 12 (1804) and was made a commander of the order on 14 June 1804. He then held the command of Belle-Île-en-Mer for many years, heading several public works which made that port almost impregnable, but was removed from it in disgrace (though the causes of that disgrace remain unclear). He thus successfully requested to retire in 1811.

</doc>
<doc id="20727056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727056" title="Polytetrahydrofuran">
Polytetrahydrofuran

Polytetrahydrofuran, also called poly(tetramethylene ether) glycol or poly(tetramethylene oxide), is a chemical compound with formula ()"n"(OH)2 or HO-(-(CH2)4O-)"n"-OH. It can be viewed as a polymer of tetrahydrofuran, or as the polyether derived from 1,4-butanediol. 
The product is commercially available as polymers of low average molecular weights, between 250 and 3000 daltons In this form it is a white waxy solid that melts between 20 and 30 °C. The commercial product can be processed further into polymers with molecular weights of 40,000 and higher.
The product is sold under various trade names including Terathane from Invista and PolyTHF from BASF. The BASF plant in Ludwigshafen at one point was producing 250,000 metric tons per year.
Applications.
The main use of polytetrahydrofuran is to make elastic fibers such as spandex (elastan) for stretchable fabrics and for polyurethane resins. The latter are polyurethane prepolymers dissolved in solvent. They are used in the manufacture of artificial leather. These elastomers are either polyurethanes made by reacting PTMEG with diisocyanates, or polyesters made by reacting PTMEG with diacids or their derivatives. 
The polymer is also a starting material for thermoplastic polyurethane, thermoplastic polyesters, polyetheramide and cast polyurethane elastomers, used for instance in the wheels of roller skates and skateboards.
Synthesis.
Polytetrahydrofuran is commonly prepared by acid-catalyzed polymerization of tetrahydrofuran. The starting material is natural gas, which is converted to acetylene, then reacted with formaldehyde to make butynediol and then butanediol. The latter is turned into tetrahydrofuran by action of a catalyst and then polymerized.

</doc>
<doc id="20727063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727063" title="Helmut Noll">
Helmut Noll

Helmut Noll (born June 23, 1929) is a German rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. In 1952, he was the coxswain of the German boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20727069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727069" title="Sanda Toma (canoeist)">
Sanda Toma (canoeist)

Sanda Toma (born March 17, 1970) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade). Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the K-4 500 m event at Sydney in 2000.
Toma also won a bronze medal in the K-2 5000 m event at the 1993 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="20727088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727088" title="Emmanuel Touaboy">
Emmanuel Touaboy

Emmanuel Touaboy is a diplomat from the Central African Republic. Touaboy was appointed to the position of Ambassador to the United States in February 2001 by President Ange-Félix Patassé. When Patassé was overthrown by rebel leader François Bozizé, Touaboy maintained his post in the United States. He was succeeded by Stanislas Moussa-Kembe in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="20727096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727096" title="Zaczarowany ołówek">
Zaczarowany ołówek

Zaczarowany ołówek ("Enchanted Pencil") is a Polish cartoon from 1964-1976 made by Se-ma-for.
The serial had no dialogues. It tells a story of a boy named Piotr and his dog, aided by an enchanted pencil, which can materialize anything they draw. The 26 episodes have no linking story, but the last few are centered around heroes quest to save a shipwrecked refugee. There were 31 episodes total, and the episodes 27-31 were remade into a movie in 1991.
Script: Adam Ochocki
Art: Karol Baraniecki
Music: Zbigniew Czernelecki and Waldemar Kazanecki

</doc>
<doc id="20727127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727127" title="3rd Liberty Loan Act">
3rd Liberty Loan Act

The Third Liberty Loan Act was a liberty bond sold during World War I that helped cover the war expenses of the United States. These bonds were loans taken by the US Government in which they would pay the money the citizens spent on the loan back in the future. There were two previous loan acts The Liberty Loan Act and The Second Liberty Loan Act, each giving more and more money to the US Government to fund the war. The Third Liberty Loan Act was enacted on April 5, 1918. The third act specifically allowed the US government to issue $3 billion worth of war bonds at a rate of 4.5% interest for up to 10 years with an individual aggregate limit of $45,000. The bonds produced by the Third Liberty Loan Act were not redeemable until September 15, 1928.
The Third Liberty Loan Act was an amendment to the previous two Liberty Loan acts. The first Liberty Loan have been enacted on April 24, 1917 and issued $5 billion in bonds at a 3.5 percent interest rate. However, this loan was not sufficient to support the United States presence in the war. The second act was put into place on October 1, 1917 only a few months after the first. This time the loan allowed for an additional $3 billion in bonds at a 4 percent interest rate. The third loan was still insufficient and a fourth act was created on September 28, 1918 which allowed for an even higher amount - $6 billion at 4.25 percent interest rate.
These bonds were primarily sold by the boy and girl scouts. The most famous of bonds poster depicted a boy scout handing a sword the lady liberty that is suited for battle. The scouts ended up selling 2,328,308 liberty bonds between 1917 and 1918. This totaled $354,859,262 that the government owed to the people of the United States. This totaled $43,043,698 toward the Allied forces.
The expenses covered by these loans included weaponry such as rifles, mustard gas and grenades, medical and surgical supplies, as well as vehicles. Firearms purchased by this war bond included the M1903 Springfield rifle as well as the Maxim machine gun.
Though the liberty loans were to be used only to fund the war they are still used to this day to fund matters of extreme cost. The most recent use was in 2001 to offset the cost of rebuilding the areas affected by the terrorist attacks. 

</doc>
<doc id="20727129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727129" title="Svend Ove Petersen">
Svend Ove Petersen

Svend Ove Pedersen (October 31, 1920 – August 3, 2009) was a Danish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Frederiksværk and was the father of Egon Pedersen.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Danish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20727130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727130" title="Sanda Toma">
Sanda Toma

Sanda Toma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20727138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727138" title="Alex Halberstadt">
Alex Halberstadt

Alex Halberstadt (born in 1970 in Moscow) is an American writer, noted in particular for his biography of Doc Pomus.
He came to the United States as a child in 1980.
He graduated from Oberlin College in 1992, and for some time worked at NYANA, a refugee resettlement agency in New York City (his co-workers there included Todd Solondz, Gary Shteyngart, Alexander Gelman and Roman Turovsky).
Alex Halberstadt’s writings have appeared in the New York Times, Washington Post, GQ, Los Angeles Times, Salon, the Oxford American, and elsewhere. He lives in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20727148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727148" title="Poul Svendsen">
Poul Svendsen

Poul Verner Svendsen (born 21 April 1927) is a Danish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Danish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20727164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727164" title="U.S. Route 421 in Indiana">
U.S. Route 421 in Indiana

U.S. Route 421 (US 421) enters Indiana from Kentucky, proceeding northwest to Indianapolis, joining Interstate 465, and then continuing northwest to Michigan City.
US 421 winds through the southern part of Indiana as it runs from Madison, in the southeastern part of the state, to Indianapolis (the capital). North of Greensburg, US 421 intersects and merges with I-74 west, through the Shelbyville area en route to Indianapolis. Originally, US 421 followed Southeastern Ave. into downtown Indianapolis, where it merged with US 40 (Washington St.) to West Street, then turned north, following West Street, Northwestern Avenue (later Martin Luther King Jr. Street), and Michigan Road up to the northwest side of the city. US 421 passed am Indianapolis landmark, the Pyramids. North of Indianapolis, US 421 continues to the north-northwest, providing a direct highway link between Indianapolis and Michigan City. US 421 ends at its junction with US 20 on the south side of Michigan City. Originally, the highway's end was a few miles north at the junction with US 12 near the shores of Lake Michigan.
Route description.
Madison to Indianapolis.
US 421 enters Indiana from Kentucky over the Ohio River. After crossing the Ohio River US 421 has a short concurrency with State Road 56 (SR 56). After the concurrency with SR 56 ends US 421 becomes a four-lane highway. US 421 has an intersection with State Road 62 (SR 62). North of Madison US 421 becomes a two-lane highway, heading north then northeast. US 421 heads towards Versailles, passing through an intersection with State Road 250 (SR 250). In Versailles US 421 has a concurrency with State Road 129 that ends at U.S. Route 50 (US 50). US 421 heads west out of Versailles concurrenct with US 50. West of Varsailles US 421 heads northwest, towards Greensburg. US 421 passes through Osgood and Napoleon, passing through intersections with State Road 350 (SR 350) and State Road 48 (SR 48). US 421 enters Greensburg on the southeast side of town and heads to the northwest side of town. In Greensburg US 421 is concurrent with State Road 46 (SR 46) and intersects State Road 3 (SR 3). On the northwest side of Greensburg US 421 joins Interstate 74 (I-74). I-74/US 421 heads northwest towards Indianapolis, passing near Shelbyville. Near Shelbyville I-74/US 421 has interchanges with State Road 44 (SR 44) and State Road 9 (SR 9). I-74/US 421 enters Indianapolis on the southeast side of the city. US 421 heads north and west around Indianapolis, concurrenct with Interstate 465.
Indianapolis to Michigan City.
US 421 is concurrent with I-465, until the northwest side of the city. US 421 leaves I-465 heading northwest. US 421 becomes a two-lane highway, heading through intersections with State Road 32 (SR 32), State Road 47 (SR 47), State Road 38 (SR 38), and State Road 29 (SR 29), and has a concurrency with State Road 28 (SR 28). US 421 and SR 28 enter Frankfort heading west; the concurrency ends when US 421 heads north concurrenct with State Road 38 (SR 38) and State Road 39 (SR 39). US 421/SR 38/SR 39 heads northwest out of Frankfort, and later SR 38 heads due west. US 421/SR 39 heads northwest towards Delphi passing through an intersection with State Road 26 (SR 26). In Delphi US 421/SR 39 are concurrenct with State Road 25 (SR 25). US 421/SR 39 heads northwest out of Delphi passing through Pittsburg. West of Pittsburg US 421/SR 39 heads due north towards Monticello. In Monticello the concurrency with SR 39 ends with SR 39 heading east on U.S. Route 24 and US 421 heading west on US 24. US 24/US 421 heads north towards Reynolds, where US 24 heads west and US 421 heads due north. US 421 heads north towards Michigan City, passing through Monon, Wanatah, and Westville. US 421 has intersections with State Road 16 (SR 16), State Road 114 (SR 114), State Road 143 (SR 143), State Road 8 (SR 8), and U.S. Route 30 (US 30). US 421 has concurrency with State Road 14 (SR 14), State Road 10 (SR 10), U.S. Route 6 (US 6), and State Road 2 (SR 2). US 421 has interchanges with Interstate 80/Interstate 90 and Interstate 94. US 421's northern terminus is at U.S. Route 20 (US 20) in Michigan City.
History.
Before US 421 was commissioned in Indiana, the route from Madison to Boyleston was SR 29. This is why SR 129 and State Road 229 (SR 229) have concurrency or terminus at US 421. US 421 from Reynolds to Michigan City was originally State Road 43 (SR 43). This is the reason for SR 143 having its eastern terminus at US 421.
Madison.
US 421 passed through downtown Madison and headed northwest out of Madison. A new route was built east of the old route. The old route was designated State Road 107 until it was decommissioned.
Indianapolis.
US 421 entered Indianapolis on the southeast side of the city and went through downtown. US 421 was routed on Southeastern Avenue, Washington Street, Northwestern Avenue (now Martin Luther King Jr. Street), and Michigan Road.
Michigan City.
US 421 went through Michigan City to U.S. Route 12 (US 12) near Lake Michigan. Then INDOT moved the northern terminus of US 421 south to US 20, on the south side of Michigan City.

</doc>
<doc id="20727167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727167" title="Jørgen Frantzen">
Jørgen Frantzen

Jørgen Nagel Frantzen (born May 9, 1935) is a Danish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Holbæk.
In 1952 he was the coxswain of the Danish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20727185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727185" title="Bangpakok Wittayakom School">
Bangpakok Wittayakom School

"Bangpakok Wittayakom School" () is a public school located in Bangkok, Thailand. The school admits secondary students, grades 7 to 12, aged 11–18. The previous name of this school is 'Mattayom Wat Bangpakok School'.
The school won the ASEAN quiz, organised by the Thai Ministry of Foreign Affairs to commemorate ASEAN’s 41st Anniversary, on 8 August 2008.
Curriculum.
The major programmes at Upper Secondary level include:

</doc>
<doc id="20727209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727209" title="Moste, Komenda">
Moste, Komenda

Moste is a settlement in the Municipality of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Sebastian. It was severely damaged in the 1895 Ljubljana earthquake and was entirely repaired and repainted. More recently, restoration work was again undertaken between 1995 and 1996, when new stained glass windows were added.

</doc>
<doc id="20727224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727224" title="The Troublemaker (album)">
The Troublemaker (album)

The Troublemaker is a gospel album by country singer and song-writer Willie Nelson. When Nelson refused to sign an early extension of his contract with RCA in 1972, the label decided not to release any further recordings. Nelson hired Neil Rashen as his manager, and while Rashen negotiated with RCA, Nelson moved to Austin, Texas, where the ongoing hippie music scene at the Armadillo World Headquarters renewed his musical style. In Nashville, Nelson met producer Jerry Wexler, vice president of Atlantic Records, who was interested in his music. Rashen solved the problems with RCA and signed Nelson with Atlantic Records as their first country music artist.
Produced by Arif Mardin, the album was recorded in two days at the Atlantic Records studio in New York City in February 1972. Nelson and his usual backup musicians were joined by Doug Sahm and his band. The release of the album was cancelled by Atlantic Records, that decided that the album was not right for the label. After Atlantic closed its experimental country music division, Nelson signed a contract with Columbia Records that gave him total creative control. After the critical and commercial success of "Red Headed Stranger", the label published "The Troublemaker" in 1976. Its release had a good reception by the critics, while it charted on "Billboard's" Top Country Albums and on "Bilboard 200", at number one and sixty respectively. The single "Uncloudy Day" charted at number four on "Billboard's" Hot Country Singles.
Background & recording.
In April 1972, after Nelson recorded "Mountain Dew", his final RCA single, the label requested that he renew his contract ahead of schedule, with the implication that RCA would not release any further recordings if he did not sign. Neil Rashen, who Nelson hired as his manager to negotiate with the label, got RCA to agree to end the contract upon repayment of US$1,400 that Nelson had been overpaid. At the same time, Nelson had moved to Austin, Texas, to take a short break. Austin's burgeoning hippie music scene at venues like Armadillo World Headquarters rejuvenated the singer. His popularity in Austin soared as he played his own brand of music that was a blend of country, folk, and jazz influences.
During a trip to Nashville, Tennessee, Nelson attended a party in Harlan Howard's house, where he sang the songs that he had written for the album "Phases and Stages". Another guest was Atlantic Records vice-president Jerry Wexler, who previously had produced works for artists such as Ray Charles and Aretha Franklin. Wexler was interested in Nelson's music, so when Atlantic opened a country music division of their label, he offered Nelson a contract that gave him more creative control than his deal with RCA. When Nelson was released from his RCA contract, he signed with Atlantic for US$25,000 per year, becoming the label's first country artist.
The recording sessions took place in February 1973, Wexler provided Nelson and his band with a studio in New York City, where the recordings were produced by Arif Mardin. Nelson began with "The Troublemaker", a repertoire of classic gospel songs, recorded in a honky-tonk style. Nelson called in his sister Bobbie to play the piano, while Doug Sahm and his band also were part of the sessions. The recording consumed two days, after finishing the songs for "The Troublemaker", Nelson recorded during the same sessions the album "Shotgun Willie".
Release and reception.
The release of the album was cancelled when Atlantic Records felt that the album was not right for the label, that later closed its experimental country music division. It was later released by Columbia Records in 1976. Nelson signed a contract with the label that gave him total creative control, the release was as well leveraged by the critic and sales success of his 1975 album "Red Headed Stranger". Upon its release, the album peaked at number one on "Billboard's" Top Country Albums and at number sixty on the "Bilboard 200". Meanwhile, the single "Uncloudy Day" peaked at number four on "Billboard's" Hot Country Singles.
"Billboard" delivered a favorable review, describing the album as a "powerful LP, that is often lively and uptempo". Meanwhile, "Stereo Review felt that Nelson "hit it right on the button with his honky-tonk instrumentation". 
"Rolling Stone" favored the album, while attributed its success to the its link with the at the time ongoing Outlaw movement. Stephen Thomas Erlewine rated the album with four-and-a-half stars out of five. He praised the interpretation of the gospel standards with a musicalization similar to Nelson's previous releases, and the selection of the songs that according to the reviewer gave the album a "unique, fresh feel".
Personnel.
The recording session featured:

</doc>
<doc id="20727235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727235" title="Andrzej Supron">
Andrzej Supron

Andrzej Supron (born October 22, 1952 in Warsaw) is a Polish wrestler (Greco-Roman style).

</doc>
<doc id="20727238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727238" title="Charles H. Tracy">
Charles H. Tracy

Charles H. Tracy (October 3, 1833 - September 13, 1911) was an infantry soldier who received the Medal of Honor while serving in the Union Army during the American Civil War for two acts of bravery.
Early life.
Tracy was born the son of Albert Tracy and Mrs. Harriet Birch Tracy on October 3, 1833 in Jewett City, Connecticut. After leaving school he learned the machinist trade. He married Mary Elisabeth Corbin in Upton, Massachusetts on December 27, 1853. Around 1853, the couple moved to Chicopee, Massachusetts where they made their home until 1890. Tracy worked in the cotton mills of the Dwight Company and the Ames Manufacturing Company during this period.
Military career and associations.
In August, 1862 in Chicopee, Massachusetts, Mr. Tracy enlisted in Company A, 37th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry which was mustered into service at Pittsfield, Massachusetts on September 4, 1862. He was serving as a sergeant when he performed his first act of bravery on May 12, 1864 during the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House in Virginia.
According to Sgt. Tracy:
At the 'Bloody Angle,' Spotsylvania, May 12th, our corps, the Sixth, supported the Second in the famous charge against 's Division of the Confederate Army. During the thickest of the fight, Lieutenant Wellman was badly wounded, and I was ordered to take him to the rear. It was about a mile to the hospital, and the shot and shell came so thick and fast that it was extremely hazardous to venture across with a wounded comrade, but I succeeded in carrying out the order, and after placing the lieutenant in the hospital, I came safely back through the fire. Upon reaching my company, Lieutenant Sparks congratulated me, saying: ' Tracy, I hope you will not have to cross that field on a like errand again.' Scarcely had he finished speaking, when a ball pierced his left breast and he fell into my arms. We thought he was mortally wounded, but discovering signs of life in him, decided to take him to the hospital, without waiting for orders.
His second act of bravery occurred on April 2, 1865 during the Third Battle of Petersburg, also in Virginia.
Sgt. Tracy recounts:
At one o'clock on the morning of April 2, 1865, my regiment broke camp near Petersburg, Va., and moved up to the enemy's front. Brigade pioneers and sharpshooters were ordered to rush in advance of the brigade. The pioneers were to remove all obstacles in front of the enemy's works, while the sharpshooters covered the parapet. I was at that time detailed as sergeant of the Third Brigade pioneers, and was second in command in the assault. The part of the line we were expected to carry was made of enclosed works, connected by breastworks of great strength with outer obstructions in the form of two lines of chevaux de frise and two lines of abatis. It was impossible to take the works while the enemy defended them, unless the several lines of obstruction were first removed. As Lieutenant Shiver was wounded early in the attack the command fell on me, and in directing the removal of the first two lines of the obstructions I received a shot over my ear and one in my left side ; and while removing the third line, a bullet shattered my right knee-joint, costing me, subsequently, the loss of my leg. Supporting myself on the abatis, I gave my orders to my men, and at last had the satisfaction of seeing them carry away the obstruction, thus enabling General Edwards to rout the enemy and cut the railroad and telegraph. The flag of the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts was the first to wave over the enemy's works.
He was subsequently promoted to the rank of second lieutenant in recognition of his bravery.
He was a charter member of the Otis Chapman Post 103 of the Grand Army of the Republic of Chicopee, of which he was adjutant in 1881 and commander during the three succeeding years. In 1884, he was a member of the Department Council of Administration; and, in 1891, he transferred his membership from the Chicopee Post to Abraham Lincoln Post 11 of Charlestown. He was also a member and former president of the Thirty-Seventh Massachusetts Regiment Association.
Medal of Honor citation.
His Medal of Honor was awarded to him on November 19, 1897 with a citation that reads "At the risk of his own life, at Spotsylvania, 12 May 1864, assisted in carrying to a place of safety a wounded and helpless officer. On 2 April 1865, advanced with the pioneers, and, under heavy fire, assisted in removing 2 lines of chevaux-de-frise; was twice wounded but advanced to the third line, where he was again severely wounded, losing a leg."
Post-military life.
From 1888 to 1890 Tracy was employed at the United States arsenal in Springfield, Massachusetts. In 1890, he moved to Boston, Massachusetts and was a night watchman at the Custom House Tower for sixteen years until the spring of 1906, when he was compelled by ill health to give up active life. During his employment at the Custom House Tower, he made his home in Charlestown, Massachusetts where he was well known and highly respected. Following the death of his wife on March 6, 1905, and his retirement from the custom house, he then moved to Somerville, Massachusetts in 1907, where he lived the rest of his life until his death in 1911. The final years of his life were spent as an invalid. He spent the final ten days of his life at home in critical condition before succumbing to the effects of a stroke on September 13, 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="20727249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727249" title="Charlie Logg">
Charlie Logg

Charles "Charlie" Paul Logg, Jr. (born February 24, 1931) is an American rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Princeton, New Jersey.
In 1952 he won the gold medal with his partner Tom Price in the coxless pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20727260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727260" title="Admirals (philately)">
Admirals (philately)

In philately the Admirals are a series of definitive stamps issued by three countries of the British Commonwealth which show King George V, King of the Great Britain and the British Dominions. The stamps are referred to as "the Admirals" because King George is depicted in his Admiral of the Fleet uniform. The stamps were issued by Canada (1911–28) (Scott 104-134), New Zealand (1926) (Scott 182-184), and Rhodesia (1913–24) (Scott 119-138).
Canada 1911-31 stamp issues.
Of the three countries that issued postage stamps portraying King George in his Admiral uniform, "The Admirals", Canada by far, has issued the most examples, issuing several different series over a period of more than eighteen years.
George V succeeded Edward VII as King of England and the British Dominions on 6 May 1910, however postage stamps bearing his image were not issued until late in 1911. The ensuing period, lasting until 1928, has become one of the most studied areas of Canadian philately which is somewhat unusual because only one basic stamp design was in use. There were several reasons for this, one of which was Canada's involvement in World War I from 1914 to 1918. This resulted in a scarcity of both engravers and the basic resources and materials needed to design and print postage stamps. Changes in currency exchange rates and international postal rates after World War One resulted in the Canadian Post Office issuing new denominations, as well as a change in the stamp's colors. The unusually long issuing period required new dies and several plates to be struck, resulting in a large range of flaws and other varieties for a stamp collector to study. Philatelists have also studied "the Admirals" in great depth due to the large numbers of varieties of the stamps. 
On December 22, 1911 the first Canadian definitive stamps, the 1-cent and 2-cent denominations with a portrait of King George V, were issued and saw postal use for about 16 years, which was longer than any other definitives except for the Small Queens. The Admiral series is renowned for its multitude of re-entries and re-touches and like the Small Queen issue has the distinction of being one of the most extensively researched stamps issues by the Canadian government.
The first series of the King George V definitive stamp issues depict the monarch in profile, facing the viewers left, and were issued from 1911 to 1931 with 11 different denominations ranging from 1-cent to 1-dollar. The engraving of King George is modeled after two photographs by H. Walter Barnettby and the other by W. & D. Downey. The engraving was mastered by Robert Savage of the American Bank Note Company whose main base of operation was in New York but which also had printing facilities in Ottawa, Canada. These issues are perforated 12 x 12. The 1, 2, 3, 5, 7 and 10 cent denominations were reprinted at later dates with different colors. Every denomination of the King George V issue were printed in panes of 200 and 400 stamps and cut into and issued in sheets of 100 stamps, or in booklet form with pages of 4 or 6 stamps. They were also released in coil form with three different perforation varieties and were first released in November, 1912. The last stamp issue of this series to be released was the 2-cent carmine issue which had the unusual perforations of 12 x 8 and was issued on June 24, 1931. 
During World War I, Canada enacted the War Revenue Act of 1915. The Act created a 1¢ increase on all postage in the hopes that it would generate $8,000,000 Dollars to help with Canada's war costs. The War Tax stamp issues were released between April 15, 1915 and December 1916, the last issue being released in coil form. During World War I Canada was the first country to employ the use of "War Tax" designations on its postage stamp issues and to this end the King George V postage issue, which was already in use at this time, was modified and printed with a "War Tax" designation, with two different engraved designations on the 1 and 2 cent issues. Like the regular "Admiral" issues, the war tax stamps were printed by the American Bank Note Company.
Another type of War Tax stamp was issued with the a "War Tax" designation "overprinted" across the face of the stamp, in black or red ink. War Tax overprints were used in other capacities. War taxes were also placed on wine and spirits. To confirm the payment of this tax the Inland Revenue Department overprinted the blue 5¢ Admiral stamp with the inscription "Inland Revenue WAR TAX", overprinted diagonally in black. The olive green 20¢ and the black 50¢ stamps were also printed with the same style overprint. The 50¢ KGV issue had the overprint in red. The creation of a war tax in April on medicine and perfume provided a use for all three denominations. The overprinted War Tax stamps were not issued to pay for postage but were meant to be used to pay the tax levied on money orders. However because all the War Tax stamps did bear the inscription that read "Postage" they were showing up on mail in Post Offices across Canada. The problem with the overprints got so out of hand that the Canadian Post office terminated the use of the overprinted stamps on May 20, 1915.
On July 1, 1926 Canada's drop letter rate that had been in use since 1915 was reduced from 3s to 2¢. At this time the Canadian Post Offices still had large quantities of the red King George V 3¢ denomination in their existing inventory. To make use of this stock, which consisted of some 140,000 sheets of 100 stamps, the issues were "overprinted" with a designation that read "2 cents". There exist two basic varieties of these overprints with the "2 cents" designation printed with one line of type while the other designation was overprinted with the numeral '2' over the word 'cents'. Other overprint varieties occurred when the contract to overprint these issues was given to The Canadian Bank Note Company. Some overprint varieties produced are rare and valuable and as such there are faked overprints of those varieties in existence.
The second series of the King George V "Admirals" stamps issued first started to appear in August 1928, as stocks of the first KGV 1915 issues were becoming exhausted. Rather than portraying the King in complete profile this series portrayed the King with his head at quarter turn, to the viewer's left. The series was issued in six denominations of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 8 cents, with a different color for each denomination. The first stamp of this series to appear was the 4-cent issue, released August 16, 1928, while the 8 cent issue was the last of the series to appear, released on December 21, 1928. Stamps from this series that were also issued in "coil" form and include the 1, 2 and 5 cent denominations.
Rhodesia 1913-24 Issues.
Proofs and specimens exist. The ½d, 1d, 1½d and 2½d were printed from a single working plate and the remainder were bi-coloured and printed from double plates. Three engraved dies for the head were used which can be identified from the shading on the King's ear and the shank of the anchor on his cap badge. Shades for these issues are numerous. These stamp issues were perforated with gauge 14 or 15. Because of this numerous color varieties and other factors correct identification can be difficult the collector. Many books on the subject are out of print and difficult to obtain as is other source information. 
The new issues were printed on white paper with clear gum. The texture of the paper is plainly evident and can be discerned easily. The 1923 issues however do not show the paper texture very clearly and the gum is smooth. The stamps were perforated 15 were never actually sent to Rhodesia, therefore genuinely postally used examples of these issues on mailed cover do not exist and any 'used' examples could only have been cancelled by request.
New Zealand 1926 Issues.
In July 1926, two shilling and three shilling stamps were issued surface printed with King George V in the uniform of an Admiral of the Fleet. Waterlow and Sons engraved the dies and Bradbury Wilkinson produced the printing plates. The first printing of the 2/- and 3/- values of this series was on thin "Jones paper" in 1926. The 2/- was in deep blue and the 3/- in mauve. The engraved impressions are generally rather poor. In May 1927, the 2/- was issued on a thick "Cowan paper" and the 3c was later issued in September 1927. The impressions on the Cowan paper are far better than those printed on the Jones. Initial printings of the 2c value on Cowan paper can easily be distinguished from the earlier Jones paper as they are a much lighter and brighter blue. The colour became deeper in later printings. In November 1926 a 1/- stamp was issued with George V in his uniform of a Field Marshal. The Admiral Stamp was only issued in 1926 for New Zealand and contains only three definitive stamp designs. Combined with the Canada and Rhodesia Admirals this makes for both a more comprehensive topical and/or historical study group of stamps.

</doc>
<doc id="20727263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727263" title="Ptolemy Reid">
Ptolemy Reid

Dr. Ptolemy Alexander Reid (May 8, 1912 - September 2, 2003) was a Guyanese veterinarian and politician who served as Prime Minister of Guyana from 1980 to 1984.
Reid studied veterinary medicine at the Tuskegee Institute in Alabama, but could not find employment in British Guiana, so he moved to England where he became a member of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons. He returned to Guyana in 1958, and became involved in politics in 1960 when he joined the People's National Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="20727270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727270" title="LSWR X6 class">
LSWR X6 class

The LSWR X6 class was a class of express passenger 4-4-0 steam locomotives designed for the London and South Western Railway by William Adams. Ten were constructed at Nine Elms Locomotive Works between 1885–1886.
The class were numbered 657–666, and just as the T3 class were a smaller-wheeled version of the X2 class, the X6 class were a smaller-wheeled version of the T6 class. The boiler was identical to that used the T6 class. Some of the engines were subsequently fitted with a Drummond boiler, including N°658 which was the last Adams 4-4-0 to remain in service.
All passed to the Southern Railway at the grouping in 1923. Withdrawals started in 1933, and by the start of World War II, only six remained. Five were retired during the war, leaving only No. 658, which was withdrawn in December 1946. All were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20727271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727271" title="Darius Butler">
Darius Butler

Darius Jermaine Butler (born March 18, 1986) is an American football cornerback who is currently a member of the Indianapolis Colts. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Connecticut.
Early years.
Butler is the cousin of Cleveland Browns running back Willis McGahee, and Geno Atkins of Cincinnati Bengals and the nephew of former New Orleans Saints and Miami Dolphins safety Gene Atkins.
Butler attended Coral Springs Charter School in Coral Springs, Florida. While there he played quarterback and safety. He also played basketball, scoring over 1,000 points during his career. He was an All-County selection as well as an All-State honorable mention.
College career.
Butler played college football at the University of Connecticut, where he was a four-year starter and two-year team captain. He was primarily a cornerback, but he also spent time as a kickoff returner and wide receiver.
Butler was twice named Big East Player of the Week, both during his freshman year in 2005. He earned Big East Defensive Player of the Week after intercepting three passes for 122 interception return yards and a touchdown in a game against Army on October 1, 2005. The 122 return yards set both a Connecticut and Michie Stadium record. He also was awarded Big East Special Teams Player of the Week after he returned a kick off 90 yards for a touchdown against South Florida on November 26, 2005. After his senior season in 2008, Butler was named to the All-Big East first team, despite not having a single interception all season.
Butler finished his career at Connecticut starting 43 of 45 games, recording 180 tackles, 10 interceptions for 213 return yards and two touchdowns. He also scored three other touchdowns: one on a kickoff return, one rushing and one receiving.
Professional career.
New England Patriots.
Butler was drafted by the New England Patriots in the second round (41st overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft. On July 10, 2009, he signed a four-year contract with the Patriots that included a total of about $2.1 million in guaranteed money.
Butler got his first career start and interception against the Tennessee Titans. The following week he got his second interception against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He returned an interception 91 yards for a touchdown against the Houston Texans on January 3, 2010. He finished the season starting five of 14 games played, recording three interceptions, 35 tackles, and eight passes deflected.
In 2010, Butler started the first two games of the season, including a Patriots loss to the New York Jets in Week 2. In the game, Butler gave up a touchdown reception and was also penalized twice for defensive pass interference on another Jets touchdown drive. He was replaced as a starter by Kyle Arrington the next week, and was not part of the team's defensive sub packages. After being a healthy inactive for the team's Week 10 game against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Butler returned to make his third start of the season, as the Patriots' nickel cornerback for their Week 13 win over the Jets. Butler finished the season with three starts in 15 games played, recording 23 tackles and six passes defensed.
On September 6, 2011, he was waived by New England.
Carolina Panthers.
Butler was claimed off waivers by the Carolina Panthers on September 6. On August 31, 2012 he was waived by the Carolina Panthers.
Indianapolis Colts.
Butler was signed as a free agent by the Indianapolis Colts on September 25, 2012.
On March 12, 2013, he was re-signed to a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20727277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727277" title="Paul Zimmermann (blacksmith)">
Paul Zimmermann (blacksmith)

Paul Zimmermann A.W.C.B. (born 1939) is a German blacksmith who created contemporary forge work. Zimmermann is considered one of the first German blacksmiths to move towards innovative and contemporary forms in the trade. Forms and shapes which he developed are now part of blacksmithing design education in Germany. The A.W.C.B. is a diploma title given through the worshipful company of blacksmith as the first non-British blacksmith.
Early life and career.
Paul Zimmermann was born in Pliezhausen, Germany in 1939. His parents being farmers during the beginning of World War Ii.
Zimmermann started his traditional apprenticeship 1953-1956 at an early age of 14. After his Education he won an award for gifted students and spent time in an intermediate study,partly abroad Switzerland. 1962 he qualified as a master craftsman after a year at Luisenschule, Munich. After 1962 Zimmermann taught in vocation institute in Munich.
After 1963 Paul Zimmermann set up his own workshop, known as the Atelier Zimmermann in Pliezhausen.
Throughout his active work time he demonstrated and lectured on several international blacksmith meetings.
Zimmermann won several awards nationally and internationally. 
His work was displayed on Exhibitions in Germany, England, Finland, France, Italy, Switzerland, Spain, Slovenia, Russia, USA, Canada. 
Permanently shown work of Paul Zimmermann is in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, Würth Museum Künzelsau, Germany and the National Ornamental Metal Museum in Memphis.
Works.
Towards the beginning of his career, Paul Zimmermann focused on architectural blacksmithing.
He pushed the idea of contemporary design in this traditional craft forward as an essential need for this craft to survive. He expressed his design philosophy often as "Shape is limitation - design is disclosure". 
Today he is mostly recognized for his sculptural grave markers, done by commission. 
Some of his grave markers are displayed in the first sepulchral Museum in Kassel, Germany. 
Zimmermann often speaks of "Memorial tablets are the last external sign we can leave to a person close to us - signs that permit remembrance and commune 
He continues to work after his retirement. Many apprentices have been working with him studying his philosophy and skills.
Collectors of Paul Zimmermanns work were:

</doc>
<doc id="20727280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727280" title="Tom Price (rower)">
Tom Price (rower)

Thomas "Tom" Steele Price (born May 28, 1933) is an American rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Long Branch, New Jersey.
In 1952 he won the gold medal with his partner Charlie Logg in the coxless pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20727281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727281" title="Nasovče">
Nasovče

Nasovče (in older sources also "Nasoviče", ) is a small village west of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20727282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727282" title="Sisland Carr">
Sisland Carr

Sisland Carr is a small mixed woodland west of Loddon, Norfolk, located at . It is privately owned but is managed by the Woodland Trust. The site is known for its bluebells in the spring. There is road access and a car park, but the access road is in poor condition. 
The carr is made up of mixed secondary woodland and wet meadow; conifers have been surrounded in a C shape by British broadleaf woodland. 

</doc>
<doc id="20727291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727291" title="Michael Sturgeon">
Michael Sturgeon

Michael Sturgeon (born 1 December 1958) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Suffolk. He was born in Bury St. Edmunds.
Sturgeon made a single List A appearance for the side, in the 1986 NatWest Trophy, against Sussex. Batting in the tailend, he scored a duck.

</doc>
<doc id="20727296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727296" title="Bukit Timah Race Course">
Bukit Timah Race Course

The Bukit Timah Race Course was a venue for Thoroughbred horse racing in the Bukit Timah area of Singapore. Built by the Bukit Timah Turf Club, it was opened on 15 April 1933 by the Sir Cecil Clementi, Governor of Singapore. There was no racing from 1941 through 1946 as a result of World War II.
During its sixty-six years, Bukit Timah Race Course was visited by numerous Singapore and foreign dignitaries including a 1972 visit by racing fan a Thoroughbred owner, Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip and Princess Anne. In honor of her visit, the Queen Elizabeth II Cup was established.
In 1959 the Singapore Derby was revived at Bukit Timah Race Course and was the feature race on its final day of operation on 25 July 1999. It was closed to make way for Kranji Racecourse.
Turf City.
Turf City was opened in 1999 and had a 10-year lease with heyday until 2010, with the first tenant is Singapore Agro Agricultural (SAA). SLA wanted this tenant to extend which is only allowed until 1 March 2012. By the time, SH Cogent (Cogent Land Capital) took over the Turf City portion and several shops had been closed and demolished. Turf City would be renamed 'The Grandstand', however this would be opened to all in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20727305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727305" title="Hiroyuki Usui">
Hiroyuki Usui

Hiroyuki Usui (碓井 博行, born August 4, 1953 in Japan) is a former Japanese football player and manager.
Usui made 31 appearances for the Japan national football team from 1974 to 1984.
His son Kempei is also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20727312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727312" title="Victor Bodson Bridge">
Victor Bodson Bridge

The Victor Bodson Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge in Hesperange, in southern Luxembourg. It circles the south-eastern suburbs of Luxembourg City, and carries the A1 motorway between Howald and Itzig, over the Alzette valley below.
The bridge was completed in 1993, as part of the extension of the A1 from Senningerberg (serving Luxembourg-Findel International Airport) to the south of Luxembourg City. The bridge is long, and stands above the level of the Alzette below. The bridge is a total of wide, consisting of two lanes running in each direction, separated by a central reservation, along with two emergency pavements.
Because the valley under the bridge is inhabited, the design was limited to a single support pillar, located exactly in the middle of the bridge. The bridge is stayed by a single suspension mast, located above the support pillar and from which radial cables fan out along the length of the bridge. Despite its reliance on a single mast for suspension, the bridge is notable for being curved along its entire length.
The bridge is named after Victor Bodson, a government minister in the 1940s and 1950s that held responsibility for Public Works, Transport, and Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="20727353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727353" title="Podboršt pri Komendi">
Podboršt pri Komendi

Podboršt pri Komendi is a settlement immediately north of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Podboršt" to "Podboršt pri Komendi" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20727355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727355" title="Vladimer Chachibaia">
Vladimer Chachibaia

Vladimer Chachibaia () (born November 4, 1971) is a Georgian military officer who was a Chief of Joint Staff of the Armed Forces of Georgia from November 4, 2008 to March 5, 2009.
Chachibaia was a private in the Soviet Air Forces from 1989 until 1991, when he joined the recently established National Guard of Georgia as a NCO. He commanded a National Guard platoon in the Georgian Civil War of 1992-1993 and continued his service in the Georgian army as a recon and special task forces officer. He studied at the United Military Academy in Tbilisi, Georgia from 1993 to 1994 and attended several courses of military training in the United States, including at the U.S. Army War College in the years 2007-2008. 
Chachibaia commanded a Georgian contingent within the Multinational force in Iraq in 2004 and was appointed a commander of the 3rd Infantry Brigade of the Armed Forces of Georgia in 2005. He has since served in the General Staff, later known as the Joint Staff of the Armed Forces of Georgia (JS GAF), and was an acting commander of the Georgian Land Forces in 2006. Having briefly served as Head of Education Department of the JS GAF in September–November 2008, Chachibaia replaced General Zaza Gogava as the Chief of JS GAF after the August 2008 war with Russia. He briefly served as Deputy Defense Minister in 2009 and became Deputy Chief of Joint Staff of Georgian Armed Forces in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20727365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727365" title="Motorised Submersible Canoe">
Motorised Submersible Canoe

The Motorised Submersible Canoe (MSC), nicknamed 'Sleeping Beauty', was built by British Special Operations Executive (SOE) during World War II as an underwater vehicle for a single frogman to perform clandestine reconnaissance or attacks against enemy vessels.
Design.
The MSC was designed by Major Hugh Quentin Reeves to attack ships anchored in harbours. The craft got its nickname "Sleeping Beauty" when Reeves was found sleeping in it by a passing officer.
Constructed of mild steel, the canoe is long with a beam of , used a 5 hp electric motor powered by four 6-volt batteries, had a top speed of , and could travel at a cruising speed of . Its maximum operating depth was . 
The Sleeping Beauty was designed to carry up to of explosives as well as being able to be dropped near its target by a heavy bomber. Fore and central trimming tanks within the hull can be flooded to sink the craft underwater or have compressed air blown in them to surface the craft. The pilot controlled the craft by a joystick that is connected to the rudder and hydroplanes, breathed through a Siebe Gorman Salvus MkII Amphibian rebreather or Dunlop Underwater Swimming Breathing Apparatus (UWSBA), and would have to come close to the surface to establish his whereabouts. The canoe can also be paddled or moved by raising the mast and erecting a sail. Although the Sleeping Beauty was designed to accommodate only one pilot, sometimes a second frogman was employed lying on the bow. Different configurations were tried on the MSC such as the positioning of the hydroplanes, these were positioned aft but sometimes moved forward during experimental work. 
During the end of 1943 the MSC was referred to the “Assault Warfare Sub Committee” (AWSC) and had trials conducted at Queen Mary Reservoir. There the MSC was compared with the Chariot and Welman. The MSC was found to be small (up to 15 canoes could be carried in a larger submarine's torpedo storage compartment), light, easier to navigate, simple to operate, and quick to build. However, the craft was very difficult to control.
Operation.
The MSC's usual method of operations was ‘porpoising’ in quick rises to the surface to check bearings, then shallow diving. Porpoising is when the pilot puts the bow of the Sleeping Beauty to the water's surface and watches the reflection of it underneath the surface, and just when the bow was about to meet with its reflected image the Sleeping Beauty is put in a dive so that the pilot's head would come out of the water and he was able to see his direction.
The pilot could leave the Sleeping Beauty to swim and plant limpet mines on enemy ships, rather than piloting the MSC to the target directly.
Operational service.
SBs were also used for Operation Rimau, a raid on Japanese shipping in Singapore in September 1944 by commandos from the joint Australian, British and New Zealand 'Z Special Unit', sometimes known as 'Z Force'. After being found by a patrol boat, the Sleeping Beauties had to be scuttled along with the junk they were carried in. Ten of the attacking force were taken prisoner by the Japanese and subsequently beheaded. 
A pair of Sleeping Beauties are believed to be captured by German forces after an unsuccessful attack on enemy shipping in Måløy by members of the Norwegian Kompani Linge. The divers were landed with their SBs on the nearby island of Gangsøy. However, a local shepherd girl saw them and, thinking that they were thieving Germans, she reported them to the authorities. The divers were then chased across Norway by the Germans until they were picked up safely and taken back to their base on the Shetland Islands.
In the summer of 1944, ‘Sleeping Beauty Number 72’ was delivered to the US Office of Strategic Services (OSS), the fore-runner of the CIA, and became the early prototype for today’s Swimmer Delivery Vehicle. It was used from December 1944 to August 1945 to evaluate US harbour defences, stage mock attacks on capital ships and develop underwater communications equipment.
UCWE Trials Report on Sleeping Beauty.
In November 1954, the Clearance Diving Trials Team attached to the Admiralty's Underwater Countermeasures and Weapons Establishment (UCWE) at Leigh Park House near Havant in Hampshire issued a report on the Sleeping Beauty, signed off by the Officer-in-Charge of the team, Lt Cdr Gordon Gutteridge RN:

</doc>
<doc id="20727368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727368" title="Hossein Abdi">
Hossein Abdi

Hossein Abdi (, born on March 21, 1967 Tehran) is an Iranian footballer and coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20727384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727384" title="Newtowngore">
Newtowngore

Newtowngore or Newtown Gore, known before the Plantations of Ireland as Ducarrick (), is a village on the R199 regional road in County Leitrim, in the north of the parish of Carrigallen.
Newtown Gore.
The parish contains 1,500 statute acres, including a great quantity of bog: the cultivation is principally by spade labour; limestone of the best kind is quarried at Newtown-Gore. The village comprises about 100 houses. It has a market for grain and provisions on Monday; and fairs are held onApril April, 4 May,Mayug. 9, 8 Oct., and the last Friday in Dec. Fairs are also held at Longfield on 17 May, Oct. 10 and 29 Dec.. There is a penny post to Killesandra and Ballinamore; and a constabulary police force has been stationed here. Petty sessions are held every alternate Saturday, but the manor court has been discontinued since the institution of the assistant barrister's court.
Public transport.
Bus Éireann route 462 serves the village on Saturdays providing a link to Sligo via Ballinamore and Drumshanbo.
Woodford Estate.
Woodford (Estate) Collins – Robert Collins was the lessor of several townlands in the parishes of Drumreilly and Oughteragh, baronies of Carrigallen and Mohill, at the time of Griffith's Valuation. 
(Estate) de Courcey – The de Courcey family held land in the parish of Drumreilly, barony of Dromahaire in the mid-19th century.
The de Courcey family held land in the parish of Drumreilly, barony of Dromahaire in the mid-19th century. 
(Estate) Palmer (Leitrim) – The Palmer family were resident at Sriff or Shriff from at least the end of the 18th century. They held lands in the parishes of Drumlease and Drumreilly, barony of Dromahaire in the mid-19th century. Henry Manly Palmer of Sriff was a member of the Grand Jury for Leitrim in 1851. Isabella Palmer of Drumkeel is recorded as owning over in Leitrim in 1876. Thomas Robert Palmer, living at Friarstown in the 1870s, owned over in county Leitrim at that time. This family intermarried with the Cullen family of county Leitrim on a number of occasions.
Moy Abbey.
Cruaich, he founded a church and ordained a priest to look after it name Bruscus. The site of this 
Patrician church is thought to have been near Newtowngore. The ruin in the grounds of the present 
Church of Ireland in Newtowngore is more likely the medieval church of Moy, which was dedicated to
St Patrick. Apart from this we know nothing of the early ecclesiastical history of Carrigallen. There are 
two holy wells dedicated to the saint, one in Aughawillan and the second in Beaghmore. Nearby the latter 
is a wart stone where people used to make the cure of the warts by washing them in the water which lay 
in a hollow in the stone in Moy abbey in 1345.

</doc>
<doc id="20727386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727386" title="Michel Knuysen">
Michel Knuysen

Michel Jules Lodewijk Knuysen (25 October 1929 – 6 May 2013) was a Belgian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born in Wijnegem. In 1952 he won the silver medal with his partner Bob Baetens in the coxless pairs event. Four years later he was eliminated with his partner Bob Baetens in the repêchage of the coxless pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20727414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727414" title="Bob Baetens">
Bob Baetens

Robert "Bob" Frédérik Louis Baetens (born 28 October 1930) is a Belgian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Antwerp.
In 1952 he won the silver medal with his partner Michel Knuysen in the coxless pairs event.
Four years later he was eliminated with his partner Michel Knuysen in the repechage of the coxless pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20727427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727427" title="Potok pri Komendi">
Potok pri Komendi

Potok pri Komendi is a small settlement next to Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Potok" to "Potok pri Komendi" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20727456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727456" title="Ballinaglera">
Ballinaglera

Ballinagleragh () is a village in County Leitrim. It is on the R207 regional road east of Lough Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="20727470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727470" title="Duckington">
Duckington

Duckington is a small village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It is situated roughly 22km south east of Chester, 20km east of Wrexham and 15km east of the Welsh border.

</doc>
<doc id="20727485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727485" title="South Australian state election, 1962">
South Australian state election, 1962

State elections were held in Australia on 3 March 1962. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Frank Walsh.
Background.
The Playford government, in power since 1938, went into the 1962 elections in a precarious position. At the time the writs were issued, South Australia was dogged by a massive recession. This led observers to think that Labor would finally have a chance at power. Longtime opposition leader Mick O'Halloran had died suddenly in 1960, and Labor was led into the election by former deputy leader Frank Walsh.
In the election, Labor scored 54.3 percent of the two-party vote to only 45.7 percent for the LCL. However, due to the Playmander -- the rural overweighting that had kept the LCL in power for three decades —- Labor won only 19 seats, one seat short of a majority. Even with this to consider, speculation was rampant on election night that Playford's long tenure was finally over. 
However, Playford refused to concede, instead saying he would wait to see how the two independents in the chamber lined up once the legislature reassembled. They both declared their support for Playford, giving the LCL a bare one-seat majority. Walsh lobbied Governor Edric Bastyan not to reappoint Playford, to no avail.
The furor over the 1962 election illustrated how distorted the Playmander had become. By this time some two-thirds of the state's population resided in and around Adelaide, but they only elected one-third of the members of the legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="20727489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727489" title="Brahmapuri, Jodhpur">
Brahmapuri, Jodhpur

Brahmapuri is a small settlement in the city of Jodhpur in Rajasthan, India.
Geography.
Brahmapuri is situated at the foot of the majestic Mehrangarh Fort. It is a settlement of Brahmins, a caste in the Hindu system and is distinguished by its electric and azure blue colored walls, due to which Jodhpur is sometimes called the "Blue City" of India. Brahmapuri is characterized by its organic street pattern, where primary lane bifurcates into a complex skein of sub-lanes. The main street however run North-South and slope downwards steeply and end at the twin-lakes namely the Roop Sagar and Padam Sagar at the foot of the fort.The streets in Brahmapuri are extremely narrow, not without a reason. The houses(aligned east-west) more often, cast a shadow on the street at both times of the day(morning hours and evening hours), thus leaving the streets cool. The plinth height of all houses in Brahmapuri are more than 1.5 meters height at times to escape the reflection of sun rays from the street. 

</doc>
<doc id="20727502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727502" title="The Woolf Institute">
The Woolf Institute

The Woolf Institute is an academic institute in Cambridge, England, dedicated to the study of relations between Jews, Christians and Muslims. It consists of the Centre for the Study of Jewish-Christian Relations (CJCR), the Centre for the Study of Muslim-Jewish Relations (CMJR) and the Centre for Public Education (CPE). The Woolf Institute is named in honour of Lord Harry Woolf, former Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales and was founded by Dr Edward Kessler MBE.
The Woolf Institute is based in Wesley House and is a member of the Cambridge Theological Federation which brings together eleven institutions through which people of different churches, including Anglican, Methodist, Orthodox, Reformed and Roman Catholic, train for various forms of Christian ministry and service 
The Centre for the Study of Jewish Christian Relations (CJCR).
The Centre for Jewish-Christian Relations (CJCR) was established in 1998 to further the academic study of Jewish-Christian relations throughout the ages. 
Successful courses in the past include the Master of Studies (MSt) in the Study of Jewish–Christian Relations, a two-year, part-time University of Cambridge degree, offered by the CJCR in conjunction with the Faculty of Divinity and the Institute of Continuing Education. 
Currently the Centre runs a number of site-based and e-learning courses, including: "Jews, Christians and Muslims in Europe: Modern Challenges", a three-part e-learning course focusing on relationships between Jews, Christians and Muslims and their impact on modern Europe and an "Introduction to Judaism" for the Cambridge Theological Federation.
The Centre for the Study of Muslim Jewish Relations (CMJR).
The Centre for the Study of Muslim-Jewish Relations is the first and only European centre dedicated to fostering a better understanding of relations between Muslim and Jews through teaching, research and dialogue. CMJR works with a variety of academic partners, including the American University in Washington with whom it delivers the e-learning programme "Bridging the Great Divide: the Jewish-Muslim encounter".
The Centre for Public Education (CPE).
The Centre for Public Education was established in order to ensure that the teaching and research of the Woolf Institute is accessible to people who are unable to study full-time, in recognition of the relevance of the Institute's research to professional contexts. The Centre works with a range of organisations delivering education programmes for public sector bodies, such as the Metropolitan Police, the National Health Service (NHS) and Cambridge City Council, and for wider community-based groups and faith communities.
University links.
The Woolf Institute currently works together with the Cambridge Commonwealth Trust and the Cambridge Overseas Trust to offer the Woolf Institute Cambridge Scholarship, a PhD scholarship for the study of relations between Jews, Christians and Muslims. In 2012 it was also announced that the Institute will also contribute to the newly reconstituted MPhil in Middle East Studies at the University of Cambridge 

</doc>
<doc id="20727556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727556" title="CatSper1">
CatSper1

CatSper1, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CATSPER1" gene. CatSper1 is a member of the cation channels of sperm family of protein. The four proteins in this family together form a Ca2+-permeant ion channel specific essential for the correct function of sperm cells.
Function.
Calcium ions play a primary role in the regulation of sperm motility. This gene belongs to a family of putative cation channels that are specific to spermatozoa and localize to the flagellum. The protein family features a single repeat with six membrane-spanning segments and a predicted calcium-selective pore region.

</doc>
<doc id="20727580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727580" title="Tauba Tauba">
Tauba Tauba

Tauba Tauba is a 2005 Bollywood movie starring Antara "Mona Lisa" Biswas, Amin Gazi and Payal Rohatgi. The film was directed by T L V Prasad, who has directed over 25 Mithun Chakraborty films for Mithun's Dream Factory. It was released on 2 May 2005.
Synopsis.
"Tauba Tauba", a small budget Hindi movie, tells the tale of a 15-year-old Sunny (Amin Gazi), a motherless child of a business tycoon, Mohan Shanbagh (Ayub Khan), who is obsessed with a 25-year-old Payal (Payal Rohatgi). This is all due to the environment of Sunny in his school. The Sex Crazy headmaster Mr. Gomes (Laxmikant Berde) who is playing sex with the lady teachers and at home the Casanova Father involved in love game with his secretary Sophia (Rashi Tyagi); this makes Sunny crazy about sex in his tender age.

</doc>
<doc id="20727583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727583" title="Suhadole, Komenda">
Suhadole, Komenda

Suhadole () is a settlement in the Municipality of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Clement. It was extensively renovated in 1999 and remnants of an earlier church, found during the renovation, are now displayed in the church.

</doc>
<doc id="20727586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727586" title="Housatonic River Railroad Bridge">
Housatonic River Railroad Bridge

The Housatonic River Railroad Bridge is a historic bridge carrying Metro-North Railroad's New Haven Line trackage across the lower Housatonic River in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987, and in its listing was described as also being referred to as Devon Bridge. It is also referred to as the Devon Railroad Bridge by the Department of Environmental Protection.
It is a "Scherzer Rolling Lift Bascule"-type bascule bridge. It has a steel superstructure and block stone piers. The moveable span is a Warren through truss span. The Connecticut River Railroad Bridge is another bridge of this type in Connecticut which is also NRHP-listed.
It is one of eight moveable bridges on the Amtrak route through Connecticut surveyed in one multiple property study in 1986. The eight bridges from west to east are: Mianus River Railroad Bridge at Cos Cob, built in 1904; Norwalk River Railroad Bridge at Norwalk, 1896; Saugatuck River Railroad Bridge at Westport, 1905; Pequonnock River Railroad Bridge at Bridgeport, 1902; Housatonic River Railroad Bridge, at Devon, 1905; Connecticut River Railroad Bridge, Old Saybrook-Old Lyme, 1907; Niantic River Bridge, East Lyme-Waterford, 1907; and Thames River Bridge (Amtrak), Groton, built in 1919.
The bridge is also used by Amtrak for its Northeast Corridor services.
History.
The current bridge is the third railroad span in the same location. The original bridge was the first railroad bridge over the Housatonic, and was a single-track wooden structure, which was replaced by a double-track cast-iron bridge and finally by the existent four-track steel bridge in 1905. It was built for the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20727589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727589" title="Kurt Schmid">
Kurt Schmid

Kurt Schmid (born February 11, 1932) is a Swiss rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Baar.
In 1952 he won the bronze medal with his partner Hans Kalt in the coxless pairs event.
Eight years later he was a crew member of the Swiss boat which finished sixth in the coxless fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20727595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727595" title="Colin Mitchell (cricketer)">
Colin Mitchell (cricketer)

Colin Gerald Mitchell, born at Brislington, Bristol on 27 January 1929 and died there on 13 September 2007, played first-class cricket as an amateur for Somerset in the early 1950s.
Mitchell was a lower-order right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler. He played four matches for Somerset in the 1952 season, when the side finished bottom of the County Championship for the first of four consecutive seasons, and then turned out for them regularly in the 1953 season, when the side was perhaps even weaker. He had one highly successful match – though, true to form, Somerset lost the game. Against Worcestershire at Frome, he took six of the eight wickets to fall in the first innings at a personal cost of 62 runs, and then five of the seven that fell in the second innings, to finish with match figures of 11 for 177. In between these two bowling performances, he made an unbeaten 26, batting at No 11 in Somerset's second innings, so his two best bowling returns and his highest first-class score all came in the same game.
After the 1953 season, he made only two further first-class appearances, both in August 1954, without success.

</doc>
<doc id="20727618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727618" title="Mio Mao">
Mio Mao

Mio Mao (pronounced "mew meow", according to the narrator in the UK Version), also known as Mio and Mao, is an Italian-British children's TV show produced by Misseri Studios, HiT Entertainment & Mad Mouse Productions, L+H Films (for the original 1974 series), Cartoonito (just for the 2009 series) and Channel 5 (for the 2005 and 2009 series). The series was produced using Claymation animation.
The first series of "Mio Mao" was aired from 1974 to 1976. New episodes were produced in late 2005 (with the original theme song intact) in association with Channel 5, followed by yet another series of episodes in 2009. The music was composed by Piero Barbetti.
In the U.K., the episodes are narrated by Derek Griffiths and shown on Channel 5, and its sister channel, 5*. Although occasional episodes are listed separately in TV guides, many are also shown as part of Channel 5's "Milkshake" programme and "Tiny Pop" and "Cartoonito". The show is now available through the Demand 5 online viewing service. In 1993, the program was shown in the UK. on Channel 4's early morning "Take 5" line-up.
Currently the episodes are shown in the US on the BabyFirstTV channel.
Plot.
Each episode is approximately five minutes long and focuses on two playful kittens named Mao (male/red) and Mio (female/white), as they discover a variety of animals and objects hidden within their garden. The name Mao may derive from the Mandarin Chinese for cat, Māo. 
The kittens go to investigate alone, and return scared, before watching from a distance and finding that the scary item was either a friendly animal or fun object.
List of episodes.
1971-1976 series episodes.
♙Broadcast history
Broadcast history.
Australia
Italy
UK
France
Finland
USA
Asia
Poland
Turkey
Japan
Czech republic

</doc>
<doc id="20727624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727624" title="Takeo Takahashi (footballer)">
Takeo Takahashi (footballer)

Takeo Takahashi (former name ; Takeo Kimura, born May 13, 1947 in Japan) is a Japanese football manager and former player. His family name was originally Kimura but changed it upon marriage, being adopted by his wife's family.

</doc>
<doc id="20727645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727645" title="Somatic fusion">
Somatic fusion

Somatic fusion, also called protoplast fusion, is a type of genetic modification in plants by which two distinct species of plants are fused together to form a new hybrid plant with the characteristics of both, a somatic hybrid. Hybrids have been produced either between different varieties of the same species (e.g. between non-flowering potato plants and flowering potato plants) or between two different species (e.g. between wheat triticum and rye secale to produce Triticale).
Uses of somatic fusion include making potato plants resistant to potato leaf roll disease. Through somatic fusion, the crop potato plant "Solanum tuberosum" – the yield of which is severely reduced by a viral disease transmitted on by the aphid vector – is fused with the wild, non-tuber-bearing potato "Solanum brevidens", which is resistant to the disease. The resulting hybrid has the chromosomes of both plants and is thus similar to polyploid plants.
Somatic Hybridization was first introduced by Carlson in "Nicotiana" 'glauea'
Process for plant cells.
The somatic fusion process occurs in four steps:
Different from the procedure for seed plants describe above, fusion of moss protoplasts can be initiated without electric shock but by the use of polyethylene glycol (PEG). Further, moss protoplasts do not need phytohormones for regeneration, and they do not form a callus. Instead, regenerating moss protoplasts behave like germinating moss spores. Of further note sodium nitrate and calcium ion at high pH can be used, although results are variable depending on the organism.
Applications in animal cells.
Somatic cells of different types can be fused to obtain hybrid cells. Hybrid cells are useful in a variety of ways, e.g., 
(i) to study the control of cell division and gene expression,
(ii) to investigate malignant transformations, 
(iii) to obtain viral replication, 
(iv) for gene or chromosome mapping and for 
(v) production of monoclonal antibodies by producing hybridoma (hybrid cells between an immortalised cell and an antibody producing lymphocyte), etc.
Chromosome mapping through somatic cell hybridization is essentially based on fusion of human and mouse somatic cells. Generally, human fibrocytes or leucocytes are fused with mouse continuous cell lines. 
When human and mouse cells (or cells of any two mammalian species or of the same species) are mixed, spontaneous cell fusion occurs at a very low rate (10-6). Cell fusion is enhanced 100 to 1000 times by the addition of ultraviolet inactivated Sendai (parainfluenza) virus or polyethylene glycol (PEG). 
These agents adhere to the plasma membranes of cells and alter their properties in such a way that facilitates their fusion. Fusion of two cells produces a heterokaryon, i.e., a single hybrid cell with two nuclei, one from each of the cells entering fusion. Subsequently, the two nuclei also fuse to yield a hybrid cell with a single nucleus.
A generalized scheme for somatic cell hybridization may be described as follows. Appropriate human and mouse cells are selected and mixed together in the presence of inactivated Sendai virus or PEG to promote cell fusion. After a period of time, the cells (a mixture of man, mouse and 'hybrid' cells) are plated on a selective medium, e.g., HAT medium, which allows the multiplication of hybrid cells only. 
Several clones (each derived from a single hybrid cell) of the hybrid cells are thus isolated and subjected to both cytogenetic and appropriate biochemical analyses for the detection of enzyme/ protein/trait under investigation. An attempt is now made to correlate the presence and absence of the trait with the presence and absence of a human chromosome in the hybrid clones.
If there is a perfect correlation between the presence and absence of a human chromosome and that of a trait in the hybrid clones, the gene governing the trait is taken to be located in the concerned chromosome.
The HAT medium is one of the several selective media used for the selection of hybrid cells. This medium is supplemented with hypoxanthine, aminopterin and thymidine, hence the name HAT medium. Antimetabolite aminopterin blocks the cellular biosynthesis of purines and pyrimidines from simple sugars and amino acids.
However, normal human and mouse cells can still multiply as they can utilize hypoxanthine and thymidine present in the medium through a salvage pathway, which ordinarily recycles the purines and pyrimidines produced from degradation of nucleic acids. 
Hypoxanthine is converted into guanine by the enzyme hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase (HGPRT), while thymidine is phosphorylated by thymidine kinase (TK); both HGPRT and TK are enzymes of the salvage pathway.
On a HAT medium, only those cells that have active HGPRT (HGPRT+) and TK (TK+) enzymes can proliferate, while those deficient in these enzymes (HGPRr- and/or TK-) can not divide (since they cannot produce purines and pyrimidines due to the aminopterin present in the HAT medium). 
For using HAT medium as a selective agent, human cells used for fusion must be deficient for either the enzyme HGPRT or TK, while mouse cells must be deficient for the other enzyme of this pair. Thus, one may fuse HGPRT deficient human cells (designated as TK+ HGPRr-) with TK deficient mouse cells (denoted as TK- HGPRT+). 
Their fusion products (hybrid cells) will be TK+ (due to the human gene) and HGPRT+ (due to the mouse gene) and will multiply on the HAT medium, while the man and mouse cells will fail to do so. Experiments with other selective media can be planned in a similar fashion.
Characteristics of Somatic Hybridization and Cybridization.
1. Somatic cell fusion appears to be the only means through which two different parental genomes can be recombined among plants that cannot reproduce sexually (asexual or sterile).
2. Protoplasts of sexually sterile (haploid, triploid, and aneuploid) plants can be fused to produce fertile diploids and polyploids.
3. Somatic cell fusion overcomes sexual incompatibility barriers. In some cases somatic hybrids between two incompatible plants have also found application in industry or agriculture.
4. Somatic cell fusion is useful in the study of cytoplasmic genes and their activities and this information can be applied in plant breeding experiments.
Inter-specific and inter-generic fusion achievements.
Table: Reference #5
Note: The table only lists a few examples, there are many more crosses. The possibilities of this technology are great, however, not all species are easily put into protoplast culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20727655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727655" title="Everett Railroad">
Everett Railroad

The Everett Railroad is a short-line railroad that operates ex-Pennsylvania Railroad trackage in the Hollidaysburg area of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It runs freight trains over two separate lines, one from Brooks Mill and Sproul, and the other, owned by the Morrison's Cove Railroad, from Roaring Spring to Curryville and Martinsburg. The affiliated Hollidaysburg and Roaring Spring Railroad , which the Everett Railroad operates both under contract and via trackage rights, connects the two segments to each other and to the Norfolk Southern Railway (ex-Conrail) in Hollidaysburg. The Everett Railroad name refers to its former location near Everett, abandoned in 1982.
History.
The Everett Railroad was incorporated in April 1954 to take over a portion of the Huntingdon and Broad Top Mountain Railroad and Coal Company (H&BT) near Everett, which was abandoned in May. The line, which extended north from the end of the Pennsylvania Railroad's Mt. Dallas Branch at Mount Dallas to a point near Tatesville, parallel to PA Route 26, had been constructed from 1859 to 1863 by the Bedford Railroad, which was merged into the H&BT in 1864. Conrail discontinued service on the then-Mt. Dallas Secondary in October 1982, severing the Everett Railroad's ties to the outside world and forcing its abandonment.
The company was revived in May 1984, when it acquired a part of Conrail's Bedford Secondary between Brooks Mill and Sproul. Completed in 1910 by the Bedford and Hollidaysburg Railroad, a predecessor of the Pennsylvania Railroad, this line had connected to the Mt. Dallas Secondary near Bedford until 1982. A second line, the Morrison's Cove Secondary from Roaring Spring to Curryville, along with a short branch into Martinsburg, was acquired by the Morrison's Cove Railroad, organized by local shippers, in mid-1982. The shippers initially contracted with the Allegheny Southern Railway , which operated the line from September 1982 to the end of 1984, but on January 1, 1985 the Everett Railroad took over operations. This line had been constructed by the Pennsylvania Railroad itself in 1871. Conrail continued to operate the remainder of the Morrison's Cove Secondary, from Roaring Spring through Brooks Mill to Hollidaysburg, until Alan W. Maples, owner of the Everett Railroad, organized the Hollidaysburg and Roaring Spring Railroad (H&RS) and bought the line in March 1995. Simultaneously, the Everett Railroad acquired trackage rights to Hollidaysburg, and began operating the H&RS under contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20727671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727671" title="CatSper2">
CatSper2

CatSper2, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CATSPER2" gene. CatSper2 is a member of the cation channels of sperm family of protein. The four proteins in this family together form a Ca2+-permeant ion channel specific essential for the correct function of sperm cells.
Function.
Calcium ions play a primary role in the regulation of sperm motility. This gene belongs to a family of putative cation channels that are specific to spermatozoa and localize to the flagellum. The protein family features a single repeat with six membrane-spanning segments and a predicted calcium-selective pore region. This gene is part of a tandem repeat on chromosome 15q15; the second copy of this gene is thought to be a pseudogene.

</doc>
<doc id="20727674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727674" title="Graham Zug">
Graham Zug

Graham Alan Zug (born April 12, 1987 in Manheim, Pennsylvania) is a former collegiate American football wide receiver who played for the Penn State Nittany Lions.
Early years.
Zug attended Manheim Central High School in Manheim, Pennsylvania, where he was named the 2005 Lancaster-Lebanon League Player-of-the-Year, edging out future Nittany Lion teammate, Jared Odrick.
Collegiate career.
During the 2007 season, Zug participated in two games, making one reception for eight yards against Florida International University. 
In Penn State's 2008 season, despite being behind future NFL signees Derrick Williams, Jordan Norwood, and Deon Butler on Penn State's depth chart, Zug saw action in every game. He accumulated 11 receptions for 174 yards, including two touchdowns.
Zug played in every game of the 2009 season, starting nine. He led the Nittany Lions with seven touchdown catches and was second in receptions with 46. Zug had a career day in the October 24, 2009 win at Michigan, catching five passes for 59 yards and a career-high three touchdowns, making him the first Penn State player to catch three touchdowns in a game since Deon Butler in 2008.
Personal.
Zug has an older brother, David, who was a member of the Penn State Blue Band, and a younger sister, Daneen, who is currently a member of the Penn State women's field hockey team. His parents are David and Claudia Zug.

</doc>
<doc id="20727677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727677" title="South Australian state election, 1959">
South Australian state election, 1959

State elections were held in Australia on 7 March 1959. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Mick O'Halloran.

</doc>
<doc id="20727691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727691" title="Administrative divisions of Moldavia">
Administrative divisions of Moldavia

Ţinut (pl. "ţinuturi"; sometimes translated in English as "region", "district" or "municipality") were the traditional subdivision of the Principality of Moldavia (1359-1859).
Principality of Moldavia (1359-1859).
Lower Country "(Ţara de Jos)"
Upper Country "(Ţara de Sus)"
Historic Bessarabia "(Basarabia)"

</doc>
<doc id="20727696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727696" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Michigan, 2010">
United States House of Representatives elections in Michigan, 2010

Elections were held on November 2, 2010, to determine Michigan's 15 members of the United States House of Representatives. Representatives were elected for two-year terms to serve in the 112th United States Congress from January 3, 2011 until January 3, 2013. Primary elections were held on August 3, 2010.
Of the 15 elections, the 1st, 7th and 9th districts were rated as competitive by "Sabato's Crystal Ball", "CQ Politics" and "The Rothenberg Political Report", while "The Cook Political Report" rated the 1st, 3rd, 7th and 9th districts as competitive. Three of Michigan's 15 incumbents (Bart Stupak of the 1st district, Pete Hoekstra of the 2nd district and Vern Ehlers of the 3rd district) did not seek re-election. Of the 12 who did, one (Carolyn Cheeks Kilpatrick of the 13th district) was not renominated by her party, and one (Mark Schauer of the 7th district) was unsuccessful in the general election.
In total, nine Republicans and six Democrats were elected. A total of 3,194,901 votes were cast, of which 1,671,707 (52 percent) were for Republicans, 1,415,212 (44 percent) were for Democrats, 43,279 (1 percent) were for Libertarian Party candidates, 27,273 (1 percent) were for U.S. Taxpayers Party candidates, 25,739 (1 percent) were for Green Party candidates, 11,238 (0.4 percent) were for independent candidates, 409 (0.01 percent) were for a Natural Law Party candidate and 44 (0.001 percent) were for write-in candidates.
District 1.
In 2010 the 1st district included Marquette and Sault Ste. Marie. Industries in the district included auto parts, logging, mining and tourism. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 50 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 48 percent to Republican nominee John McCain. In 2010 the district had a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+3.
Democrat Bart Stupak, who took office in 1993, was the incumbent. Stupak was re-elected in 2008 with 65 percent of the vote. In 2010 Stupak retired rather than seeking re-election. The candidates in the general election were Democratic nominee Gary McDowell, a member of the Michigan House of Representatives; Republican nominee Dan Benishek, a physician; Green Party nominee Ellis Boal, a former Charlevoix County commissioner and prosecutor; U.S. Taxpayers Party nominee Patrick Lambert, a shift supervisor at Kalitta Air; Libertarian Party nominee Keith Shelton, a sports reporter; and independent candidate Glenn Wilson, the owner of an Internet service provider. Lonnie Lee Snyder had intended to run as a Tea Party candidate, but was found ineligible to do so in August 2010.
McDowell ran unopposed in the Democratic primary, as Mike Prusi, a member of the Michigan Senate, announced in April 2010 that he would not run; and Matt Gillard, a former member of the state House of Representatives; Connie Saltonstall, a former county official; and Joel Sheltrown, a member of the state House of Representatives, ended their campaigns in May 2010. Jason Allen, a member of the state Senate; Patrick Donlon, a businessman; Don Hooper, the owner of a trucking business; and Tom Stillings, a steel industry sales representative, also sought the Republican nomination. Linda Goldthorpe, a lawyer, suspended her campaign in July 2010; however her name remained on the Republican primary ballot. Dennis Lennox, the Cheboygan County drain commissioner, ended his campaign for the Republican nomination in March 2010. Jim Barcia, a former U.S. Representative; and Kevin Elsenheimer, the leader of the Republican Party in the state House of Representatives, both said in April 2010 they would not run. A poll conducted by Practical Political Consulting and released in July 2010, with a sample size of 140, found Benishek leading with 21 percent followed by Allen with 19 percent; Donlon, Goldthorpe, Hooper and Stillings each had the support of less than 2 percent of respondents, while around 55 percent were undecided.
McDowell raised $838,208 and spent $838,160. Benishek raised $1,379,311 and spent $1,343,624. Wilson raised $127,237 and spent $118,276. Allen raised $379,899 and spent $379,979. Goldthorpe raised $9,244 and spent $5,410.
A poll of 1,016 registered voters, conducted in August 2010 by We Ask America, found Benishek leading with 45 percent to McDowell's 29 percent, while 27 percent chose "Other/Unsure". In a poll of 406 likely voters by TargetPoint Consulting, conducted for Benishek's campaign between August 31 and September 1, 2010, Benishek led McDowell by 39 percent to 25 percent when the names of Wilson and Snyder were also given, and by 54 percent to 31 percent when Benishek and McDowell were the only names offered. A poll of 400 likely voters conducted by Hill Research Associates for the National Republican Congressional Committee between September 19 and September 21, 2010, found Benishek leading with 40 percent to McDowell's 24 percent. In a poll by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner for McDowell's campaign, conducted on September 21 and 22, 2010 with a sample size of 505 likely voters, Benishek led with 41 percent while McDowell received 38 percent, Wilson received 12 percent and 9 percent were undecided. A poll of 401 likely voters published by "The Hill", conducted between October 2 and 7, 2010, 42 percent of respondents supported Benishek while 39 percent favored McDowell and 18 percent were undecided. In a poll of 400 likely voters by EPIC/MRA, conducted on October 17 and 18, 2010, Benishek led with 42 percent to McDowell's 40 percent. Though Benishek won the Republican primary by a margin of only 15 votes, Allen, who placed second, chose not to seek a recount.
"Sabato's Crystal Ball" rated the race as "Leans Republican". In October 2010 "The Cook Political Report" and "CQ Politics" rated the race as "Leans Republican". In November 2010 "The Rothenberg Political Report" rated the race as "Toss-up/Tilt Republican". Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEights forecast gave Benishek an 88 percent chance of winning, and projected that he would receive 52 percent of the vote to McDowell's 45 percent. On election day Benishek was elected with 52 percent of the vote to McDowell's 41 percent. Both Benishek and McDowell ran again in the 1st district in 2012, when Benishek was re-elected to a second term.
District 2.
The 2nd district included Holland, Muskegon and Norton Shores. Industries in the district included agriculture, furniture, manufacturing and tourism. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 51 percent of its vote to Republican nominee John McCain and 47 percent to Democratic nominee Barack Obama.
Republican Pete Hoekstra, who took office in 1993, was the incumbent. Hoekstra was re-elected in 2008 with 62 percent of the vote. In 2010 Hoekstra ran for Governor of Michigan rather than seeking re-election. The candidates in the general election were Republican nominee Bill Huizenga, a member of the Michigan House of Representatives; Democratic nominee Fred Johnson, an associate professor of history at Hope College; Green Party nominee Lloyd Clarke, a former United Auto Workers representative; Libertarian Party nominee Joseph Gillotte, the founder and owner of Presort Services Inc.; and U.S. Taxpayers Party nominee Ronald Graeser, a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine.
Bill Cooper, a small business owner; Wayne Kuipers, a member of the Michigan Senate; Chris Larson, a member of the Ferrysburg city council; Field Reichardt, the president of the Organic Olive Oil Co., Jay Riemersma, a former American football player; and Ted Schendel, a retired police officer, also sought the Republican nomination. Jeff Wincel, the owner of a consulting firm, sought the Republican nomination but ended his campaign in April 2010. In a poll of 335 likely Republican voters, conducted between July 26 and 28, 2010 by "The Grands Rapid Press", 25 percent of respondents favored Riemersma, while 15 percent favored Cooper, the same percentage favored Huizenga, 13 percent favored Kuipers, and 30 percent were undecided. After the primary Huizenga led Riemersma by less than 700 votes; however Riemersma released a statement saying he would not seek a recount. Nicolette McClure, a Lake County commissioner, also sought the Democratic nomination.
Huizenga raised $684,347 and spent $634,952. Johnson raised $125,474 and spent $119,305. Cooper raised $310,497 and spent the same amount. Kuipers raised $232,223 and spent the same amount. Reichardt raised $151,160 and spent $151,064. Riemersma raised $917,362 and spent $915,037. Schendel raised $6,451 and spent $6,651. Wincel raised $14,185 and spent $14,044. McClure raised $20,856 and spent $19,429.
Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Huizenga a 100 percent chance of winning, and projected that he would receive 63 percent of the vote to Johnson's 34 percent. On election day Huizenga was elected with 65 percent of the vote to Johnson's 32 percent. Huizenga was re-elected to a second term in 2012.
District 3.
The 3rd district included Grand Rapids and Wyoming. Industries in the district included health care and manufacturing. In the 2008 presidential election, Republican nominee John McCain and Democratic nominee Barack Obama each received 49 percent of the vote in the district. In 2010 the district had a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+6.
Republican Vern Ehlers, who took office in 1993, was the incumbent. Ehlers was re-elected in 2008 with 61 percent of the vote. In 2010 Ehlers retired rather than seeking re-election. The candidates in the general election were Republican nominee Justin Amash, a member of the Michigan House of Representatives; Democratic nominee Patrick Miles Jr., a lawyer; U.S. Taxpayers Party nominee Ted Gerrard, an electrician; Libertarian Party nominee James Rogers, a technical consultant in the fields of renewable energy and HVAC; and Green Party nominee Charlie Shick, an employee in the field of warehouse inventory control.
Bill Hardiman, a member of the Michigan Senate; Steve Heacock, a former Kent County commissioner; Louise "Ellie" Johnson, an attorney; and Bob Overbeek, a United States Air Force veteran, also sought the Republican nomination. Terri Lynn Land, the Secretary of State of Michigan; and Dick Posthumus, a former Lieutenant Governor of Michigan; both said in February 2010 that they would not seek the Republican nomination. In a poll of 485 likely voters, conducted by "The Grand Rapids Press" between July 26 and 30, 2010, 28 percent of respondents favored Amash, while 23 percent supported Hardiman, 17 percent backed Heacock, and 26 percent were undecided. Paul Mayhue, a former Kent County commissioner, also sought the Democratic nomination.
Amash raised $1,103,513 and spent $1,093,007. Miles raised $990,599 and spent $988,091. Gerrard raised $1,405 and spent $2,082. Rogers raised $7,920 and spent $8,611. Hardiman raised $209,236 and spent $202,459. Heacock raised $393,212 and spent the same amount. Overbeek raised $9,213 and spent $6,789. Mayhue raised $11,636 and spent $9,773.
In a poll of 1,006 registered voters, conducted by We Ask America in August 2010, 51 percent of respondents supported Amash while 30 percent favored Miles and 19 percent chose "Other/Unsure". A poll of 400 likely voters, conducted by EPIC/MRA between October 16 and 19, 2010, found Amash leading with 46 percent to Miles's 37 percent, while 8 percent supported other candidates and 9 percent were undecided. A poll of 400 likely voters, conducted by Public Opinion Strategies on October 19 and 20, 2010, found Amash leading with 49 percent to Miles's 30 percent.
In October 2010 "The Cook Political Report" rated the race as "Likely Republican". Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Amash a 99 percent chance of winning, and projected that he would receive 59 percent of the vote to Miles's 38 percent. On election day Amash was elected with 60 percent of the vote to Miles's 37 percent. In July 2012 Miles was confirmed as the United States Attorney for the Western District of Michigan. In November of that year Amash was re-elected to a second term.
District 4.
The 4th district included Mount Pleasant and part of Midland. Industries in the district included agriculture, chemical and plastics manufacturing, and tourism. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 50 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 48 percent to Republican nominee John McCain.
Republican Dave Camp, who took office in 1991, was the incumbent. Camp was re-elected in 2008 with 62 percent of the vote. In 2010, Camp's opponent in the general election was Democratic nominee Jerry M. Campbell, a former supervisor of Richfield Township, Roscommon County. Libertarian Party nominee John Emerick and U.S. Taxpayers Party nominee Clint Foster, a home remodeling sales representative, also ran. Both Camp and Campbell were unopposed in their party primaries.
Camp raised $3,051,808 and spent $2,148,515. Campbell raised $15,881 and spent $15,880. Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Camp a 100 percent chance of winning, and projected that he would receive 66 percent of the vote to Campbell's 31 percent. On election day Camp was re-elected with 66 percent of the vote to Campbell's 31 percent. Camp was again re-elected in 2012.
District 5.
The 5th district included Bay City, Burton, Flint and Saginaw. Industries in the district included agriculture, auto parts, health care and sugar processing. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 64 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 35 percent to Republican nominee John McCain.
Democrat Dale Kildee, who took office in 1977, was the incumbent. Kildee was re-elected with 70 percent of the vote in 2008. In 2010, Kildee's opponent in the general election was Republican nominee John Kupiec, a businessman. Green Party nominee J. Matthew de Heus, an instructor at Delta College, also ran. Libertarian Party nominee Michael J. Moon, a technician at XO Communications, withdrew from the race in October 2010. Rick Wilson, a former supervisor for General Motors, also sought the Republican nomination. Scott Withers, the owner of Withers Media and a former vice president of the Auction Network, also sought the Democratic nomination.
Kildee raised $622,561 and spent $1,207,958. Kupiec raised $356,589 and spent $356,390. Wilson raised $71,073 and spent $70,114. Withers raised $14,628 and spent $13,660.
Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Kildee a 100 percent chance of winning, and projected that he would receive 63 percent of the vote to Kupiec's 34 percent. On election day Kildee was re-elected with 53 percent of the vote to Kupiec's 44 percent. Kildee retired rather than seeking re-election in 2012 and was succeeded by his nephew Dan Kildee.
District 6.
The 6th district included Kalamazoo, Niles, Portage and Sturgis. Industries in the district included agriculture, health care, higher education, manufacturing and tourism. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 54 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 44 percent to Republican nominee John McCain.
Republican Fred Upton, who took office in 1987, was the incumbent. In 2008 Upton was re-elected with 59 percent of the vote. In 2010, Upton's opponent in the general election was Democratic nominee Don Cooney, a Kalamazoo city commissioner and professor of social work. Green Party nominee Pat Foster, an accountant; Libertarian Party nominee Fred Strand, a restaurant owner and retired airline pilot; and U.S. Taxpayers Party nominee Mel Valkner, a business owner and accountant, also ran. Jack Hoogendyk, a former member of the Michigan House of Representatives, also sought the Republican nomination. Cooney was unopposed in the Democratic primary.
Upton raised $2,014,321 and spent $2,083,790. Cooney raised $62,447 and spent $61,614. Hoogendyk raised $67,817 and spent $66,644.
Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Upton a 100 percent chance of winning, and projected that he would receive 63 percent of the vote to Cooney's 34 percent. On election day Upton was re-elected with 62 percent of the vote to Cooney's 34 percent. Upton was again re-elected in 2012, while in 2013 Cooney ran for re-election as city commissioner.
District 7.
The 7th district included Battle Creek and Jackson. Industries in the district included agriculture, auto parts manufacturing, health care and food processing. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 52 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 46 percent to Republican Party nominee John McCain. In 2010 the district had a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+2.
Democrat Mark Schauer, who took office in 2009, was the incumbent. Schauer was elected in 2008 with 49 percent of the vote. In 2010, Schauer's opponent in the general election was Republican nominee Tim Walberg, a former U.S. Representative. U.S. Taxpayers Party nominee Scott Eugene Aughney, a sales and marketing agent in the food industry; write-in candidate Dan Davis; Libertarian Party nominee Greg Merle, an insurance salesman; and Green Party nominee Richard E. Wunsch, a taxi driver and bookstore owner, also ran. Davis, a former police officer, had intended to run as a Tea Party candidate in the general election but was removed from the ballot in August 2010.
Schauer ran unopposed in the Democratic primary. Marvin Carlson, a businessman; and Iraq war veteran Brian Rooney also sought the Republican nomination. Mike Stahly also briefly ran in the Republican primary, but ended his campaign due to fundraising difficulties. Former U.S. Representative Joe Schwarz, a Republican, said in April 2009 that he would not run again. In a poll of the Republican primary, released by "Inside Michigan Politics" in July 2010, 48 percent of respondents supported Walberg while 16 percent favored Rooney and 30 percent were undecided.
Schauer raised $3,255,382 and spent $3,261,651. Walberg raised $1,678,049 and spent $1,647,379. Aughney raised $723 and spent $715. Carlson raised $42,180 and spent $42,798. Rooney raised $777,205 and spent $767,104.
In a poll of 300 likely voters conducted by National Research Inc. for Walberg's campaign, the results of which were published in January 2010, 46 percent of respondents supported Walberg while 37 percent favored Schauer. Among the same sample Schauer led Rooney by 39 percent to 31 percent. A poll of 1,008 likely voters conducted by We Ask America on August 4, 2010 found Walberg leading with 45 percent to Schauer's 37 percent while 18 percent were undecided. In a poll of 400 likely voters, conducted by Republican pollster Whit Ayres between August 16 and 18, 2010, that informed respondents of Schauer's support for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Walberg led with 50 percent to Schauer's 40 percent. A poll by Rossman Group and Team TelCom, conducted on September 20, 2010 with a sample size of 300 likely voters, found Walberg leading with 42 percent to Schauer's 38 percent. An internal poll for Schauer's campaign by Myers Research & Strategic Services, published on September 23, 2010, found Schauer leading in a two-candidate race with 49 percent to Walberg's 45 percent, and in a multi-candidate race with 45 percent to Walberg's 43 percent while third party candidates collectively received 5 percent. In a poll of 404 likely voters conducted between September 25 and 27, 2010, and published by "The Hill" Schauer and Walberg received the support of 41 percent of respondents each, while 13 percent remained undecided. In a poll of 500 likely voters, conducted by Myers Research & Strategic Services on October 3 and 4, 2010, Schauer led with 44 percent to Walberg's 40 percent, while 7 percent supported third party candidates. An EPIC/MRA poll of 400 people, conducted on October 16 and 17, found Schauer leading with 45 percent to Walberg's 39 percent. In a poll conducted for 6 News with a margin of error of plus or minus 5 percent, the results of which were published on October 27, 2010, 50 percent of respondents supported Schauer, while 43 percent favored Walberg, 3 percent chose Wunsch, Aughney and Merle received the support of 1 percent apiece, and 2 percent were undecided. An internal poll with a margin of error of 5.6 percent, conducted by National Research Inc. for Walberg's campaign and published on October 28, 2010, found Walberg leading Schauer by 13 percentage points.
"Sabato's Crystal Ball" rated the race as "Leans Republican". In October 2010 "The Cook Political Report" rated the race as a "toss up" and "CQ Politics" rated the race as a "tossup". In November 2010 "The Rothenberg Political Report" rated the race as a "Pure Toss-up". Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEights forecast gave Walberg a 59 percent chance of winning and projected that he would receive 49 percent of the vote to Schauer's 48 percent. On election day Walberg was elected with 50 percent of the vote to Schauer's 45 percent. Walberg was again re-elected in 2012. In May 2013 Schauer announced he would run for Governor of Michigan in 2014.
District 8.
The 8th district included East Lansing, Holt and part of Lansing. Industries in the district included auto manufacturing, higher education and state government. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 53 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 46 percent to Republican nominee John McCain.
Republican Mike Rogers, who took office in 2001, was the incumbent. Rogers was re-elected in 2008 with 57 percent of the vote. Rogers announced in February 2009 that he would not run for Governor of Michigan in 2010. Rogers's opponent in 2010 was Democratic nominee Lance Enderle, who ran Leslie's alternative education program. Libertarian Party nominee Bhagwan Dashairya, the president and chief executive officer of Dashairya & Associates, also ran. Rogers ran unopposed in the Republican primary. Enderle ran unopposed as a write-in candidate in the Democratic primary after health care analyst Kande Ngalamulume suspended his campaign after the withdrawal deadline.
Rogers raised $1,778,687 and spent $861,244. Enderle raised $12,339 and spent $12,169. Ngalamulume raised $27,036 and spent the same amount.
Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Rogers a 100 percent chance of winning and projected that he would receive 63 percent of the vote to Enderle's 34 percent. On election day Rogers was re-elected with 64 percent of the vote to Enderle's 34 percent. Rogers and Enderle both ran again in 2012, when Rogers was again re-elected.
District 9.
The 9th district included Auburn Hills, Farmington Hills, Pontiac, Rochester Hills, Troy and parts of Royal Oak and Waterford. Industries in the district included auto manufacturing, engineering and health care. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 56 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 43 percent to Republican nominee John McCain. In 2010 the district had a Cook Partisan Voter Index of D+2.
Democrat Gary Peters, who took office in 2009, was the incumbent. Peters was elected in 2008 with 52 percent of the vote. In January 2010 Peters said he would not run for Governor of Michigan that year. Peters's opponent in 2010 was Republican nominee Rocky Raczkowski, a former member of the Michigan Legislature. Green Party nominee Douglas Campbell, an engineer; and independent candidate Matthew Kuofie, a professor at institutions including the University of Michigan, also ran. Libertarian Party nominee Adam Goodman, a district manager for Ovations Dining; and independent candidate Bob Gray, an educator and former member of the executive board of the Michigan Republican Party, both of whose names appeared on the ballot, ended their campaigns prior to the election.
Peters ran unopposed in the Democratic primary. Anna Janek, a beauty consultant; Richard Kuhn, a former circuit court judge; and Paul Welday, a businessman, also sought the Republican nomination. Gene Goodman, a manufacturer, ran as a Republican but ended his campaign in May 2010. A poll of 120 likely Republican voters, conducted by Mitchell Research & Communication for Welday's campaign on March 31 and April 1, 2010 and on April 4 and 5, 2010, found Welday leading with 25 percent to Raczkowski's 17 percent, while Goodman received 2 percent. In a poll of 900 likely Republican voters, conducted by Strategic National for Raczkowski's campaign on April 29, 2010, 26 percent of respondents favored Raczkowski while 15 percent supported Welday and 59 percent were undecided.
Peters raised $3,284,646 and spent $3,236,452. Raczkowski raised $2,038,244 and spent $1,995,898. Kuhn raised $51,378 and spent the same amount. Welday raised $561,897 and spent $560,794. Goodman raised $16,118 and spent the same amount.
In a poll conducted by The Rossman Group and Team TelCom, the results of which were published in September 2010, 45 percent of the 300 respondents intended to vote for Raczkowski while 41 percent supported Peters and 10 percent were undecided. A poll of 400 people, conducted by EPIC/MRA on October 16 and 17, 2010, found Peters leading with 48 percent to Raczkowski's 43 percent. In a poll by Great Lakes Strategies, published later in October 2010 and with a sample size of 700, Raczkowski led with 48 percent to Peters's 43 percent. 
"Sabato's Crystal Ball" rated the race as "Leans Democratic". In October 2010, "The Cook Political Report" rated the race as "Lean Democratic" and "CQ Politics" rated the race as "Likely Democratic". In November 2010 "The Rothenberg Political Report" rated the race as "Lean Democrat". Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEights forecast gave Peters a 76 percent chance of winning and projected that he would receive 51 percent of the vote to Raczkowski's 47 percent.
On election day Peters was re-elected with 50 percent of the vote to Raczkowski's 47 percent. In 2012 Peters was again re-elected in the new 14th district; and in May 2013 he announced he would run for the U.S. Senate in 2014.
District 10.
The 10th district included Port Huron, Shelby and part of Sterling Heights. Industries in the district include agriculture, auto manufacturing and recreation. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 50 percent of its vote to Republican nominee John McCain and 48 percent to Democratic nominee Barack Obama.
Republican Candice Miller, who took office in 2003, was the incumbent. Miller was re-elected in 2008 with 66 percent of the vote. In 2010 her opponent in the general election was Democratic nominee Henry Yanez, a firefighter and paramedic. Libertarian Party nominee Claude Beavers, a private practice attorney; and Green Party nominee Candace R. Caveny, a retired Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine, also ran. Both Miller and Yanez ran unopposed in their respective party primaries.
Miller raised $761,649 and spent $846,119. Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Miller a 100 percent chance of winning and projected that she would receive 69 percent of the vote to Yanez's 29 percent. On election day Miller was re-elected with 72 percent of the vote to Yanez's 25 percent. Miller was again re-elected in 2012.
District 11.
The 11th district included Canton, Garden City, Livonia, Novi, Redford and Westland. Industries in the district included auto manufacturing, engineering and health care. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 54 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 45 percent to Republican nominee John McCain.
Republican Thaddeus McCotter, who took office in 2003, was the incumbent. McCotter was re-elected in 2008 with 51 percent of the vote. In 2010 McCotter's opponent in the general election was Democratic nominee Natalie Mosher, a nonprofit consultant. Libertarian Party nominee John J. Tatar, the owner of a construction company, also ran. McCotter and Mosher were unopposed in their respective party primaries. Andy Dillon, the speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives, said in March 2009 that he would not seek the Democratic nomination.
McCotter raised $1,195,301 and spent $870,514. Mosher raised $307,081 and spent the same amount. Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave McCotter a 99 percent chance of winning and projected that he would receive 58 percent of the vote to Mosher's 39 percent. On election day McCotter was re-elected with 59 percent of the vote to Mosher's 38 percent.
In July 2011, McCotter announced he would run for president in 2012. McCotter ended his campaign in September 2011 and resigned as a U.S. Representative in June 2012 after failing to qualify for the primary ballot. He was succeeded by Democrat David Curson. In September 2013 Mosher announced she would seek a seat in the Michigan House of Representatives in 2014.
District 12.
The 12th district included Clinton, Roseville, Southfield, St. Clair Shores, Warren and part of Sterling Heights. Industries in the district included auto manufacturing and auto and tank research and design. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 65 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 33 percent to Republican nominee John McCain.
Democrat Sander Levin, who took office in 1983, was the incumbent. He was re-elected in 2008 with 72 percent of the vote. In 2010 his opponent in the general election was Republican nominee Don Volaric, the owner of a health insurance agency. Natural Law Party nominee Alan Jacquemotte; Libertarian Party nominee Leonard Schwartz, a lawyer and former professor of business law; U.S. Taxpayers Party nominee Les Townsend, a former officer of the Internal Revenue Service; and Green Party nominee Julia Williams, an critical care and emergency room nurse, also ran.
Michael Switalski, a member of the Michigan Senate, also sought the Democratic nomination. In a poll of 400 likely Democratic primary voters, taken on March 17 and 18, 2010 by the Mellmann Group for Levin's campaign, 62 percent of respondents favored Levin while 14 percent supported Switalski and 24 percent were undecided. Volaric was unopposed in the Republican primary.
Levin raised $2,345,155 and spent $2,392,309. Volaric raised $62,174 and spent $57,383. Switalski raised $51,553 and spent $46,450.
Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Levin a 100 percent chance of winning and projected that he would receive 67 percent of the vote to Volaric's 30 percent. On election day Levin was re-elected with 61 percent of the vote to Volaric's 35 percent. Levin and Volaric both ran again in 2012, when Levin was again re-elected.
District 13.
The 13th district included parts of Detroit and Lincoln Park. Industries in the district included auto manufacturing and government. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 85 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 14 percent to Republican nominee John McCain.
Democrat Carolyn Cheeks Kilpatrick, who took office in 1997, was the incumbent. Kilpatrick was re-elected in 2008 with 74 percent of the vote. In 2010 Hansen Clarke, a member of the Michigan Senate, successfully challenged Kilpatrick in the Democratic primary. In the general election Clarke faced Republican nominee John Hauler, a military contractor and the founder of the Metro Detroit Freedom Coalition; Green Party nominee George Corsetti, a criminal defense attorney; independent candidate Duane Montgomery, an information system consultant; and Libertarian Party nominee Heidi Peterson, an actress and model. John W. Broad, the president of Crime Stoppers of Michigan; Vincent T. Brown, a community organizer with Clean Water Action; Stephen Hume, a boat yard operator; and Glenn Plummer, the founder and chair of the Christian Television Network, also sought the Democratic nomination. Hauler ran unopposed in the Republican primary.
In a poll with a sample size of 137, conducted by Practical Political Consulting and Inside Michigan Politics and released in June 2010, Clarke led with 27 percent to Kilpatrick's 19 percent. A poll of 400 likely voters conducted by EPIC/MRA on July 6 and 7, 2010 found Clarke leading with 44 percent to Kilpatrick's 31 percent, while Broad, Brown, Hume and Plummer collectively received 9 percent. In a poll conducted by "The Detroit News" and WDIV, released on July 16, 2010, 38 percent of respondents supported Clarke while 30 percent favored Kilpatrick.
Kilpatrick raised $640,991 and spent $784,219. Clarke raised $578,399 and spent $346,510. Hauler raised $33,160 and spent $16,855. Broad raised $228,690 and spent $133,148. Plummer raised $55,113 and spent $53,401.
Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Clarke a 100 percent chance of winning and projected that he would receive 68 percent of the vote to Hauler's 29 percent. On election day Clarke was re-elected with 79 percent of the vote to Hauler's 18 percent. In 2010 Clarke ran unsuccessfully in the Democratic primary in the redrawn 14th district, while Hauler was again unsuccessful as the Republican nominee.
District 14.
The 14th district included Allen Park, Hamtramck, Southgate and parts of Dearborn and Detroit. Industries in the district include auto and auto parts manufacturing and health care. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 86 percent of its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 13 percent to Republican nominee John McCain.
Democrat John Conyers, who took office in 1965, was the incumbent. Conyers was re-elected in 2008 with 92 percent of the vote. In 2010 his opponent in the general election was Republican nominee Don Ukrainec, an instructor in the Riverview Community School District. Libertarian Party nominee Richard J. Secula, a former skilled tradesman; and U.S. Taxpayers Party nominee Marc J. Sosnowski, a property manager, also ran. Conyers was unopposed in the Democratic primary. Pauline Montie, the owner of Montie's Shell, Montie's Service and Al's Garage, also sought the Republican nomination.
Conyers raised $1,137,010 and spent $1,127,587. Ukrainec raised $16,506 and raised the same amount. Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Conyers a 100 percent chance of winning and projected that he would receive 77 percent of the vote to Ukrainec's 21 percent. On election day Conyers was re-elected with 77 percent of the vote to Ukrainec's 20 percent. Conyers was again re-elected in 2012.
District 15.
The 15th district included Inkster, Monroe, Romulus, Taylor and parts of Ann Arbor, Dearborn and Dearborn Heights. Industries in the district included auto and auto parts manufacturing, higher education, medical research and steel. In the 2008 presidential election the district gave 66 percent its vote to Democratic nominee Barack Obama and 33 percent to Republican nominee John McCain.
Democrat John Dingell, who took office in 1955, was the incumbent. Dingell was re-elected in 2008 with 71 percent of the vote. In 2010 Dingell's opponent in the general election was Republican nominee Rob Steele, a cardiologist. U.S. Taxpayers Party nominee Matthew Lawrence Furman, who formerly worked in equipment repair and maintenance at the University of Michigan; Libertarian Party nominee Kerry L. Morgan, an attorney; and Green Party nominee Aimee Smith, the vice chair of the Green Party of Michigan, also ran. Dingell was unopposed in the Democratic primary. Tony Amorose, a teacher with Dearborn Public Schools; John J. "Jack" Lynch, a database systems project manager with the Eaton Corporation; and Majed A. Moughni, an attorney, also sought the Republican nomination. 
Dingell raised $1,960,195 and spent $2,790,616. Steele raised $1,059,929 and spent the same amount. Amorose raised $6,475 and spent $6,370. Lynch raised $17,750 and spent $17,971.
In a poll of 400 likely voters, conducted in the week preceding September 20, 2010 by Glengariff Group Inc., 49 percent of respondents supported Dingell while 30 percent favored Steele. A poll with a sample size of 300, conducted by the Rossman Group and Team TelCom on October 4, 2010, found Steele leading with 44 percent to Dingell's 40 percent while 11 percent were undecided. In a poll of 400 likely voters, conducted by EPIC/MRA between October 16 and 19, 2010, Dingell led with 53 percent to Steele's 36 percent.
Prior to the election "FiveThirtyEight"'s forecast gave Dingell a 100 percent chance of winning and projected that he would receive 59 percent of the vote to Steele's 38 percent. On election day Dingell was re-elected with 57 percent of the vote to Steele's 40 percent. Dingell was again re-elected in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20727721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727721" title="Artificial Christmas tree">
Artificial Christmas tree

Artificial Christmas trees are artificial pine and fir trees manufactured for the specific purpose of use as a Christmas tree. The earliest artificial Christmas trees were wooden, tree-shaped pyramids or feather trees, both developed by Germans. Most modern trees are made of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) but many other types of trees have been and are available, including aluminum Christmas trees and fiber-optic illuminated Christmas trees.
History.
The first artificial Christmas trees were developed in Germany during the 19th century, though earlier examples exist. These "trees" were made using goose feathers that were dyed green. The German feather trees were one response by Germans to continued deforestation in Germany. Developed in the 1880s, the feather trees became increasingly popular during the early part of the 20th century. The German feather trees eventually made their way to the United States where they became rather popular as well. In fact, the use of natural Christmas trees in the United States was pre-dated by a type of artificial tree. These first trees were wooden, tree-shaped pyramids lit by candles, they were developed in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania by the German Moravian Church in 1747.
Types of artificial trees.
Feathers.
Feather Christmas trees, originally of German origin, became popular in the United States as well. Feather trees were initially made of green-dyed goose feathers which were attached to wire branches. These wire branches were then wrapped around a central dowel which acted as the trunk Feather Christmas trees ranged widely in size, from a small 2 inch tree to a large 98 inch tree sold in department stores during the 1920s. Often, the tree branches were tipped with artificial red berries which acted as candle holders. The branches were widely spaced to keep the candles from starting a fire, which allowed ample space for ornamentation. Other benefits touted for feather trees included the elimination of a trip to the tree lot and the lack of shed needles.
Brush bristles.
In 1930 the U.S.-based Addis Brush Company created the first artificial Christmas tree made from brush bristles. The company used the same machinery that it used to manufacture toilet brushes. The trees were made from the same animal-hair bristles used in the brushes, save they were dyed green. For a time, the brush trees were immensely popular, with large numbers exported to Great Britain, where the trees also became popular. These brush trees offered advantages over the earlier feather trees. They could accept heavier ornamentation, and were not nearly as flammable.
Aluminum.
Aluminium Christmas trees are a type of artificial tree that are made largely from aluminium. The trees were manufactured in the United States, first in Chicago in 1958, and later in Manitowoc, Wisconsin where the majority of the trees were produced. Aluminum trees were manufactured into the 1970s, and had their height of popularity from their inception until about 1965. That year "A Charlie Brown Christmas" aired for the first time, and its negative portrayal of aluminium Christmas trees is credited for a subsequent decline in sales.
Plastic.
Most artificial Christmas trees are made from PVC plastic. PVC trees are fire-retardant but not fire-resistant. Many of these trees are made in China; from January to August 2005 $69 million worth of artificial trees from China entered the United States.
The prelit tree has become increasingly popular in the United States and Germany as well, most prelit trees are not made from recycled plastic materials because all prelit trees are being classified into the categories of electrical products and are subject to the mandatory regulations for the safety standards of electrical products e.g. UL, CSA, GS, BS and RoHS. Artificial Christmas trees may be "frosted" or "glittered" and designed for outdoor uses with UV additives. Plastic trees can come in a variety of different colors, and one type came with built-in speakers and an MP3 player.
Companies such as Mountain King, Barcana and the National Tree Company have marketed increasingly realistic PVC trees made to closely resemble Douglas fir, Ponderosa pine or other common types of Christmas trees. ChristmasLightsEtc.com released trees with patented TruTip technology, a mix of PVC and PE fibers sculpted from fir and pine trees for a very realistic appearance. During the 1990s trees not only began to appear more realistic but some also smelled more realistic. Many of these more modern models came with pre-strung lights and hinged branches which simply had to be snapped into position.
Other.
Trends in artificial tree consumption have constantly evolved and a number of designer and other types of artificial Christmas trees have appeared on the market. Fiber optic trees come in two major varieties, one resembles a traditional Christmas tree. The other type of fiber optic Christmas tree is one where the entire tree is made of wispy fiber optic cable, a tree composed entirely of light. David Gutshall, of Johnstown, Pennsylvania, received a patent for the latter type of fiber optic tree in 1998.
One Dallas-based company offers "holographic mylar" trees in many hues. Tree-shaped objects made from such materials as cardboard, glass, ceramic or other materials can be found in use as tabletop decorations. Upside-down artificial Christmas trees were originally introduced as a marketing gimmick; they allowed consumers to get closer to ornaments for sale in retail stores as well as opened up floor space for more products. There were three varieties of upside-down trees, those bolted to the ceiling, stand alone trees with a base, and half-trees bolted to walls.
Culture.
The tradition of putting up and decorating a Christmas tree is nothing new. It is the iconic symbol of the holiday and has become a focal point in the homes of those who participate in Christmas festivities. It is a ritual activity that many have fond memories of and there is a nostalgia to having a real tree. However, there was a change from classic to modern and this change occurred when a numerous amount of other artifacts became plasticized. The culture of Christmas intersects with the culture of plastic, and so the artificial Christmas tree is born. Its popularity has grown since its invention, creating a new demand. “Reports cite a 34 percent drop in live tree sales the past decade, and a 30 percent rise last year alone in the sale of fake trees, to 9.6 million”. A demand for plastic starts with economics: how cheap plastic objects are compared to their non-plastic counterpart. “…uncertain economic times ensure more Americans will be looking at Christmas trees as an investment…a single artificial Christmas tree costs 70 percent less than the purchase of ten real Christmas trees over the same period of time”. All of this mixed with our convenience culture that enjoys the ease of new technologies, the artificial Christmas tree has blossomed into the holiday staple that it is today.
In 1992, in the United States, about 46 percent of homes displaying Christmas trees displayed an artificial tree. Twelve years later, a 2004 ABC News/"Washington Post" poll revealed that 58 percent of U.S. residents used an artificial tree instead of a natural tree. The real versus artificial tree debate has been popular in mass media through the early 21st century. The debate is a frequent topic of news articles during the Christmas holiday season. Early 21st century coverage of the debate focused on the decrease in natural Christmas tree sales, and rise in artificial tree sales over the late 1990s and early 2000s.
The rise in popularity of artificial trees did not go unnoticed by the Christmas tree farming industry in the United States. In 2004, the U.S. Christmas tree industry hired the advertising agency Smith-Harroff to spearhead an ad campaign aimed at rejuvenating lagging sales of natural trees. --> A 1975 poll by Michigan State University showed the reasons why consumers were beginning to prefer artificial over natural Christmas trees. The reasons included safety, one-time purchasing, and environmental responsibility but the biggest reason respondents gave pollsters was no messy needle clean up.
Production.
Most artificial Christmas trees are manufactured in the Pearl River Delta area in China.Between January and September 2011, over 79.7 million dollars worth of artificial Christmas trees were exported to the United States. The number of imported artificial Christmas trees imported to United States rose 139 million in the same nine month period in 2012. Promoters of artificial trees highlight them as convenient, reusable, and of better quality than artificial trees of old. Supporters also note that some apartment buildings have banned natural trees because of fire concerns.
There is also a robust market for artificial Christmas trees in Poland. An estimated 20 percent of all Christmas trees sold in Poland are artificial, and many are made domestically by individual families. One producer from Koziegłówki stated that every other house was an artificial tree producers. The trees are made from a special film which is imported mostly from China or Thailand. Entire families take part in production and the trees are sold throughout Poland with some being exported to the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The main artificial Christmas tree producer in Poland is in Piła.
Environmental issues.
General issues.
The debate about the environmental impact of artificial trees is ongoing. Generally, natural tree growers contend that artificial trees are more environmentally harmful than their natural counterpart. On the other side of the debate, trade groups such as the American Christmas Tree Association, continue to refute that artificial trees are more harmful to the environment and maintain that the PVC used in Christmas trees has excellent recyclable properties. One researcher at Kansas State University called the idea that artificial trees are eco-friendly an "urban myth".
Lead contamination.
In the past, lead was often used as a stabilizer in PVC, but it is now prohibited by Chinese laws. Most PVC materials for making artificial Christmas trees are now using tin as a stabilizer. PVC was used in some of the 2007 recalled Chinese toys. A 2004 study found that while in general artificial trees pose little health risk from lead contamination, there do exist "worst-case scenarios" where major health risks to young children are present. The lead author of the 2004 study, Dr. Richard Maas, noted in 2005: "We found that if we leave one of these trees standing for a week, and we wipe under the tree we’ll find large amounts of lead dust in many cases under the tree".
In 2007, U.S. Senator Charles Schumer (D-NY) asked the Consumer Products Safety Commission to investigate lead levels in Chinese imported artificial trees. Lead-free artificial Christmas trees do exist; for example, one U.S.-based company uses barium instead of lead as a stabilizer in its PVC trees. A 2008 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency report found that as the PVC in artificial Christmas trees aged it began to degrade. The report determined that of the 50 million artificial trees in the United States approximately 20 million were 9 or more years old, the point where dangerous lead contamination levels are reached.

</doc>
<doc id="20727725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727725" title="Williams Creek (British Columbia)">
Williams Creek (British Columbia)

Williams Creek is an important historical gold mining creek in the Cariboo goldfields of the Central Interior of British Columbia, entering the Willow River between Barkerville and the town of Wells, which is at the headwaters of the Willow River.
Williams Creek is named for Wilhelm Dietz, a Prussian sailor who was one of a party that set out from Lightning Creek and was the first to discover gold on this creek, which was quickly staked by his companions and soon after by others. Williams Creek because the most important and richest digging in the Cariboo goldfields, giving birth to the towns of Richfield, Barkerville and Cameronton, which collectively were also known as Williams Creek. Barkerville and Camerontown were named for two of Dietz's companions, Billy Barker and John Cameron, Barker being the most famous and at times the richest of the Cariboo gold miners. Dietz's claim was not a money-maker and he died in poverty.
Brief History of Williams Creek and the Cariboo goldfields.
The Cariboo gold belt has a storied history as a gold field dating back to the late 1850s. It is estimated that placer gold in excess of 2 million ounces was captured in the area during the 19th Century. Chief Trader Donald McLean, of the Hudson's Bay Company, is said to have traded gold dust from the First Nations people as early as 1852:
"The reputed wealth of the Couteau mines (local name for the Thompson-Fraser area) is causing much excitement amongst the population of the United States of Washington and Oregon, and I have no doubt that a great number of people from those territories will be attracted thither (here) in he spring."
In the early 1860s when placer gold production peaked, the search began for lode gold deposits. The Black Jack (Lot 1.B), Home Stake (Lot 4.B), Cornish (Lot 1.F) and the Wintrip (Lot 32.F) were among the first claims to be staked in the area.
During the period 1877-1892, prospecting and testing was done on the major veins: Bonanza (B.C.) Vein, Steadman Vein, Pinkerton Vein, Black Jack Vein (Westport), Proserpine Vein, Perkins Vein and Mount Burns Vein. In 1877-1892, Black Jack and Burns Co. sank a shaft (180 feet) on the Black Jack claim from which three levels were established with a few hundred feet of drifts and crosscuts. Assays greater than $70 per ton were reported.
The larger Cariboo area was home to a number of producing gold mines during the 20th Century. These included the Cariboo Gold Quartz, Island Mountain/Aurum and Mosquito Creek Gold mines. The Cariboo Gold Quartz mine operated from 1933 to 1959 reportedly producing in excess of 600,000 ounces of gold. Island Mountain and Mosquito Creek, which operated between 1934–1967 and 1980-1983 respectively, are reported to have produced 603,800 ounces of gold grading 0.67 ounces of gold per ton of ore. A reporting assessing the gold field potential, Geology of the Cariboo Gold Quartz Mine, Wells, B. C, was published by A. C. Skerl in the November 1948 Society of Economic Geologists.
Today’s Gold Explorations Continue.
Barkerville, site of WCX’s Barkerville Project, is a historical gold zone. Government records indicate that millions of ounces of alluvial gold were removed from the Barkerville area during the 19th Century.
Williams Creek Explorations Limited.
formerly Williams Creek Gold Quartz Mining Co. Limited, has existed either as a private company or a public company listed on the Montreal Stock Exchange, the Vancouver Stock Exchange or the Canadian Venture Exchange since June 19, 1946, save for a period of dormancy between 1981 and 1987. WCX’s principal purpose upon incorporation was the exploration of highly prospective claims in the Barkerville region, including the Black Jack claim (Lot 1.B).

</doc>
<doc id="20727755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727755" title="Vitamin D5">
Vitamin D5

Vitamin D5 is a form of vitamin D.
Analogues have been proposed for use as antitumor agents.

</doc>
<doc id="20727759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727759" title="Cobalt sulfide">
Cobalt sulfide

Cobalt sulfide is the name for chemical compounds with a formula CoxSy. Well-characterized species include minerals with the formula CoS2 and Co3S4, and the synthetic material Co9S8. In combination with molybdenum, the sulfides of cobalt are used as catalysts for the industrial process called hydrodesulfurization, which is implemented on a large scale in refineries.
Cobalt sulfides precipitate when aqueous solutions of cobalt(II) ions are treated with hydrogen sulfide. This reaction is useful in the purification of cobalt from its ores as well as in qualitative inorganic analysis. In general, the sulfides of cobalt are black, semiconducting, insoluble in water, and nonstoichiometric. They react with strong acids to release hydrogen sulfide gas again. They are weak reducing agents and can be oxidized to cobalt sulfate.
Cobalt sulfide exists in two forms: alpha and beta.
Minerals.
The best defined sulfides of cobalt occur as minerals. The rare mineral cattierite has the stoichiometry CoS2. It is isostructural with iron pyrite, featuring disulfide groups, i.e. Co2+S22-. Linnaeite, also rare, has the formula Co3S4 and crystallizes in the spinel motif.

</doc>
<doc id="20727781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727781" title="South Australian state election, 1956">
South Australian state election, 1956

State elections were held in Australia on 3 March 1956. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Mick O'Halloran.

</doc>
<doc id="20727787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727787" title="Georgiy Zhylin">
Georgiy Zhylin

Georgiy Semenovich Zhylin (, August 18, 1925 – September 12, 1997) was a Ukrainian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he won the silver medal with his partner Ihor Yemchuk in the double sculls event.
Four years later he was a crew member of the Soviet boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20727808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727808" title="CatSper3">
CatSper3

CatSper3, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CATSPER3" gene. CatSper3 is a member of the cation channels of sperm family of proteins. The four proteins in this family together form a Ca2+-permeant ion channel specific essential for the correct function of sperm cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20727855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727855" title="Jacob Meyer">
Jacob Meyer

Jacob Meyer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20727856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727856" title="Ihor Yemchuk">
Ihor Yemchuk

Ihor Fedorovich Yemchuk (, August 20, 1930 – March 5, 2008) was an Ukrainian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he won the silver medal with his partner Georgiy Zhylin in the double sculls event.
Four years later he was a crew member of the Soviet boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20727906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727906" title="Jorginho Putinatti">
Jorginho Putinatti

Jorge Antônio Putinatti, or better known as Jorginho Putinatti (born August 23, 1959 in Marília, Brazil) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20727907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727907" title="MRS Logística">
MRS Logística

MRS Logística S.A. is a freight rail company located in Brazil that operates of track. It is the concessionary company that operates the Southestearn Federal Railroad Network (formerly SR3 - Juiz de Fora and SR4 - São Paulo of Rede Ferrovária Federal S/A).
History.
The operation started in 1996, combining the lines Rio de Janeiro-São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro-Belo Horizonte, São Paulo-Santos and Ferrovia do Aço ("Railroad of Steel").
These lines are in the richest and populous area of Brazil (54% of Brazil's GDP), and MRS has connection to three of the most important seaports of Brazil, Rio de Janeiro, Itaguaí and Santos. The company also has a connection to the privately owned iron ore terminal of MBR in Ilha de Guaíba on Angra dos Reis bay.
Shareholder structure.
The control of the company is shared by:

</doc>
<doc id="20727910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727910" title="Jakob Sporrenberg">
Jakob Sporrenberg

Jakob Sporrenberg (16 September 1902 – 6 December 1952) was a SS-"Gruppenführer und Generalleutnant der Polizei" in Minsk, Belarus and Lublin, Poland. After the war, Sporrenberg stood trial in Poland and was convicted in 1950 of war crimes and sentenced to death. He was executed in December 1952.
Biography.
Jakob Sporrenberg was born on 16 September 1902 in Düsseldorf, Germany. Sporrenberg joined the NSDAP in 1925. In 1929 he was appointed an SA officer and one year later joined the SS, rising to the rank of SS-"Brigadeführer" by 1933. In January 1940, he was promoted to the rank of SS-"Gruppenführer" ("Generalleutnant"). From 1941 to 1943, he was SS and Police Leader (SSPF) in Minsk. In 1943 he was assigned to the staff of General Erich von dem Bach to combat partisans.
Sporrenberg subsequently succeeded Odilo Globocnik as SS and Police Leader of Lublin, in the "Generalgouvernement" of occupied Poland in August 1943. In this capacity, Sporrenberg organized the Operation "Harvest Festival" there.
In November 1944 Sporrenberg and several of his staff were redeployed to Norway. There Sporrenberg served as SS and Police Leader of "Süd-Norwegen" (South Norway). In May 1945, Sporrenberg and his staff were captured by British forces. Their interrogation shed much light on Globocnik's activities in Lublin. One outcome of his interrogation was the transfer of Sporrenberg from the PWIS Detachment (Norway) in Oslo to the MI19 interrogation centre in Kensington Palace Gardens, London, known as the "London Cage"; for further questioning by the War Crimes Interrogation Unit. This established his participation in a number of war crimes committed in Poland and the Soviet Union.
Postwar.
Sporrenberg was extradited to Poland in October 1946, and sentenced to death by a Polish court in Warsaw in 1950, the sentence being carried out on 6 December 1952 when he was executed by hanging.
Sporrenberg has since been linked to the alleged German secret project "Die Glocke" (The Bell) by Polish writer Igor Witkowski, who claimed to have discovered the existence of "Die Glocke" from transcripts of an interrogation by Polish authorities of Sporrenberg. Witkowski claims to have gained access to read the transcripts through an unnamed contact in the Polish intelligence service. The interrogation and its contents have no primary documentation aside from Witkowski.

</doc>
<doc id="20727920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727920" title="South Australian state election, 1953">
South Australian state election, 1953

State elections were held in Australia on 7 March 1953. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Mick O'Halloran.

</doc>
<doc id="20727927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727927" title="CatSper4">
CatSper4

CatSper4, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CATSPER4" gene. CatSper1 is a member of the cation channels of sperm family of protein. The four proteins in this family together form a Ca2+-permeant ion channel specific essential for the correct function of sperm cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20727931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727931" title="Adolph Luetgert">
Adolph Luetgert

Adolph Louis Luetgert (December 27, 1845 – July 7, 1899) was a German-American charged with murdering his wife and dissolving her body in lye in one of his sausage vats at the A.L. Luetgert Sausage & Packing Company in 1897.
Luetgert, born in Gütersloh, Westphalia (now Germany), moved to Chicago, Illinois in the 1870s. He married his wife Louisa Bicknese on January 18, 1878. Luetgert ran the successful A.L. Luetgert Sausage & Packing Company and was considered the "sausage king" of Chicago until being accused of murdering his wife and being sentenced to life in prison on February 9, 1898 where he died about a year and a half later.
After the news of the trial became public, rumors spread that Luetgert had actually turned his wife into sausage and sold the "sausage" to unknowing consumers. Although this has been proven to be false as her body was dissolved and burned, the legend persists to this day. Another common legend about the murder is that the ghost of Louisa Luetgert haunts the old factory grounds and the couple's former home in Chicago.
Early life.
Adolph Louis Luetgert, born on December 27, 1845, was originally named Adolph Ludwig Lütgert. He was born in a town called Gütersloh, located in the province Westphalia, which is now a part of Germany.
His parents, Christian Heinrich Lütgert and Margreta Sophia Severin, had ten other children besides Adolph; eight other sons and two daughters. Adolph was the third born in the family, and he also had a twin named Heinrich Friedrich "Fritz" Luetgert, who died before Adolph around 1894 or 1895. While Adolph was growing up, his father dealt with animal hides and tallow wool as well a dabbling into real estate.
Adolph's schooling lasted from about the age of seven until the age of fourteen and after those seven years of schooling, Adolph became an apprentice for Ferdinand Knabel who taught him about the tanning business. During the time of the apprenticeship, Adolph continued to live in Westphalia however as an apprentice he lived with his boss instead of his family. After working for Knabel for two and a half years, Luetgert began to travel around Germany, working wherever he could. At the age of nineteen, Luetgert traveled to London, England where he stayed for about six months but left because he was unable to find a job other than scrubbing restaurant floors.
Life in America.
Adolph Luetgert came to New York in around 1865 or 1866 when he was about twenty years old. Like many others, he had heard that thousands of his countrymen were going to America with very little money. With about thirty dollars to his name, Luetgert boarded a ship bound for the United States.
Luetgert arrived in New York and after a short time there he went to Quincy, Illinois to meet up with some friends of his brother who were living there. He stayed in Quincy for about four months before moving to Chicago in search of a job at a tannery. He found a job at Union Hide and Leather Company. He did not have a steady job or constant pay at the tannery, so he began to also take on random jobs such as moving houses. From 1867 to 1868, Luetgert got a job at another tannery called Engle, Crossley & Co. He then worked at another tannery called Craig, Clark & Company, but later returned to work at the Engle Brother's Tannery until 1872.
Luetgert then started his own business with the four thousand dollars he had saved. Initially, he went into the liquor business before starting his sausage company in 1879.
He married his first wife, Caroline Roepke, sometime between 1870 and 1872. She died on November 17, 1877. He married his second wife Louise Bicknese, two months after Caroline's death, on January 18, 1878. Luetgert had six children—two with Caroline and four with Louise. Only three of his children survived past the age of 2.
Murder and police investigation.
Louisa disappeared on May 1, 1897. Adolph told his children that their mother had gone to visit her sister on the previous night but never came back. After a few days, Louisa's brother, Diedrich Bicknese went to the police to report her disappearance. Luetgert then claimed to the police that she ran away with another man.
During their investigation, the police came to know that the couple had a history of domestic violence and that the couple fought on a regular basis. According to a source, Luetgert had financial difficulties so he started courting a rich widow who he planned to marry once he got rid of his wife. The police continued their investigation and discovered that on the night of May 1, 1897, the night Louisa disappeared, she was seen entering the factory with her husband at 10:30pm. A watchman from the sausage plant confirmed the story, saying that Mr. Luetgert gave him an errand to run and told him that he could take the rest of the night off.
The police also made a shocking discovery; they came across bills that stated that Luetgert bought arsenic and potash the day before the murder. Due to all the accumulated evidence the detective was convinced that Luetgert had killed his wife, boiled her in lye and then disposed of her in a factory furnace.
The officers then started searching in the furnace where they found burned foul sausages and human residue. There, they also found two of Louisa's rings, including one that had the initials "LL" engraved on it. Bone fragments identified by a forensic anthropologist included metatarsal bones, toe phalanx, rib and head of a human female. Due to the overwhelming evidence, Luetgert, still claiming his innocence, was arrested and put on trial.
Trial.
Adolph Luetgert's murder trial began in the end of August in 1897 and took place in the Cook County courthouse with Judge Richard Tuthill. Luetgert was defended by William Vincent. Luetgert was prosecuted by Charles Deneen, who would later be elected Governor of Illinois and a U.S. Senator for Illinois. The trial revolved around the disappearance of Louise Luetgert, Adolph's wife, on May 1, 1897. The prosecution had used bones and a ring found in one of the grinders in Luetgert's sausage factory as its main evidence. The ring was inscribed with the initials L.L., presumably standing for Louise Luetgert. The defense argued Louise Luetgert had left her house on May 1, 1897 and also cited many claims of people that they had seen her around the United States following the beginning of the trial. During the trial, observers thought that Luetgert seemed unconcerned and overly confident that he would be found innocent. The jury was unable to reach a unanimous verdict, so the case was retried.
Luetgert's second trial began in January 1898 at the same courthouse. The prosecution then used George Amos Dorsey, an anthropologist at the Field Columbian Museum in Chicago, to prove that the bones found were human bones. This time, the jury came to a unanimous decision, that Luetgert was guilty. Luetgert was convicted and sentenced to life in prison. Luetgert died in prison on July 7, 1899.
This case was one of the first trials widely covered by the media. Newspapers from Chicago would report on it daily and some of them would try to eavesdrop on the jury deliberation. At the time, the case was called the celebrity case and is credited with putting murder trials in the media. This case also was one of the first to use forensic experts to solve a crime.
Myths about Mrs. Luetgert.
There were many "sightings" of Mrs. Luetgert after the trial began. She was sighted in 12 different states but never found. One of the most famous myths was that she was seen boarding a ship in New York bound for Europe. When Adolph heard this he said that he thought she was definitely fleeing the country. The sightings of Louise Leutgert however, never became global.
The factory.
Some claim that the Luetgert factory burned to the ground in 1902, but the research of Robert Loerzel shows that the factory still stands, although a fire actually occurred on June 26, 1904. The fire only burned the inside of the building, destroying things such as the sausage vats, while leaving the external structure still standing.
Today, the factory still stands on the south side of the 1700 block of West Diversey Parkway; however, it has been converted into condominiums similar to the other town homes and condominiums which now are beside it.

</doc>
<doc id="20727947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727947" title="Teodor Kocerka">
Teodor Kocerka

Teodor Kocerka (August 6, 1927 – September 25, 1999) was a Polish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bydgoszcz and died in Warsaw.
In 1952 he won the bronze medal in the single sculls event.
Four years later he finished fourth in the single sculls competition.
At the 1960 Games he won his second bronze medal in the single sculls event.

</doc>
<doc id="20727950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727950" title="Saint Joseph's Church, Envigado">
Saint Joseph's Church, Envigado

The St Joseph's Church (in Spanish, "Iglesia de San José") is a simple gothic revival Roman Catholic church located in Colombia, exactly in Envigado, Antioquia; near "Rosellón", and old textile factory, and part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Medellín.
History.
A farm beside the highway near the textile factory was donated to the parish by the Rendón sisters, Elvira & Lucrecia. Jesus Antonio Duque, the parson, wanted build a new temple on the farm due the increment of inhabitants around the factory. St Joseph was elected as patron saint by Duque's secretary because traditionally St Joseph is the lawyer and friend of the workers. Duque requested permission on May 29 of 1947, and the archdiocese named an assembly for the building with Jesus Antonio Duque, Francisco Restrepo Molina, Julio Uribe Estrada, Aquilino Saldarriaga Ochoa, Nemesio Álvarez and Pastor Garcés Londoño as members.
The plains was commended to an engineer sign, "Colombiana de construcciones", and the direction was assigned to Jesus M. Velez. Durante the building process, some earthquakes happen, but the church was not affected. When the two lateral naves was finished, Duque began the masses on Sundays and holidays since November 7 of 1952. In December 1955 the new parish was erected by the archbishop with Antonio J. Gonzalez as parson since January 29 of 1956. Later, the church was adorned by Gonzalez.

</doc>
<doc id="20727988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727988" title="Henry Cubitt Gooch">
Henry Cubitt Gooch

Sir Henry Cubitt Gooch (7 December 1871 – 15 January 1959) was a British barrister, educationalist and Conservative politician.
Henry Cubitt Gooch was the second son of Charles Cubitt Gooch and Mary Blake, and an older brother to George Peabody Gooch. He was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge before being called to the bar at the Inner Temple. He had a keen interest in education, and was a member of the London School Board from 1897 until its abolition in 1904. In 1907 he was elected to the London County Council, representing Dulwich for the Conservative-supported Municipal Reform Party. He presided over a number of the LCC education committees.
At a by-election in 1908 Gooch was elected as Conservative member of parliament for Peckham, winning the seat from the Liberals. He held the seat at the ensuing election in January 1910, but was defeated by his Liberal opponent in December 1910.
In 1916 the British government appointed two committees to review the provision of education in the United Kingdom. Gooch was made a member of the Modern Languages Committee, which had the duty to advise on the measures that were needed to promote the study of languages ""regards being had to the requiremants of a liberal education, including an appreciation of the hisdtory, literature and civilisation of other countries, and to the interests of commerce and public service"". He was subsequently appointed to the secondary and technical Burnham Committees which set the salary scales for teaching staff.
Gooch continued his association with the London County Council, and served as its chairman in 1923–1924. In 1928 he was knighted as part of the Birthday Honours ""for political and public services in the County of London""
He married Maud Mary Hudleston in 1897, and they had three children. He died in January 1959, aged 87.

</doc>
<doc id="20727999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20727999" title="Phoenix Chorale">
Phoenix Chorale

The Phoenix Chorale (formerly known as the Phoenix Bach Choir) is a professional chamber choir based in Phoenix, Arizona, United States.
The ensemble formed in 1958 as the Bach and Madrigal Society. After years as an amateur ensemble, the group went fully professional (meaning all the singers are compensated) in 1990 and changed its name to the Phoenix Bach Choir under Swedish conductor Anders Öhrwall. From 1992 until 1998, their conductor was Jon Washburn. Since 1998, the Artistic Director of the choir has been Charles Bruffy. In 2004, they signed a recording contract with Chandos Records. Their 2007 recording of works by Alexander Gretchaninov, made in collaboration with the Kansas City Chorale, was nominated for four Grammy Awards: Best Classical Album, Best Choral Performance, Best Surround Sound Album, and Best Engineered Classical Album--and won in the Engineering category. The group's most recent collaboration with the Kansas City Chorale comprises works by Josef Rheinberger and was nominated for two Grammy Awards: Best Choral Performance and Best Surround Sound Album.
In August 2008, the name of the ensemble was changed from the Phoenix Bach Choir to the Phoenix Chorale, and shortly thereafter, the group released a SACD on Chandos Records titled "Spotless Rose: Hymns to the Virgin Mary," which received nominations for two Grammy Awards: Best Classical Album and Best Small Ensemble Performance. At the Grammy pre-telecast awards ceremony on February 8, 2009, the Grammy for Best Small Ensemble Performance was awarded to the chorale and its conductor, Charles Bruffy.

</doc>
<doc id="20728011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728011" title="SS Empire Advocate">
SS Empire Advocate

SS "Empire Advocate was a 5,787 ton steamship which was built in 1913 as the Solfels. She was taken as war reparations in 1919 and renamed Bowes Castle in 1920. In 1932 she was sold to Italy, being renamed Angelina Lauro", being seized in 1940 and renamed "Empire Advocate". She was scrapped at Bo'ness in 1945.
Description.
The ship was long, with a beam of and a depth of . She was propelled by a NHP triple expansion steam engine which was made by J C Tecklenburg AG, Geestemünde, and which could propel her at . As built, she was 5,821 GRT, 3,641 GRT, and 8,800 DWT.
History.
"Solfels" was built by J C Tecklenburg AG, Wesermünde as yard number 255 and launched on 8 April 1913, being completed the following month. She entered service with the Hansa Line, Bremen on 22 May 1913 and served with them for six years until taken as a war prize on 25 May 1919, passing to the British Shipping Controller under the management of H Hogarth & Sons. In 1920, "Solfels" was sold to the Lancashire Shipping Company, who renamed her "Bowes Castle", under the management of Chambers & Co.
In August 1921, forty Mongolian stowaways were discovered aboard "Bowes Castle" at New York. John Thomas, an engineer on "Bowes Castle" was charged with conspiracy to violate the United States immigration laws. On 20 October 1929, "Bowes Castle" struck a reef in the Macassar Strait, Indonesia. She was refloated several days later and proceeded to Sourabaya for inspection before continuing her voyage to New York.
"Bowes Castle" was sold to Achille Lauro, Naples in October 1932, being renamed "Angelina Lauro". On 23 September 1936, collided with "Angelina Lauro" in the English Channel off Ouessant, France. "E M Dalglas" was severely damaged. "Angelina Lauro" was on a voyage from Gdynia, Poland to La Spezia, Italy. On 7 April 1937, "Angelina Lauro" collided with at Port Said, Egypt. On 10 June 1940, "Angelina Lauro" was interned at Liverpool and taken into Ministry of War Transport ownership on 23 July 1940 under the management of Galbraith, Pembroke & Company, London and renamed "Empire Advocate". Part of the cargo she was carrying was 14 casks of red wine, which were sold at auction in London on 27 March 1941 by order of the Prize Court. She served for five years and was sold for scrapping on 16 February 1945 to P & W Maclellan Ltd, Bo'ness.
Convoys.
"Empire Advocate" was a member of a number of convoys.
"Empire Advocate" was in Convoy SL 69 when it departed from Freetown bound for Liverpool on 23 March 1941, but was unable to maintain speed and proceeded to her destination independent of the main convoy.
Convoy ON 8 which Liverpool on 16 August and arrived at Reykjavík on 21 August, dispersing on the 15 August. "Empire Advocate" was bound for Philadelphia.
Convoy ON 41 departed Liverpool on 9 December. She was carrying a cargo of ferrous metals and manganese and was bound for Baltimore.
Convoy SC 121 departed New York on 23 February 1943 and arrived at Liverpool on 14 March. "Empire Advocate" was carrying a general cargo.
Convoy ONS 5 departed Liverpool on 21 April and arrived at Halifax on 12 May.
Convoy SC 135 departed Halifax on 27 June and arrived at Liverpool on 11 July. "Empire Advocate" was carrying a general cargo.
"Empire Advocate" was supposed to be a member of Convoy SC 147 which departed Halifax on 19 November but did not sail with that convoy, sailing with Convoy SC 148 on 2 December bound for Liverpool. She was carrying a cargo of steel and pit props, and arrived at Liverpool on 16 December.
Convoy HX 291 departed New York on 19 May 1944, arriving at Liverpool on 27 May. "Empire Advocate" was carrying a general cargo.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers. "Angelina Lauro" had the Official Number 382 on the Italian Register, and 143102 on Lloyd's Register. "Solfels" used the Code Letters QKHB. "Solfels" and "Bowes Castle" used the Code Letters JWQS. "Angelina Lauro" used the Code Letters IBIB, NDHU and GLYJ. "Empire Advocate" used the Code Letters GLYJ.

</doc>
<doc id="20728012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728012" title="South Australian state election, 1950">
South Australian state election, 1950

State elections were held in Australia on 4 March 1950. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Mick O'Halloran.

</doc>
<doc id="20728017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728017" title="Of What's to Come">
Of What's to Come

"Of What's To Come" is the seventh studio album by brutal death metal band Deeds of Flesh, released in 2008. The last song is a re-recording from their second album, Inbreeding the Anthropophagi. This album is also the first on which the band has utilized guitar solos. Whereas the lyrical themes on previous albums had been more focused on violent and gore-based stories, this album showcases a change in direction to Science Fiction, with each song (save for the final track), detailing an extremely complex story based around Mankind's interactions with an Ancient space-race which wishes to harvest life (or "Virvum"). The story will be continued on the band's next album, "Portal to Canaan", set to be released in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20728032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728032" title="SS Bowes Castle">
SS Bowes Castle

A number of steamships were named Bowes Castle, including

</doc>
<doc id="20728039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728039" title="Victorinus Youn Kong-hi">
Victorinus Youn Kong-hi

Victorinus Youn Kong-hi was the third Archbishop, and current Archbishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kwangju. Born in Nampho, South Pyongan, North Korea on November 8, 1924, he was ordained a priest of the Archdiocese of Seoul on March 20, 1950.
On October 7, 1963, he was appointed first Bishop of Suwon. Youn was later promoted to the third Archbishop of Gwangju on October 25, 1973. While Archbishop, he concluded an investigation into claims of Marian miracles at a shrine in Naju. On November 30, 2000, he went into retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="20728053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728053" title="Hels Vite">
Hels Vite

Hels Vite is the sixth studio album by the viking metal band Thyrfing. This is the first album with new singer Jens Rydén, founding member of Naglfar.

</doc>
<doc id="20728060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728060" title="Headway Devon">
Headway Devon

Headway Devon is a local charity in Devon, UK, which provides care, support, and rehabilitation for adults and children with brain injuries. The organisation is an independently registered charity affiliated to the national charity Headway UK.
The charity works to help its clients and their families adjust to physical and psychological changes following brain injuries. Headway Devon provides social rehabilitation opportunities at seven centres in locations across Devon. The charity also employs a team of Outreach workers who visit clients in their own homes and communities.
Centre-based rehabilitation.
The charity's approach to centre-based brain injury rehabilitation is to provide a safe, relaxed, pressure-free environment with therapeutic activities, workshops and/groups, and social contact for people recovering from a brain injury. Days at the centre are also a source of respite for full-time carers. Before attendance at a centre, an assessment is made and a care plan agreed, enabling staff to work towards mutual rehabilitation objectives. Centre attendance can help to renew meaningful daily activity, as well as offering an opportunity for social contact for those who have become isolated. Headway Devon centres are located in Exeter, Exmouth, Honiton, Tiverton, Torquay and Okehampton. The charity also runs a children's centre in Exeter on Saturdays. 
Outreach support.
Outreach support is a community-based service, with trained specialist staff working one-to-one with individuals in their homes and communities. The aim of outreach is to maximise independent living skills and to facilitate social inclusion. This is typically achieved by providing help with housing issues, assisted shopping, budgeting, advocacy, counselling, and contact with outside agencies. Outreach can include any or all of these plus a wide variety of activities and tasks to help facilitate the rehabilitation process. When possible and appropriate, this includes a return to employment - paid or voluntary. Each outreach programme is agreed with the individual and designed to meet their needs.
Headway Devon is managed by a Board of Trustees, which includes a number of client representatives. According to accounts published by the Charity Commission, the charity's income for the year to March 2008 was £578,727. This was raised through a mixture of grants from local social services, payments for services provided, and fundraising.

</doc>
<doc id="20728077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728077" title="Igor Witkowski">
Igor Witkowski

Igor Witkowski, born 1963 in Warsaw, Poland, is a Polish journalist working in the fields of military technology and the history of World War II.
Biography.
In 1992 he was the Editor in chief of the monthly magazine " 'Technika Wojskowa' " ('Military Technology'), first published in 1991, which in 1992 became " 'Nowa Technika Wojskowa' " ('New Military Technology') with a new publisher, Magnum-X Ltd. This magazine includes articles on aircraft technology and historical articles on foreign and Polish Air Forces equipment. As of 2003/4 he has authored 15 books and about 100 articles on these subjects. 
In"The Truth About The Wunderwaffe" (2003), originally published in Polish as "Prawda o Wunderwaffe" (2000), Witkowski claims to have discovered the existence of the alleged German secret project "Die Glocke" from transcripts of an interrogation by Polish authorities of former Nazi officer Jakob Sporrenberg. Witkowski claims to have been able to read the transcripts through the help of an unnamed Polish Intelligence officer. No primary documentation, aside from Witkowski's account, exists for the weapon. Jakob Sporrenberg served in the nazi occupation regimes in Poland and Norway. He never served in a scientific or technical capacity with the SS. 
A description of Die Glocke, based on Witkowski's account, is also presented in "The Hunt for Zero Point: Inside the Classified World of Antigravity Technology" by British author Nick Cook.

</doc>
<doc id="20728097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728097" title="List of universities and colleges in Qatar">
List of universities and colleges in Qatar

This is a list of universities, colleges and branch campuses of foreign universities in Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="20728100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728100" title="Beşinci Mevsim">
Beşinci Mevsim

"Beşinci Mevsim" (The Fifth Season) was the Turkish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, composed by Levent Çoker, written by Selma Çuhacı, and performed by Şebnem Paker in Turkish.
The song was performed first on the night of the contest, preceding the United Kingdom's Gina G with "Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit". Paker received 57 points for her performance, placing 12th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1997 contest with Paker again, this time with the song "Dinle".

</doc>
<doc id="20728104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728104" title="Alice Lewisohn">
Alice Lewisohn

Alice Lewisohn (1883-1972) was the founder of the Neighborhood Playhouse with her sister Irene Lewisohn. Alice was also an actress.
Biography.
She was the daughter of Rosalie Jacobs and Leonard Lewisohn. In 1905 she and her sister, Irene Lewisohn, began classes and club work at the Henry Street Settlement House in New York. They produced performances with both dance and drama. In 1915, they opened the Neighborhood Playhouse on the corner of Grand and Pitt Streets. There they offered training in both dance and drama to children and teenagers. Irene was in charge of the dance training and production, with the assistance of Blanche Talmud. Alice Lewisohn was in charge of the dramatic arts. In 1924 she married artist, cartoonist and designer Herbert E. Crowley. She resided in Zurich, Switzerland for many years and was part of the Carl Jung inner circle, along with Herbert E. Crowley. The notion of a hermaphroditic God, drawn from Kabballah, was suggested to Jung by Alice Lewisohn, and commented on by Jung in a dream analysis seminar. Jung urged Alice Lewisohn to flee Europe at the onset of World War II in a letter in which he suggested that suicide would be a better option than for her to be "sent to Poland."In 1927 Lewisohn closed the Neighborhood Playhouse after a dozen years of success, including landmark productions such as 1925's The Dybbuk. After the Second World War, Lewisohn settled in Zurich with her husband. She died in Zurich 1972 as Alice Lewisohn Crowley.

</doc>
<doc id="20728135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728135" title="1988–89 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1988–89 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1988–89 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 62nd season in the Football League. They competed in the 24-team Division Three, then the third tier of English football, finishing sixteenth.

</doc>
<doc id="20728138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728138" title="Tripura Legislative Assembly election, 2008">
Tripura Legislative Assembly election, 2008

The Tripura Legislative Assembly election of 2008 took place in a single phase on 23 February 2008 to elect the Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) from each of the 60 Assembly Constituencies (ACs) in Tripura, India. Counting of votes happened on 7 March 2008 and because of the use of Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) in this election, the results were ready within the day.
The Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)) retained control of the Assembly by winning 49 seats giving them more than a two-thirds majority. This provided the CPI(M) with a fourth consecutive term as the Government of Tripura. The CPI(M) and its allies, the Left Front, have been in power in Tripura since 1978 barring a single term between 1988 and 1993 when the state was ruled by the Indian National Congress (INC).
CPI(M) leader Manik Sarkar was sworn in as the Chief Minister of Tripura for the fourth time on 10 March 2008 along with 11 other cabinet Ministers.
Background.
The previous elections to the 9th Tripura Legislative Assembly was held in 2003 and the term for this Assembly was set to expire on 19 March 2008. Hence, the Election Commission of India (ECI) announced fresh elections to the 10th Tripura Legislative Assembly on 14 January 2008. Of the 60 ACs in Tripura, 20 are reserved for Scheduled Tribes and 7 are reserved for Scheduled Castes. Elections in all polling stations were held using EVMs.
The CPI(M), headed by Manik Sarkar, had formed the Government in the 9th Tripura Assembly after being re-elected in 2003. The Left Front had won 41 of the 60 seats.
The polls were being watched very closely because this was the first election in a Left Front controlled state after the Nandigram violence where the Left Front Government in West Bengal ordered heavily armed police to stamp out villagers protesting the Government's plans.
Campaign.
The 2008 elections saw the Left Front trying to retain power for afourth consecutive term. 
A total of 313 candidates contested this election. Fatikroy saw 8 candidates standing for election, which was the highest number of candidates for any single AC in Tripura.
Election Day.
Election Day (23 Feb 2008) was peaceful and passed without any incidents of violence in this state that has traditionally faced insurgency from militant outfits. Unprecedented security arrangements were in place for this election - 20,000 paramilitary personnel from the Border Security Force, Indo-Tibetan Border Police and Central Reserve Police Force supported by air surveillance.
Voter turnout across the state was 91.86, a record high for any state in India. It beat the previous record of around 86% set in Sikkim during the Assembly Elections in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20728152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728152" title="Dobeno, Mengeš">
Dobeno, Mengeš

Dobeno () is a settlement in the Municipality of Mengeš in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20728158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728158" title="South Australian state election, 1890">
South Australian state election, 1890

State elections were held in Australia on 9 April 1890. All 52 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent government led by Premier of South Australia John Cockburn defeated the opposition led by Leader of the Opposition Thomas Playford II. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes. From the first elections in 1856 until 1890, no parties or solid groupings had been formed, resulting in regular changes of Premier depending on who could garner the most confidence votes from every independent MP.

</doc>
<doc id="20728165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728165" title="Akira Matsunaga (footballer born 1948)">
Akira Matsunaga (footballer born 1948)

Akira Matsunaga (松永 章, born August 8, 1948 in Japan) is a former Japanese football player and manager.
Matsunaga made several appearances for the Japan national football team during the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20728166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728166" title="Sports in Orlando, Florida">
Sports in Orlando, Florida

Orlando, Florida has a history of major events in sports. It has had a considerable amount of success in minor league sports as well, with teams winning several minor league championships.
Major league sports.
Orlando Magic (NBA).
Orlando is home to the Orlando Magic, an NBA pro basketball franchise that plays at Amway Center in downtown Orlando.
The Magic hosted the 1992 NBA All-Star Game at the now defunct Amway Arena, and hosted the 2012 NBA All-Star Game at the Amway Center.
Orlando City Soccer Club (MLS).
Orlando City Soccer Club will begin play in Major League Soccer in 2015 as the league's 21st team. The effort to bring an MLS expansion team to Orlando had been led by Phil Rawlins, who had been working publicly since 2010 to bring MLS to Orlando. MLS officially announced in November 2013 that Orlando would join MLS, after the club had received the necessary approvals from city and county officials to construct a new stadium. Orlando City will play in a new stadium in downtown Orlando that is scheduled to begin construction in 2014 and is expected to be completed in 2015.
Orlando had been previously considered for a Major League Soccer franchise following its 1994 World Cup success, but no willing investors were identified at the time.
In 1998, Orlando hosted the 1998 MLS All-Star Game, where the U.S. All-Stars beat the World All-Stars, 6-1, before an attendance of 34,416.
Major League Baseball.
Orlando was a finalist in the 1993 MLB expansion. It lost out to Miami and Denver. It was also a finalist in the 1998 MLB expansion, losing out that time to St. Petersburg and Phoenix.
The Orlando area is home to spring training for two Major League Baseball teams. The Atlanta Braves train at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex at Walt Disney World Resort, and the Houston Astros train at Osceola County Stadium in Kissimmee.
Orlando Predators (AFL).
The Orlando Predators have played since 1991 in the original Arena Football League. The Predators' rivalry with the Tampa Bay Storm was one of the landmark features of the AFL. The Predators won the ArenaBowl in 1998 and 2000, and also recorded the only shutout in AFL history in 1992.
After the original AFL folded in 2009, the Predators resumed play in 2010 in the new Arena Football League, reconstituted by a group of AFL and af2 franchises. The Predators played at the city-owned Amway Center until 2013, but in September 2013 the city of Orlando notified the Predators it was canceling their lease, because the low attendance numbers of 5,878 were in default of the lease's minimum provisions, and because of the team's "thin and tenuous financial performance." For the 2014 season, the Predators moved to the smaller CFE Arena on the University of Central Florida campus.
University of Central Florida Knights.
The UCF Knights, the athletics teams of the University of Central Florida, compete in NCAA Division I. They joined the Football Bowl Subdivision in 1996, and Conference USA in 2005. The UCF Knights football team won the Conference USA Championship in 2007 and 2010. Its soccer program has produced several high-profile players, including FIFA 100 honoree Michelle Akers. The campus features Bright House Networks Stadium for football and UCF Arena for basketball, both built in 2007. Other facilities include Jay Bergman Field (baseball) and the UCF Soccer and Track Stadium (soccer, track and field).
The Citrus Bowl is the home of the Capital One Bowl (formerly the Florida Citrus Bowl) and the Russell Athletic Bowl (formerly the Tangerine Bowl). It also hosts regular-season football games for Jones High School, as well as the annual Florida Classic played between the NCAA Division I-AA Football teams from Florida A&M University and Bethune-Cookman University, and the state's high-school football finals.
International soccer.
Orlando has hosted matches for several high-profile international soccer tournaments. In the 1994 FIFA World Cup, Orlando's Citrus Bowl hosted five matches—four group-stage matches and one Round of 16 match—with Ireland, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Morocco each playing multiple matches at the stadium. Each of the five games drew an attendance of over 60,000.
Orlando also hosted six group stage matches for the 1996 Summer Olympics men's soccer tournament—three each in Groups B and D—with an average attendance of over 20,000 per game. Orlando also hosted three Group E matches for the 1996 women's tournament, with similar attendance figures.
Minor league and semi-pro teams.
Soccer.
Orlando's professional soccer team is Orlando City S.C.. Orlando City has played in the third division USL Pro since 2011. In 2010, Steve Donner formed Orlando Pro Soccer which was awarded a future United Soccer Leagues pro expansion slot for 2011. Later that year, Phil Rawlins moved the Austin Aztex FC to Orlando and formed Orlando City S.C., beginning play in USL Pro in 2011. Orlando City won the 2011 USL Pro Championship, and the highest attendance in the league.
The Central Florida Kraze formed in what is now the USL Premier Development League, the highest amateur league (4th tier overall) in the United States soccer pyramid, in 1998. Playing in Orange and Seminole Counties, the team won the PDL championship in 2004.
Orlando City eventually took over several youth soccer groups and the Kraze to form a unified soccer development system under their brand. Orlando City is now represented by teams in several levels of the United Soccer Leagues, including the Super Y-League, Super-20 League and PDL.
Baseball.
Pro baseball has been played in Orlando since 1919, primarily in the Class A Florida State League, until the Orlando Twins joined the AA Southern League in 1973. Tinker Field, named for baseball hall-of-famer Joe Tinker, is a historic baseball stadium next to the Citrus Bowl, currently out of use. It was formerly the spring training home of the Minnesota Twins (and the Washington Senators before they relocated to Minneapolis) and the AA Southern League affiliates of the Twins, Chicago Cubs and Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
There had been a grassroots campaign to attract Major League Baseball permanently to Orlando, with initial speculation pointed to the group building an MLB-class stadium with private financing. However, the group has settled for attracting a Class-A minor-league team with a new stadium on International Drive. They announced they were discussing a possible purchase of the Tampa Yankees in 2010, but those plans fell apart when a potential stadium construction deal was struck down.
The Disney stadium hosted first-round (Pool D) games in the 2006 World Baseball Classic and two three-game series between for the Tampa Bay Rays in 2007 and 2008. As is common with spring training complexes in Florida, the stadium currently hosts the Braves' rookie league affiliate, the Gulf Coast Braves.
Ice Hockey.
In the 1990s, ice hockey became popular in Orlando, perhaps due to large influx of northerners to the city. In the 1993-94 NHL season, the Tampa Bay Lightning played four "home" games at the Orlando Arena, with a 1-2-1 record.
In 2011, an investment group announced that they were approved to lease Amway Center for a new franchise in the third-tier ECHL, which was formally awarded on November 1, 2011. Two weeks later, it was announced that they had received the blessing of previous owner Rich DeVos to revive the Orlando Solar Bears name. The team began play in the 2012–13 ECHL season, with their first match against the Florida Everblades in Estero, Florida, on October 12, 2012. Their home opener was October 20, 2012, also against the Everblades.
Women's football.
The Lingerie Football League, a women's indoor football league, expanded to Orlando in 2010 with the Orlando Fantasy. They play their home games at the CFE Arena. The inaugural season had a 0-4 record under Coach Kenny McEntyre, the legendary Orlando Predators Defensive Specialist.
Defunct or relocated teams.
In 2000, the Orlando Rays moved from Tinker Field to Cracker Jack Stadium at the Wide World of Sports Complex. The Rays drew poorly at Disney and moved to Montgomery, Alabama for the 2004 season. Since then, Orlando has had no pro baseball team. Meanwhile, the Disney stadium has been mostly empty ever since.
The WNBA's Orlando Miracle played four seasons at Amway Arena (1999–2002). After 2002, when owners were permitted to sell their WNBA teams, the Miracle were purchased by Mohegan Sun casino and moved to become the Connecticut Sun. The Orlando Aces played one season in the new ABA in 2006-07 before moving to Las Vegas.
The Orlando Titans of the National Lacrosse League moved to the city from New York City for the 2010 season. They folded after the season ended.
Football.
Professional football in Orlando in goes back to the 1960s, when the Orlando Panthers played in the minor-league Continental Football League. The Panthers won two CPFL titles in 1967 and 1968, but folded with the league after the 1969 season. In 1974, the World Football League was formed, and a franchise originally planned for Boston, then moved to the Washington, D.C. area, wound up in Orlando as the Florida Blazers. Despite playing before sparse crowds at the Citrus Bowl and not getting paid for weeks at a time, the Blazers won their division with a 14-6 record and qualified for the first (and only) WFL championship game, losing to the Birmingham Americans, 22-21. The franchise was relocated to San Antonio for the 1975 season, then quietly expired with the league in October of that year.
Since then, Orlando has hosted several pro teams in short-lived leagues. In 1985, the USFL's Washington Federals shifted to the Citrus Bowl and were renamed the Orlando Renegades. Despite a 5-13 record, the Renegades were one of the eight teams that stayed in the USFL for its projected fall season in 1986, but the league folded before any games were played that year. Next came the Orlando Thunder, a charter team in the World League of American Football in 1991 and 1992. They lost the World Bowl to the Sacramento Surge in 1992. Like all of the other the American-based teams, the franchise was dropped in the World League reorganization of 1995. Then came the Orlando Rage, a member of the infamous XFL who, like the other teams, played at the Citrus Bowl. The Rage had the XFL's best record at 8-2, but were upset in the playoffs, and the XFL folded. (The Orlando Rage name has since been revived in the semi-pro Southern States Football League). The Citrus Bowl was once slated to host some of the games for the Florida team in the never launched All American Football League beginning in 2008.
Orlando was one of the launch markets for the United Football League in 2009. Orlando's team, the Florida Tuskers, was invested in by Stuart Sternberg, principal owner of the Tampa Bay Rays baseball team, and played two of its three home games in the Citrus Bowl, and the third in Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg. They complied a perfect 6-0 record in the Premier Season, before losing to the Las Vegas Locomotives in the championship game. Before the 2010 season, Sternberg sold his stake in the team, and the Tuskers announced they would play all home games in Orlando. Its team stake has since been purchased by Pro Football Hall of Famer Joe Theismann. Before the start of the 2011, it was announced the Tuskers would be moved to Norfolk, Virginia and would be renamed the Virginia Destroyers.
Soccer.
Minor league soccer has seen varying degrees of success in Orlando. The original Orlando Lions were formed in 1985, and played in the American Soccer League in 1988-90. A second incarnation played in the USISL from 1992–1995, winning the regular season title in 1992 and 1993. Orlando made another attempt at pro soccer with the Orlando Sundogs, who played in the USISL A-League in 1997. They finished in the middle of the pack, but suffered poor attendance, and folded after one year. In 2008, Orlando hosted the Orlando Sharks of the Major Indoor Soccer League. After poor performance their first year, plans to shift to the new National Indoor Soccer League were eventually shelved.
Hockey.
The Orlando Solar Bears, of the now-defunct International Hockey League, were formed in 1995 and were very successful, making the playoffs in each of its six seasons and qualifying for Turner Cup Finals twice (losing both times) before finally taking the title in 2001. When the IHL folded after the 2000-01 season, Rich DeVos chose to fold the Solar Bears because his other team, the Grand Rapids Griffins, was moving to another league that did not permit an individual to own multiple teams.
In 2002, the Atlantic Coast Hockey League was formed with Orlando hosting one of the charter franchises, the Orlando Seals, which won their Commissioner's Cup in 2003; this made Orlando the only Florida city with two hockey championships. The Seals moved to the World Hockey Association 2 in 2003, then the Southern Professional Hockey League in 2004. The City of Orlando revoked their lease for the present Amway Arena, however, forcing them to sit out the 2004-05 season. They moved to Kissimmee and became the Florida Seals in November 2004. The team resumed play in the 2005-2006 season, playing home games at the Silver Spurs Arena, making it to the President's Cup Finals before losing to Knoxville. Then on January 4, 2007, the Silver Spurs Arena abruptly booted the Seals due to unpaid rent, forcing the franchise to fold.
Other sports.
Orlando is also the home to the NBA Pre-Draft camp, the NBA's Orlando Summer League, the MLB Winter Meetings, the NFL Annual Meeting, and since 2005, the PSP World Cup paintball tournament. They also host the final event of the extreme sport Dew Tour, the PlayStation Pro. Orlando hosted the Major League Baseball Draft for several years until 2009, when they moved to the studios of MLB Network in Secaucus, New Jersey.
The Citrus Bowl hosted World Wrestling Entertainment's WrestleMania XXIV in 2008. Amway Arena played host to WWE's Royal Rumble in 1990 and World Championship Wrestling's Bash at the Beach in 1994, as well as WWE's 2008 Hall of Fame ceremony, headlined by the induction of Ric Flair. Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, in its "Impact Zone", is also based in Orlando. Orlando also hosted television tapings for World Championship Wrestling at varying times in the 1990s, both at Disney-MGM Studios and Universal Studios Florida.
Famous athletes.
Many major athletes are from Orlando, such as: 
Orlando is home to many notable athletes former and present, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="20728170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728170" title="Vehicle registration plates of Bhutan">
Vehicle registration plates of Bhutan

Vehicle license plates in Bhutan are issued and regulated by the Road Safety and Transport Authority of The Royal Government of Bhutan.
Types of registration plate.
Private.
The current license plate for private vehicles in Bhutan is composed of letters and digits in the LL-N-A NNNN format.The letters are written in white on a Red license plate. The first two letters for private vehicles are BP This is followed by a digit signifying the region in which the vehicle is registered. 
Then the an Alphabet from A-Z is followed by four digits running in sequence like 1234. So a car registered in Western Bhutan could have the number BP-1-A1234.
Taxi vehicles.
The current license plate for Taxi vehicles are written by black on yellow in very similar format to that or private vehicle except that the first two characters BP is replaced by BT. The regional digit remains the same.
Government vehicles.
The government vehicles in Bhutan use a red license plate with the letters written in yellow. The first two characters of the plate are BG, followed by the same sequence as in case of private vehicles.
History.
Previously Bhutanese vehicle registration plates had a group of three letters on the left, indicating the region and class of registration, followed by 4 digit numeric value. For example, BWP 1001 signified, Western region, Private vehicle with number 1001. Now however, this scheme has been discontinued for the newer licensing scheme. 

</doc>
<doc id="20728181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728181" title="Josh Emmons">
Josh Emmons

Josh Emmons is an American novelist who currently lives in Philadelphia. A graduate of Oberlin College and the Iowa Writers' Workshop (2002), he published his first book, "The Loss of Leon Meed," in 2005. Set in his native northern California, about the varied responses of ten small-town residents to a stranger's mysterious appearances and disappearances, it was a Book Sense pick and winner of a James Michener-Copernicus Society of America Award, and has been translated into several languages. His second, "Prescription for a Superior Existence," which explores the intersections of faith, religion and desire, came out in 2008. His fiction and non-fiction have been published in various magazines and newspapers.
Emmons has taught at the University of the Arts, Loyola University Chicago, the University of Iowa, Whitman College, and elsewhere. He currently teaches at Grinnell College in Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="20728183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728183" title="Xabi Etxebarria">
Xabi Etxebarria

Xabier 'Xabi' Etxebarria Larrabide (born 20 July 1987 in Igorre, Biscay) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defender.
Club career.
Etxebarria was signed by Athletic Bilbao from fourth division side Zamudio SD in 2008, initially brought up to its reserve team. He made his first appearance for the main squad in a 5–0 friendly win against Aviron Bayonnais FC on 3 September 2008; three months later, in another exhibition game, he started and scored in a 7–2 victory over amateurs JD Somorrostro.
On 7 December 2008 Etxebarria made his La Liga debut for Athletic, coming on as an 89th-minute substitute for midfielder David López in a 1–1 draw at Racing de Santander. He was released by the "Lions" in June 2012 after a further three full seasons with the B-side in the third level, and only one more official appearance for the first team, a 0–3 away loss against FC Barcelona for the 2009 Spanish Supercup.

</doc>
<doc id="20728184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728184" title="Akira Matsunaga">
Akira Matsunaga

Akira Matsunaga can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20728189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728189" title="Derby-Shelton Bridge">
Derby-Shelton Bridge

The Derby-Shelton Bridge is a road crossing over the Housatonic River in the U.S. state of Connecticut, connecting the cities of Derby and Shelton. It connects Route 34 in downtown Derby with Route 110 in downtown Shelton. The bridge and approaches are designated but not signed as State Road 712. The current bridge was built in 1918 by the Connecticut State Highway Department to replace a former steel-arch bridge built in 1891 known as the Huntington Bridge. Prior to that, an even older wooden covered bridge (built in 1857) was at this site. The Derby-Shelton Bridge used to carry two street railway tracks until the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="20728196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728196" title="Harriet Holter">
Harriet Holter

Harriet Holter (11 April 1922 – 18 December 1997) was a Norwegian social psychologist.
She graduated with the cand.oecon. degree in 1946, and was eventually hired as a research fellow at the Norwegian Institute for Social Research, which was established in 1950.
Despite having a degree in economics, the prospect of making an academic career in this field became unsettling for Holter. In her early career, she researched the working life. After analyses of the role of women in the workforce, she began concentrating more on women's studies in general. As she took the dr.philos. degree in 1970 on the thesis "Sex Roles and Social Structure", Holter became a pioneer in this field in the Nordic countries.
She was appointed professor at the University of Oslo in 1973. She continued researching gender roles, publishing "Kvinners liv og arbeid: kjønnsroller og sosial struktur" in 1974. She later edited the books "Familien i klassesamfunnet" (1976), "Kvinner i fellesskap" (1982) and "Patriarchy in a Welfare Society" (1984). Her own works "Tvang til seksualitet" (1986) and "Sex i arbeid(et) i Norge" (1992) pertained to the field of gender and sexuality studies, and the former became controversial. She retired as a professor in 1992, but continued working as a senior researcher. Among her last publications were the 1996 "Hun og han. Kjønn i forskning og politikk", a textbook on gender and politics for which she was co-editor.
Holter died in December 1997, following long-term illness. A house at the University of Oslo campus, Blindern, has been named after her.
In 2008 her son Øystein Gullvåg Holter became Norway's first professor of men's studies, having been appointed at the University of Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="20728213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728213" title="LSWR X2 class">
LSWR X2 class

The LSWR X2 class was a class of express passenger 4-4-0 steam locomotives designed for the London and South Western Railway by William Adams. Twenty were constructed at Nine Elms Locomotive Works between 1880–1882.
The class were numbered 577–596, and were an enlarged version of the 460 class. Adams had designed his drivered locomotives for the London to Bournemouth route, while the drivered locomotives were intended for the London to Salisbury route which had more severe gradients.
All passed to the Southern Railway at the grouping in 1923. Withdrawals started in 1930, and by the end of 1933, only four remained. No. 592 went in 1936, numbers 587 and 590 were retired during 1937, leaving only No. 586, which was withdrawn in November 1942. All were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20728224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728224" title="Mark Harris (bodybuilder)">
Mark Harris (bodybuilder)

Mark Harris (born Neath) is an IFBB professional bodybuilder from Wales. He is six times UKBFF Welsh champion and overall UKBFF (formerly EFBB) British champion of 2001. He nearly won the overall UKFBB British bodybuilding Championships in 2000 but was pipped to the post by Mike King. In 2001, a "shredded" Mark became overall British champion as a middleweight and turned pro. He made his pro debut in the English Grand Prix several weeks later.
Mark is currently sponsored by the bodybuilding supplement company Chemical Nutrition.
(originally Chemical Warfare, now CNP Professional), owned by Kerry Kayes (and formerly Dorian Yates). He is a very well known bodybuilder in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20728239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728239" title="Ichthyosis linearis circumflexa">
Ichthyosis linearis circumflexa

Ichthyosis linearis circumflexa is a distinctive skin condition of generalized hyperkeratosis and polycyclic and serpiginous erythematous plaques with a characteristic, migratory, double-edged scale at the margins, and is the typical cutaneous manifestation of Netherton's syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="20728243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728243" title="Hans Müller">
Hans Müller

Hans Müller may refer to:
With double names:

</doc>
<doc id="20728251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728251" title="Frederick Whyte">
Frederick Whyte

Sir Alexander Frederick Whyte KCSI (1883–1970) was a British civil servant, Liberal Party politician, writer, and journalist.
From 1920 to 1925 he served as the first President of the new Central Legislative Assembly of British India.
Biography.
Alexander Frederick Whyte was born on 30 September 1883, the second of eight children, and eldest son born to the Reverend Alexander Whyte DD, and Jane Elizabeth Barbour, who married in 1881.
He entered Parliament as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Perth (1910–1918), during which time he had been parliamentary private secretary (1910–1915) to Winston Churchill, who was Home Secretary (1910–1911), and then First Lord of the Admiralty (1911–15) at the time.
During the Great War, Whyte was a lieutenant in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve on special service (1914–17).
He was appointed the first President of the Central Legislative Assembly in India (1920–25). He then took on ambassadorial roles; as political advisor to the National Government of China (1929–32), Director General of the English-Speaking Union (1938), and Head of the American division of the Ministry of Information (1939–40).
He was also involved in journalism, as the founder and editor of "The New Europe" (1917–1920), a well-known weekly read by political leaders and students, and was the author of numerous books discussing the politics and economics of the Orient.
Aside from these political roles, Sir Frederick was Chairman of the Indian Red Cross Society (1923) and Reindeer Council of the United Kingdom, as well as being a member of the Athenaeum Club, founded in Liverpool in the late 18th century for the exchange of ideas.
Sir Alexander Frederick was knighted in 1922, and in 1925 a Knight Commander of the Order of the Star of India was conferred in Birthday Honours. Though gazetted on 3 June 1925 as Sir Alexander Whyte, he may have adopted the use of his middle name to avoid confusion with a Sir Alexander Whyte employed as a government botanist under the British administration in Malawi, where he established Zomba Botanic Garden between 1891 and 1895.
It is unclear what involvement in public life Sir Frederick played following 1940. He was no longer at the Ministry of Information, but there is reference to him as Chairman of the recently founded Reindeer Council of the United Kingdom in the "Nature International Weekly Journal of Science" of November 1949, following proposals to introduce reindeer to Britain.
Further correspondence suggests that as late as 1958, Sir Frederick still had some association with the Indian Red Cross and St. John Ambulance Association and Brigade. A passenger list of that year reveals that Sir Alexander and Lady Fairweather Whyte set sail from Tenerife to England by first class, and Sir Alexander is described as a director.
In 1927, Sir Frederick sat for the photographer Walter Stoneman (1876–1958), and the bromide print along with two negatives remain part of the National Portrait Gallery’s collection.
Family.
Alexander Frederick married Margaret Emily Fairweather, the eldest daughter of the Reverend W. Fairweather DD of Kirkcaldy, in 1912, with whom he had three children:
Sir Ernest Burdon (1881–1957), a fellow member of the Indian Civil Service, was Sir Frederick Whyte’s brother-in-law on account of Sir Ernest’s second marriage, to Mary Isabella, daughter of Rev W. Fairweather, in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20728254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728254" title="Ziyang (disambiguation)">
Ziyang (disambiguation)

Ziyang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20728284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728284" title="72d Test and Evaluation Squadron">
72d Test and Evaluation Squadron

The 72d Test and Evaluation Squadron (72 TES) is part of the 53d Wing at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. The squadron is geographically separated but operated from Whiteman Air Force Base, Missouri. It conducts testing and evaluation of the B-2 Spirit aircraft.
Mission.
The squadron is the focal point for executing operational test and evaluation of the $44.6 billion B-2 weapon system. The squadron evaluates the ability of the B-2 weapons system to support all major requirements and reports weapon system capabilities.
The unit provides experienced operations, maintenance, engineering, and analysis personnel who plan and conduct ground and flight tests, and analyze, evaluate, and report on the effectiveness and suitability of B-2 logistics support, tactics and survivability, foreign military exploitation, weapons and mission planning. The squadron reports results and conclusions to support DoD acquisition, deployment and employment decisions.
History.
The squadron was formed in Texas in early 1918. After a period of training and organization, it departed from New York in the late summer of 1918, arriving in France in September. Its role during the latter part of World War I on the western front is undetermined, but it remained in France after the armistice until June 1919, arriving back in New York and subsequently demobilized in July.
Reorganized in 1923 as a reconnaissance squadron, assigned to 5th Composite Group in Hawaii Territory as part of the islands air defense organization. Assigned to Hawaii on Ford Island. Activities included training, participating in Army-Navy maneuvers, staging aerial reviews and sowing seeds from the air for the Territorial Forestry Division. In 1935, the squadron helped save the city of Hilo, Hawaii, during the eruption of the Mauna Loa volcano. Ten Keystone B-3 and B-4 bombers from the group’s 23d and 72d Bombardment Squadrons dropped 20, 600-pound bombs around the volcano to divert molten lava away from the town.
When the Navy moved its Pacific Fleet from San Diego to Pearl Harbor in 1939, was reassigned to Hickam Field. Was equipped with a mixture of B-18 Bolos and early B-17C/D Flying Fortresses in 1941 when the Japanese attacked Hawaii. The group suffered devastating personnel and aircraft losses in the Pearl Harbor Attack, remaining in Hawaii until September 1942 re-equipping.
Deployed to the South Pacific, engaging in long-range bombing of enemy targets in the Solomon Islands and Central Pacific using Very Long-Range B-24 Liberators. participating in MacArthur's island-hopping campaign in New Guinea and the Dutch East Indies. Participated in the Philippines Campaign, earning a Philippine Presidential Unit Citation for its actions in combat, 1944–1945. Inactivated at Clark Field, 1947 although most personnel had already returned to the United States.
Reactivated at Ladd Field, Alaska Territory in 1947 as a redesignation of the 46th Reconnaissance Squadron with a mission to conduct strategic reconnaissance operations over the Arctic. The squadron's reconnaissance missions included electronic and weather monitoring flights used to track Soviet activities in the area. Between 1948-19499 the RB-29 Superfortresss of the 72nd SRS conducted numerous photographic reconnaissance and ELINT missions over the Soviet Arctic and Far East. Equipped with cameras that enabled then to remain in international airspace, whilst photographing targets deep inside Soviet territory, the aircraft searched for evidence of Soviet military activity, but unsurprisingly, found little going on in the inhospitable Arctic wastes but nobody knew what was happening further inland. To investigate activity deeper inside the Soviet Union, some RB-29s were stripped of all unnecessary equipment, allowing them to increase their operating ceiling, and began overflying Soviet territory.
President Harry Truman, authorized the first overflight on 5 August 1948 when an RB-29 took off from Ladd AFB and, after routing over Siberia and spending over 19 hours in the air, eventually landed at Yokota AB, Japan. Even longer flights soon became routine with aircraft operating up to 35,000 ft, covering 5000 miles and remaining airborne for occasionally up to 30 hours. Although the Soviet Military was equipped rudimentary radar, copied from World War II US supplied equipment, large gaps existed in their radar coverage, particularly over the vast Arctic region. These gaps were soon identified and exploited by the RB-29s as they penetrated deeper inside the Soviet Union. Although they were detected on many occasions, none of the RB-29s was ever intercepted because the early MiG-15 was the only fighter with sufficient performance to reach these high-flying aircraft and none of the new fighters were then stationed in Siberia.
The most significant of these missions included one on 3 September 1949 which identified the first evidence of a successful explosion of a Soviet nuclear weapon in the Semipalatinsk test site in Eastern Kazakhstan on 29 August 1949.
Reassigned to the Continental United States in 1951, being re-equipped with Very Long Range RB-36H Peacemaker strategic reconnaissance bombers and assigned to the 5th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing at Fairfield-Suisun (later, Travis) AFB, California. The aircraft were equipped with four J47 jet engines and with fourteen K-17C, K-22A, K-38, and K-40 cameras. It also received some advanced electronics. Its normal crew was 22, which included 5 gunners to man the 16 M-24A-1 20-mm cannon. Conducted global strategic reconnaissance until 1955, conducting ELINT and Ferret missions along the east Asian coastline. Gradually shifting to bombardment training mission beginning in 1954 as the 72d Bombardment Squadron, Heavy, on 1 October 1955.
Flew B-36Js heavy bombers until their phaseout in 1958, being reassigned to SAC provisional 4134th Strategic Wing, being re-equipped with B-52F Stratofortress intercontinental heavy bombers. Was reassigned to Mather AFB, California by SAC to disperse its heavy bomber force. Conducted worldwide strategic bombardment training missions and providing nuclear deterrent. Was inactivated in 1963 when SAC inactivated its provisional Strategic Wings, redesignating them permanent Air Force Wings. Squadron was inactivated with aircraft/personnel/equipment being redesignated 441st Bombardment Squadron in an in-place, name-only transfer.
Reactivated as a B-52H heavy bomb squadron at Minot AFB, North Dakota in late 1994, but inactivated on 1 July 1996. Reactivated as a B-2 Spirit stealth bomber evaluation squadron in 1998.
Lineage.
Note: Operated as the 46th/72d Reconnaissance Squadrons (and subsequent redesignations) between 16 September 1947 and 28 June 1949

</doc>
<doc id="20728293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728293" title="Robert Fowler (archbishop of Dublin)">
Robert Fowler (archbishop of Dublin)

Robert Fowler (23 December 1724 – 10 October 1801) was an Anglo-Irish clergyman. He served as the Archbishop of Dublin in the Church of Ireland from 1779 until his death in 1801.
Life.
Robert Fowler was born on 23 December 1724, and baptized at Skendleby Thorpe, Lincolnshire, England. He was the third son of George and Mary Fowler (née Hurst) of Skendleby Thorpe. After an education at Westminster School, he was elected a King’s Scholar in 1744. On 24 May of that year he was admitted to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1747, a Master of Arts degree in 1751, and a Doctor of Divinity degree in 1764. He married Mildred, eldest daughter (and coheir of her brother, also William) of William Dealtry of Gainsborough, County Lincolnshire, on 29 October 1766. Together, they had one son and two daughters.
An appointment as Chaplain to King George II in 1756 led Robert Fowler to a seat as Dean and Prebendary of Westminster Abbey from 1765 to 1771. A prebend at Westminster was highly sought after by the ecclesiastical establishment. The value of the prebend helped to enrich the salaries of bishops, who retained their prebends at Westminster whilst in another office. Robert Fowler was nominated on 13 June and consecrated on 28 July 1771, Bishop of Killaloe and Kilfenora in Ireland. On 22 December 1778, during the administration of Lord Buckingham, he was translated to the archiepiscopal see of Dublin. His letters patent were issued by King George III on 8 January 1779, and on the 13th of the same month he was consecrated and enthroned in Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin, as Archbishop of Dublin and Primate of Ireland. On the 16th of January, he was consecrated and enthroned at St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin. The elevation to the Archbishopric of Dublin in 1779 also led him to a seat on the Irish Privy Council. The Irish Privy Council was a private committee of King George III's closest advisors to give confidential advice on affairs of state. In 1783 Robert Fowler was appointed the position of Chancellor of the 'Order of St. Patrick'. The 'Most Illustrious Order of Saint Patrick', as it is formally known, is a British order of chivalry associated with Ireland and was created by King George III on 5 February 1783.
In William Domville Handcock's book, "The History and Antiquities of Tallaght in the County of Dublin" (published 1877), the writer recounts a brief detail of a Vestry meeting in 1783. During the Vestry meeting, it was proposed that a throne be erected, or a suitable pew enclosed, for the use of the Archbishop in Tallaght Church. However, Archbishop Fowler declined the honor, stating that one seat should not be more decorated than another in a parish church. This account would support why his parishioners and contemporaries thought him a kind, courteous and affable man - as he was also described in Samuel Burdy's "The Life of Philip Skelton" (published 1792).
It must be remembered that Archbishop Fowler was head of a minority religion (Anglicanism) that held power in a united Ireland (predominantly Catholic). The Battle of Boyne in 1690 had ensured the domination of the Protestant faith, and as in England, Catholics together with Jews, were denied access to most positions of power and influence. This produced tensions at all levels of society. Fowler seems to have been opposed to the more Evangelical arm of his own church and banned two ordained clergy for preaching justification by faith. In 1782 he was one of 12 Spiritual Peers in the Irish House of Lords who opposed the Bill for the relief of Dissenters on the grounds that it would promote clandestine & improvident marriages. In 1789 he joined with 14 other peers in protest at the appointment of the Prince of Wales as Regent during the temporary illness of King George III. On the basis of these political activities Fowler made his request to become a Temporal (hereditary) Peer. The government under William Pitt refused his request on the grounds that it was no more than his duty as Archbishop. Fowler was furious, and traveled to England to remonstrate with Pitt, to no avail.
It would seem from the evidence that in spite of Philip Skelton’s commendation of Fowler's great regard for religion, his main interests were in family, gardens and with little reverence for antiquities. The garden of the Palace of Tallaght was brought to a high state of perfection. Sadly, in 1793, Fowler's wife died and was buried at Tallaght Church.
In March 1798, intelligence from informants among the United Irishmen caused the British Government to sweep up most of their leadership in Dublin. Martial law was imposed over most of the country, and its unrelenting force put the United Irish organization under severe pressure to act before it was too late. During the absence of the Archbishop in 1798, Tallaght Palace was attacked by armed men and various weapons were stolen. The Irish Rebellion was to follow, and these factors may have decided a prelate, who was already known as an absentee, to travel to England. In his justification and defense it must be said that Robert Fowler was not alone in being an absentee prelate during the gradual clashes between the United Irish and British Government. As early as 1782, the Irish Patriot Party, led by Henry Grattan, pushed for greater enfranchisement. They used their newly powerful position to force the Crown to grant the landed Ascendancy self-rule and a more independent parliament. In 1793, parliament passed laws allowing Catholics with property to vote, but they could neither be elected nor appointed as state officials. In response, liberal elements among the ruling class were inspired by the example of the American Revolution (1776–1783) and the French Revolution (1789–1799), which had taken place in a Catholic country. They sought to form a common cause with the Catholic populace to achieve reform and greater autonomy from Britain. The Insurrection Act of 1796 was passed to suppress the growing number of meetings, distributed literature, and "disturbances of the public peace" by the United Irish. This Act did little to halt organization and growing sentiment for the United Irish movement or the uprisings which ultimately led to the Irish Rebellion of 1798. Within the next six years, however, the rebellion and residual pockets of resistance were vanquished by British forces.
Due to ill health, Archbishop Fowler lived the remaining two years of his life at Bassingbourne Hall in Takeley, Essex, England, a seat which he rented from Sir Peter Parker, 1st Baronet (who himself purchased the estate from Francis Bernard, 1st Earl of Bandon). Fowler lived to see the 'Union with Ireland Act' and the 'Act of Union' pass in 1800. He died on 10 October 1801, at Bassingbourne Hall, and was buried at Holy Trinity Church in Takeley on 19 October.
Archbishop Fowler's children were to fulfill his ambitions to become a member of the Peerage. Eldest daughter Mildred (who became Countess of Kilkenny) married in 1793 Edmund Butler, 12th Lord Viscount Mountgarret and 1st (and last) Earl of Kilkenny. Robert Fowler's 2nd daughter Frances married in 1795 Richard Bourke, Bishop of Waterford and Lismore and younger brother to the 4th Earl of Mayo; their son became the 5th Earl of Mayo when the 4th Earl died without issue. Robert Fowler's only son Robert was consecrated Bishop of Ossory in 1813, then in 1835 became the inaugural Bishop of Ossory, Ferns and Leighlin. He married in 1796 the Honorable Louisa Gardiner, eldest daughter of Luke Gardiner, 1st Viscount Mountjoy, and sister to Charles Gardiner, 1st Earl of Blessington.
Until fairly recently, the exact burial place of such a man of importance at Holy Trinity Church had presented something of a mystery, as there was no memorial, tomb, or tablet of any kind to him. The discovery of a vault filled in during the Victorian restoration has solved this mystery, and it is now known that Robert Fowler, Archbishop of Dublin, is buried under the Chancel (or Altar) of the Holy Trinity Church, Takeley.
Bassingbourne Hall, the great house built by William Towse in circa 1580, and the last residence of Archbishop Fowler, was demolished in 1813 according to the will of the owner, Sir Peter Parker. The house demolished in 1988 to make way for the expansion of Stansted Airport was originally the Home Farm House of Bassingourne Hall and took on the name when that building was razed.

</doc>
<doc id="20728315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728315" title="Zoramia fragilis">
Zoramia fragilis

Zoramia fragilis is a Cardinalfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 5.5cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728322" title="Singapore Derby">
Singapore Derby

The Singapore Derby is a Thoroughbred horse race held annually in mid July at Kranji Racecourse in Singapore. Contested on turf over a left-handed course, the domestic Group One race is run over a distance 2000 meters (1.24 miles / 10 furlongs) and is open to four-year-old horses only.
Inaugurated in 1880 at the Serangoon Road Race Course at Farrer Park, it was raced there until 1910 at which time it was cancelled. The Singapore Derby was revived in 1959 under the auspices of the Singapore Turf Club and hosted by the Bukit Timah Race Course through 1999 when the track was closed to be replaced by the new Kranji Racecourse.
Since 1959 the race has been contested at various distances:
At the time the race was modified to its present distance of 2000 meters in 1998, the conditions were also changed, making it open to four-year-old domestic horses only. These residency conditions are specified on the Singapore Turf Club website 
Records.
Speed record: (at current distance of 2000 meters)
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20728329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728329" title="South Australian state election, 1893">
South Australian state election, 1893

Elections were held in the colony of South Australia on 15 April 1893. All 54 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. 
The incumbent conservative government led by Premier of South Australia John Downer was defeated by the Liberal opposition led by Charles Kingston, with the support of the United Labor Party led by John McPherson who formed an informal coalition. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes. This was the first election in which parties and increasingly solid groupings were formed.

</doc>
<doc id="20728331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728331" title="Galway Plate">
Galway Plate

The Galway Plate is a National Hunt chase in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Galway over a distance of 2 miles and 6 furlongs (4,426 metres), and during its running there are fourteen fences to be jumped. It is a handicap race, and it is scheduled to take place each year in late July or early August.
The event is held during the seven-day Galway Festival meeting. It was established in 1869, and the inaugural running was won by "Absentee". The most successful horse in the race's history is "Tipperary Boy", who won three times – in 1899, 1901 and 1902. It was formerly contested over 2 miles and 5 furlongs, but this was extended to the present distance in 1992. The Galway Plate was sponsored by William Hill from 2006 to 2010 and by Tote Ireland since 2011.
Anne Collen was the first lady trainer winning the plate with "Randoss" in the 1987 Galway Plate National Hunt Chase. Her sister, Sarah Collen, was also the first lady jockey to win the Galway Plate aboard "Bold Flyer" in 1989. 

</doc>
<doc id="20728335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728335" title="Jack Whitehall">
Jack Whitehall

Jack Peter Benedict Whitehall (born 7 July 1988) is a British comedian, television presenter and actor. He is a former host of the E4 show "Big Brother's Big Mouth" in 2008, "Celebrity Big Brother's Big Mouth" in January 2009 and the Channel 4 topical entertainment show the "TNT Show". He currently stars as JP in the TV series "Fresh Meat", and as Alfie Wickers in the TV series "Bad Education". As of 2012, he is a regular panellist on the game show "A League of Their Own". He also hosts "Backchat" with his father, Michael.
Early life and education.
Whitehall was born in Westminster, London, to actress Hilary Amanda Jane (née Isbister) and Michael John Whitehall. His father was an agent for Judi Dench, Colin Firth and Richard Griffiths, and wrote the memoir "Shark-Infested Waters". Whitehall has a sister, Molly Louisa (born 1989), and a brother, Barnaby William (born 1992). His godfather is the actor Nigel Havers. 
He attended Tower House School in London, where he was a fellow pupil with "Twilight Saga" star Robert Pattinson. He has made jokes about this, often mentioning that he resented Pattinson for taking all the best acting roles in the school plays. Whitehall has also mentioned in an interview how he auditioned for the role of Harry Potter after the casting team visited his school. He went on to attend the Dragon School in Oxford and then Marlborough College, an independent school in Wiltshire.
Whitehall took a gap year where he decided to pursue a career in stand-up comedy. He attended the University of Manchester for two terms only, to study History of Art. While at the university, he lived in the Owens Park Tower.
He is a supporter of Arsenal FC and has stated that his comedy hero is Jack Dee, having briefly met him as a teenager.
Career.
Television and radio career.
In 1997 Whitehall then aged nine appeared in the series "Noah's Ark".
In June 2008, Whitehall presented the first week of "Big Brother's Big Mouth" on E4, returning in August to host the twelfth week. In September and November, Whitehall made his first and second of many appearances on Channel 4's "8 Out of 10 Cats".
In January 2009, he hosted "Celebrity Big Brother's Big Mouth", during which he appeared on "The Sunday Night Project", followed on 5 June by his third appearance on "8 Out of 10 Cats". In June 2009 Whitehall co-hosted the satirical "TNT Show" with Holly Walsh on Channel 4. In August, he appeared on Charlie Brooker's Channel 4 panel show "You Have Been Watching", followed in September by his first appearance on "Would I Lie to You?". He made his first of many appearances on BBC Two satirical panel show "Mock the Week", and in October, he guest-presented an episode of "Never Mind the Buzzcocks".
In January 2010, Whitehall made his fourth appearance in "8 Out of 10 Cats", followed in February by his second appearance on "Mock the Week", and a first appearance "Argumental" on Dave. In April, he featured on "Channel 4's Comedy Gala", a benefit show held in aid of Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital, which had been filmed live at the O2 Arena in London in March. In April, he appeared on James Corden's sport show "A League of Their Own", and on 11 June made his fifth appearance on "8 Out of 10 Cats", followed in June by his third appearance on "Mock the Week". In June and July 2010, Whitehall was a regular performer on the first series of Channel 4's "Stand Up for the Week" alongside Andi Osho, Kevin Bridges, Rich Hall and host Patrick Kielty. In September he made his sixth appearance on "8 Out of 10 Cats", and in September and October, his fourth and fifth appearances on "Mock the Week". In October, he appeared on a second episode of "Argumental", and he honoured "Big Brother" host Davina McCall on the Channel 4 show "A Comedy Roast". In October, he headlined the second episode of "Dave's One Night Stand", followed by his second appearance on "A League of Their Own", and on 1 November he appeared on "Ask Rhod Gilbert". In December, he appeared on the "Royal Variety Performance" 2010, and in December he appeared on the sixth series of "Live at the Apollo", which had been filmed on 27 September.
In February 2011, Whitehall was featured on "Comedy Central Presents Jack Whitehall" in the United States. In March, he appeared on the BBC football programme "Final Score", reporting on Arsenal's 0–0 draw with Sunderland at the Emirates Stadium. From March until May, Whitehall returned as a regular performer for the second series of Channel 4's "Stand Up for the Week" together with Andi Osho, Kevin Bridges and Rich Hall, joined for the new series by Jon Richardson. In March, Whitehall and Bridges presented "Jack and Kevin's Comic Relief Lock-In", which took the "Comic Relief" show through to the early hours of the morning with a selection of the best comedy clips of the last couple of years. In May 2011, he made his début appearance on a U.S. chatshow, interviewed by Ellen DeGeneres, on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show". In June, Whitehall featured on the second annual "Channel 4's Comedy Gala", which had been filmed in May. In June, he made a seventh appearance on "8 Out of 10 Cats".
In July 2011, Whitehall appeared alongside Lorraine Kelly on the Channel 4 show "King Of...", presented by Claudia Winkleman. In July 2011, he made a sixth appearance on "Mock the Week", and he appeared on the British version of "The Marriage Ref" with Jack Dee and Katherine Kelly. He was a guest on the Channel 4 show "Chris Moyles' Quiz Night", presented by BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles, and in September made his second appearance on "Would I Lie to You?". Whitehall made his acting début in the Channel 4 comedy drama "Fresh Meat", from the creators of "Peep Show". In the series, Whitehall plays the role of JP, a public school boy who failed to get into a "proper" university. The series, in which he co-stars alongside Joe Thomas, ran until November 2011 and received critical acclaim. A second series aired and a third series is currently airing on Channel 4 in the UK. In September, he and his father Michael appeared on "The Million Pound Drop Live", hosted by Davina McCall. On 30 November it was announced he would write and star in new BBC Three comedy "Bad Education".
He landed a six-part entertainment series on Channel 4, called "Hit The Road Jack", which started airing on 20 March 2012, following Whitehall on a comedy tour of the country. He became a regular panelist for the fifth series of "A League of Their Own" on Sky1 in 2012.
In 2012, Whitehall starred in a self-penned comedy drama series Bad Education on BBC Three, which began on 14 August, in which he plays Alfie, a teacher who is "the worst teacher ever to grace the British education system and is a bigger kid than the kids he teaches". The series also stars Mathew Horne as Fraser, the headmaster, Sarah Solemani as Miss Gulliver, the biology teacher, and Michelle Gomez as Miss Pickwell, the deputy head.
On 30 November 2012, Whitehall was guest chairman of "Have I Got News for You" (season 44, broadcast 7).
On 3 January 2013, he promoted his first DVD in an interview with Mark Lawson on BBC Radio 4's "Front Row".
On 24 November 2013 he acted in the Old Vic's charity gala '24 Hour Plays', where a series of ten-minute plays are written, rehearsed and performed within 24 hours. 
Also in 2013, Whitehall lent his voice to the Disney animated film Frozen. His character, a troll priest named Gothi has two lines.
In February 2014, Whitehall guest starred on Top Gear and as the 2nd time he ever drove a car, went around the Top Gear Test Track.
Stand-up comedy.
Whitehall started stand up comedy performing at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe at the Pleasance Theatre's Comedy Reserve showcase. He had previously taken a sketch show to the Fringe called "Comic Abuse". Whitehall won the Amused Moose Laugh Off 2007, and was runner-up in the Laughing Horse New Act of The Year competition, a finalist in "So You Think You're Funny?", and winner of the Charlie Harthill Special Reserve in the same year. He was also nominated for 'Best Newcomer' in the 2008 Chortle Awards, and was a finalist in the Hackney Empire New Act of the Year.
In August 2009, Whitehall performed his first solo stand-up show, "Nearly Rebellious", at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. The same year, he was nominated for 'Best Newcomer' at the Edinburgh Comedy Awards.
On 30 March 2010, Whitehall took part in "Channel 4's Comedy Gala", a benefit show held in aid of Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital, filmed live at the O2 Arena in London and broadcast on 5 April. Whitehall then appeared at the Montreal "Just for Laughs" comedy festival in July, and returned to the Edinburgh Fringe in August with his second solo show, entitled "Learning Difficulties". On 27 September, Whitehall appeared at the Apollo, Hammersmith in front of a full audience for a recording of the sixth series of "Live at the Apollo", which aired on 17 December. Also in 2010, he was picked out by "Variety Magazine" as one of their prestigious ten stars of the future.
In January 2011, Whitehall was nominated by the British Comedy Awards for 'Best Comedy Breakthrough'. On 12 March, he set a new "Guinness World Records" title together with Dara Ó Briain and Jon Richardson, for hosting the 'Highest stand up comedy gig in the world', on a British Airways flight in support of Comic Relief. On 24 May, Whitehall took part in the second annual "Channel 4's Comedy Gala", which aired on 10 June.
In August 2011, Whitehall performed two shows at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. His third solo stand-up show in succession, "Let's Not Speak of This Again". He also performed a series of four stand-up shows with his father Michael Whitehall, called "Backchat", which was also completely sold out. Both received very favourable reviews.
He appeared in the first series of Dave's One Night for the comedy network Dave. recording a stand up performance recorded at London's Haymarket Theatre. The show featured special guests as well.
In November 2011, Whitehall performed two sell out solo shows at the Hammersmith Apollo. These shows completed his debut national tour 'Let's Not Speak of This Again', Both shows again received highly favourable reviews.
Controversies.
In September 2009, Whitehall was accused of stealing one of Stewart Lee's stand-up routines for his critically acclaimed "Nearly Rebellious" show. Lee had performed the joke, which deals with the subject of life after walking in space, at the Montreal "Just for Laughs" comedy festival in the 1990s, and was filmed for TV by the Comedy Network. When Whitehall recited his version of the routine at the Edinburgh Fringe in 2009, he was described by an otherwise favourable review for "Metro" as "repeating" Lee's sketch "almost verbatim".
On 20 October 2009, Robbie Williams was accused of stealing one of Whitehall's jokes in his much-publicised 'comeback' performance as part of the BBC's electric proms at the Camden Roundhouse, When Whitehall originally performed the one-liner, which plays on the phrase "to look down on someone", it was voted the fifth best joke of the year's Edinburgh Fringe in a poll conducted by TV channel Dave.
On 20 June 2010, a photograph of Whitehall appeared in the "News of the World", purportedly showing him in possession of cocaine in Manchester. He quickly issued an apology for his behaviour, but did not confirm or deny the allegations. Later that same week, Whitehall appeared on the debut episode of "Stand Up for the Week" alongside fellow comedian Patrick Kielty, who took the opportunity to mockingly refer to the article.
On 30 December 2012, Whitehall appeared on "The Big Fat Quiz of the Year", during which he made a joke about Queen Elizabeth II. On the next day, complaints were submitted about the joke to Ofcom. Ensuing media speculation led to the National Television Awards stating publicly that Whitehall would not be forced to resign from presenting the awards later that month.
Personal life.
One of Whitehall's best friends is Leeds United footballer Matt Smith, whom he met at university.
Whitehall is also friends with Greg James and they have holidayed together in Ibiza.
He is currently in a relationship with actress Gemma Chan.

</doc>
<doc id="20728345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728345" title="Timex Sinclair 2050">
Timex Sinclair 2050

The Timex Sinclair 2050 (TS2050) was a computer modem built by Westridge for Timex Computer Corp. A very little quantity was sold with Timex Sinclair label, most with the designed Timex case was sold with the label Westridge 2050 because Timex exited the computer market when the modem started to be manufactured. A lot of people bought the modem board and made custom casing.
Because it was very slow (300bit/s), a magazine published a way to modify the modem to convert it to a serial port, allowing users to connect faster modems.
A cassette was released with the modem with software for TS1000/TS1500 on side A and for TS2068 on side B, to control it.
At least two bulletin board systems based on the TS2068 and TS2050 existed as of 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20728354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728354" title="Multipath">
Multipath

Multipath may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20728356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728356" title="Ostorhinchus hoevenii">
Ostorhinchus hoevenii

Ostorhinchus hoeveni is a Cardinalfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 6cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728366" title="Zoramia gilberti">
Zoramia gilberti

Zoramia gilberti is a Cardinalfish from the Western Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 4.2cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728377" title="Princess Louise Eleanore of Hohenlohe-Langenburg">
Princess Louise Eleanore of Hohenlohe-Langenburg

Princess Luise Eleonore of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (11 August 1763, Langenburg – 30 April 1837, Meiningen) was a German noblewoman. She was duchess and (from 1803 to 1821) Regent of Saxe-Meiningen.
Family.
Louise Eleonore was a daughter of Prince Christian Albert Louis of Hohenlohe-Langenburg and his wife Princess Caroline of Stolberg-Gedern (1732–1796).
Marriage.
On 27 November 1782, in Langenburg, she married George I, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen. They had three children:
Regency.
When her husband died on 24 December 1803, she took over as regent of the duchy for their son Bernhard II, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen. She ruled with energy, courage, and good sense during the Napoleonic Wars, which for the next decade ravaged the Saxon states. The duchy was forced to join the Confederation of the Rhine during these Wars and provide it with troops; afterwards the duchy was struck with famine, which Luise sought to prevent by importing wheat. Despite the fact that French and later Russian armies marched back and forth across the country, Luise refused to flee; she stayed with her infant son and two daughters inside their castle. She used every strategy to preserve the autonomy of her regency, so that when she joined the Allies in 1813, she had saved the duchy for her son. He became the ruling Duke of Meiningen eight years later. By adjustments in the duchy's administration she ensured the duchy was better managed and in 1821 opened the Gymnasium Bernhardinum in Meiningen (already begun by her husband). 
Her children were carefully educated, with a grand tour to Italy under their tutor Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi. After her son came of age, Luise went on several foreign trips, including one to England to visit her daughter Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="20728386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728386" title="Whitchurch and Tattenhall Railway">
Whitchurch and Tattenhall Railway

The Whitchurch and Tattenhall Railway was a railway line in Cheshire, which ran between Whitchurch and Tattenhall, where it joined the North Wales Coast Line at Tattenhall to terminate in Chester. It was built as part of the London and North Western Railway. 
Places served.
The line connected the small Cheshire Villages of Malpas, Hampton, Edge, Duckington, Broxton, and Tattenhall with Chester and Whitchurch. 
Closure.
The line continued to exist until it closed in 1963 for goods traffic, having already lost its passenger service in 1957.
The route today.
Today the line's old route intertwines with the current route of the A41 on its journey between Whitchurch and Chester.

</doc>
<doc id="20728409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728409" title="Household Fire Insurance Company v Grant">
Household Fire Insurance Company v Grant

The Household Fire and Carriage Accident Insurance Company (Limited) v Grant (1878–79) LR 4 Ex D 216 is an English contract law case, which concerns the "postal rule". It contains an important dissenting judgment by Bramwell LJ, who wished to dispose of it.
Facts.
Mr Grant applied for shares in the Household Fire and Carriage Accident Insurance Company. The company allotted the shares to the defendant, and duly addressed to him, posting a letter containing the notice of allotment. The letter was lost in the post and he never received the acceptance. Later the company went bankrupt, and asked Mr Grant for the outstanding payments on the shares, which he refused saying there was no binding contract. The liquidator sued. The question was whether Mr Grant's offer for shares had been validly accepted, and was he legally bound to pay?
Judgment.
Thesiger LJ for the majority held that there was a valid contract, because the rule for the post is that acceptance is effective even if the letter never arrives. He noted that anyone can opt out of the rule, and that even if it sometimes causes hardship, it would cause even more hardship to not have the rule. Once someone posts acceptance, he argued, there is a meeting of minds, and by doing that decisive act a contract should come into effect. 
Bramwell LJ gave a spirited dissent, concluding that acceptance should only be effective once it arrives (but see also, today "The Brimnes").

</doc>
<doc id="20728410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728410" title="Conqueror (Gates of Slumber album)">
Conqueror (Gates of Slumber album)

Conqueror is the third full-length studio album by the Indianapolis-based doom metal band The Gates of Slumber. Conqueror was listed as the #5 release of 2008 by Decibel Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20728435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728435" title="Taeniamia zosterophora">
Taeniamia zosterophora

Taeniamia zosterophora is a species of cardinalfish native to the western Pacific Ocean from Indonesia to Vanuatu and from the Ryukyus to Australia. This species can be found on reefs in protected bays and lagoons, occurring in dense schools around and among the branches of various species of branching corals, notably "Porites cylindrica" and species of "Acropora" and over sandy patches. It is found at depths of from . This species can reach a length of TL. It can be distinguished by two narrow vertical red stripes next to its gills and by a distinct small black dot at the base of its tail. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20728492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728492" title="Morton O. Schapiro">
Morton O. Schapiro

Morton "Morty" Owen Schapiro (born July 13, 1953) is an American economist and the current president of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois.
Schapiro received a B.S. in economics from Hofstra University in 1975 and a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1979. He joined the economics faculty at Williams College in 1980 and departed to become the chair of the economics department at the University of Southern California in 1991, rising to become the dean of the College of Letters, Arts, and Sciences in 1994, and the vice president for planning in 1998. He was appointed as the 16th president of Williams College in 2000, a post he held until becoming president of Northwestern University in 2009.
Schapiro's research concerns economics in higher education, about which he has authored 100 articles, as well as five books including "The Student Aid Game: Meeting Need and Rewarding Talent in American Higher Education", "Paying the Piper: Productivity, Incentives and Financing in Higher Education" and "Keeping College Affordable: Government and Educational Opportunity".
Schapiro is a trustee of the Williamstown Theatre Festival, the Sterling and Francine Clark Art Institute, the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art, and Hillel International. He is also a director for Marsh & McLennan, and the College Board. He and his wife, Mimi, have one son Matthew, 25, and two daughters Alissa, 23 and Rachel, 12.

</doc>
<doc id="20728519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728519" title="Sub Station II">
Sub Station II

Sub Station II is a small sandwich shop chain started in Sumter, South Carolina by three brothers, Don, John and Charlie Ruffalo. Their original unit, The Sub Station, opened in May 1975.
The first Sub Station II franchise facility was opened in Charleston, South Carolina, by Jimmy Cimino in January 1976. The second franchise facility was opened in Sumter, South Carolina, by Donald Wand later that year.
Sub Station II now has 47 units operating in North & South Carolina, Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee and Virginia.
Dominic "Don" Ruffalo died November 26, 2012. He was replaced as company president by his daughter Sandra Ruffalo Corbett.

</doc>
<doc id="20728533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728533" title="Sten Melin">
Sten Melin

Sten Melin (born October 10, 1957) is a Swedish composer. He started playing the trumpet when he was 10 years old. He has written about 30 compositions, ranging from solos to orchestral works in a variety of styles. He became the president of the Society of Swedish Composers in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20728538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728538" title="Pomacentrus amboinensis">
Pomacentrus amboinensis

Pomacentrus amboinensis is a Damselfish from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 9cm in length.
They live in small groups of one mature male that guards a nest site on the seafloor and several females. Once settled, females rarely migrate. New juveniles can usually join groups easily. As they reach sexual maturity, they usually lose their "eyespot" on their dorsal fin. "P. amboinensis" is a protogynous species - all individuals start out as females and later can turn into males. However some males retain the appearance of juveniles, probably to sneak into the harems of dominant males.
This species has been shown to have colour vision using behavioural experiments that control for brightness, apparently being the first known example of colour discrimination in reef fish.

</doc>
<doc id="20728561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728561" title="Pomacentrus nigromarginatus">
Pomacentrus nigromarginatus

Pomacentrus nigromarginatus is a Damselfish from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 8cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728585" title="Pomacentrus simsiang">
Pomacentrus simsiang

Pomacentrus simsiang is a Damselfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728590" title="St. John International University">
St. John International University

St. John International University (SJIU) is a private, independent American university founded in 2007 and incorporated by the state of New Hampshire in 2008.
SJIU has its main office in Concord, New Hampshire, USA. 
The university’s campus is located in the Renaissance Della Rovere Castle in Vinovo (Torino), Italy.
SJIU offers 4-year undergraduate degrees, 2-year graduate programs, short-term study abroad academic programs and English Language preparatory programs. 
As detailed in its mission statement, St. John International University is the first environmental American university in Italy.
Mission.
The mission of St. John International University is to offer liberal arts educational programs of the highest quality to a globally diverse student population. Through its undergraduate and graduate programs in the American tradition, St. John International University’s objectives include promoting humanism, fostering respect for the fundamental rights of the individual, emphasizing research, and instilling awareness of one’s physical and cultural surroundings. By integrating these objectives, graduates will gain environmental and cultural awareness which will prepare them to share with other members of society the responsibility that each of us has towards our natural and social worlds. 
Academics.
Keeping in line with its academic mission, SJIU offers undergraduate and graduate courses in the liberal arts, humanities and arts and sciences. Courses throughout the summer and academic year can be taken in the following disciplines: architecture, art history, environmental sciences, political science, business administration, economics, history, Italian language and culture, film studies, computer science, sociology, religious studies, and modern languages and literature. 
St. John International University offers the following undergraduate and graduate programs:
St. John International University also offers various Certificate Programs:
St. John International University also offers career oriented Internship opportunities, Study Abroad and Exchange opportunities and English Language Preparatory programs.
Campus facilities.
St. John International University’s campus is based in the Renaissance Della Rovere Castle, originally built in 1510, in Vinovo (Torino), Italy. The restoration of the castle is underway and, once complete, it will have over dedicated to faculty, staff and students. The campus is located just few kilometres away from medieval towns like Moncalieri (home to the Collegio Carlo Alberto), the historic park of Stupinigi and Torino’s downtown.
Student life.
St. John International University is located in the Piedmont region of northern Italy, giving students access to the commerce, business, art, architecture and culture of the area. The SJIU campus was established in the Della Rovere Castle in Vinovo, outside the city center of Torino, and exposes students to the culture of local Italian life and the castle's 16th beauty.
Activities.
SJIU organizes numerous activities throughout the year for its students. Academic course work includes excursions to museums, theaters, and musical performances; participation in various cultural events in Torino; and language and culture exchanges. Extra curricular activities include: ski weekends, trips all over Italy and Europe, sport activities, photography, film, painting competitions etc.
Student Government.
The student body is represented by the Student Government, a university-wide student government association composed of a minimum of three members and a maximum of nine members. It is composed of students elected every year in September.
The organization promotes the common welfare of the students, which it does by sponsoring programs and services and through acting as the voice of the student body.
Partnerships.
St. John International University welcomes students from all over the world and has established partnership agreements with various universities in order to facilitate student and faculty exchange, career oriented internship opportunities and collaborative research projects.
St. John International currently has partnership agreements with:

</doc>
<doc id="20728603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728603" title="Gil Pinac">
Gil Pinac

Gillis James Pinac, known as Gil Pinac (born November 29, 1957) is a former 12-year Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Crowley, the seat of Acadia Parish. He switched his affiliation to Republican a week before announcing his candidacy for the Louisiana Public Service Commission in the special election held on April 4, 2009.
Pinac ran third in the election. As he conceded defeated on election night, Pinac endorsed his fellow Republican, former U.S. Representative Clyde C. Holloway. Holloway led narrowly in the initial balloting with 32,258 votes (43.50 percent) to Democrat State Senator Joe McPherson of Woodworth, also in Rapides Parish, who received 31,610 votes (42.63 percent). Pinac trailed with 10,280 ballots (13.86 percent), but he won his home parish of Acadia and polled four votes more than Holloway and McPherson, who tied with 120 votes each, in tiny Cameron Parish on the Gulf of Mexico. McPherson's greatest strength was in Calcasieu Parish – Lake Charles – where he led 11,178 (50.40 percent) to Holloway's 7,873 (35.50 percent), and Pinac's 3,127 (14.10 percent). Holloway's total in Calcasieu – Lake Charles – was also his single largest parish total. The home of both runoff candidates, Rapides Parish, in a low turnout cast 6,527 ballots for Holloway, 5,327 for McPherson, and 791 for Pinac.
Background.
Pinac is a hospital administrator, the CEO of Pin Mark Enterprises in Lafayette. He graduated from the parochial school, Notre Dame High School of Acadia Parish, and holds a bachelor of science degree in business administration from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, then known as the University of Southwestern Louisiana. He procured his Master of Business Administration from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. Pinac is married to the former Cherie Arceneaux, and is the father of four daughters: Lauren, Andrea, Kelli, and Mary Catherine. The family holds membership at St. Michael's Catholic Church in Crowley.
Prior to his legislative service, Pinac was as a member of the Crowley City Council from 1987 to 1995 and served for a time as mayor pro-tem.
Campaign history.
Pinac was first elected to the District 42 seat in the state legislature in the jungle primary held on October 21, 1995, when he defeated his fellow Democrat Isabella L. DelaHoussaye (born April 24, 1939) of Crowley, 6,512 (55.9 percent) to 5,148 ballots (44.2 percent). Pinac succeeded Representative Christopher Charles John of Crowley, who ran unsuccessfully for lieutenant governor in 1995. In 1996, John was elected to the United States House of Representatives.
In the Louisiana House, Pinac was chairman of the Commerce Committee. He maintained a pro-life voting record. In other legislative votes, Pinac opposed (1) human cloning, (2) the restoration of mortgage interest deductions for Louisiana state income taxes, and (3) placing constitutional limits on state spending. He supported (1) more slot machines at horse racing tracks, (2) permitting public officials to be employed by casinos, (3) allowing bars to be located near churches, and (4) tuition tax deductions for private schools. Pinac was unopposed for his second and third terms in 1999 and 2003. 
Limited to three terms in the state House, Pinac instead ran as a Democrat in the primary held on October 20, 2007, for the District 25 seat in the state senate seat vacated by another Democrat-turned-Republican, Gerald Theunissen (born 1933) of Jennings, the seat of Jefferson Davis Parish. In that same election, he was a strong backer of the Democrat Bob Odom, who was eliminated from another term as state commissioner of agriculture and forestry. Pinac led in the primary with 13,437 votes (38.5 percent) and went into the general election with Republican Dan "Blade" Morrish of Jennings, who trailed in the first round of balloting with 11,145 (32 percent). A third candidate, Republican Mark T. Abraham (born November 13, 1953), the president of the Lake Charles Port Authority, a member of the Lake Charles City Council from 1989 to 1992, and a former LSU football player ran third with a crucial 10,294 votes (29.5 percent) In the November 17 general election, with a much lower turnout, Morrish prevailed with 11,186 (53.9 percent) to Pinac's 9,556 (46 percent). After his failure to win the state Senate seat, Pinac switched parties just prior to announcing that he would run for the PSC. Isabella delaHoussaye also switched to Republican affiliation and ran for the House seat again in 2007, but she was defeated by the Democrat Jack Montoucet, 57-43 percent.
Louisiana Public Service Commission candidate.
Pinac sought to succeed the Democrat Dale Sittig of Eunice on the PSC, who served from 1995 to 2008, when he resigned to accept the directorship of the Louisiana Offshore Port Authority, known by the acronym LOOP. Sittig is also a former member of the Louisiana House from neighboring District 41. A runoff election for the PSC seat was cancelled, when Democrat McPherson, who lost to Sittig in a previous special election in 1995, withdrew from the race. McPherson was reelected in his District 29 Senate seat in 2007 with 69 percent of the vote in the jungle primary against a fellow Democrat. Holloway won the position automatically without the need for a runoff election.
In his statement of candidacy, Pinac claims that he would "fight to get more power to you, the Louisiana consumer. I will take a common sense approach while working to keep electric rates fair, encourage the development of new sources of reliable, affordable, clean energy, and demand the safe and quick return of power to our homes and businesses after disasters strike our state. Our day-to-day lives are affected every time we flip that electrical switch, and in these difficult economic times, we should get what we pay for: safe, reliable, and reasonably-priced electricity and other utilities." 
In addition to Acadia, the PSC district includes all or part of seventeen parishes: Allen, Avoyelles, Beauregard, Calcasieu, Cameron, Catahoula (part), Evangeline, Grant, Jeff Davis, La Salle, Pointe Coupee, Rapides, St. Landry, St. Martin (part), Vermilion, and Vernon.
The PSC has jurisdiction over publicly owned utilities providing electric, water, waste water, natural gas, and telecommunication services in addition to all the electric cooperatives in Louisiana. The PSC also regulates intrastate transportation, including passenger carrier services, waste haulers, household goods carriers, non-consensual towing, and intrastate pipelines.

</doc>
<doc id="20728607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728607" title="Terms of Endearment (disambiguation)">
Terms of Endearment (disambiguation)

A term of endearment is a word or phrase used to address and/or describe a person or animal for which the speaker feels love or affection.
Terms of Endearment may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20728612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728612" title="Pomacentrus caeruleus">
Pomacentrus caeruleus

Pomacentrus caeruleus is a Damselfish from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 10cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728627" title="Tanga Cement">
Tanga Cement

Tanga Cement is a cement company of Tanzania. The company was founded in 1980 in association with the government of Denmark and in 1989, as a state company of the Tanzanian government, entered into a management contract with Holcim Cement of Switzerland. In 1996 the government began to privatize the company and as of 2007 it is owned primarily by the public and by Holcim Mauritius.
Production.
Tanga Cement produces Simba brand portland cement grades of Type II 32.5R and Type II 42.5R.
Location.
Production facilities are located in the area of the city of Tanga in Pongwe. Corporate offices are located in Dar es Salaam.
Listing.
Tanga Cement's stock is listed on the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange; its symbol is TANGA.
Competition.
Other major cement companies in Tanzania include:

</doc>
<doc id="20728635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728635" title="Pomacentrus pavo">
Pomacentrus pavo

Pomacentrus pavo is a Damselfish from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 8.5cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728649" title="Marlborough Street, Dublin">
Marlborough Street, Dublin

Marlborough Street is a street in the city centre of Dublin, Ireland. 
Naming.
The current name is in honour of the Duke of Marlborough, known for his victory at Blenheim during the 18th century. In the late 19th century it was for a time called Tyrone Street after Tyrone House. The lower part of the street was at different times called Union Lane, Ferryboat Lane, and Union Street.
Main Buildings.
One of the principal buildings on this street is St Mary's Pro-Cathedral, designed by John Sweetman, and completed in 1825, the other is the Department of Education and Skills.
There is also what used to be a depot belonging to the Dublin United Tramways Company. Dublin Bus now use the premises.
Marlborough Street was the location of the original St. Thomas’s Church which was damaged in 1922.
Luas.
Marlborough street will have a stop on the Luas Green Line when the Cross City extension is complete. Construction started in June 2013 with services expected to begin in 2017. Being near the Red line Abbey street stop it will be a key interchange point on the Luas network.

</doc>
<doc id="20728666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728666" title="Pomacentrus bankanensis">
Pomacentrus bankanensis

Pomacentrus bankanensis is a Damselfish from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 9cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728672" title="Fındıqlı">
Fındıqlı

Fındıqlı is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 590. 

</doc>
<doc id="20728682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728682" title="Beretbinə, Zaqatala">
Beretbinə, Zaqatala

Beretbinə () is a village and the least populous municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 178. 

</doc>
<doc id="20728686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728686" title="Robert d'Harcourt">
Robert d'Harcourt

Robert d'Harcourt (23 November 1881 – 18 June 1965) was a French Catholic intellectual, scholar of German culture and anti-Nazi polemicist.
Early years.
Robert d'Harcourt was a member of the aristocratic Norman House of Harcourt. He was born at Lumigny-Nesles-Ormeaux in Seine-et-Marne, the second son and fourth child of Count Pierre d'Harcourt and Adelaide-Alix de Mun. He was the nephew of Albert de Mun, half-brother of his mother. 
He studied Germanic literature at university. His doctoral dissertation was on the Swiss poet and novelist Conrad Ferdinand Meyer.
During World War I d'Harcourt served in the artillery with the rank of sergeant. He was severely wounded twice during the conflict. Eventually taken prisoner, he recounted his experiences in his memoir "Souvenirs de captivité et d'évasion d'un camp de Bavière". After the war he obtained the chair of German language and literature at the Catholic Institute of Paris.
Anti-Nazism.
His knowledge of German culture and his anti-Nazi views led him to publish numerous detailed articles attacking the new Nazi regime after Hitler achieved power in 1933. In 1936 he published "l'Evangile de la force" (The Gospel of Force), his best-known work. It was a harsh attack on Nazism, and particularly drew attention to the indoctrination of young Germans in Nazi ideology. Harcourt stressed the incompatibility between the radical racist nature of Nazi ideology and Christianity. 
During the Occupation, Robert d'Harcourt became a leading intellectual figure in the Resistance, publishing in the clandestine press. His two sons Anne-Pierre d'Harcourt (1913–1981) and Charles d'Harcourt (1921–1992) were both sent to Buchenwald concentration camp. They survived the war.
Post-war.
After the war he was one of five new members elected on 14 February 1946 to the "Académie française". This group election was caused by many vacancies resulting from the war. He was received on 30 January 1947 by Henry Bordeaux, with André Bellessort in the chair. Most of d'Harcourt's later publications were about the culture and politics of post-war Germany under Konrad Adenauer.
Count Robert d'Harcourt died in 1965, and rests in the cemetery of Pargny-lès-Reims.

</doc>
<doc id="20728690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728690" title="It Takes a Worried Man">
It Takes a Worried Man

It Takes a Worried Man was a British TV sitcom. It was made by Thames Television and ran for three series, broadcast from to . The first two series were broadcast on the ITV network, and the third and final series on Channel 4. Most episodes were written by the star, Peter Tilbury, who played office worker Philip Roath.
Premise.
Philip Roath is a middle-aged and divorced office worker who is highly intelligent, but suffering a midlife crisis, and completely bored 
with his job. He is never seen doing any actual work, just conversing 
with his colleagues about his boredom and frustrations with life. 
His boss suspects that Philip does little work, but is powerless to prove it or to do anything about it. 
Philip is also seen in psychoanalysis sessions with his analyst, Simon, who has worse emotional issues than Philip does.
DVD release.
All three series of "It Takes a Worried Man" have been released individually on DVD, with a complete series set to follow.

</doc>
<doc id="20728705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728705" title="Chrysiptera caeruleolineata">
Chrysiptera caeruleolineata

Chrysiptera caeruleolineata, commonly called the blueline demoiselle, is a species of damselfish from the Indian and western Pacific Oceans. It is up to 6 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20728708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728708" title="President's Pavilion">
President's Pavilion

President's Pavilion is an official residence of the President of Sri Lanka, located in Kandy, Sri Lanka. This was formerly the Governor's Pavilion until 1972 when Sri Lanka became a republic. It is located close to the sacred Temple of the Tooth in the center of the city of Kandy at the head of the Pavilion Street. Although an official residence, it is used rarely for official functions, most notably during the Esala Perahera.
History.
After the British gained control of the Kandyan Kingdom in 1815 by the Kandyan Convention it governed the former Kandian Kingdom as a protectorate. However following the Uva Rebellion, three years later in which Kandy was captured by the rebels, the British moved to combined both parts of the island under a central administration. However Kandy remained an important city second only to the capital Colombo. 
Therefor a European styled villa was constructed in the late 18th century for the use of the British Governor of Ceylon during his visits to the city. It was used for hosting Royal visits to Kandy. Most notably the visit of Prince Edward, The Prince of Wales in 1875. 
In 1944, during World War II, the South East Asia Command of the allies was moved to Kandy, where it remained till the end of the war. Admiral Louis Mountbatten, Supreme Allied Commander of the South East Asia Command took up residency at the Governor's Pavilion till the end of the war. 
Since independence in 1948 the house became the official residence of the Governor General of Ceylon in Kandy. It was formally renamed as the President’s Pavilion in 1972 after Sri Lanka became a republic. William Gopallawa was the last Governor General and first President of Sri Lanka to reside at the house.

</doc>
<doc id="20728719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728719" title="Qazangül">
Qazangül

Qazangül is a village in the municipality of Zaqatala in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20728730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728730" title="Chrysiptera rex">
Chrysiptera rex

Chrysiptera rex is a species of damselfish known by the common name king demoiselle. It is native to the eastern Indian Ocean and western Pacific, where it lives around reefs. It grows up to 7 centimeters long. It is of commercial importance in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20728735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728735" title="Sumaylı">
Sumaylı

Sumaylı is a village in the municipality of Göyəm in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20728742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728742" title="Nejc Vidmar">
Nejc Vidmar

Nejc Vidmar (born 31 March 1989 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian football goalkeeper, who plays for Domžale in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="20728755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728755" title="Çiçibinə">
Çiçibinə

Çiçibinə () is a village in the municipality of Mazıx (formerly Matsex) in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20728757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728757" title="Chrysiptera rollandi">
Chrysiptera rollandi

Chrysiptera rollandi is a species of damselfish known by the common name Rolland's demoiselle.
Distribution.
The Rolland's demoiselle is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific region. It lives on reefs among corals and in lagoons and harbors.
Description.
The Rolland's demoiselle is a small size fish and can reach a maximum size of 7.5 cm length.
It is dark brown with blue streaks and a cream-colored belly. 
It is of some commercial importance in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20728767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728767" title="Abalı, Zaqatala">
Abalı, Zaqatala

Abalı is a village in the municipality of Maqov in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20728778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728778" title="Xanmədbinə">
Xanmədbinə

Xanmədbinə is a village in the municipality of Dombabinə in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20728786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728786" title="Laqodexbinə">
Laqodexbinə

Laqodexbinə () is a village in the municipality of Yuxarı Tala in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20728789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728789" title="Stegastes diencaeus">
Stegastes diencaeus

Stegastes diencaeus is a damselfish from the Western Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12.5 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728806" title="McGee Brothers">
McGee Brothers

The McGee Brothers were an American old-time performing duo consisting of brothers Sam McGee (b. Samuel Fleming McGee, May 1, 1894, d. August 21, 1975) and Kirk McGee (b. David Kirkland McGee, November 4, 1899, d. October 24, 1983). Sam typically played guitar and Kirk usually played banjo or fiddle, although they were both proficient in multiple string instruments. The McGee Brothers were one of the most enduring acts on the Grand Ole Opry during the show's first fifty years. They made their initial appearance on the Opry in 1926 and the following year joined Uncle Dave Macon's band, the Fruit Jar Drinkers. In the 1930s, the McGees teamed up with early Opry fiddler Arthur Smith to form a string band known as the "Dixieliners," and in the 1940s they played and toured with Bill Monroe and His Bluegrass Boys and several other notable acts. 
The McGee Brothers saw a brief resurgence during the folk revival of the 1950s and 1960s, when folk artist Mike Seeger managed to reunite them with Arthur Smith. The brothers made their last major appearance as a duo on the Opry in 1974, although Kirk continued to appear regularly on the program until his death in 1983.
Early career.
Sam and Kirk McGee were born and raised in Franklin, Tennessee, a town located just south of Nashville. Their father was a noted fiddler, and both Sam and Kirk learned to play banjo at a young age. As a teenager, Sam picked up slide-guitar and other blues techniques from African-American railroad workers and street musicians in his native Williamson County, and he and Kirk subsequently adapted blues and ragtime styles to the string band format.
Around 1923, Sam and Kirk met Uncle Dave Macon, who had recently gained regional fame as a banjoist and vaudeville performer. In 1926, Sam and Macon appeared together on the WSM "Barn Dance" (which later became the Grand Ole Opry) and recorded several sides, including Sam's guitar solos, "Buck Dancer's Choice" and "Knoxville Blues." Shortly afterward, a recording scout suggested Macon form a larger band, and Sam, Kirk, guitarist Hubert Gregory, and bassist Golden Stewart joined with Macon as "Uncle Dave Macon and the Fruit Jar Drinkers" (Macon chose the name "Fruit Jar Drinkers", ignoring the fact that another band was already using a similar name). The band made several Opry appearances, and travelled to New York to record several tracks, including "I'm Goin' Away in the Morn" and "Bake That Chicken Pie" (by the time it recorded, the band's line-up had shifted to include Macon's neighbor, fiddler Mazy Todd). At the same sessions, the McGees recorded several tracks as a duo, including "Old Master's Runaway," which was based on the American Civil War folk song, "Year of Jubilo." Sam also recorded "Chevrolet Car", which he had learned from a mechanic in Nashville, and tried unsuccessfully to sell it to the Chevrolet Corporation. On "Chevrolet Car" and on several tracks recorded with Macon in the late 1920s, Sam played a banjo-guitar, providing rare early instances of this instrument being played effectively.
1930s and 1940s.
While the McGee Brothers continued performing with Macon over the years, by 1930 their main focus had turned to performing as a duo and with fellow Opry pioneer "Fiddlin'" Arthur Smith. In 1931, the McGees and Smith formed the "Dixieliners," a string band named after the railroad where Smith worked. The group toured and made numerous appearances on the Opry, but didn't make any recordings until their reunion two decades later (Smith's "Dixieliner" recordings from the 1930s were accompanied by the Delmore Brothers, rather than the McGees). Sam and Kirk made several recordings during the 1930s as a duo, however, most notably "Brown's Ferry Blues," which they recorded in 1934. Sam also claimed to have been the first performer to play an electric guitar on the Opry, for which he was chided by Opry founder George D. Hay, who told him the electric guitar was not "down to Earth." The Dixieliners disbanded in 1938.
In the 1940s, the McGee Brothers performed with some of the biggest names in country and bluegrass, among them Roy Acuff, Ernest Tubb, and Bill Monroe and the Bluegrass Boys. They also continued making appearances on the Grand Ole Opry, sometimes accompanying their old bandmate, Uncle Dave Macon. Early in the decade, they worked briefly with the comedy act, "Sara and Sally".
Later career.
The McGee Brothers continued performing throughout the 1950s, both as a duo and occasionally as solo acts. During the folk revival of the late 1950s, the McGees were "rediscovered", and experienced a brief resurgence in popularity. Folk song enthusiast Mike Seeger managed to reunite them with Arthur Smith in 1957, and the trio made several recordings. The trio played at various folk music festivals throughout the 1960s, including a well-received performance at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965. By the 1970s, the McGees were again playing primarily as a duo. They performed at the Opry's last Ryman Auditorium show on March 15, 1974, and as the Opry's senior members, were among the first acts to play at the show's new Opryland venue the following Saturday night. Journalist Garrison Keillor, covering the Opry's move for the "New Yorker", described the McGee Brothers' performance thus:
It was the acoustic moment of the show, when the skies cleared and the weeping steels were silent and out of the clear blue came a little ole guitar duet. Stunning and simple, and so good after all the "sound" I'd hear that week... 
On August 28, 1975, Sam was killed in a tractor accident on the family farm in Williamson County. After Sam's death, Kirk continued performing, mostly as a regular fiddler on the Opry. He died of a heart attack on October 24, 1983, a few days after his last appearance on the program.

</doc>
<doc id="20728819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728819" title="Neoglyphidodon crossi">
Neoglyphidodon crossi

–Als—
2common name=Black Mouth Damsel
Neoglyphidodon crossi is a Damselfish from the Western Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 10cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728828" title="Beverly (Pocomoke City, Maryland)">
Beverly (Pocomoke City, Maryland)

Beverly is a historic home located in Pocomoke City, Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, Georgian-style Flemish bond brick house built about 1770. The house faces the Pocomoke River. An original circular ice house survives on the property.
Beverly was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20728836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728836" title="Zizhou">
Zizhou

Zizhou or Zhizhou () is a male given name of Chinese origin. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20728840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728840" title="History of Wallonia">
History of Wallonia

The history of Wallonia, from pre-historic times to the present day, is that of a territory which, since 1970, has approximately coincided with the territory of Wallonia, a federated component which includes the smaller German-speaking Community of Belgium (73,000 inhabitants). Wallonia is the name colloquially given to the Walloon Region . The French word "Wallonie" comes from the term "Wallon", itself coming from "Walh". "Walh" is a very old Germanic word used to refer to a speaker of Celtic or Latin.
Prehistory.
The largest find of Iguanodon remains to date occurred in 1878 in a coal mine at Bernissart, at a depth of 322 m (1056 ft). "I. bernissartensis", that lived from the Barremian to the early Aptian (Early Cretaceous) in Europe, between about 130 and 120 million years ago.
The Grotte de Spy (Spy Cave) is located near Spy in the Walloon municipality of Jemeppe-sur-Sambre, in the province of Namur. It has been classified as Wallonia's Major Heritage. It is one of the most important paleolithic sites in Europe. In 1886 a discovery was made that still represents a capital episode in the history of science. The excavation was conducted by inhabitants of Liège, Marcel de Puydt, Max Lohest and Julien Fraipont. They proved the existence of a more antiquated type of human, in other words, the Neanderthal. Julien Fraipont published about Spy in an American Review 
Spiennes is another famous Walloon village in the municipality of Mons Province of Hainaut. Its
well known neolithic flint mines, are on the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The entry on the list describes them as "the largest and earliest concentration of ancient mines in Europe" and cites the level of human technological development they demonstrate as justification for their inclusion.
Antiquity.
'Julius Caesar conquered Gaul. Our ancestors became the Gallo-Romans and were called the "Walha" by their Germanic neighbours. Hence the name Wallonia. The "Walha" abandoned their Celtic dialects and started to speak Vulgar Latin. Already at that time, Wallonia was on the border between the Germanic world and the Latin world." The historians are emphasizing the land of the Walloon people: Leopold Genicot, Francis Dumont etc. For Félix Rousseau, Wallonia has always been a romance land since Gallic Wars and constitutes a Latin "avant-garde" in Germanic Europe. Félix Rousseau's book "La Wallonie, Terre Romane" Wallonia, Romance Land begins like :
For centuries, the land of the Walloons has been and has never stopped to be a romance land. That's the capital fact of the history of the Walloons that explains their way to think, to feel, to believe.Moreover, in the whole romance world, the land of Walloons, stuk between germanic territories, occupies a special position, a position of "avant-garde". Indeed, the 300km long border separate those "extremi Latini" of the Flemish at the North, of the Germans at the East.
The most remarkable of the romance identity of Wallonia is the Sequence of Saint Eulalia (because its traits of Wallooon, Picard, Lorrain), which is possibly located in Wallonia or at least next to Wallonia. Its origin must be located "in a region between Tournai and Liège and it was written around 880 
The "longue durée" event of the language border.
Following Fernand Braudel himself, the most important event of the Walloon history (and of the Belgian history), is the so-called Barbarian invasions. For the great French historian, it is one interesting example of the "longue durée event". He wrote that the result of the Germanic invasions - the language border in Belgium - is "a contemporary and living trait (see, for instance, Belgium divided into two parts along a language border". This border, separating the Germanic and Roman sprachraums, moved over the centuries which preceded the establishment of the Belgian state over an area between the Ardennes and the more or less straight line going from Aachen to Calais on the one hand and the much less populated frontier from Aachen to Arlon via Malmedy. However this frontier has not much changed since the 18th century.
Flanders is in the North of the red line and Wallonia in the South. The shape of the border between France and Wallonia is easy to recognize (in the light blue blot).
According Kenneth D. McRae, this language border "acquired administrative signifiance for the first time in 1822 with the William I's legislation on the use of Dutch in Flemish communes." 
Old Origin of the industry in Wallonia.
"L' Ardenne" (Wallonian spelling), is an old mountain formed during the Hercynian orogeny as for instance in France the Armorican Massif, the Massif Central and the Vosges. At the bottom of these old mountains, coal, iron, zinc, and other metals are often found in the sub-soil. This geologic fact explains the greatest part of Wallonia's history. In the North and West of the Ardennes lie the valleys of the Sambre and Meuse rivers, forming an arc Sillon industriel going across the most industrial provinces of Wallonia, for example Hainaut, along the river Haine (the etymology of Hainaut) : the Borinage, the "Centre" and Charleroi along the river Sambre, Liège along the river Meuse. This geological region, this "old mountain" is at the origin of the economy, the history, and the geography of Wallonia. "Wallonia presents a wide range of rocks of various ages. Some geological stages internationally recognized were defined from rock sites located in Wallonia : e.g. Frasnian (Frasnes), Famennian (Famenne), Tournaisian (Tournai), Visean (Visé), Dinantian (Dinant) and Namurian (Namur)" The Tournaisian excepted, all these rocks are in the Ardennes viewed as a geological area.
The Ardennes includes the greatest part of the province of Luxembourg (number 4), the south of the province of Namur (number 5) and the province of Liège (number 3), and a very small part of Hainaut (number 2). There were the first furnaces in the four Walloon provinces, using, before the 18th century, charcoal which was made in the Ardennes forest. This industry was also in the extreme South of the Luxembourg, in the region called Gaume. After this century, the most important part of the Walloon steel industry, using then coal, was built around the coal-mines, principally in the region around the cities of Liège, Charleroi, La Louvière, the Borinage, and further in the Walloon Brabant (in Tubize). Wallonia became the second industrial power of the world in proportion to its territory and to its population (see further).
The industrial revolution in the Sillon industriel will include four industrial basins (Borinage, La Louvière - called "Centre" - Charleroi, Liège) and a semi-industrial basin in Namur:
During ancient times these fourth basin was a major center of iron manufacture and one of the important industrial areas of the Roman Empire. With the fall of the Empire, however, iron was more or less displaced by various types of brass or bronze, and the local centers of medieval metalworking in Belgium moved to Huy and out of the iron regions, on up the Meuse river to the forested areas around Dinant and Chimay. In the twelfth and thirteenth centuries the iron masters of Liège evolved a method of refining iron ore by the use of a blast furnace. Called the Walloon Method, this development was instrumental in making possible the re-substitution of iron for brass after the fifteenth century. Apart from increasing the industrial importance of Liège, however, it apparently did not otherwise relocate the centers of metal production. There were a few coalmines around Liège, Charleroi, and the Borinage as early as the thirteenth century but their production was small. The main medieval use of coal was neither for household heating nor for metalworking. Rather, it was principally consumed as a fuel by various industries such as breweries, dyeworks, soap and brick factories, and by the important glassmaking industry that sprang up in the Charleroi basin during the fourteenth century. Coal was mined in those days as a kind of rural, part-time enterprise to supplement peasant incomes.
The Walloon Method in the Middle Ages.
During the late Middle Ages, "within the context of the demand for iron for artillery, important technological developments in iron working occurred in Wallonia (...) of particular importance in the County of Namur, County of Hainaut (... and) Principality of Liège", called Walloon method. The Walloon method consisted of making pig iron in a blast furnace, followed by refining it in a finery forge. The process was devised in the Liège region spread into France and thence from the Pays de Bray to England before the end of the 15th century. Louis de Geer took it to Roslagen in Sweden in the early 17th century, where he employed Walloon ironmakers. Iron made there by this method was known in England as oregrounds iron. See also Robert Halleux, Anne-Catherine Bernès, Luc Étienne, 'L'évolution des sciences et des techniques en Wallonie', in "Atouts et références d’une région", Institut Destrée, Charleroi, 1995 Atouts et références d’une région</ref>
The Beginning of the industrial Revolution.
Peter N.Stearns wrote: The improvement of the blast furnace and the development of the puddling process, both originating in England during the last half of the eighteenth century, accelerated the substitution of coke for charcoal. The first puddling furnace was not installed in Belgium until 1821, while the first coke-fed blast furnace did not appear until two years later. By 1850, however, there were as many furnaces using coke as charcoal, and by 1870 the extensive use of charcoal in metalworking had been discontinued almost everywhere but in a few small establishments in Luxembourg and Namur provinces. Under the impact of these developments, metal production moved out of the forested areas into the coal-producing vicinities of Charleroi and Liège. It was the perfection of the steam engine, however, which triggered the Industrial revolution in Belgium. In many ways the growth of steam power can serve as an index for the development of that revolution itself, since it was both a major cause and a major effect of its continuance. The earliest kind of steam-operated machine,a Newcomen-type steampump, was in use in mines near Liège as early as 1723 and at Charleroi by 1725. THe first steam engines based on Watt's modifications, appeared on the continent in a cannon foundry at Liège in 1803. The meager four horsepower produced by the two machines installed there grew to 1,400 by 1830, to 30,000 by 1840 and to 100,000 by 1860.
Second Industrial Power of the World.
Peter N. Stearns wrote: The improvement of the blast furnace and the development of the puddling process, both originating in England during the last half of the eighteenth century, accelerated the substitution of coke for charcoal. The first puddling furnace was not installed in Belgium until 1821, while the first coke-fed blast furnace did not appear until two years later. By 1850, however, there were as many furnaces using coke as charcoal, and by 1870 the extensive use of charcoal in metalworking had been discontinued almost everywhere but in a few small establishments in Luxembourg and Namur provinces. Under the impact of these developments metal production moved out of the forested areas into the coal-producing vicinities of Charleroi and Liège. It was the perfection of the steam engine, however, which triggered the Industrial revolution in Belgium. In many ways the growth of steam power can serve as an index for the development of that revolution itself, since it was both a major cause and a major effect of its continuance. The earliest kind of steam-operated machine, a Newcomen-type steam pump, was in use in mines near Liège as early as 1723 an dat Charleroi by 1725. The first steam engines, based on Watt's modifications, appeared on the continent in a cannon foundry at Liège in 1803. The meager four horsepower produced by the two machines installed there grew to 1,400 by 1830, to 30,000 by 1840 and to 100,000 by 1860.
Jean-Pierre Rioux quoted the following table in his book "La révolution industrielle" (Industrial revolution). The table is based on several "levels of development" (i.e. consumption of cotton in the rough state, of cast-iron, cast-steel, coal, the development of the railway network). This table was firstly drawn by Paul Bairoch one of the most important economist after the World War II 
Thus, this table is not based on absolute figures (or is not pointing out the absolute ranks), but the hierarchy of the industrial powers is based on their levels of development. And if Wallonia is not pointed out on this table, Wallonia may be used instead of Belgium.
According to many authors, the word "Belgium" may be exchanged for "Wallonia" as for instance Herbert Lüthy, quoted by Maurice Besnard: Belgium and its Walloon part was "the first country to become an industrial country after England". Herbert Lüthy did not agree with the theory of Max Weber on the link between capitalism and Protestantism and, on the contrary, underlined the fact that Wallonia was a catholic country Philippe Destatte wrote that Wallonia was "the second industrial power of the world, in proportion to its population and its territory". Hervé Hasquin thought that " the development of the Walloon industrial regions contributed to make of Belgium one of the main industrial powers in Europa, if not in the world..." Philippe Raxhon wrote about the period after 1830,: "It was not propaganda but reality that the Walloon regions were becoming the second industrial power all over the world after England" Marc Reynebau said the same thing Michel De Coster, Professor at the University of Liège wrote also:"The historians and the economists say that Belgium was the second industrial power of the world, in proportion to its population and its territory (...) But this rank is the one of Wallonia where were concentrated the coal-mines, the blast furnaces, the iron and zinc factories, the wool industry, the glass industry, the weapons industry...". The Professor is pointing out this possible confusion (Belgium/Wallonia), as a good example of the difficulties of the Walloon identity. There are many other references about that: "The Walloon iron and steel industry came to be regarded as an example of the radical evolution of industrial expansion. Thanks to coal (the French word “houille” was coined in Wallonia), the region geared up to become the second industrial power in the world after England. In fact, despite the protectionism of neighbouring states, in 1833 Belgian industry boasted 5 times more steam machines per inhabitant than a country such as France. It also exported them to over 25 countries." "The sole industrial centre outside the collieries and blast furnaces of Walloon was the old cloth making town of Ghent." 
Depending on Brussels.
Professor Michel Quévit wrote Wallonia has been a prosperous country depending on the financial powers in Brussels. When arriving at the end of the first stage of the industrial revolution, Walloon captains of industry took huge risks because of the large increase of the production. The result was that the High Bank in Brussels took very important financial participation in the Walloon companies. "In 1847, it is done. Brussels became the dominating structure of the Belgian space 
Mikulas Teich wrote and summarized all the last stages of the contemporary Wallonia as far as the 1970s: 
The Belgian State: Wallonia depending politically on the North.
The language of Belgium's elites, Government, Monarchy, Bourgeoisie was French in 1830. And if Wallonia is now defined as a French-speaking country, the French choice of the elites in 1830 was not a Walloon choice, in favour of this southern part of Belgium and to the northern part. French speaking elites at the head of the companies, the industry, the politics were all coming from both Flanders and Wallonia. It was not an ethnic choice but a social choice.
Quickly, Wallonia found it to its cost:"In the history of Belgium, the legislative elections held on 11 June 1884 represent a pivotal point for the total victory of the Catholic Party over Walthère Frère-Orban's liberals opened the way for thirty years of homogeneous governments, thirty years of domination by that party, whose main power was in Flanders. Above all, this 1884 victory had the effect - to quote Robert Demoulin - of shifting the country's political centre of gravity from the South to toward the North.
Jules Destrée, an important socialist leader of Charleroi reacted against this situation in writing the Lettre au roi sur la séparation de la Wallonie et de la Flandre. Even the President of the POB, Emile Vandervelde said that 'The walloon populations are tired to be dominated by an artificial majority formed by the Flemish part of the country.' 
1960-1961 Winter General Strike.
Tony Cliff wrote: Belgium has a long tradition of mass industrial strikes. In 1886 a great series of strikes broke out, first in the neighbourhood of Charleroi, then in Liege and over a large part of the Walloon provinces. The main demand was universal suffrage; but there were economic demands as well in some places. Then in May, 1891, a mass strike of some 125,000 workers put forward a demand for changes in the electoral system. In April, 1893, another strike, embracing about a quarter of a million workers, broke out for a similar demand. The outcome was universal, but unequal, franchise, the votes of the rich and “cultured” counting for two or three times those of workers and peasants. The workers, dissatisfied, carried out another mass strike nine years later, demanding a complete revision of the Constitution.An even bigger strike – in which 450,000 workers took part – was called by the Socialist Party and trade unions to achieve electoral reform in 1902, and again in 1913. Another general strike took place in 1936 which wrested from the capitalists a forty-hour week and paid holidays. In 1950 a general strike led to the abdication of King Leopold.
In 1958-9 the coal-miners of the Borinage spontaneously began a general strike not merely for wage demands but for the nationalisation of the mining industry.
Major and general strikes took place along this "sillon" in 1886 (Walloon Jacquerie of 1886, 1893 (Belgian general strike of 1893) for universal suffrage), 1902, 1913, 1932, 1936, 1950 (against King Leopold III (General strike against Leopold III of Belgium) because of his relationship with the Germans during the World War II). Wallonia was never dominating Belgium. Belgium was dominated by a Francophone elite from Brussels, Flanders and Wallonia. The historian Philippe Destatte wrote: "It is true that the Walloon movement, which has never stopped affirming that Wallonia is part of the French cultural area, has never made this cultural struggle a priority, being more concerned to struggle against its status as a political minority and the economic decline which was only a corollary to it." Jules Destrée fought against this situation which it is not rather known : the Wallonian people were always a minority in Belgium, firstly dominated by the Frenchspeaking elite and afterward by the Dutchspeaking elite. André Renard fought against this economic decline when he became the leader 1960-1961 Winter General Strike, a struggle for a self-governing Wallonia, a renardist strike.
Walloon Decline versus Reconversion.
The two world wars curbed the continuous expansion that Wallonia had enjoyed up till that time. Then everything changed dramatically in 1958. The factories of Wallonia were by then antiquated, the coal was running out and the cost of extracting coal was constantly rising. It was the end of an era, and Wallonia had to redefine itself as a dynamic industrial heartland. The key to the region's future was state-of-the-art technology." In December 1960, a strike gripped the country, but it succeeded only in Wallonia. The movement became a renardist strike. Renée Fox explained all the affair in a few words:
At the beginning of the 1960s (...), a major reversal in the relationship between Flanders and Wallony was taking place. Flanders had entered a vigorous, post-World War II period of industialization, and a significant percentage of the foreign capital (particularly from the United States), coming into Belgium to support new industries was being invested in Flanders. In contrast, Wallony's coal mines and time-worn steel plants and factories were in crisis. The region had lost thousands of jobs and much investment capital. A new Dutch-speaking, upwardly mobile "populist bourgeoisie" was not only becoming visible and vocal in Flemish movements but also in both the local and national policy strike of December 1960 against the austerity law of Gaston Eyskens was replaced by a collective expression of the frustrations, anxieties, and grievances that Wallony was experiencing in response to its altered situation, and by the demands of the newly formed Mouvement populaire wallon for (...) regional autonomy for Wallony...
Now, Wallonia is managing interregional cooperation with its neighbours, centres of excellence and-state-of-the-art technologies and business parks. The Region is not yet at the level of Flanders and is suffering many difficulties.
Nevertheless forty Walloon companies are number one in Wallonia and worldwide following the Union Wallonne des Entreprises, for instance: in glass production lime and limestone production Cyclotrons aviation industry etc.
Culture.
The Manifesto for Walloon culture published in 1983 is also an important event of the Walloon History.

</doc>
<doc id="20728850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728850" title="Dascyllus auripinnis">
Dascyllus auripinnis

Dascyllus auripinnis is a Damselfish from the Eastern Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 11.5cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20728858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728858" title="Frank Deasy">
Frank Deasy

Frank Deasy (19 May 1959 – 17 September 2009) was an Irish screenwriter. He won an Emmy Award for the television series "Prime Suspect" and was also nominated for his works, "Looking After Jo Jo" and "The Grass Arena". His other works included the BBC/HBO mini-series, "The Passion".
Preceding his death from liver cancer on 17 September 2009, Deasy spoke in public about his condition. An appearance on RTÉ Radio 1's "Liveline" led to a record increase in organ donor card requests in Ireland.
Life and career.
Deasy was a native of Artane, Dublin. He initially worked as a child carer with Ireland's Eastern Health Board. He relocated to Glasgow, Scotland, where he died in 2009, having "liked it so much he never came home".
His career credits include "Prime Suspect" and "The Passion". James Walton of "The Daily Telegraph" described "The Passion" as "exactly the kind of intelligent and engaging drama you'd expect from a series written by Frank Deasy". For RTÉ he wrote "Father & Son", which achieved 26% and 27% audience shares for its first two episodes broadcast on RTÉ One in 2009 and was consistently within Ireland's Top Ten television programmes throughout its run. "Father & Son" features a character, Barrington Smith, who suffers from kidney malfunction and must escape from prison to find a cure. In spite of this success, John Spain in the "Irish Independent" commented that Deasy was still not very well known in Ireland at this time. He also wrote films and had a co-credit on Miramax's "Prozac Nation", featuring Christina Ricci, Jessica Lange and Lou Reed. Deasy was working on "Gaza", a BBC Films drama due to begin filming in October 2009, at the time of his death. One year before his death, "Gaza" featured on the "Brit List", which features the most deserving unproduced screenplays in Ireland and the United Kingdom. He was also supposed to be writing an eight-part BBC drama series about the House of Medici. He was also due to follow a family over a century for RTÉ.
Health.
Deasy was first diagnosed with liver cancer four years before his death. He underwent surgery to remove the tumour but it was found to have returned in January 2009.
Days before his death from the disease, Deasy began discussing his condition in public forums. On his final Sunday, "The Observer" featured an article detailing his suffering and using it to request more organ donors. Deasy said: "I am only one of thousands of patients on organ transplant lists in Britain, living on our own, invisible, death row". Actor Dougray Scott, who starred in Deasy's drama "Father & Son", supported him in "The Observer". Deasy's words were echoed in "The Observer"s editorial which called for an enforcement of presumed consent.
The following day, Deasy's story was carried by "The Scotsman" newspaper. Later that day, he appeared on Joe Duffy's "Liveline" programme on RTÉ Radio 1 appealing for more organ donors and insisting that it was a "very urgent matter". On the day his death was reported it was confirmed that a record of at least 5,500 people had applied to become holders of organ donor cards since the interview, 2,000 immediately afterwards and a further 3,500 the following day. By comparison, a similar request on "The Late Late Show" in 2007 yielded only 1,000 more donor applicants. The "Evening Herald" carried Deasy's story on 16 September, one day before his death in The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh. The figures had risen to 10,000 one day after Deasy's death, three times the amount usually received during an annual appeal.
His blood group (B) is that which makes up 10% of people, meaning he could only have received a transplant from such a group. Deasy resided in Scotland at the time of his death in hospital. He was survived by his wife, Marie and their three children. A seminar on organ donation inspired by Deasy took place in Dublin seven weeks to the day after his death.
Tributes.
Mark Murphy, CEO of the Irish Kidney Association, praised Deasy's "selflessness" during his final days alive. Anthony Jones, Deasy's literary agent, said he was a "wonderful, funny, tough and clever man". RTÉ Television's commissioning editor for Drama, Jane Gogan, said Deasy "brought a tremendous honesty and passionate intensity to his work" who "will be a big loss as a friend and inspiration to those he worked with but, more importantly, as a husband and father his loss will be incalculable". Actor Dougray Scott called Deasy "quite simply the most extraordinary and brilliant writer I have ever worked with and one of the most extraordinary and beautiful men I was blessed to have met" and said: "Today a great, great man was taken away from us. Very few times in life is one fortunate and blessed enough to meet a person like Frank Deasy. [...] Whenever I spent time or talked with Frank I always felt the warmth, wisdom and sheer joy of life that I remember getting from my own father. That's how special he was to me. He had everything I admire in a human being. Protective, caring and loving to his very special wife and children. And brave. So brave. Frank Deasy will be with me always". In its editorial on 18 September 2009, the "Evening Herald" said Deasy "gave hope to thousands".

</doc>
<doc id="20728871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728871" title="Group for the Advancement of Psychiatry">
Group for the Advancement of Psychiatry

The Group for the Advancement of Psychiatry (GAP) is an American professional organization of psychiatrists dedicated to shaping psychiatric thinking, public programs and clinical practice in mental health. Its 29 committees meet semi-annually and choose their own topics for exploration. They explore issues and ideas on the frontiers of psychiatry and in applying psychiatric insights into general medical, social, and interpersonal problems.
History of GAP.
GAP was part of a larger move toward professionalization of the field. GAP was founded in May 1946 by a group of young psychiatrists who had served in World War II. They returned to the U.S. to find an inadequate system of civilian care and were impatient with the traditionalism of the American Psychiatric Association (which had originally been founded as an association of asylum superintendent). 
GAP was formed under the leadership of 
Dr. William C. Menninger 
and the "young turks" in American psychiatry who were eager to professionalize the field. Menninger wrote:
The organization of GAP was not a revolution. With the deepest sincerity, the founding group was seeking a way in which American psychiatry could give more forceful leadership, both medically and socially. Although the name may sound presumptuous, it was chosen because of the sense of great urgency that psychiatry should advance, and the belief that by hard work, and teamwork, we could help it do so. Those early years of GAP were marked by the feeling on the part of its membership that much needed to be done, and quickly.
Publications.
GAP's first published report (by the Committee on Therapy) was on the "promiscuous and indiscriminate use of electro-shock therapy." 
GAP's formulated policy to discuss controversial psychosocial issues was announced in 1950, in the Committee on Social Issues' Report, "The Social Responsibility of Psychiatry, A Statement of Orientation". In that Report, the Committee noted that two factors had been influential in causing diverse social problems in psychiatry: the role of prejudice in determining attitudes towards social problems and the sparse knowledge about the relationship between society and personality. In this pioneering document, the Committee on Social Issues emphasized the social responsibility of psychiatry. It made a number of suggestions for broadening the conceptual framework of psychiatry to include: "redefinition of the concept of mental illness, emphasizing those dynamic principles which pertain to the person's interaction with society...examination of the social factors which contribute to the causation of mental illness and also influence its course and outcome...consideration of the specific group psychological phenomena which are relevant, in a positive sense, to community mental health...the development of criteria for social action, relevant to the promotion of individual and community mental health." By 1955 the group was advocating an "objective critical attitude should orient the field.
GAP continued to produce position statements on relevant and controversial psychiatric issues such as abortion, 
drug use, 
sex crimes,
school desegregation,
loyalty oaths,
nuclear energy,
and euthanasia.
Its "Report on homosexuality with particular emphasis on this problem in governmental agencies" (1955) criticized "witch hunts" against homosexuals working in the U.S. government.
and the purging of homosexuals from the government.
GAP reports were concise, published soon after they were written and widely respected and influential.
Membership.
GAP is composed of over 200 leaders in psychiatry who meet twice a year to debate and think through pertinent issues in psychiatry. 
In over 50 years, GAP has shared Presidents with other national psychiatric organizations including: The American Psychiatric Association, the American College of Psychiatrists, and the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. GAP has researchers recognized nationally and internationally in the areas of addiction, geriatrics, child and adolescent psychiatry, terrorism and academics.

</doc>
<doc id="20728884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728884" title="Burley Manor">
Burley Manor

Burley Manor is a historic home located in Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland. It is a Federal-style brick house built about 1832.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20728902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728902" title="Bier spots">
Bier spots

Bier spots are small, light macules usually found on the arms and legs of young adults, in which the intervening skin may seem erthematous but blanches with pressure so that these light macules disappear. This is a benign physiologic vascular anomaly of no significance clinically.

</doc>
<doc id="20728917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728917" title="2008–09 Iranian Volleyball Super League">
2008–09 Iranian Volleyball Super League

The following is the final results of the Iranian Volleyball Super League (Innovation and Flourishing Cup) 2008/09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20728930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728930" title="Suction (medicine)">
Suction (medicine)

In medicine, devices are sometimes necessary to create suction. Suction may be used to clear the airway of blood, saliva, vomit, or other secretions so that a patient may breathe. Suctioning can prevent pulmonary aspiration, which can lead to lung infections. In pulmonary toilet, suction is used to remove fluids from the airways, to facilitate breathing and prevent growth of microorganisms.
In surgery suction can be used to remove blood from the area being operated on to allow surgeons to view and work on the area. Suction may also be used to remove blood that has built up within the skull after an intracranial hemorrhage.
Suction devices may be mechanical hand pumps or battery or electrically operated mechanisms. The plastic, rigid Yankauer suction tip is one type of tip attached to a suction unit. Another is the plastic, nonrigid French or whistle tip catheter.

</doc>
<doc id="20728935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728935" title="Sand Creek (Wyoming)">
Sand Creek (Wyoming)

Sand Creek is a stream noted for the "most spectacular examples of cross-bedded sandstone and topple blocks in North America". Sand Creek flows from the Laramie Mountains in Larimer County, Colorado into Albany County, Wyoming where it joins the Laramie River. 
The area where Sand Creek crosses the border between Colorado and Wyoming() was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20728938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728938" title="Caleb's Discovery">
Caleb's Discovery

Caleb's Discovery is a historic home located two miles west of Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland. The house consists of two sections, the -story kitchen wing, dating from the early 18th century, and the -story living room wing, dating from about 1820. It is a good illustration of the incorporation of an early house into a later structure without the loss of the earlier building's identity.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20728945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728945" title="John W. Rogers, Jr.">
John W. Rogers, Jr.

John Washington Rogers, Jr. (born March 31, 1958), an investor who founded Ariel Capital Management (now Ariel Investments, LLC)in 1983. He is chairman and CEO of the company, which is the United States' largest minority-run mutual fund firm. He has been a regular contributor to "Forbes" magazine for most of the last decade. Active in the 2008 Barack Obama presidential campaign, Rogers was a leader of the 2009 Inauguration committee. 
Rogers was appointed as the Board President of the Chicago Park District for six years in the 1990s. He has also was appointed as board member to several companies, as a leader of several organizations affiliated with his collegiate alma mater, and as a leader in youth education in his native Chicago. In 2007, Rogers was honored with the Woodrow Wilson Award from Princeton University for the breadth and depth of his service to many organizations. While a student at Princeton, he was captain of the 1979–80 Ivy League co-champion Princeton Tigers men's basketball team.
Background.
Rogers was raised in the Hyde Park community area of Chicago's South Side, and graduated from the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools in 1976. At the age of 12 his father started giving him dividend-paying stocks. He went to college at Princeton University, where he used his free time to glean market information at his local stock brokerage and where he was influenced by Burton Malkiel's "A Random Walk Down Wall Street".
He was a college basketball teammate of Craig Robinson, and he served as captain of the 1979–80 Ivy League co-champion Princeton Tigers men's basketball team. He had a habit of perusing business journals and calling his broker from stadium payphones. Rogers credits Pete Carril, his basketball coach, as his greatest college influence because Carril stressed precision and teamwork.
Rogers studied economics at Princeton. After graduating in 1980, he worked for William Blair & Company in Chicago. A few years later, and with the financial backing of family and friends, he opened his own firm, starting with the Municipal Employees' Annuity & Benefit Fund of Chicago as his first account.
Family.
He is the only son of Jewel Lafontant and John Rogers, Sr. His mother Jewel was the first African American woman to graduate from the University of Chicago Law School in 1946. She became a prominent Republican lawyer, and she nominated Richard Nixon, who won the Republican Party Presidential Nomination, at the 1960 Republican National Convention. His father was a Tuskegee airman pilot with over 100 combat missions of service during World War II and an eventual Cook County judge for twenty years. His parents divorced in 1961 and his mother died in 1997. Rogers was three years old when his parents divorced. He had a daughter, Victoria, with his former wife Desirée Rogers.
One of Rogers' great-grandfathers owned the Stratford Hotel in Greenwood, Tulsa, Oklahoma, known as The Black Wall Street. The hotel was destroyed in the Tulsa race riot. Rogers helped finance "Before They Die!", a documentary detailing some survivor accounts, and made a brief appearance in the film.
On December 28, 2002, Rogers married Sharon Fairley who was also a divorcee. At the time of her 2002 wedding announcement in "The New York Times", Fairley, who is also a Princeton alumna, was the executive director of consumer marketing and trademark development at Pharmacia. Fairley currently is an assistant United States Attorney in Chicago.
Personal life.
Rogers has a special overnight delivery subscription with "BusinessWeek" that is delivered via Federal Express so it is received a day earlier than the regular public. He still does not use computers or e-mail. Rogers is known for wearing gray pinstripe business suits to work. On the basketball court, he wears black-rimmed goggles. 
Rogers also has a publicly disclosed set of habits. He has had a diet, which includes on average more than one meal a day from McDonald's at least since college. He only eats simple familiar foods and will return an order because a vegetable touched his meat. His family's long-time (over 40 years) housekeeper, Melba Pryer, claims that he buys things such as shaving cream and deodorant in sixes and that he changes his toothbrush every other week. He collects teddy bears (especially Winnie the Pooh).
Three-on-three basketball has been a continuing part of his life. As of 2000, he had a team with the second and fourth all-time leading scorers at Princeton, Kit Mueller (class of 1991) and Robinson (1983) and the school's second leading three point shooter Sean Jackson (1992). Between 1996 and 2000 his team had won 12 of 17 tournaments that they had entered. He scored the game-winning basket of Chicago's three-on-three basketball tournament on a team with Arne Duncan, Robinson, and Kit Mueller. Rogers and Robinson were among those invited to practice with Michael Jordan as he prepared for his comeback. He claims to be the first person to have beaten Jordan in a game of one-on-one at one of his fantasy basketball camps. Among the witnesses to the victory, which was reported in "Sports Illustrated", were John Thompson, Jr., Mike Krzyzewski and fellow fantasy participant Damon Wayans.
Ariel Capital Management/Ariel Investments, LLC.
Rogers was one of the hot stock pickers of the 1980s. Rogers uses a value investing strategy, which has been a problem at times when growth stocks have been the better-performing investment class. However, his firm and its mutual funds have often been among the industry performance leaders and have on average outperformed the market. He eschews investing in new companies or making investments in companies that have no track record. For example, rather than invest in AIDS-related stocks, he would prefer to invest in hospitals that treat AIDS victims. His typical holding period is four or five years rather than the 14-month period of the average mutual fund. Mellody Hobson serves as the president of the company.
The growth of his company has been steady. He founded the firm in July 1983 with $10,000, which he turned into $23,170 by the end of February 1984. He had financial backing from his mother and other friends and relatives. The Ariel fund became public on November 6, 1986. In November 2000, he had 41 employees. In February 2002, the company had 51 employees and more than 120 institutional clients (including United Airlines, ChevronTexaco, and the California State Teachers' Retirement System), which grew to include institutional clients such as Wal-Mart and PepsiCo by April 2005. The company has over 100 employees as of 2008. In 2008, the company changed its name to Ariel Investments, LLC.
Rogers also has served on the boards of directors of other publicly traded Chicago-based corporations, including Exelon, and Bally Total Fitness Corporation, where he was named lead director. 
Rogers has been a regular contributor to "Forbes" for many years and online archives of his commentaries go back as far as 2001. He provides regular personal finance commentaries in a column that has recently been appearing under the title "The Patient Investor".
Public service.
On February 23, 2008, Rogers became the first African-American winner of a Woodrow Wilson Award from Princeton University for his service to the Princeton alumni community, the Chicago community, the African American community and the financial community. In 1994, "Time" featured him as one of its 50 leaders under 40. Rogers is co-chairman of Jesse Jackson's annual Wall Street Project minority conference, chairman of the Chicago Urban League, a member of four corporate boards and was a leading campaigner for Princeton basketball legend and United States Senator Bill Bradley's 2000 United States presidential campaign. Three of the boards he serves on are for Fortune 500 companies: Aon Corporation, Exelon Corporation and McDonald's. He is a trustee of the University of Chicago. He has served numerous civic, educational and arts organizations as a director or trustee, including the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition, the Oprah Winfrey Foundation and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. At Princeton, he was a trustee of the University from 1990 to 1994 and more recently has served as a member of the Association of Black Princeton Alumni (ABPA) and the Princeton Varsity Club board of directors, as well as the Alumni Schools Committee. In the early 1990s, Rogers served as a fundraising leader in Project Vote voter registration efforts led by current United States President Barack Obama. He has been an advocate for greater diversity in upper-level corporate positions.
Rogers and his company were part of a network of community partners that supported the Ariel Community Academy, which emphasizes financial literacy in its curriculum. Rogers donates both time and money to the academy: he has designed curricula and brings students to board meetings. As a result of his money and time investment 80% of the eighth-grade graduates from the academy are accepted at elite area high schools. Rogers adopted a class of 40 sixth graders at a cost of $200,000 per year through the "I Have A Dream Foundation". He expected to pay for college for about 30 of the students. 
He was part of the inner circle of the Barack Obama presidential campaign. He is a long-time Obama associate who serves as the co-chair of Obama's Illinois finance committee and who has been a major fundraiser for Democratic Party candidates. He served along with Bill Daley, Pat Ryan, Penny Pritzker and Julianna Smoot on Barack Obama 2009 presidential inauguration committee. In June 2009, Rogers became chairman of the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools' board.
Legacy.
Since late December 2011, the basketball court in the main competition gym at the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools has been named after Rogers. Rogers graduated from and played basketball himself at University High School. His name was printed on the floor during Winter Break of the 2011-12 school year, and the court's new title will officially be adopted on February 8, 2012, in a ceremony corresponding with U-High's home game against conference rival Northridge Prep.

</doc>
<doc id="20728956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728956" title="Darko Zec">
Darko Zec

Darko Zec (born 21 February 1989 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian football defender, who currently plays for Domžale in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="20728980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728980" title="2002 Hawaii Warriors football team">
2002 Hawaii Warriors football team


</doc>
<doc id="20728988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728988" title="Colin Hemsley">
Colin Hemsley

Colin Hemsley (born 11 August 1949) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Highley, Shropshire.
Hemsley, who also played soccer for Shrewsbury Town reserves, represented Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1966 and 1983, as well as playing for Worcestershire Second XI. His sole list A appearance came in the 1976 Gillette Cup, against Yorkshire.
Hemsley scored 4 runs in the match, and took figures of 0-13 from three overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20728989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20728989" title="John Hulme (cricketer, born 1950)">
John Hulme (cricketer, born 1950)

John Hulme (born 13 November 1950) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Shropshire. He was born in Chirk, Denbighshire.
Hulme, who represented Gloucestershire Second XI in the 1970 season, and who represented Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1979 and 1983, made his only List A appearance in his final year at the club, against Somerset. From the opening order, he scored ten runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20729021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729021" title="Littleton T. Clarke House">
Littleton T. Clarke House

The Littleton T. Clarke House is a historic home located at Pocomoke City, Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Second Empire–style frame house with a concave curved mansard roof constructed about 1860.
The Littleton T. Clarke House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20729047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729047" title="Aphasia (instrumental)">
Aphasia (instrumental)

"Aphasia" is an instrumental by the Swedish heavy metal band Europe. It is the fifth track on the band's second studio album, "Wings of Tomorrow", and is the shortest track on the album, with a playing length of approximately 2 minutes and 32 seconds.
It is currently the only Europe song to be solely written by guitarist John Norum to appear on a Europe studio album ("Boyazont" from the 1983 self-titled debut album was co-written by Eddie Meduza). It is the second and currently final instrumental to appear on a Europe studio album.
The song is featured on the compilation album "".
The song was covered by the Swedish power metal band HammerFall

</doc>
<doc id="20729102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729102" title="Crockett House (Pocomoke City, Maryland)">
Crockett House (Pocomoke City, Maryland)

Crockett House is a historic home located at Pocomoke City, Worcester County, Maryland, United States. The house is a two-story center passage plan frame dwelling, constructed about 1850, that reflects the influence of the Greek Revival style. Attached is a stepped "telescope" service wing.
Crockett House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20729104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729104" title="The Messiah at the Gates of Rome">
The Messiah at the Gates of Rome

"The Messiah at the Gates of Rome" is a traditional story, Mashal or parable in the Jewish tradition, from the Babylonian Talmud, Sanhedrin 98a.
Synopsis.
Rabbi Joshua ben Levi (who lived in the first half of the third century), while meditating near the tomb of Rabbi Shimon Bar Yohai, was visited by the Prophet Elijah. "When will the Messiah come?" asked Joshua. "Ask him," replied the Prophet. "The Messiah is at the gates of Rome, sitting among the poor, the sick and wretched. Like them, he changes the bindings of his wounds, but does so one wound at the time, in order to be ready at a moment's notice."
Then Joshua went to Rome and met the Messiah and greeted him, saying "peace upon thee, Master and Teacher" and the Messiah replied "peace upon thee, O son of Levi." Joshua then asked "When will you be coming?" and was told "Today!". Joshua went back to Elijah and was asked what the Messiah said. 'Peace upon thee, O son of Levi', Joshua replied, and Elijah told him that that meant that he and his father would have a place in the world to come. Joshua then said that the Messiah had not told him the truth, because he had promised to come today but had not. Elijah explained "This is what he said to thee, To-day, if ye will hear his voice", a reference to Psalms 95:7, making his coming conditional with the condition not fulfilled.
Reception.
Medieval Jews saw the story as possibly anti-Roman, and Rashi interpreted 'Rome' as meaning not the physical city but the part of paradise overlooking Rome. This neutralised and spiritualised the story and reconciled it with legends of the Messiah being carried alive to paradise. 
Later, Samuel Eidels went further and suggested that Rome wasn't mentioned at all as 'de Romi' should be read 'deromi', southern, referring to the Messiah being found in the southern part of paradise.
In the early 16th century the Kabbalist Abraham ben Joseph ha-Levi suggested that the 'Rome' in the story was a small town in Galilee with the same name, and a bit later Moshe Alshich put the Messiah in paradise overlooking this town. 
Concern about being seen as anti-Roman also led to translations of the Talmud replacing the word 'Rome' in this story to 'the city', 'Karta'.

</doc>
<doc id="20729126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729126" title="Abali">
Abali

Abali (, also Romanized as Ābʿalī) is a city in Rudehen District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,607, in 727 families.

</doc>
<doc id="20729154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729154" title="Sir Benjamin Cohen, 1st Baronet">
Sir Benjamin Cohen, 1st Baronet

Sir Benjamin Louis Cohen, Baronet (18 November 1844 – 8 November 1909) was a British businessman and Conservative politician.
He was the son of Louis Cohen, a stockbroker, and his wife Rebecca Keyser. After a private education entered his father's firm. Apart from his business activities he was involved in public and political works and in supporting Jewish charities. In particular he served on the committees of the Stepney Jewish Schools, the Jews' Orphan Asylum and the Home for Aged Jews.
In 1887 his brother, Lionel Louis Cohen, president of the Board of Guardians for the Relief of the Jewish Poor, died. Benjamin succeeded him in the post, holding the office until 1900. During his term he was very successful in raising large sums of money for the charity. He also altered the board's constitution, allowing women to be members.
In the 1880s he was involved in the resettlement of Russian Jews, and supported proto-Zionist groups seeking to settle in Palestine.
In 1889 he was elected as one of the members of the first London County Council, representing the City of London for the Conservative-supported Moderate Party. He retained the seat until 1904. His brothers, Alfred and Nathaniel, were also members of the council.
At the 1892 general election he was elected to the Commons as Unionist member of parliament for Islington East. He held the seat for eleven years, until he was defeated in the Liberal landslide of 1906.
In 1905 he was created a baronet "of Highfield in the parish of Shoreham and county of Kent". Cohen died after a long illness at his home in Hyde Park Gardens, London, in November 1909 aged 64.

</doc>
<doc id="20729166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729166" title="RA Centre">
RA Centre

The RA (Recreation Association) Centre is a recreation and activity centre in Ottawa, Canada.
Having been in business for over 60 years, and with a membership that exceeds 25,000, the RA Centre is one of the largest such facilities in Canada.
The Centre is governed by a volunteer board, and run by a combination of paid staff and volunteers. Over fifty programs are offered, including swimming and tennis, the latter of which runs year round under inflatable domes. Also available are a restaurant and conference rooms which can be booked for meetings or weddings.
The Centre is located on Riverside Drive near the corner of Bank Street, next to Billings Bridge Plaza.
Sports.
Clubs and Sports offered at the RA Centre include:

</doc>
<doc id="20729176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729176" title="Stanley Morgan (author)">
Stanley Morgan (author)

Stanley Morgan (born on 10 November 1929 in Liverpool) is an English writer and actor. He writes fiction, in the comedy and thriller genres and has had more than 30 books published since 1968.
Biography.
Originally an actor, Morgan had many jobs as a young man,including sewing machine salesman, debt collector and bank clerk. In 1951, Morgan emigrated to Canada where he spent some time working in the Bank of Nova Scotia. In 1955, he emigrated again, this time to Southern Rhodesia. He resumed his acting career there, and was sponsored to return to London after winning a Best Actor award. Upon returning to London, Morgan featured mostly in voice-overs, although he did have a small role in the James Bond film Dr. No playing the Concierge in the casino who first introduces Sean Connery as James Bond. Whilst between acting jobs in the late 1960s, Morgan began to write seriously and his first novel "The Sewing Machine Man" was published in 1968. Allegedly autobiographical, the novel revolved around the character Russ Tobin and Morgan has gone on to write a further 18 novels in the series. The latest of the Russ Tobin novels was published in 2005 after Morgan came out of retirement, mainly due to renewed interest in his work via the internet.
Along with George Harrison and Paul McCartney, Morgan is an alumnus of the Liverpool Institute High School for Boys, which he attended between 1945 and 1946
He now lives in Cheshire with his wife Linda and has 2 step children Sarah and Simon and further more 2 granddaughters named Amber and Martha.
Bibliography.
Gabriel Horn series.
Horn is a young man who has adventures of a sexual nature with young women. This is typical of most of Morgan's books of the late 1960s to late 1970s.[http://www.stanleymorgan.co.uk/index2.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20729182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729182" title="Gwendolyn Midlo Hall">
Gwendolyn Midlo Hall

Gwendolyn Midlo Hall (born 27 June 1929) is a prominent historian and public intellectual who focuses on the history of slavery in the Caribbean, Latin America, Louisiana (United States), Africa and the African Diaspora in the Americas. Discovering extensive European colonial documents in Louisiana, she created a database of records describing over 100,000 enslaved Africans. It has become a prominent resource for historical and genealogical research. In addition to earning recognition in academia, Hall has been featured in the "New York Times", "People Magazine", ABC News, BBC, and other popular outlets for her contributions to scholarship, genealogy, and the critical reevaluation of the history of slavery.
Midlo Hall is an award-winning author and "Professor Emerita" of Latin American and Caribbean History, Rutgers University, New Jersey. Since 2010 she is Professor of History at Michigan State University. 
Her work, "Africans in Colonial Louisiana: The Development of Afro-Creole Culture in the Eighteenth Century" (1992), studied the "ethnic" origins of enslaved Africans brought to Louisiana over time as well as the process of creolization which created new cultures. She changed the way in which several related disciplines are researched and taught, adding to scholarly understanding of the diverse origins of cultures throughout the Americas.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Gwendolyn Midlo was born June 27th, 1929 in New Orleans, Louisiana, the daughter of Ethel and Herman Lazard Midlo, a civil rights and labor attorney. Her parents were of Russian- and Polish-Jewish ancestry. She was influenced by her father's activism. In 1990 her mother founded the Ethel and Herman Midlo Center for New Orleans Studies at the University of New Orleans, where her father had donated his papers. 
Midlo has had a career marked by early political activism as well as academic scholarship. After World War II, at age 16 in 1945, Hall helped organize and participated in the New Orleans Youth Council, an interracial, direct-action community group, which encouraged and helped African-American voter registration and defied racial segregation laws. In 1946 she was elected to the Executive Board of the Southern Negro Youth Congress at the Southern Youth Legislature in Columbia, South Carolina. It had operated since 1937 to end lynching, racial discrimination and segregation, and to achieve voting rights for all. 
Midlo helped organize Young Progressives, an interracial youth and student movement in segregated New Orleans that included students from Tulane University, Newcomb College, and Loyola University (white colleges) and from Dillard and Xavier universities (historically black colleges.) She was active in the 1948 presidential campaign of Henry Wallace, the Progressive Party candidate, working in New Orleans, rural Louisiana, and Atlanta, Georgia. She also was active in the Civil Rights Congress and the Southern Conference for Human Welfare.
Starting at Sophie Newcomb College of Tulane University, Midlo studied history. After years of political activism and marriage, Midlo Hall completed some of her academic studies outside the United States, which gave her broader insight as she acquired fluency in French and Spanish. She earned a B.A. in history at Mexico City College, 1962 and a master's in Latin American History, also at Mexico City College in 1963-64. 
While a doctoral graduate student at the University of Michigan, Midlo Hall published an article advocating medical treatment for heroin addicts: "Mechanisms for Exploiting the Black Community", "The Negro Digest", November 1969. It inspired demonstrations in the streets of Detroit. She organized methadone-maintenance treatment programs in both Detroit and Ann Arbor, Michigan. Adoption of such treatment by major cities helped reduce heroin use and the crime rate in the inner city of Detroit and others. Midlo Hall earned a Ph.D. in Latin American History at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, in 1970.
Academic career.
Midlo Hall and Haywood moved to Mexico City, Mexico, in early 1959, shortly before Haywood was expelled from the Communist Party over ideological differences. There Midlo Hall completed her B.A. and master's degree, before returning to the US in 1964. In 1966 she started her graduate studies to earn her doctorate at the University of Michigan. She raised their children by herself after 1964. 
In 1965, while teaching black students at Elizabeth City State College in North Carolina, Midlo Hall encouraged them to organize armed resistance against the Ku Klux Klan and to oppose the United States military intervention in Vietnam. She chaired the Defense Committee for civil rights leader http://picasaweb.google.com/lh/emailAlbum?uname=ghall1929&aid=5307644475055127297 Robert F. Williams when he was extradited from Michigan to Monroe, North Carolina in 1975. During the 1960s and early 1970s, she published a number of influential essays in African-American magazines. Midlo Hall was fired and blacklisted in 1965 by Elizabeth City State College and the F.B.I. for her activities. 
When she moved to Michigan, she worked in Detroit during 1965 and 1966, often with Grace Lee Boggs, as a temporary legal secretary, in order to keep a step ahead of the F.B.I. which tried to get her fired from wherever she worked. The F.B.I. engineered the eviction of Midlo Hall and her two young children from three apartments which she rented in Michigan during her first year: two in Detroit and one in Ann Arbor. She managed to persist in completing course work and her Ph.D. dissertation for her doctorate, which was published as a book by Johns Hopkins University Press in 1971. 
After completing her doctorate, Midlo Hall started as an assistant professor at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey, where she advanced to full professor in 1993. She taught Caribbean and Latin American history, as well as classes on the African diaspora. Publication in 1992 of "Africans in Colonial Louisiana" supported a reevaluation of African-American contributions to Louisiana and United States culture. She discovered significant colonial data in courthouses in Louisiana, and made use of national and state archives in France, Spain and Texas. Finding that French and Spanish records had more details about the origins of slaves than did those of the British and Americans, she developed important material on Africans in Louisiana, as well as linking them to their home cultures on the African continent. 
She worked for 15 years, five years with research assistants, to develop a searchable database on the 100,000 descriptions of slaves in documents. These included Africans transported to Louisiana in the 18th and 19th centuries. The material was published on a CD in 2000 by Louisiana State University Press and online in 2001 by ibiblio at http://ibiblio.org/laslave. The database includes such details as slave name, gender, age, occupation, illnesses, family relationships, ethnicity, place of origin, prices paid by slave owners, slaves' testimony, and emancipations of slaves.
While an influential academic work, her book "Africans in Colonial Louisiana" has also become popular among jazz musicians in New Orleans. It continues to be appreciated by Afro-Americans and many whites in Louisiana. New Orleans jazz musicians refer to it as the "purple book". It is an important starting point for people who want to learn more about African-American culture in Louisiana and elsewhere.
Midlo Hall accepted a position as Professor of History at Michigan State University in 2010 where she devotes most of her time to "Biographies: The Atlantic Slave Database Network". Walter Hawthorne, Chair of the History Department, is co-principal investigator of this project. MATRIX provides the technology, hosting and storage. The project was initially funded by a contract from the "National Endowment for the Humanities."
Midlo Hall's work has been distinguished by her use of original language archives in France and Spain, as well as of records in Latin America, providing a broad base for comparison of slavery in different societies. She has published internationally in English, French, Spanish, and Portuguese, and lectured internationally in English, French and Spanish.
Marriage and family.
Midlo was married before 1951. Her oldest son Leonid Avram Yuspeh was born in Paris, France in 1951 from this marriage. 
After divorce, she next married Harry Haywood in 1956. He was a political activist, member of the Communist Party, USA, and theoretician of self-determination for the African-American nation of the Deep South. She changed her name at marriage to conform to his legal birth name of Haywood Hall. They were married until his death in 1985. 
Two children were born from this marriage: Haywood Hall, a physician, and Rebecca Hall, an attorney with a Ph.D. in history. 
Between 1953 and 1964, Midlo Hall collaborated with Haywood in freelance writing about theoretical aspects of the civil rights and black protest movement in the United States. Some of these articles were a joint publication in several issues of "Soulbook Magazine", which began publication in Berkeley, California in 1964.
Works.
Collected papers.
The Gwendolyn Midlo Hall papers (1939–1991) are housed at the Bentley Historical Library at the University of Michigan and later ones associated with her work on Africans in Louisiana at the Amistad Research Center at Tulane University.
The Harry Haywood papers are housed at the Bentley Historical Library and the Manuscript, Archives, and Rare Books Division of the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, New York Public Library.

</doc>
<doc id="20729190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729190" title="Fassitt House">
Fassitt House

Fassitt House is a historic home located at Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Flemish bond brick house erected about 1730 on property bordering Sinepuxent Bay. The main side features a carefully laid decorative checkerboard brick pattern. The interior features fine examples of Georgian raised-panel woodwork finish in the first-floor rooms. The property includes two historic outbuildings, a shingled frame smokehouse and a log corncrib, and a modern one-story guest house.
Fassitt House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20729235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729235" title="Declan Ruth">
Declan Ruth

Declan Ruth (born 30 April 1976 in Enniscorthy, County Wexford) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Rapparess and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1998 until 2007. Ruth is currently a hurling analyst on "The Sunday Game".
He also played football with Wexford.

</doc>
<doc id="20729260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729260" title="Auguste Maure">
Auguste Maure

Auguste Maure (Marseille, 1840 - Biskra, 1907) is a French 19th-century photographer.
The "Photographie Saharienne" studio.
Auguste Maure was an orientalist photographer that lived in Biskra (Algeria) from 1855 to 1907. He created the "Photographie Saharienne" studio in 1860 : the very first photography studio in south Algeria. Biskra is the queen of oases, a place where many artists (writers, painters and photographers) came in the 19th century to meet the particular climate, luminosity and landscapes of Sahara desert.
Photographic production.
Auguste Maure was active from 1860 to 1907 and took many photographs of landscapes and cities of south Algeria (El Kantara, Sidi Okba, Chetma, Tilatou, Tolga, Touggourt ...).
The members of the Ouled Naïl tribe, Berber dancers wearing incomparable costumes and covered by jewels, are often represented on Maure photographs very appreciated by the tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="20729265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729265" title="IHOP">
IHOP

IHOP (International House of Pancakes) is a United States–based restaurant chain that specializes in breakfast foods. It is owned by DineEquity, with 99% of the restaurants run by independent franchisees. While IHOP's focus is on breakfast foods such as pancakes, French toast, and omelettes, it also offers a menu of lunch and dinner items. The company has 1,500 locations across the Americas. In August 2012, it opened its first franchise in Dubai as part of a major expansion into the Middle East restaurant market. A second IHOP restaurant in the Middle East opened in Kuwait in February 2013.
History.
Jerry Lapin, Al Lapin, and Albert Kallis founded IHOP in 1958 with the help of Sherwood Rosenberg and William Kaye. The first restaurant opened on July 7, 1958, at 4301 Riverside Drive in Toluca Lake, Los Angeles, California. The location is coincidentally across from the oldest remaining Bob's Big Boy restaurant. Albert Kallis was a professional artist who designed the film posters of American International Pictures in the 1950s. Director Bert I. Gordon recalled that Kallis designed their logo and left poster artwork. The restaurant chain originally adopted the franchise-business model, where individual entrepreneurs who were granted permission by the IHOP ownership group could start and run their own IHOP restaurant. For example, Benson Gidan, an in-law of Jerry and Al Lapin, owned and operated one of the busiest and most popular IHOP franchises in the 1970s, located on Fairfax Ave. in Los Angeles, California.
The original concept was a restaurant which featured various types of pancakes and similar foods such as crepes and blintzes from around the world, at affordable prices. The chain was notable for their syrups of several different flavors. The menu later expanded (especially in the 1980s) to include (along with breakfast foods) standard lunch and dinner items found in similar restaurant chains such as Denny's. IHOP was owned at one time by a parent holding company which also owned the Orange Julius refreshment stands, but was sold by the mid-1970s.
Buyout of Applebee's.
On July 16, 2007, IHOP Corporation stated its desire to acquire the bar-and-grill chain Applebee's International, Inc. in an all-cash transaction, valued at approximately US$3.1 billion. Under the deal, IHOP would pay $25.50 per share for Applebee's. IHOP stated it would franchise most of Applebee's 500 company-owned facilities. Applebee's had 1,943 restaurants worldwide at the time, including those operated by franchisees.
With a larger than 70% vote, the company approved the untaking of this enterprise, which closed on November 29, 2007. The deal beat 26 other offers to purchase the flagging Applebee's. A number of executives from Applebee's voted against the offer. The chain's largest individual shareholder, Applebee's director Burton "Skip" Sack, stated he planned to take IHOP to court to demand a higher amount of money to be paid to him because the purchasing price that IHOP offered is unfair to the shareholders of Applebee's. As part of the purchase, a brand re-marketing scheme and revitalization of the Applebee's image was intended. The buyout successfully closed on November 29, 2007, and the corporate entity IHOP changed its name to DineEquity on May 28, 2008.
Legal case.
In early September 2010, IHOP filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles against International House of Prayer and six other defendants alleging trademark dilution and infringement. The lawsuit was dropped on December 21, 2010, with the dispute resolved out of court.

</doc>
<doc id="20729270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729270" title="Young-Sartorius House">
Young-Sartorius House

The Young-Sartorius House is a historic home located at Pocomoke City, Worcester County, Maryland. It is a -story, center-passage / single-pile frame dwelling built in two stages between about 1860 and about 1900.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20729286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729286" title="Association of New Jersey Chiropractors">
Association of New Jersey Chiropractors

The Association of New Jersey Chiropractors online directory was created to help users make informed decisions about chiropractic care in New Jersey. It lists over 1400 chiropractors in the state of New Jersey for easy reference. The directory also contains several general articles about chiropractic, links to public health initiatives such as the "Straighten Up New Jersey" campaign, offers a monthly chiropractic newsletter, as well as lists the licensing requirements for New Jersey chiropractors.
History.
The McClave Act was passed in 1939, and established uniform license requirements for anyone in New Jersey wishing to practice the "healing arts". In 1953 the law was updated and chiropractors were then allowed to apply for licensure before an examining board consisting mostly of medical doctors and a single chiropractor.
Over the next 30 years, New Jersey licensure laws continued to evolve with increasing educational and training requirements for chiropractors that were more in step with the national accreditation given to chiropractic colleges.
The passage of the Chiropractic Board Act in 1989 instituted the New Jersey Board of Chiropractic Examiners, an oversight board for regulating all practicing chiropractors in New Jersey. The Board was created within the Division of Consumer Affairs and regulates the chiropractic profession.
New Jersey Board of Chiropractic Examiners.
The New Jersey Board of Chiropractic Examiners consists of eleven members who reside in New Jersey. One member represents the New Jersey State Executive, two members are laypersons representing the public and the remaining eight members are licensed chiropractors who have actively practiced chiropractic in New Jersey for at least five years preceding their appointment to the Board.
Licensing requirements.
Applicants seeking to obtain a license to practice chiropractic in the State of New Jersey must be graduates of an accredited chiropractic college, successfully completing four years of study, consisting of 3,600 to 4,400 class hours of not less than 45 minutes each.
To be eligible for licensure as a chiropractor in New Jersey, an applicant shall:

</doc>
<doc id="20729307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729307" title="National Council of Poland">
National Council of Poland

National Council of Poland () was a consulting and expert body of the Polish government in exile and Polish president. The first council was formed in December 1939 and was disbanded in July 1941 in protest to the signing of the Sikorski-Mayski Agreement. It was reactivated in February 1942, but disbanded again in March 1945 after the Yalta Conference. The third and last council was formed in 1949, and finally disbanded, together with the entire government-in-exile, after the fall of communism in Poland in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20729331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729331" title="Ben Platt (cricketer)">
Ben Platt (cricketer)

Ben Platt (born 20 April 1980) is a Welsh former cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a left-arm slow bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in St. Asaph, Denbighshire.
Platt, who played for Shropshire in the Minor counties Championship between 1999 and 2003, made a single List A appearance for the side, in the C&G Trophy in September 2002.
Platt scored 8 runs in the match, and took bowling figures of 2-15 from 10 overs. 

</doc>
<doc id="20729344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729344" title="Genesar">
Genesar

Genesar is a historic home located near Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story brick dwelling. It represents the hold-over forms of medieval work and the earliest development towards the more formal Georgian ideals in plan and design.
Genesar was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20729369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729369" title="Moon Records (Canada)">
Moon Records (Canada)

Moon Records is a Canadian record publishing company established in 1973 after Rush and their SRO management company run by Ray Danniels were unable to find a record label interested in signing them. Moon Records served as an outlet for the band's first single, "Not Fade Away", and self-entitled debut album "Rush". Moon was distributed by London Records of Canada.
After the success of "Rush", the band was offered a two record deal with the Polygram Group and signed with Polygram's Mercury Records in 1974. Moon Records folded as a label and transformed in 1974 from an independent record label to a music production company. Anthem Records would become Rush's label in Canada.
Neil Peart of Rush, who joined the band after its Moon Records period, said about the experience of releasing the debut of the band:
"When we started no record company would touch us, and the only way we could get a record released was by putting it out ourselves on an independent label, which is pretty pathetic when you think about us being the biggest band Canada has produced. It makes you a little bit cynical about the whole thing."
With Moon Records acting as a production company for Rush, Ray Danniels, Rush's manager also launched Taurus Records (1973–1977).

</doc>
<doc id="20729406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729406" title="International Mechanism of Scientific Expertise on Biodiversity">
International Mechanism of Scientific Expertise on Biodiversity

The consultative process towards an IMoSEB (International Mechanism of Scientific Expertise on Biodiversity) was a broad, multidisciplinary exploratory process from 2005 to 2008 that involved a large number of stakeholders and had an important political and media audience. Its aim was the creation of a true value-added process by fully taking into account existing and current initiatives and mechanisms .
Initiated at the International Conference "Biodiviersity: Science and Governance" in January 2005, it ended in November 2007 with the final meeting of its International Steering Committee (ISC). IMoSEB recommendations and results were then brought at a higher political scale and congrued with the Millennium ecosystem assessment follow up initiative to create the IPBES initiative, led by UNEP. IPBES first meeting took place in November 2008 in Putrajaya, Malaysia.
Background.
International Conference "Biodiversity: Science and Governance".
During the International Conference held in January 2005, President Jacques Chirac launched a call for action to set up an IPCC like for biodiversity. The final declaration of the conference recommended in response, the launch of an international multi-stakeholder consultative process guided by a balanced multi-stakeholder steering committee. This process would assess the need for an international mechanism which would:
A provisional steering committee, based on the scientific and organizational committee of the conference, was set up to define the IMoSEB steering committee and its modalities of work .
Open Science Conference DIVERSITAS.
During the DIVERSITAS conference held in Oaxaca, in October 2005, the scientific community reiterated its support to the consultative process and for the establishment of a scientific panel on biodiversity that included an intergovernmental component
CBD SBSTTA 11.
A first presentation of the consultative process, its modalities of work, its goals and possible outcomes, were presented during the 11th meeting of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) SBSTTA in December 2006
Consultative process towards an IMoSEB.
International Steering Committee, Executive Committee, Executive Secretariat.
The International Steering Committee (ISC) was composed of about 90 members:
An Executive Committee (EC) was appointed to draft a plan of action for the consultation phase. The Executive Committee is co-chaired by Alfred Oteng-Yeboah and Michel Loreau and the following people became members of the EC: Ivar Baste, Martha Chouchena-Rojas, Christine Dawson, Horst Korn, Keping Ma, Georgina Mace, Martha Mapangou, Charles Perrings, Peter Raven, José Sarukhán, Robert Watson, Jacques Weber.
The Executive Secretariat was composed of the Executive Secretary, Didier Babin (Institut Français de la Biodiversité) and Maxime Thibon (Institut Français de la Biodiversité). The Executive Secretariat (ES) was responsible for coordination and promotion of the consultative process.
Anne Larigauderie (DIVERSITAS) contributed to the work of this secretariat.
First ISC meeting and its conclusions.
The consultative process was officially launched in February 2006 at irts first meeting in Paris at the French National Museum of Natural History. More than 90 participants attended the meeting. The meeting overall ended with the agreement to
The Executive Committee was asked to consider these two tasks and developed a plan of action for the consultation
A first step, based on case studies, aiming at:
Based on the results of the studies, the Executive Committee idntified a series of needs and formulated a number of possible options, as basis for discussion during regional consultations, seeking feedback on these propositions.
Case Studies.
Several case studies on the science-policy interface on biodiversity and on How scientific is used in decision making processes have been conducted in 2006.
Needs&Options.
The following needs have been identified by the Executive Committee on the basis of the results of the case studies and from voluntary contributions about the effectiveness with which scientific and other relevant knowledge is used in decisions that affect biodiversity, ecosystem services and human well-being at the international scale.
Options formulated by the EC as basis for discussion
Regional consultations.
In 2007, a set of regional consultations were organized, involving more than 300 participants and 40 international/regional organizations from 70 countries.
These consultations took place in:
Final International Steering Committee.
The Final ISC took place in Montpellier in November 2007, and defined what could be and do a possible IMoSEB
The mean features of an IMoSEB would be:
The mechanism would be:
2008 agenda included:
Towards an IPBES.
Based on the MA follow-up initiative and the outcomes of the IMoSEB consultative, and under the auspice of UNEP, a concept note was developed, beginning of 2008, by a number of experts in their individual capacities, on Intergovernmental Science-Policy platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES).
This concept note was presented at several events (CBD COP 9, IUCN world congress) and for review by governments.
The Putrajaya meeting.
At the Putrajaya meeting, IPBES concept note was discussed between governments.
All the meeting document as well as the advance report are available on the IPBES website
Notes and references.
Nature, Vol 442, 245-246,20 July 2006, Biodiversity without representation 
IISD reporting sur IMoSEB

</doc>
<doc id="20729468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729468" title="Sano Sansar">
Sano Sansar

Sano Sansar (, translation: Small World) is a 2008 Nepali romantic comedy film directed by Alok Nembang. The film has a massive star cast which includes Neer Shah and newcomers Mahesh Shakya ( popularly known  Karma), Jivan Luitel and Namrata Shrestha. Sano Sansar is director Alok Nembang's directorial debut and is the second Nepali HD movie made after "Kagbeni".The movie is heavily influenced by the Korean movie "My Sassy Girl" and the English-language movie "You've Got Mail.".
Reception.
Sano Sansar was received with positive-reviews. Kathmandu Post gave very good ratings calling it "a great relief from the all time dhisum dhisum fight scenes and ghintang ghintang rhythmic songs of Nepali films".
The musical aspect of this film was also highly appreciated while title track by Babu Bogati was highly popular among youngsters

</doc>
<doc id="20729469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729469" title="Suri Sadar subdivision">
Suri Sadar subdivision

Suri Sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the Birbhum district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of three municipalities (Suri, Dubrajpur and Sainthia) and seven community development blocs: Suri — I, Suri — II, Saithiya, Dubrajpur, Khayrashol, Rajnagar and Mahammad Bazar. The seven blocks contain one census town: Ahmadpur and 62 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Suri.
Area.
Apart from the three municipalities, Suri, Dubrajpur and Sainthia, the subdivision contains one census town: Ahmadpur and rural areas of 62 gram panchayats under seven community development blocs: Suri — I, Suri — II, Saithiya, Dubrajpur, Khayrashol, Rajnagar and Mahammad Bazar.
Blocks.
Suri — I block.
Suri — I block consists of rural areas with seven gram panchayats, viz. Alunda, Karidhya, Mallickpur, Tilpara, Bhurkuna, Khatanga and Nagari. Suri and Sadaipur police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Barabagan.
Suri — II block.
Suri — II block consists of rural areas with six gram panchayats, viz. Abinashpur, Domdama, Koma, Banshanka, Kendua and Purandarpur. Suri and Panrui police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Purandarpur.
Saithiya block.
Saithiya block consists of one census town: Ahmadpur and rural areas with 12 gram panchayats, viz. Ahmedpur, Banagram, Horisara, Panrui, Bhromorkol, Deriapur, Hatora, Sangra, Amarpur, Fulur, Mathpalsa and Sreenidhipur. Saithiya and Panrui police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ahmadnagar.
Dubrajpur block.
Dubrajpur block consists of rural areas with ten gram panchayats, viz. Balijuri, Hetampur, Loba, Sahapur, Chinpai, Jashpur, Paduma, Gohaliara, Laxmi-Narayanpur and Parulia. Illambazar, Sadaipur and Dubrajpur police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Dubrajpur.
Khayrashol block.
Khayrashol block consists of rural areas with ten gram panchayats, viz. Babuijore, Kendgore, Nakrakonda, Rupuspur, Barrah, Khoyrasole, Panchra, Hazratpur, Lokepur and Parsundi. Khayrashol and Kankartala police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Khayrashol.
Rajnagar block.
Rajnagar block consists of rural areas with five gram panchayats, viz. Bhabanipur, Gangmuri-Joypur, Tantipara, Chandrapur and Rajnagar. Rajnagar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rajnagar.
Mahammad Bazar block.
Mahammad Bazar block consists of rural areas with 12 gram panchayats, viz. Angargaria, Charicha, Hinglow, Puranagram, Bharkata, Deucha, Kapista, Rampur, Bhutura, Gonpur, Mahamadbazar and Sekedda. Mahammad Bazar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Patalnagar.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20729481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729481" title="Rory Jacob">
Rory Jacob

Ruettiger 'Rory' Jacob (born 11 October 1983 in Oulart, County Wexford) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Oulart the Ballagh and has been a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team since 2002. Both his father Mick and his brother Michael also played for Wexford. He was captain of the Wexford team for 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20729497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729497" title="Brian Swibel">
Brian Swibel

Brian Swibel is a Chicago born producer, director, writer and actor. He is the founder of b. swibel presents, a New York and Los Angeles based entertainment company (affiliated with Playing Pretend Productions) that develops and produces diverse forms of media and arts education programming. His numerous projects have garnered him two Tony Award nominations and a Kodak Emerging Filmmakers Award.
Early career.
Mr. Swibel founded his first theatre company in Chicago in 1999, and subsequently began taking short sub-leases on his friends' Bucktown apartments and converting them into black box theaters. Over the next three years, Swibel produced and directed productions of such works as Cowboy Mouth, Daniel MacIvor's House, Orpheus Descending, Uncle Vanya, The Entertainer, Temporary Help, Falconer, and Base (Saratoga International Theater Institute play festival) an original short play conceived under the tutelage of internationally acclaimed Director Anne Bogart.
He founded The Zia Pueblo Theater Project, a children's performance arts program based in New Mexico that brings together Native American students and theater conservatory graduates to create cross-cultural, home-grown "theater that heals".
Swibel co-wrote two critically acclaimed and award-winning short films. Sunset Town, the first film in the series, won multiple nat'l awards and was followed by Fault, which garnered the Kodak Emerging Filmmaker Award at the Cannes Film Festival and international distribution.
Other work in the theater include: Off Broadway: Family Secrets Directed by Bob Balaban.. Los Angeles: Harold Becker's Production of Athol Fugard's Blood Knot, Romeo and Juliet, Peter Pan, Curse of the Starving Class, Hamlet (Camelot Group), Good Thing in LA (Hudson Guild).
Acting career.
Swibel’s acting credits include the short films Sunset Town and Fault, as well as the full-length motion pictures Undiscovered, Crank and Permanent Vacation. [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1129338/]
Recent Producing Credits.
in 2007, Mr. Swibel, along with his partner Tara Smith, became the youngest lead producers on Broadway with the hit original musical satire Xanadu (musical) by Douglas Carter Beane. Coinciding with Xanadu, he produced the record-breaking hit web series Cubby Bernstein [http://cubbybernstein.com/ starring Cynthia Nixon, Nathan Lane and Patti Lupone. Swibel’s next endeavor brought Will Ferrell to Broadway, starring in You're Welcome America: A Final Night with George W. Bush, a solo comedy show which was later broadcast on HBO.
He recently directed a reading of Really Really by Paul Downs Colaizzo at the Kennedy Center in Washington DC and is currently in development of a feature film based on the book 15 to Life, which chronicles Anthony Papa’s experience serving time in prison under the Rockefeller drug laws.
TELEVISION
Swibel co-created the television drama series Big Dead Place for James Gandolfini who was set to star on the show for HBO before he passed. It was Swibel's first foray into writing for television. 
References.
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/hbos-michael-lombardo-james-gandolfini-574579

</doc>
<doc id="20729503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729503" title="Book Aid International">
Book Aid International

Book Aid International is an NGO that exists to encourage literacy and access to books particularly in Sub-Saharan Africa and the Middle East by distributing books to libraries and other locations that increase community access. Book Aid International currently work in 12 countries in sub-Shahran Africa as well as in Palestine and Sri Lanka. Book Aid International was created under the premise that Western nations were in position to help developing countries by donating books, but the organization operates under the philosophy that literacy is best encouraged when donated books are targeted to their readers. 
In a recent research paper commissioned by the charity, it was declared that the development of knowledge societies puts those without access to books and literacy at a distinct disadvantage, being unable to interract adequately with society. Thus they work with governments and local librarians to help determine the need for specific subjects and titles. They also provide professional training and mentorship programs to librarians in the region. 
Founded in the 1950s, the organization recently celebrated its 50th anniversary. Since August 2007, it has been directed by Clive Nettleton, who replaced Sara Harrity.
In 2007 the Department for International Development ended their funding agreement with Book Aid International, requiring them to reduce in staff and countries they work in.
They now rely on publishers for book donations and are entirely funded by voluntary donations for funds. The annual World Book Day also helps to raise funds and awareness of their work.
In January 2008, Book Aid International became an official supporting organisation of Healthcare Information For All by 2015, a global initiative committed to a future where people are no longer dying for lack of knowledge.
Major book donors.
Book Aid International is supported by the following publishers who donate new books to be distributed to the countries that the charity works in. 
Countries of operation.
The give below countries has Book Aid International offices 
Celebrity support.
In 2008 Book Aid International launched a new strategy, 'Books Change Lives', to coincide with International Literacy Day (sept 8th 2008). The charity plans to raise £5m over 3 years to give more books to African countries. 
The campaign is supported by a number of celebrities: 
Sebastian Faulks hosted the launch.
David Cameron, Boris Johnson, Helen Mirren and Alan Rickman have all donated signed books to an auction in aid of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="20729560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729560" title="We are all Keynesians now">
We are all Keynesians now

"We are all Keynesians now" is a famous phrase coined by Milton Friedman and attributed to U.S. president Richard Nixon. It is popularly associated with the reluctant embrace in a time of financial crisis of Keynesian economics by individuals such as Nixon who had formerly favored less interventionist policies.
History of the phrase.
The phrase was first attributed to Milton Friedman in the December 31, 1965, edition of "Time" magazine. In the February 4, 1966, edition, Friedman wrote a letter clarifying that his original statement had been "In one sense, we are all Keynesians now; in another, nobody is any longer a Keynesian."
In 1971, after taking the United States off the gold standard, Nixon was quoted as saying "I am now a Keynesian in economics", which became popularly associated with Friedman's phrase.
In 2002, Peter Mandelson wrote an article in "The Times" declaring "we are all Thatcherites now", referring to the acceptance among the other political parties of Margaret Thatcher's economic policies.
The phrase gained new life in the midst of the global financial crisis of 2008, when economists called for massive investment in infrastructure and job creation as a means of economic stimulation.
After the 2012 Republican Iowa caucuses, Congressman Ron Paul (R-TX) publicly declared "We are all Austrians now," a play on his staunch support for fiscal conservatism and laissez faire economics and their rising popularity in the Republican Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20729575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729575" title="Skilak Lake">
Skilak Lake

Skilak Lake is a large lake on the Kenai Peninsula, Alaska. The lake is part of the Kenai River system but also contains glacial runoff. The water is exceptionally clear with a mostly rocky bottom, relatively free of aquatic vegetation. It is within the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge, and can be accessed by Skilak Lake Loop Road via the Sterling Highway. Maximum depth is , it is long and up to wide in places. Early Russian explorers mistakenly believed Skilak and Tustumena Lake to be a single body of water. It is a popular destination for Alaskans due to it being only about a half hour drive from Soldotna, and about two hours from Anchorage. There are two campgrounds at the lake, one is a developed campground with a host, the other is unhosted and has only basic facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20729586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729586" title="Henry's Grove">
Henry's Grove

Henry's Grove is a historic home located at Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It was built in 1792, and is a -story gable-roofed brick house with all walls laid in Flemish bond. The house retains virtually all of its original interior detailing. Also on the property are a 20th-century frame tenant house and four frame outbuildings. It was built for a planter, John Fassitt, whose initials and the date 1792 are inscribed on a plaque in a gable end.
Henry's Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20729590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729590" title="Joe Nicoletti">
Joe Nicoletti

Joe Nicoletti, is an American politician and business person. Previously elected offices include city councilor, member of the New York Assembly. Joe is a lifelong Syracuse, New York resident. He resides on the North Side. Joe is a graduate of the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University. He is a graduate of Henninger High School in Syracuse.

</doc>
<doc id="20729595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729595" title="Kammal">
Kammal

Kammal is a television soap opera. The series made its debut in 2002 on Zee TV, India's 2nd Hindi general entertainment channel. The story is based on the life of Kammal, a woman of substance.
Plot.
The story portrays the life of a young girl, Kammal (Kirti Gaikwad), who is brought up by three bar dancers. These women, against tremendous odds, raise Kammal to be a woman of immense grace and beauty. The story takes a major twist, when a rich guy (played by Sandeep Baswana) from a well-known family falls in love with Kammal. Despite his family being against this marriage proposal, he marries Kammal. What follows is a gut-wrenching drama of love, deception, faith and betrayal. At every step of her life, Kammal is put to test by her own loved ones to prove her integrity, and yet every time she proves to be innocent and loyal.

</doc>
<doc id="20729635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729635" title="Hospital Hill">
Hospital Hill

Hospital Hill is a neighborhood in Kansas City, Missouri. The neighborhood is located between 22nd Street to 25th Street and Gillham Road to Troost Avenue. This name reflects not only the geography on which the buildings rest, but also a history of public hospitals on the same site dating back to 1870. Hospital Hill grew in concordance with the construction of local hospitals, and was further populated as the University of Missouri–Kansas City School of Medicine was established. 
Today.
Truman Medical Center-Hospital Hill and Children's Mercy Hospital, along with the University of Missouri – Kansas City schools of medicine, pharmacy, nursing, and dentistry, are located on Hospital Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="20729649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729649" title="Quashquame">
Quashquame

Quashquame (alt: "Quawsquawma, Quashquami, Quashquammee, Quash-Qua-Mie, Quash-kaume", meaning "Jumping Fish") (ca. 1764-ca. 1832) was a Sauk chief; he was the principal signer of the 1804 treaty that ceded Sauk land to the United States government. He maintained two large villages of Sauk and Meskwaki in the early 19th century near the modern towns of Nauvoo, Illinois and Montrose, Iowa, and a village or camp in Cooper County, Missouri.
1804 Treaty of St. Louis.
Quashquame is best known as the leader of the 1804 delegation to St. Louis that ceded lands in western Illinois and northeast Missouri to the U.S. government under the supervision of William Henry Harrison. This treaty was disputed, as the Sauk argued the delegation was not authorized to sign treaties and the delegates did not understand what they were signing. Black Hawk, a frequent visitor to Quashquame's village, lamented this treaty in his autobiography. The Sauk and Meskwaki delegation had been sent to surrender a murder suspect and make amends for the killing, not to conduct land treaties. The treaty was a primary cause of Sauk displeasure with the U.S. government and caused many Sauk, including Black Hawk, to side with the British during the War of 1812.
-Black Hawk (1833) "Autobiography" (1882 edition)
Fort Madison and the War of 1812.
Zebulon Pike noted rumors that Quashquame was leading a large group of 500 Sauk, Meskwaki, and Ioway near the Missouri River west of St. Louis in 1806. This village might have been at Moniteau Creek in the south part of Cooper County, Missouri, where we was later known to have a temporary village. Quashuame was back along the Mississippi by 1809, Quashquame attended several meetings with the U.S. Army at Fort Madison during the turbulent period leading up to the War of 1812. Quashquame and his band of Sauk remained neutral during the war. 
In the Spring of 1809 several Sauk, possibly led by Black Hawk, attempted to storm Fort Madison. They were held at bay by threat of cannon fire. The next day Quashquame and two other Sauk leaders attempted to restore relations with the United States Army, telling the commander, Alpha Kingsley, that the offending parties were acting on their own and had left the region. Kingsley demonstrated the might of the Army, firing a canister of shot from a six-pounder cannon. The Sauk were astonished and “put their hands to their mouths with an exclamation that that shot would have killed half of them.”
Quashquamie attempted to placate Gen. William Clark during a meeting in 1810 or 1811 in St. Louis, telling Clark, "My father, I left my home to see my great-grandfather, the president of the United States, but as I cannot proceed to see him, I give you my hand as to himself. I have no father to whom I have paid any attention but yourself. If you hear anything, I hope that you will let me know, and I will do the same. I have been advised several times to raise the tomahawk. Since the last war we have looked upon the Americans as friends, and I shall hold you fast by the hand. The Great Spirit has not put us on the earth to war with the whites. We have never struck a white man. If we go to war it is with the red flesh. Other nations send belts among us, and urge us to war. They say that if we do not, the Americans will encroach upon us, and drive us off our lands." About 1810, Quashquamie maintained a camp or temporary village along Moniteau Creek in the south part of Cooper County, Missouri, perhaps near Rocheport.
Quashquame was left in charge of the non-warrior members of the Sauk during the War of 1812. Black Hawk wrote: 
“... all the children and old men and women belonging to the warriors who had joined the British were left with them to provide for. A council had been called which agreed that Quashquame, the Lance, and other chiefs, with the old men, women and children, and such others as chose to accompany them, should descend the Mississippi to St. Louis, and place themselves under the American chief stationed there. They accordingly went down to St. Louis, were received as the friendly band of our nation, were sent up the Missouri and provided for, while their friends were assisting the British!”
Later Treaties.
Quashquame was a Sauk representative on a number of treaties after the war. In 1815 Quashquame was part of a large delegation that signed a treaty confirming a split between the Sauk along the Missouri River with the Sauk that lived along the Rock River at Saukenuk. The Rock River group of Sauk was commonly known as the British Band, which formed the core of Indians participating in the Black Hawk War. Among other treaties, in 1825 Quashquame signed the Treaty of Prairie du Chien, which established boundaries between rival tribes.
Villages.
Quashquame maintained a village near what is now Nauvoo, Illinois until it was combined with an older village on the west side of the Mississippi near Montrose, Iowa. While living at the eastern village, Quashquame helped mediate retibution for the murder of a Sauk by a white trader near Bear Creek in 1818. About 1824 Captain James White purchased the eastern village from Quashquame. White gave Quashquame “a little "sku-ti-apo" and two thousand bushels of corn” for the land. Quashquame's village moved to the west bank of the river, merging with an existing Sauk village near what is now Montrose, Iowa. This western village was also called Cut Nose’s Village, Wapello’s Village, or the Lowest Sauk Village, and was located at the head of the Des Moines Rapids, a strategic bottleneck in Mississippi trade. Historical accounts suggest the village was occupied from the 1780s until the 1840s. This village was visited by Zebulon Pike in 1805 and in 1829 by Caleb Atwater.
Atwater interview of 1829.
Caleb Atwater visited Quashquame in 1829, Atwater's interview provided the most detailed description of Quashquame and his village near Montrose, and revealed that Quashquame was a skilled artist:
-Caleb Atwater (1829) "Remarks Made of A Tour to Prairie du Chien: Thence to Washington City" (published 1831, pp. 60–62)
Personal.
Atwater estimated Quashquame's age to be about 65, which means he may have been born about 1764. Quashquame was the father-in-law of famed Meskwaki chief Taimah (Tama). Because of his role in the disputed 1804 treaty, Quashquame was reduced from a principal leader of the Sauk to a minor chief. "Quasquawma, was chief of this tribe once, but being cheated out of the mineral country, as the Indians allege, he was denigrated from his rank and his son-in-law Tiama elected in his stead."
Fulton provided this epitaph: "Qashquame died opposite Clarksville, Missouri, about the beginning of 1830. In person he was short, but heavily formed. He was not considered great intellectually, and was regarded as deficient in the traits of a noble warrior. His influence among his people was limited, and his character not free from tarnish. Black Hawk did not hesitate to censure him in the most bitter terms for the part he took in the treaty of 1804." The 1830 date of death is not supported by historical accounts of Quashquame attending a conference at Fort Armstrong in the fall of 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="20729676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729676" title="Williams Grove">
Williams Grove

Williams Grove is a historic home located at Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story, three-part house built in three principal stages. The construction sequence began about 1810 with a two-story, two-bay frame house with a single-story wing, that forms the center of the house. The house was expanded first during the mid 19th century and in the early 1970s, a two-story kitchen and garage wing was added. The exterior is covered with cypress shingles.
Williams Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20729677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729677" title="Allahqulubağı">
Allahqulubağı

Allahqulubağı is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 518. 

</doc>
<doc id="20729687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729687" title="Nigel Higgins">
Nigel Higgins

Nigel Higgins (born 1980 in Rathnure, County Wexford) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Rathnure and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team from 2005 until 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20729690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729690" title="Məlikumudlu">
Məlikumudlu

Məlikumudlu is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,295. 

</doc>
<doc id="20729707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729707" title="BigFix">
BigFix

BigFix, Inc., was an American company focusing on reducing the cost and complexity of managing networked desktop, mobile, and server computers. From its origins as a PC self-help application, the company’s products expanded to enable delivery of a wide variety of on-demand endpoint management services that include asset inventory/discovery, security vulnerability detection and remediation, software distribution, IT compliance reporting, patch management, software license management, security policy enforcement, and endpoint device power consumption management. Founded in 1997, BigFix is headquartered in Emeryville, California.
On July 1, 2010, IBM announced a deal to acquire BigFix for an undisclosed amount. According to Bloomberg, IBM paid approximately $400 million in the deal, which closed on July 20, 2010. Since 2013, BigFix has been known as IBM Endpoint Manager.
Corporate history.
BigFix, Inc., was founded in 1997 in Emeryville, California. The company’s initial product was a user self-service system management application that was marketed to OEM PC manufacturers.
In 2002, the company developed BigFix software into a vehicle for enterprise-scale networked desktop, mobile and server computer management. This decisively shifted the focus of the company from consumer to enterprise markets. Initial uses of what became the BigFix platform centered on security patch management, which was identified as a significant pain point at that time for enterprise IT departments.
In 2007, BigFix expanded its scope to address specific IT infrastructure management solution areas: security threat suppression (BigFix Endpoint Protection), enterprise security configuration management (BigFix Security Configuration and Vulnerability Management) and enterprise systems management (BigFix Systems Lifecycle Management).
In 2009, BigFix entered an exclusive partnership with Trend Micro to deliver the Web Protection Module to protect endpoints against web threats and the Core Protection Module which incorporates Trend Micro's OfficeScan AV security component into the BigFix management architecture.
The company now has more than 900 customers, and BigFix products have been licensed to manage more than 9 million computing devices. Key markets for BigFix include: banking, financial services, manufacturing, government, education, and healthcare. Representative customers include: Entergy, Pitney Bowes, Stanford University, SunTrust Banks, Miami-Dade County Public Schools, and the US Department of Energy.
On July 20, 2010, IBM acquired BigFix, Inc. for an undisclosed sum, and integrated the BigFix product into its Tivoli Software portfolio under the new name "IBM Tivoli Endpoint Manager". Since 2013, BigFix has been known as IBM Endpoint Manager (IEM).
BigFix awards and reviews.
Awards:
Reviews:
BigFix technology architecture.
Key components of the BigFix service delivery platform include the BigFix Agent, BigFix Server and Console, BigFix Fixlet messages and BigFix Relays. The BigFix Platform creates a lightweight communications and management infrastructure for delivery of security and system management services to networked desktop, laptop/notebook and server computers. By assigning responsibility for reporting and management actions on endpoints themselves, the BigFix Platform enables visibility and management of IT infrastructures ranging from hundreds to hundreds of thousands of desktop, mobile and server computers.
The BigFix Agent resides on managed devices and acts as a universal policy engine capable of delivering multiple management services. A single BigFix Agent can execute a diverse and extensible array of management services that range from real-time client status reporting, to patch and software distribution, to security policy enforcement.
The BigFix Agent also automatically notifies the BigFix Server and Console of changes in managed device configuration, providing a real-time view of device status. In addition to a standard array of management services available from BigFix, Inc., customers and developers can create custom policies and services using a published BigFix authoring language. The BigFix Agent runs on all versions of the Microsoft Windows operating system since Windows 95, Unix, Linux and Mac OS client systems. This enables administrators to consolidate management of heterogeneous infrastructures from the BigFix Console.
The BigFix Server is a software-based package that provides a control center and repository for managed system configuration data, software updates and patches, and other management information. The BigFix Console, which runs from the BigFix Server, provides an operations control center for BigFix administrators that includes graphical displays of device, group, and enterprise-wide device status and dashboards for executing management actions through the BigFix infrastructure. The console also includes reporting functions and templates that enable graphical and tabular views on infrastructure status.
BigFix Fixlet messages are instructions to the BigFix Agent to perform a management or reporting action. Fixlet messages can be programmed to target specific groups of devices to perform management actions. As noted above, users have the option of writing custom Fixlet messages in addition to those supplied by BigFix as standard product offerings.
BigFix Relays act as concentration points for Fixlet messages on network infrastructures. Relays are a software module that execute as a shared service on non-dedicated hardware. Relays help reduce network bandwidth requirements for distribution of BigFix Fixlets and content such as software, patches, updates, and other information. Relays also offer a fail-over mechanism to keep BigFix-managed clients in touch with the BigFix console should “normal” communications channels go dark or become overloaded with other traffic.
The largest BigFix production installation consists of 550,000+ endpoints, and the product has been successfully deployed in environments ranging from 100s to 100,000s of managed devices. BigFix solutions also require very little in the way of dedicated management infrastructure, with one physical server required to manage up to 100,000+ endpoints.
BigFix products and services.
BigFix products consist of the BigFix service delivery platform and various bundled combinations of on-demand BigFix Policy Modules and Extensions delivered as BigFix Solution Packs.
BigFix Solution Packs target specific solution areas — security threat suppression (BigFix Endpoint Protection), security configuration management (BigFix Security Configuration and Vulnerability Management) and systems management (BigFix Systems Lifecycle Management).
BigFix Policy Modules and Extensions enable specific security and system management services for delivery via the BigFix Platform. Solution Packs integrate collections of thematically-linked Policy Content modules, but customers can also license individual modules to add capabilities to a BigFix Solution Pack, or create completely customer-specific solutions.
BigFix services include training with courses on BigFix operations and the BigFix custom Fixlet authoring language. The company also offers installation, implementation, custom Fixlet message content authoring services as well as ongoing user support.

</doc>
<doc id="20729713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729713" title="Thurston, Oregon">
Thurston, Oregon

Thurston, Oregon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20729714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729714" title="Bolpur subdivision">
Bolpur subdivision

Bolpur subdivision is a subdivision of the Birbhum district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Bolpur municipality and four community development blocs: Bolpur–Sriniketan, Ilambazar, Labhpur and Nanoor. The four blocks contain 40 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Bolpur.
Area.
Apart from the Bolpur municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 40 gram panchayats under four community development blocs: Bolpur–Sriniketan, Ilambazar, Labhpur and Nanoor.
Blocks.
Bolpur–Sriniketan block.
Bolpur–Sriniketan block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Bahiri–Panchshowa, Raipur–Supur, Sarpalehana–Albandha, Singhee, Kankalitala, Ruppur, Kasba, Sattor and Sian Muluk. Bolpur and Panrui police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sriniketan.
Ilambazar block.
Ilambazar block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Batikar, Ghurisha, Mongoldihi, Belati, Illambazar, Nanasole, Dharampur, Joydev–Kenduli and Sirsha. Illambazar and Panrui police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ilambazar.
Labhpur block.
Labhpur block consists of rural areas with 11 gram panchayats, viz. Bipratikuri, Dwaraka, Jamna, Labpur–II, Chauhatta–Mahodari–I, Hatia, Kurunnahar, Thiba, Chauhatta–Mahodari–II, Indus and Labpur–I. Labhpur and Nanoor police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Labhpur.
Nanoor block.
Nanoor block consists of rural areas with 11 gram panchayats, viz. Bara Saota, Daskalgram–Kareya–I, Chandidas Nanoor, Daskalgram–Kareya–II, Kirnahar–II, Kirnahar–I, Thupsara, Uchkaran, Charkalgram, Jalundi and Nawanagar Kadda. Nanoor police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chandidas Nanoor.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20729727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729727" title="Bashir Rafiq">
Bashir Rafiq

Bashir Ahmad Rafiq was the Imam of the London Mosque.
Rafiq was born in 1931 in the north-west frontier Provence of Pakistan. He graduated from the University of the Punjab in 1953 and then undertook a five year course at the Missionary Training College, Rabwah, Pakistan. The course included intensive and detailed study of comparative religion, contemporary religious movements, Islamic thought and jurisprudence. In 1959, he was assigned to the London Mosque as missionary and deputy Imam. In 1964, he was appointed Imam of the London Mosque. 
Rafiq is the author of 12 books on Islam and Contemporary Religion written both in English and Urdu. He was editor of 2 English magazines, "The Review of Religions" and "The Muslim Herald". He was also on the Editorial Board of the Islamic Magazine "Al Furqan", published from Pakistan.
Rafiq was the convener of an "International Conference on the Deliverance of Jesus from the Cross" held at the Commonwealth Institute, Kensington, London in June 1978. Rafiq was invited by President William Tubman of Liberia, as a state guest in 1968. He was decorated with the titular honour of Liberian Chief.

</doc>
<doc id="20729737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729737" title="Ramsey North railway station">
Ramsey North railway station

Ramsey North railway station was a railway station in Ramsey, Cambridgeshire which is now closed.
It was the terminus of a branch line from Holme on the East Coast main line run by the Great Northern Railway.
History.
The station opened on 22 July 1863, as the terminus of the Ramsey Railway, a branch line from Holme on the Great Northern Railway (GNR). The trains were worked by the GNR.
The Ramsey Railway was acquired by the Great Eastern Railway (GER) in 1875, who planned to link it to another line that had been authorised in 1865 to run from to Ramsey. Although the latter was eventually built, opening in 1889, the two lines were never connected, and the Somersham line terminated at a different station, latterly known as . The branch from Holme remained physically isolated from the rest of the GER system, and so the GER leased it to the GNR which continued to work it.
On 1 January 1923 the GNR and the GER became constituents of the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER), which found itself with two stations in Ramsey; they were given new names on 1 July 1923, the ex-Ramsey Railway station becoming "Ramsey North".
The station closed to passengers on 6 October 1947 and to freight in December 1973. Ramsey Auction Rooms now occupy the former site.

</doc>
<doc id="20729757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729757" title="ATmega88">
ATmega88

The ATmega88 is an electronic integrated circuit microcontroller produced by the Atmel corporation. It has the basic Atmel AVR instruction set. One of the packaging configurations is the dual in-line package (DIP). It has and operates at up to for clock speed. It has an 8-bit core.
Many of Atmel's microcontrollers in this line have similar instruction sets, so if an engineer learns the instruction set from one of their microprocessors, this knowledge is transferable to other microcontrollers in the line.

</doc>
<doc id="20729764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729764" title="Kim Tae-Young">
Kim Tae-Young

Kim Tae-Young may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20729766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729766" title="Simpson's Grove">
Simpson's Grove

Simpson's Grove, also known as Hudson Farm, is a historic home located at Ironshire, Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It was built about 1800 and is a two story, five bay, double pile Federal-style frame house. A brick dairy stands on the property. The exterior is sided in cypress.
Simpson's Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20729837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729837" title="Merry Sherwood">
Merry Sherwood

Merry Sherwood is a historic plantation home located at Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland, United States. It is a massive, three-story, five-bay, double-pile, frame dwelling, built about 1859 in the Italianate style. The house is topped by a flat roof, projecting cornice, and a large cupola. The roof of the cupola is capped with a pointed wooden spire. It is current operated as a bed and breakfast.
Merry Sherwood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20729845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729845" title="City (newspaper)">
City (newspaper)

City was an Italian free daily newspaper published in Italy by RCS MediaGroup. Nine separate editions were produced for the cities of Milan, Rome, Turin, Naples, Bologna, Florence, Verona, Bari and Genoa.
The newspaper ceased the publication on 24 February 2012. 

</doc>
