<doc id="20614311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614311" title="Nicholas (Yarushevich)">
Nicholas (Yarushevich)

Metropolitan Nicholas (, born as Boris Dorofeyevich Yarushevich, ; Juanuary 13, 1892 (December 31, 1891 OS), Kovno – December 13, 1961, Moscow), was a bishop of the Russian Orthodox Church.
He supported the controversial 1927 declaration of Metropolitan Sergius, pledging loyalty of the Church to the Soviet authorities without concurrence of the imprisoned Patriarchal "locum tenens", Peter of Krutitsy, and Sergius' subsequent collaboration with them.
In 1941 he became Metropolitan of Volhynia and Lutsk and later, after the German invasion of the Soviet Union, Metropolitan of Kiev and Galicia. Later, as the German troops advanced, he was evacuated to Moscow.
On September 4, 1943, together with Metropolitan Sergius and Metropolitan Alexius, Nicholas had a meeting with Soviet leader Joseph Stalin, where the latter proposed to reestablish the Moscow Patriarchate and elect the Patriarch. On September 8, 1943, when the Moscow Patriarchate was reestablished, Nicholas became a permanent member of the Holy Synod. In 1944 he was appointed Metropolitan of Krutitsy. In 1946, when the External Church Relations Department was established within the Patriarchate, Metropolitan Nicholas became its chairman. In 1947 he became Meptropolitan of Krutitsy and Kolomna.
In 1950 he became a member of the World Peace Council, occupying a staunchly pro-Soviet position.
Nicholas held Joseph Stalin in high esteem. However, his increasingly open opposition to atheism put him at odds with the Soviet leadership under Nikita Khrushchev. In 1960 he was dismissed from the position of the Chairman of the External Church Relations Department and later left the position of Metropolitan of Krutitsy and Kolomna.

</doc>
<doc id="20614314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614314" title="Opeas pumilum">
Opeas pumilum

Opeas pumilum, common name dwarf awlsnail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.
Distribution.
Non-indigenous:

</doc>
<doc id="20614339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614339" title="Cichoric acid">
Cichoric acid

Cichoric acid is a hydroxycinnamic acid, an organic compound of the phenylpropanoid class and occurs in a variety of plant species. It is a derivative of both caffeic acid and tartaric acid.
As a suitable marker for the distinction of Echinacea species, it is often assayed using RP-HPLC and Thin layer chromatography (TLC) methods.
Sources.
Cichoric acid has first been isolated from "Cichorium intybus" (chicory) but also occurs in significant amounts in "Echinacea", in particular "E. purpurea", dandelion leaves, basil, lemon balm, and aquatic plants, including algae and sea grasses.
Biological functions.
Cichoric acid has been shown to stimulate phagocytosis in both in vitro and in vivo studies, to inhibit the function of hyaluronidase (an enzyme that breaks down hyaluronic acid in the human body), to protect collagen from damage due to free radicals, and to inhibit the function of HIV-1 integrase.

</doc>
<doc id="20614342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614342" title="Michael Goldstone">
Michael Goldstone

Michael Goldstone is an American music industry executive and an owner of Mom+Pop Music Company.
He began his career at MCA Records, where he worked in marketing and artist development before moving into A&R. Segueing to PolyGram, he signed Mother Love Bone and, after the death of lead singer Andrew Wood, signed the remaining members to Epic Records. This band became Pearl Jam. Also while at Epic, “Goldie” signed Rage Against the Machine and many others such as BRAD and Shudder to Think, who previously released their music on Discord. He also was responsible for the release of the Soundtrack to the movie Singles, directed by Cameron Crowe.
In 1996, he joined DreamWorks Records as a partner, where he was instrumental in building the company’s A&R, marketing and promotion departments. Goldstone signed Buckcherry and The All-American Rejects, to the label which both went on to Platinum success. At Dreamworks, he was also responsible for such artists as Citizen Cope and Long Beach Dub All Stars. In 2003, Goldie moved to Sire Records where he re-launched the label with Chairman, Seymour Stein. While at Sire, his signings included Regina Spektor, Tegan and Sara, Against Me!, HIM, The Spill Canvas and The Veronicas.
In May 2008, Goldie left Sire to launch indie label, Mom+Pop Music Company together with Peter Mensch and Cliff Burnstein of Q Prime management. As Chairman at Mom+Pop, the label has released records from the following artists. Sleigh Bells, Andrew Bird, Ingrid Michaelson (via Cabin 24), Tokyo Police Club, Joshua Radin, The Freelance Whales (with French Kiss), Neon Indian. In 2013, the label released albums from Flume, FIDLAR,Polica, Lucius, Hunters, Sleigh Bells, Smith Westerns, and a single from Wild Cub. 

</doc>
<doc id="20614366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614366" title="St Thomas the Apostle Rural">
St Thomas the Apostle Rural

St Thomas the Apostle Rural, also known as St Thomas-by-Launceston () is a civil parish in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is centred on the village of Tregadillett () and is in the Registration District of Launceston. 
The parish lies to the west of the town of Launceston. It is bounded to the east by Launceston St Mary Magdelene, to the south by South Petherwin, to the west by Trewen, and to the north by Egloskerry and St Stephen-by-Launceston. The population of the parish in the 2001 census was 815.
In the 19th century, the parish of St Thomas the Apostle was split into rural and urban parts, the urban part being incorporated into Launceston. Thus the population in the 1891 census is given as 352 (urban) and 924 (rural).
Parish church.
The original parish church, dedicated to St Thomas, is on the northern outskirts of the town of Launceston at near the ruins of St Thomas's Priory and the River Kensey. It is largely of 15th century date, but the lower part of the tower is 14th century: interesting features include a Norman font and tympanum, and two wall paintings. However, the later mission church, dedicated to St Mary the Virgin, is in the village of Tregadillett at .
Tregadillett.
Tregadillett () is the largest settlement in the parish and is situated beside the A30 trunk road about 3 miles (5 km) west of Launceston. The village has a school, a pub and a post office.

</doc>
<doc id="20614399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614399" title="Thomas Winklhofer">
Thomas Winklhofer

Thomas Winklhofer (born December 30, 1970 in Seekirchen) is a retired Austrian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20614409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614409" title="Goo Kim Fui">
Goo Kim Fui

Goo Kim Fui (1835–1908) was a prosperous and influential Chinese merchant, community leader, and philanthropist. He was a defender of the Chinese people
Goo Kim Fui met the young Sun Yat-sen when Sun was studying in Hawaii. They both shared the same Christian faith and were friends with the same pastor, Sit Moon. As Chinese Vice-Consul to Hawaii, Goo was able to help Sun obtain travel visas to Honolulu. Later, Goo and other members of his church financially supported Sun in his efforts to overthrow the Qing dynasty in 1911. Goo Kim Fui fully supported Sun Yat-sen's revolution toward a modern China and shared similar ideals.
Early life.
Goo Kim Fui was born in 1835 in Mei Xian of the Guangdong province of China to a Hakka family. In his early 20s, he went to Southeast Asia to pursue new business opportunities, but in 1866, he decided to go to Hawaii to establish himself there and expand his businesses. Goo knew the English language well and was very successful in networking with the local tradesmen. In a few years, he became one of the wealthiest and prosperous merchants in Honolulu.
Religious beliefs.
In 1875, through Sit Moon, a Chinese pastor from San Francisco, Goo converted to Christianity. At the time, they attended the church service of Rev. Samuel C. Damon's Seamen's Bethel Church. In 1877, they established the Chinese Y.M.C.A. which would later became known as the Chinese Christian Association (CCA). It was chartered by King Kalakaua on November 13, 1877 and many Chinese attended the fellowship meetings. The congregation gradually grew in number and funds were raised to construct a new church building to accommodate the people. In 1879, the Chinese Christian Church, which would later become the First Chinese Church of Christ in Hawaii, opened its doors.
Public service.
In 1882, Goo Kim Fui was elected as vice-president of the United Chinese Society (中華會館) to promote mutual aid among Chinese migrants in Hawaii. The Qing imperial government of China appointed Goo as a commercial agent with the official title of Chinese Vice-Consul to Hawaii.
Goo later succeeded his predecessor as the president of the United Chinese Society in July, 1892. The anti-Chinese agitation in the 1880s and increasing anti-Chinese activities led Goo to organize the Mutual Defense Association ("Lein Wei Hui") in 1894 and in response to help his own countrymen when they were refused medical help at the general hospital, he set up a Chinese hospital in March 1897 (惠華醫院) to cater to Chinese patients. With the help of his long-time Christian friend, Sanford B. Dole, President of the Republic of Hawaii, Goo won the legal battle to protect the rights of the Chinese migrants living and working in Hawaii as well as the right to legally attain American citizenship.
Following a disastrous fire on January 20, 1900 that burned down nearly all of Chinatown, Goo Kim Fui actively participated in efforts to save Chinatown and eliminate the large losses suffered by local Chinese businesses. He donated his own money to help the victims of the fire. News of this was reported back to the Qing government in China and he was honored with an award for his contribution.
In July 1902 Goo Kim Fui was promoted from Vice Consul to Acting Consul General of the Chinese Legation in Honolulu following a US Department of State protest. Yang Wei-pin, the previous Chinese Consul in Hawaii resigned "for domestic reasons" and was immediately replaced by Goo Kim Fui.
During his years serving in the United Chinese Society, Goo co-founded several community centers for the benefit of the people, including the Protection Bureau ("Bow On Guk"), the Mutual Defense Association ("Lein Wei Hui"), the Chinese Christian Association, the Chinese Christian Church on Fort Street, an educational institution and a hospital. He often traveled back to his hometown in China and built houses for his extended family as well as building a church for the community.
Following the annexation of Hawaii the Overland Monthly published an article on the Chinese Community in Honolulu:
"Foremost in the Chinese colony is Goo Kim Fui, Chinese Consular Agent to Hawaii, President of the United Chinese Society, President of the Hospital Association, President to the Young Men's Christian Association, a merchant of tried probity, great business sagacity, great wealth, and the proprietor of extensive enterprises. He would be a man of influence anywhere. Self-made to a large extent, he combines the breadth of view, the solidity of character, and the intellectual amplitude, that mark the man of achievement."
Remembrance.
Upon his death in 1908, Goo Kim Fui was eulogized in the Annual Report of the Hawaiian Evangelical Association.
"Mr. Goo Kim Fui, our honored co-laborer in the Chinese Mission work and one of the most prominent Chinese residing in Hawaii, passed away on May 3rd of this year, being more than seventy years of age. Mr. Goo Kim came to Hawaii in 1867 and early engaged in business enterprises. He was married to Miss Ellen Kamae, an Hawaiian lady, in 1872.
Both Mr. and Mrs. Goo Kim were members of the old Bethel Church under the pastorate of Rev. Dr. Damon. Mr. Goo Kim after his conversion became the foremost leader in our Chinese colony in all departments of Christian and philanthropic work. We commend to all the lessons of his long and victorious life. ... As an honored representative of the Chinese Imperial Government for many years, as an active and busy merchant, a faithful and devoted church deacon, chief mover in Y.M.C.A. work, teacher in the Sunday School and Bible instructor, evangelist and teacher under the Hawaiian Board, he will long be remembered. In his noble wife, and family he found sympathetic helpers and co-workers. As a chief and leader he was borne to his burial by hundreds of his countrymen and representatives of other nationalities."

</doc>
<doc id="20614412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614412" title="List of tallest structures in Belgium">
List of tallest structures in Belgium

These are lists of the tallest structures in Belgium, sorted by type.
Tallest skyscrapers.
Nearly all of Belgium's skyscrapers are located in Brussels, mostly in the Northern Quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="20614442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614442" title="Chaim Gliksberg">
Chaim Gliksberg

Chaim Gliksberg (1904, Pinsk – 1970, Tel-Aviv) was born to Rabbi Shimon Yaakov Gliksberg and Cypa Mejta, daughter of Rabbi Mordechai Dovid Alpert.
When he was 2 years old his family moved to Odessa. He attended cheder and the Odessa yeshiva. 
In 1918 he attended the Bershadsky School of Art in Odessa. From 1920 to 1924 he studied in the city’s Art Academy under Professor Dvornikov and academician Costandi, names well known in the Russian arts’ world.
Arriving in Eretz Israel in 1925 he went straight to Jerusalem. He worked in Bezalel and later in road paving. Despite living hardships he painted a great deal. In 1927 his first exhibit went on display at the Lemel School under the auspices of the Hebrew Artists Association in Eretz Israel. In 1929 the artist moved to Tel-Aviv where he taught and maintained a studio. In 1930 he held a one-man show in Ohel Shem, which Hayyim Nahman Bialik opened with an enthusiastic speech.
Gliksberg was not only a wonderful portraitist and an excellent artist who delved deep into the souls of his subjects, but also a gifted writer and connoisseur of music. Distinguished authors and artists such as Hayyim Nahman Bialik, Alter Druyanov and Gershon Shofman were fond of him and held him in great esteem. It seems that there was no other painter for whom Bialik sat so often. The seven portraits of Bialik painted by Gliksberg which feature the poet in summer clothes and winter clothes, with his walking stick, pouch and wide-rimmed hat are among the best portraits of Israel's national poet. Chaim Gliksberg's record of conversations he engaged in with Bialik during the sittings were assembled in a book called "Bialik Day to Day" and are some of the truest and most authentic among Bialik's documented oral exchanges; devoid of any attempts at falsity, distortion or artificial embellishment, they present Bialik as he truly was. 
When a dream of a full-scale municipal museum in Tel-Aviv began to take shape Gliksberg was invited to serve on the Museum Committee representing painters and sculptors.In 1934 Gliksberg was among the founders of the Painters and Sculptors Association. He was awarded the Dizengoff Prize in 1936, 1937 and 1956. His paintings can be found in museums, public and private collections throughout the world. After his death a street in Tel-Aviv was named after him.
A memoire "Treasured in the Heart" was published after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20614447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614447" title="SM U-7 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-7 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-7" (Austria-Hungary) may refer to one of the following World War I German U-boats:

</doc>
<doc id="20614455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614455" title="Gyraulus chinensis">
Gyraulus chinensis

Gyraulus chinensis is a species of small freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
Distribution.
The non-indigenous distribution for this species includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20614466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614466" title="Perry Ferguson">
Perry Ferguson

Perry Ferguson (November 13, 1901 – December 27, 1963) was an American art director. He was nominated for five Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
He was born in Texas and died in Los Angeles, California.
Selected filmography.
Ferguson was nominated for five Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20614490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614490" title="The Whittier (Detroit, Michigan)">
The Whittier (Detroit, Michigan)

The Whittier (also known as the Whittier Apartments) is a partially renovated high rise residential complex and former hotel located at 415 Burns Drive in Detroit, Michigan, on the Detroit River. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
History.
The Whittier was constructed as an apartment hotel, meaning that tenants could rent an apartment, yet have access to services typically provided by a hotel. The Whittier was built at a time when the population boom in Detroit increased demand for housing. The developer selected a site near the Detroit River, in an area that was, until then, primarily used for exclusive upper-class homes. Construction began in 1921, and ran until 1927.
Over the years, the luxury hotel played host to luminaries such as Horace Dodge, Eleanor Roosevelt, Mae West, Frank Sinatra and The Beatles. During Prohibition, the hotel's convenient access to the Detroit River and Canada made it popular with underworld types, including the Purple Gang.
The hotel changed hands many times, and was occupied until 2000 or 2001, when the last residents moved out. In June 2003, the building was purchased by Phoenix Communities, who refurbished the eight-story section into a senior citizen's living center, known as the Whittier Manor. Renovation of the fifteen-story tower has recently come to a deadlock.
Description.
Charles N. Agree designed the Whittier Hotel; it was the first of several large luxury hotels designed by the architect. Due to the soft, marshy ground, Agree used a slab foundation to support the hotel. The complex actually consists of two separate structures: an eight-story building to the north, and a larger fifteen-story Italian Renaissance style tower to the south.
The eight-story northern building is constructed from red brick and has regularly spaced windows. The first and second stories are faced with smooth stone, and feature a classical arcade. This building originally contained 184 units, and was completed in 1922.
The fifteen-story southern building was completed in 1926. It is basically Italian Renaissance in style, and is built from buff brick with terra cotta trim in the upper floors. A modern entrance of a single story in height has been recently removed.
Both buildings are notable for the high quality of the interior and exterior finishes.

</doc>
<doc id="20614492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614492" title="Abdulsalam Al Gadabi">
Abdulsalam Al Gadabi

Abdulsalam Al-Gadabi (born January 1, 1978 in Sana'a, Yemen) is an Olympic swimmer from Yemen. He swam for Yemen at the 2008 Olympics, where 
He also swam at the 2007 World Championships in Melbourne. 
His personal best for 50m freestyle is 30.63 (at 2008 Olympics) and he holds the Yemeni Record in the 100m freestyle with a time 1:05.34.

</doc>
<doc id="20614510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614510" title="William Buchan, 3rd Baron Tweedsmuir">
William Buchan, 3rd Baron Tweedsmuir

William James de L'Aigle Buchan, 3rd Baron Tweedsmuir (10 January 1916 – 29 June 2008), also known as "William Tweedsmuir", was an English peer and author of novels, short stories, memoirs and verse. He was the second son of the writer and Governor General of Canada, John Buchan.
Early life and career.
Brought up at Elsfield Manor, outside Oxford, he frequently wrote poetry as a boy and appeared as "Bill" in his aunt Anna Masterton Buchan's popular novels, written under the pen-name "O. Douglas". His mother, Susan Charlotte Grosvenor, was a close relative of the Duke of Westminster. Visitors to the family home included a 15-year-old Jessica Mitford in the summer of 1932, T. E. Lawrence, a week before his death in 1935, and, that same year, Virginia Woolf, who called him "a simple".
Buchan attended the Dragon School in Oxford, then Eton, and won the Harvey English verse prize there. At New College, Oxford, he "enjoyed a riotous year", according to an obituary in "The Daily Telegraph", before dropping out. (A different picture of his personality was given by an obituary in the "Liverpool Daily Post", which described him during his schoolboy period as "a shy and solitary figure, and this mood continued into New College, Oxford". Visiting the set of Alfred Hitchcock's film version of "The Thirty-Nine Steps", a novel written by his father, the young man became interested in the movie industry, and Buchan senior got him a job working with Hitchcock at Gaumont-British Motion Picture Corporation. His salary as third assistant director was a token five shillings a week, so he lived off an allowance from his parents and lodged in London with the writer Elizabeth Bowen. It was becoming clear to him that he was being edged out of his job at Gaumont-British when a throat ailment resulted in an operation, causing him to leave sooner. To recuperate, he went to Canada, where his father was serving as governor general. On the order of the Canadian prime minister, Mackenzie King, the young Buchan was barred, along with his brother Alastair, from a nightclub outside Ottawa. King disapproved of Buchan's parents, in particular regarding his father as a "libertine".
He then moved to New York in 1937, where his father provided him with literary connections. At one point he asked the critic Alexander Woollcott for a job but was told, "When I was a boy you were supposed to go to the bottom of the nearest tree and climb steadily until you got to the top."
At the suggestion of French film director and actor Michel Saint-Denis, Buchan visited Peggy Ashcroft, who had acted in "The 39 Steps", and the pair began a two-year affair. Buchan then returned to England at the age of 21, but soon spent three months in Florence, Italy, and on his return met Kenneth de Courcy, publisher of "Intelligence Digest" and carried dispatches from de Courcy to France. On one occasion Buchan visited Otto von Habsburg, claimant to the throne of Austria, who questioned him closely about British politics.
In 1939 Buchan married Nesta Crozier, and the couple had a daughter. He also co-founded "The Pilot Press", which published his short (at 10,000 words) but admiring book on Winston Churchill (a stance at odds with that of his father), and later his brief history of the Royal Air Force. He learned of the death of his father in 1940 from a news hoarding.
War service.
He enlisted in the Royal Air Force in February 1940 and joined No. 32 Squadron, flying Hawker Hurricanes on patrols in the Western Approaches. He was transferred to Egypt, then to No. 261 Squadron in Iraq. He flew over Palestine and served in the defence of Cyprus. He initially served in the ranks, and was a leading aircraftman prior to being commissioned as a pilot officer on probation on 20 January 1941 (with seniority from 14 January), the commission was confirmed, and he was promoted to war substantive flying officer, precisely a year later. After the Japanese invasion of Singapore, 261 Squadron was sent to reinforce the air force on Java. By the time it arrived at Ceylon (now Sri Lanka), on the carrier "Indomitable", the pilots were ordered to fly to RAF Station China Bay on that island. On Easter Sunday, 5 April 1942, the squadron saw intense action against Japanese bombers from five aircraft carriers mounting a major attack against Colombo. When the Japanese force withdrew four days later, the carrier "Hermes" and two cruisers had been sunk, and only six of 261 Squadron's original 18 aircraft were serviceable. He was promoted to flight lieutenant on 20 January 1943.
Buchan twice had to bale out of his aircraft and came close to death on other occasions. At one point a cannon shell struck behind his cockpit seat; on another, a shell hit his ammunition reserve but didn't go off. After serving with air defence for Ceylon and Madras, he was transferred to air headquarters in Calcutta for six months, then returned to join No. 17 Squadron in Ceylon. He was back in England in April 1945 to serve at RAF Training Command, where he compiled a history, "The Royal Air Force at War", an account of the daily lives of servicemen, and was promoted to squadron leader before ending his service. This was published by his "Pilot Press", as mentioned above.
Later life and career.
His marriage broke up during the war, and in 1946 he divorced his first wife and married Barbara Ensor, with whom he had three sons and three daughters, including the writer James Buchan and Ursula Buchan, gardening columnist for "The Daily Telegraph". That marriage ended in divorce in 1960.
After the war, Buchan worked in Glasgow for the explosives division of Nobel Industries, then became London editor of "Reader's Digest". He spent three years with the magazine and claimed that he came up with the story "How My Dog Taught Me to Pray". Buchan founded a public relations company, which went out of business by the late 1960s, then did work for Norwest Holst, a large construction company, and later for Elf Aquitaine, the French national oil company.
Simultaneously, Buchan pursued his literary career. A short story collection, "The Exclusives", was published in 1943. He next published "Personal Poems" in 1952 and "Kumari" in 1955, a novel set in Calcutta. Two thrillers, "Helen All Alone" (1961) and "The Blue Pavilion" (1969), followed. He also edited the correspondence of John Masefield and the violinist Audrey Napier-Smith, "Letters to Reyna", which appeared in 1982. He was best known for his "John Buchan: a Memoir", also published in 1982, and his autobiography, "Rags of Time", which appeared in 1990.
On the death of his brother, Johnnie, in 1996, William Buchan succeeded to the title, taking his seat in the House of Lords. There he spoke once, on the case for an elected mayor of London.
In 1960, the year his second marriage was dissolved, Buchan married a third time, to Sauré Tatchell, with whom he had a son. According to Buchan's obituary in "The Daily Telegraph", in addition to the eight children of his three marriages "there was also another daughter." Buchan's eldest son, Toby (born in 1950), succeeded to the peerage.
Reception of his writings.
The memoir of his father (1982) was regarded as his best book, but his autobiography, "The Rage of Time" (1990), had its admirers, according to an obituary in the "Liverpool Daily Post".
His book of poems, published in 1952, was praised in the "Times Literary Supplement", which described his voice as "winning and sincere". The reviewer wrote, "In writing to please himself, he will please others too, for his unselfconcious sympathies are easy to share, his young man’s experience corresponds with that of half his generation, his turn for verbal music is quietly refreshing, and everywhere competent."
"Kumari", published in 1955, has been described as "a lush, complex novel about the experiences and romances of a young man in 1930s India". One reviewer wrote that the book tells the reader as much about India and British rule there "as a hundred official publications, or, it might be added, a dozen travel books".
Buchan wrote his first thriller, "Helen All Alone", deliberately in the vein of his father’s novels, but with a woman as the main character, a point which provoked criticism in "The Times". The reviewer declared, "Women in a thriller should be decorative, not pivotal." The "TLS", in contrast, praised the book's description of atmosphere and scenery.
Works.
Each year links to corresponding "in literature" or "[year in poetry" article:
Buchan also wrote introductions for literary works — including "Don Quixote" and the 1994 Oxford Classics edition of his father's thriler "Mr Standfast".

</doc>
<doc id="20614534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614534" title="List of Army–Navy Game broadcasters">
List of Army–Navy Game broadcasters

The following is a list of the television networks and announcers who have broadcast the college football's Army–Navy Game throughout the years.

</doc>
<doc id="20614536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614536" title="Lorelei Lee">
Lorelei Lee

Amy Janas (born June 22, 1982), better known by her ring name Lorelei Lee, is an American professional wrestler. She is best known by her appearances for SHIMMER Women Athletes.
Professional wrestling career.
Mason-Dixon Wrestling (2006–2007).
Lee made her debut for Mason-Dixon Wrestling (MSW) at the MDW event on August 4, 2006, where she defeated Sin D in a singles match. Later that event, she teamed up with Serena Deeb in winning effort defeating Amber O'Neal and Jessica Dalton in a tag-team match. The following night at a MDW event, Lee won a Blackberry Rumble. Later that event, she teamed up with Thrillbilly Ox in a winning effort defeating The Masked Assassins in a tag-team match.
Shimmer (2006–2008).
Lee debuted in 2006, on Volume 3 of Shimmer defeating the villainous veteran Malia Hosaka by pinfall after an Oklahoma roll only to be attacked by Hosaka and her partner Lexie Fyfe after the match before Cindy Rogers made the save. On Volume 4 the team of Fyfe and Hosaka, now known as "The Experience" defeated Lee and Rogers in a tag team match. On Volumes 6 and 7 she lost to Rain and Nikki Roxx respectively. Her losing streak continued on Volumes 7 and 8 where she was defeated by Tiana Ringer and Lexie Fyfe in one-on-one matches. After a break from Shimmer she came back on Volume 15 where she and Ashley Lane were defeated by Portia Perez and Nicole Matthews in a tag team match. On Volume 16 she gained her second victory by pinning Amber O'Neal and on Volume 17 she lost a rematch to O'Neal. On Volume 18 she lost once again to Nicole Matthews before being injured at the hands of Amazing Kong on Volume 19.
Wrestlicious (2008–2010).
On April 30, 2008, Lee signed a contract with Wrestlicious, she had her try-out match with Daizee Haze. In the promotion she will go by the ring name Tyler Texas. She debuted in the main event of the first episode teaming with Charlotte and Cousin Cassie losing to the team of Felony, Maria Toro and Bandita. She debuted in her singles match defeating Maria Toro
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2009).
On the December 31, 2009, edition of Total Nonstop Action Wrestling's "Impact!" television show Lee made a special appearance as a villain and teamed up with the evil April Hunter in a losing effort against the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Champions Sarita and Taylor Wilde.

</doc>
<doc id="20614543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614543" title="Adriano Lombardi">
Adriano Lombardi

Adriano Lombardi (7 August 1945 - 30 November 2007), nicknamed "il rosso di Ponsacco", was an Italian football player and a football coach, mostly known for his time spent at U.S. Avellino.
He played as a midfielder with many teams, in particular Perugia, Como and Avellino. 
In November 2007, at the age of 62, he died of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, in Mercogliano.
In his honour, the number 10 Avellino jersey, worn by Lombardi during his time for the ""lupi"", has been retired.
On 9 June 2011 Stadio Partenio has been dedicated to Lombardi.

</doc>
<doc id="20614556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614556" title="Lehmannia valentiana">
Lehmannia valentiana

Lehmannia valentiana is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20614562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614562" title="Biranchibarba">
Biranchibarba

Biranchi Barwa is a village development committee (VDC) in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2311 people living in 368 individual households.
From VDC Biranchi Barwa, Kathmandu is approx 300KM south. Nearest City from VDC Biranchi Barwa is Birgunj. Birgunj is just 3 km away from India's Border Raxaul.Village follows the panchayati system. Nearest Police station is Pokharia.
Geographical location:
Location Nepal, South Asia, Asia
Latitide 27° 3' 32.7" (27.0591°) North
Longitude 84° 44' 18.3" (84.7384°) East
Average elevation 77 meters (253 feet)
Coordinates: 27.07°N 84.74°E
Transport: 
Public transport is not available. For reaching Biranchi Barwa either you have to walk or hire a bullock cart.
Earlier reaching Biranchi Barwa was very tough as there was no road. Late Shri Chandrika Prasad Tiwari had made a road for visiting his farm house and nearest places like Pokharia and Satwaria . Later on he declared his personal path as Public path and same path is used by villagers of Biranchi Barwa for reaching Pokharia or Birgunj.
Education:
Girls School till SLC (STD 10) (Donated and funded By foreigner (Name not known while preparing this article)).
Co-ed school till 5. (Land and building of school is Donated by Late Shri Shashidhar Tiwari)
Village has temporary hospital running inside Maa Durga Temple. New Hospital is being build and is supposed to be functional in the year 2013. Nearest Vet Hospital is in Pokharia and Birgunj.
Market: 
Every Tuesday Villagers organize a vegetables, meat and fish market inside the village. Nearby villagers come and purchase/sell the vegetables, fish and meat.
Temple:
Biranchi Barwa has few temples and two of them are very famous. These two famous Temple are “Maa Durga Temple” and “Kalika Mai Temple” . Maa Durga Temple is situated in the heart of the village. Every year during “Durga Puja” (Dashain) , a Mela (Fair) is organized. This Mela is very famous among adjoining villages.
Kalika Mai Temple is believed to be oldest temple of Biranchi Barwa. Kalika Mai temple is situated at outskirt of Biranchi Barwa. It’s situated near Biranchi Barwa’s Football ground and beautiful river.
Sports: 
Children’s of VDC Biranchi Barwa actively participate in sports like Khusti and football. Villagers had won several matches, awards and accolades in football and Khusti.
Economy: The economy of the village is mainly based on agriculture and Animal Husbandry.
Source of Water: Tube well and hand pump
Accommodation: Nearest Hotel is in Birgunj.

</doc>
<doc id="20614569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614569" title="Gilbert Prilasnig">
Gilbert Prilasnig

Gilbert Prilasnig (born April 1, 1973) is an Austrian football player currently playing for SV Horn.

</doc>
<doc id="20614575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614575" title="Ikarosstadion">
Ikarosstadion

Ikarosstadion is a motorcycle speedway stadium located outside of Eskilstuna, Sweden. The stadium is the home arena of Elitserien team Ikaros Smederna and was opened in 2002. It was then known as Smedstadion but as a part of a sponsorship deal between Smederna and company Ikaros in 2008 the name was changed.
Ikarosstadion was the host of the Swedish Speedway Grand Prix in 2005, 2006 and 2007 and the Individual Swedish Championships in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20614582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614582" title="Little Boots">
Little Boots

Victoria Christina Hesketh (born 4 May 1984), better known by her stage name Little Boots, is an English electropop singer-songwriter and DJ. Her stage name comes from a nickname given to her by a friend, a reference to her unusually small feet. As a musician, Little Boots sings and plays the piano, keyboards, synthesizer, Stylophone and a Japanese electronic instrument called Tenori-on. After a return to college to focus on her studies, Hesketh along with two of her fellow students formed the electropunk band Dead Disco. The band had limited releases of their four singles but due to increasingly different ideas about the band's musical direction Hesketh left to pursue a solo career. Hesketh has cited as influences The Human League, Pink Floyd, Britney Spears, Miley Cyrus and Captain Beefheart. She has a soprano vocal range.
Hesketh began writing her own songs and posting covers on social networking sites such as YouTube and Myspace. After appearing on several shows including "Later... with Jools Holland" and "Last Call with Carson Daly", Hesketh entered production on her debut album "Hands". With increasing media attention regarding her then-yet-to-be-released debut album, Hesketh topped the BBC Sound of 2009 poll and received a Critics' Choice nomination at the 2009 BRIT Awards. With the release of her debut, she was linked to a recent wave of breakthrough female artists in their twenties playing 1980s-influenced music, including Lady Gaga, Ladyhawke, Florence and the Machine and Elly Jackson of La Roux.
Her debut album, "Hands", released on 8 June 2009, peaked at number five on the UK Albums Chart and at number twenty on the Irish Albums Chart. The first single off the album "New in Town" became a top twenty hit, while the next single "Remedy", produced by RedOne, reached the top ten. She has also released the EP "Illuminations" in the United States. Her second album "Nocturnes" was released on 5 May 2013.
Biography.
1984–2005: Early life and career beginnings.
Hesketh was born in Blackpool, Lancashire; her father has a car sales business and her mother is a writer. The oldest sibling with three brothers, she was raised in Thornton, Lancashire.
From the age of five, Hesketh played the piano and began lessons at six, later taking lessons from Arthur Lingings and eventually winning a music scholarship. During this time she was taught how to play the flute, was a member of the school choir and travelled regularly to Manchester to take lessons on her harp. Trained initially in classical singing by Janet Wunderley, by the age of thirteen Hesketh was writing her own songs.
Hesketh attended the Rossall School in Fleetwood, and then Blackpool Sixth Form College; it was around this time that she entered the ITV talent competition search "Pop Idol" aged sixteen. Reaching the third round, she was eliminated by the producers of the show and did not reach the panel of judges. She stated, "It gave me a thicker skin and it made me realise that it wasn't a short cut to getting where I wanted to be."
After singing with the Lancashire Youth Jazz Orchestra and performing with a jazz trio for some time Hesketh decided to prioritise her education and studied cultural studies at the University of Leeds, attaining a first-class honours degree. She subsidised her course by playing "awful, schmoozy lounge versions of Norah Jones songs" in hotels around the north-west. "It paid me loads of money, but it's not what I wanted to be doing" she said. It was during her time at Leeds University that Hesketh, along with two of her fellow students, formed the all-girl band Dead Disco, Hesketh herself eventually becoming the lead singer.
2005–08: Dead Disco.
While studying at the University of Leeds, Hesketh answered an online advertisement posted by Lucy Catherwood and Marie France looking for a lead singer to start a band. Sharing an interest and love of The Killers, Ladytron, The Rapture and Siouxsie & the Banshees, they formed the electropunk band Dead Disco in August 2005, The band got their name through randomly picking words from a hat. With Dead Disco, Hesketh sang lead vocals and played synth, while Catherwood and Franceon played guitar and bass, respectively.
With only a few songs written, Dead Disco began playing gigs around the north of England; their live gig in the headline slot at the "In the City" event in Manchester gained them enough recognition to get a recording stint with James Ford. Working with Ford in his London attic studio, the band issued a limited release of their debut single "The Treatment" in April 2006 on the record label High Voltage. Their second release "City Place" was a digital-only release through Playlouder Records.
With the success of several sell out gigs and an appearance at the Leeds Festival, the band moved to Los Angeles to begin recording their debut album with Greg Kurstin. However, it was around this time that Hesketh herself began to write songs not in keeping with the band's "indie" style. Choosing a new musical direction, Hesketh left Dead Disco; they officially revealed their disbandment on their Myspace blog in December 2008. In an interview with "The Times", Hesketh spoke about her gradual shift away from the band: "All the time I'd been hiding my own songs and finally I had to make the sort of music I actually wanted to listen to. [...] Before I used to always think, 'What would a jazz performer do?' or 'What would the band do?'—Now it's so easy because it's 'What would I do?' It's just me." In a later interview Hesketh noted that the bands' label was pressuring the group to have a certain style and that her band mates lost confidence in her because she wanted to write "cheesy" songs.
2008–10: Mainstream success, "Hands" and "Illuminations".
With her departure from Dead Disco in August 2007, Hesketh decided to begin a new solo career in pop. She returned to her parents' house to begin recording various covers of pop songs by artists which included Girls Aloud, Kate Bush, MGMT, Hot Chip, Madonna, Blur, Estelle, Alphabeat, Wham! and Miley Cyrus and posted them on social networking websites YouTube and Myspace. Within a year she had narrowed down a list of her songs to create an album and by getting in touch with Greg Kurstin, with whom she had previously worked with Dead Disco, Hesketh started production on her debut album "Hands". In early 2008 she began using the stage name Little Boots. "Hands" was recorded in Los Angeles with Greg Kurstin and Joe Goddard, and by January 2009 she had begun to compile the album's track listings. During this period Little Boots topped the BBC Sound of 2009 poll ahead of the likes of White Lies, Florence and the Machine and Empire of the Sun, leading to surge of media attention regarding her then-yet-to-be-released album.
"Hands" was released on 8 June 2009. A limited edition 12-inch vinyl of the album was also released on 10 June, which was limited to 1000 copies. The album peaked at number five on the UK Albums Chart and has produced the top twenty hit "New in Town" and top ten hit "Remedy". The album also did well in Europe and Japan.
Critical response to the album was generally favourable, generating a score of 70 on Metacritic. In a review for musicOMH, Michael Cragg called it "a well-crafted, glorious pop record." ClashMusic.com reviewer Joe Zadeh disagreed, writing that the album "falls victim to attempts to reach beyond more boundaries than necessary, and thus ironically loses the concentration of the more earnest listener." David Renshaw of Gigwise.com described "Hands" as "a big pop album" that "rival Lady Gaga, Girls Aloud or Lily Allen." Ben Thompson of "The Guardian" wrote that the album's production was "diverse" and called the song "Symmetry", a duet with Philip Oakey, a "joyous cross-generational head-to-head." "NME" reviewer Emily Mackay wrote that "Little Boots gives us an inspiring story of self-realization" and called the album "brilliant." Pete Paphides of "The Times" named "Stuck on Repeat" the album's "best moment" due to its "exquisite vulnerability." Little Boots was also nominated for Critics' Choice at the 2009 BRIT Awards. She was included on "Esquire" magazine's list of sixty "Brilliant Brits 2009", and was named a 2009 artist to watch by American magazine "Rolling Stone".
Little Boots collaborated with illustrator and artist Chrissie Abbott for the artwork of the album. The artwork for the album has been compared to Pink Floyd's 1973 album "The Dark Side of the Moon" because of its geometric design and fairytale imagery. The album was released in the United States on 2 March 2010, debuting at number seven on the Heatseekers Albums chart.
On 9 June 2009, Little Boots released an EP titled "Illuminations" in the United States and Canada. It includes "Stuck on Repeat", "New in Town", "Magical", "Love Kills" (a cover of Freddie Mercury's 1984 song) and "Not Now" (which is only available on the US edition). Designed to help relaunch Elektra Records, the EP peaked at number fourteen on the "Billboard" Dance/Electronic Albums chart on the issue dated 27 June 2009.
2010–present: "Nocturnes".
In an interview with music website Artistdirect on 1 March 2010, Little Boots stated that her second album would be "rawer and a bit more down-to-earth. It'll still be magical, but quite dark and spooky at the same time." She added that she has drawn inspiration from the poetry of Edgar Allan Poe. On 1 May 2011, she performed at China Music Valley Music Festival in Beijing, during which she performed a new song called "Crescendo".
In late September 2011, Little Boots performed several old and new songs acoustically at the Mondrian Hotel in Los Angeles. One month later, on 24 October 2011, she released a mixtape called "Shake Until Your Heart Breaks" and announced that she would embark on an international DJ tour to promote her new material. She would later release the song "Shake" digitally and on a limited edition vinyl on 13 November 2011. Little Boots collaborated with English electronic producer Michael Woods on the song "I Wish", which premiered during Woods's set on BBC Radio 1's "Essential Mix" on 10 December 2011.
Little Boots unveiled her third mixtape, "Into the Future", on 9 March 2012 via her official SoundCloud page. The mix includes re-workings of Azari & III's "Reckless with Your Love", Kylie Minogue's "Slow" and the title track a Tensnake remix of "Every Night I Say a Prayer" which she wrote with Andy Butler of Hercules and Love Affair. On 22 April 2012, "Every Night I Say a Prayer" was released as a free digital download and on limited 12" vinyl on 679 and Trax Records to coincide with Record Store Day. She supported the launch with a short live set at Rough Trade East in London on 21 April. This was followed by "Headphones", released on 3 June, with the accompanying music video inspired by "Paris, Texas". Little Boots toured internationally that fall which included performances at San Francisco's Folsom Street Fair and Ibiza's Space.
In an interview with This Is Fake DIY on 12 December 2012, Little Boots revealed that she is putting the finishing touches to her second album, commenting, "I feel a lot more at peace about where I'm at creatively as an artist now than a year or so ago [...] I think everyone is always nervous releasing anything they've created into the world, but I've realised what I want to do and how I can achieve it, rather than trying to please other people." Sonically, she stated the album "definitely feels more representative of me of an artist, at least now in 2012. It's less 80s synth pop influenced, it's quite an upbeat album, which I think has stemmed from the fact I have been DJing a lot, and listening to a lot of dance music."
On 15 January 2013, Little Boots confirmed that her second album was completed, and it is due to be released in March 2013. Popjustice reported on 18 January 2013 that one of the two songs that Little Boots released on vinyl under the pseudonym LB, titled "Superstitious Heart", surfaced online. On the weekend of 23 and 24 February 2013, Little Boots made several posts on social media directing people to follow her Instagram account for an update that would reveal the album's artwork, culminating with the post late on 24 February with the album's cover, with the title revealed to be "Nocturnes". A post earlier in the afternoon also revealed several tracks on the album, including the singles "Shake" and "Every Night I Say a Prayer", along with songs from live sets such as "Motorway" and "Crescendo" and other titles such as "Confusion", "Broken Record", "Beat Beat", "Strangers", "All For You", and "Satellites". "Motorway" is the opening track on the album and was made available to download for free on Boots' website from 25 February.
"Nocturnes" was released on 5 May 2013 via Digital download. A day later on CD, and From 6 May 2013 limited and exclusively via Little Boots music online, the first 1000 copies of the album were signed on vinyl or CD, which included a digital download add a limited edition Millionhands T-shirt. The album was released on vinyl on 20 May 2013.
Touring and performances.
2009.
Little Boots' first televised appearance was on "Later... with Jools Holland" on 7 November 2008. She was invited to perform on the show after posting songs on MySpace. On 4 March 2009, Little Boots appeared on late night television show "Last Call with Carson Daly" in the United States where she was interviewed by Daly and several clips from a Los Angeles nightclub performance were shown. Little Boots performed "Stuck on Repeat" using the Tenori-on on 11 May 2009 edition of "BBC Breakfast". She returned to "Later... with Jools Holland" on 15 May 2009, becoming the only artist to perform on the show twice prior to having an album released. This was followed by an appearance on the BBC Radio 4 programme "Woman's Hour" on 27 May 2009. Also in 2009, the song "Meddle" was featured in an advertisement for Victoria's Secret. On 5 June 2009, she appeared on the Bebo music show "Beat", performing "New in Town" live in the studio.
On 3 July 2009 Little Boots closed out "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross". A week later, she performed at Oxegen 2009 on the Hot Press New Bands Stage, her first performance in Ireland. The following weekend she performed at T4 on the Beach 2009 on both the T4 and 4Music Stages.
Little Boots performed "Remedy" and a cover version of JLS' "Beat Again" as part of the Live Lounge segment of BBC Radio 1's The Jo Whiley Show on 19 August 2009. Later in the month, Little Boots performed at the Reading and Leeds Festivals on the Radio 1/NME Stage. Between those appearances, she also performed at Manchester Pride 2009, an LBGT pride event. In September 2009 she was scheduled to embark on a five-city North American tour to support the "Illuminations" EP. The following month she performed on the main stage at the Bestival 2009 in Downend, Isle of Wight.
Little Boots went on a five-city sold-out US tour in the autumn of 2009 in support of "Illuminations". On 26 October 2009 Little Boots performed as the main act at "53 Degrees" in Preston, Lancashire. Along with this, Little Boots revisited the Blackpool Sixth Form College to film a 360 Session for Channel 4. The college's media studies, music technology and college magazine all got to work with her and "Sixth Sense", the college magazine, managed to get their second exclusive interview with Little Boots, which was published in January 2010. On 7 December Little Boots dueted with Gary Numan on the 6 Music Live Combos show, broadcast on 11 December.
2010.
On 2 March 2010, Little Boots was scheduled to embark on a thirteen-date North American tour to coincide with the release of "Hands" there. She toured without her laser harp because she was not a certified laser operator (which is a legal requirement in the US for certain laser appliances) and therefore she was not allowed to travel with the instrument. However, on 17 March, seven of the planned concerts were cancelled; Little Boots cited this was due to "unforeseen circumstances and commitments in the UK".
The following month, Little Boots performed a set in the Gobi Tent at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California. She told the audience that much of her crew and costumes had been stranded in the UK due to the Icelandic volcano—which had forced some UK artists, such as Gary Numan and Bad Lieutenant, to cancel their Coachella engagements entirely—and that aspects of her set had to be improvised at the last minute. Two months later, Little Boots performed on the NewNowNext Awards show on the United State LBGT cable channel Logo.
2012.
In May, she performed a one-off show at London's XOYO on 5th. In the same month she was a support act for The Scissor Sisters London shows on 16 and 17. From October to November, she embarked on an international through Europe and South America performing in Madrid, Barcelona, Poland, Brazil and Chile. On 21 December, she uploaded a short feature on her official YouTube page, which showed behind the scenes footage of her touring in Brazil, Chile and Argentina.
Other pursuits and appearances.
Many of Little Boots' songs have been used on television and film. "New in Town" has appeared numerous times, including in the 2009 American horror film "Jennifer's Body". "Remedy" was used in the "Dollhouse" episode entitled "Belle Chose". It was also used in a scene in the third series of "Gavin & Stacey".
"Meddle" was featured in the ninth episode of the third series of the British teen drama "Skins", titled "Katie and Emily" and broadcast 19 March 2009. It also appears in a Victoria's Secret commercial, along with appearing in the new Channel 4 comedy series, Friday Night Dinner. The "Hands" track "Click" was used in the twentieth episode of "The Vampire Diaries", "Blood Brothers", and in the sixteenth episode of "Melrose Place", "Santa Fe", which aired on 30 March 2010.
Little Boots has contributed to a documentary about the Stylophone. She has also collaborated with RjDj, and released a remix app for the iPhone titled "The Little Boots – Reactive Remixer", which allows users to remix "Remedy", "Meddle" and "New in Town" and share it over social networking sites.
Boots has joined the War on Want campaign, part of which supports protests against sweatshops in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20614583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614583" title="Biruwa Guthi">
Biruwa Guthi

Biruwa Guthi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8277 people living in 1407 individual households.
name of villages of Biruwa Guthi

</doc>
<doc id="20614591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614591" title="Federal Moguls">
Federal Moguls

The Federal Moguls are an eclectic hip-hop duo from the suburban Philadelphia area consisting of Q-Ball (DJ/producer and vocalist for Universal Records artists The Bloodhound Gang) and Troy Walsh (Burblife Records, Sunset Records, The Weekend Warriors). Federal Moguls is also the name of a hypothetical investment agency, administered by the duo.
History.
The Federal Moguls were inadvertently born when a simple mixtape collaboration between Walsh and Ball ended up yielding almost an album’s worth of material. After reviewing the music created in this collaboration, the two executives realized the potential of their endeavor and decided to establish their own investment agency.
In early 2008, Federal Moguls opened their doors to the public and digitally released the initial version of their debut record "High Risk Investment Planning" for free download. Later that year, Federal Moguls were approached by Don Lichterman (president and owner of Sunset Records) in regard to releasing the Moguls products and services worldwide. Shortly thereafter, an agreement was reached and their debut LP was set for a December 16, 2008 international release.
Personal backgrounds.
Q-Ball.
DJ Q-Ball was born Harry Dean, Jr on October 8, 1974 in Limerick, Pennsylvania. He is both the DJ and background vocalist of the band The Bloodhound Gang. Q-Ball graduated from Owen J. Roberts high school in Bucktown, PA. Q is one of the three members of the band who interact with the fans online, along with lead guitarist Lüpüs Thünder and bassist Evil Jared Hasselhoff. He, like Hasselhoff, does not have high hopes for the band. To this end, he is currently studying to be a real estate appraiser. Q-Ball is also one of the three members of the band to have college degrees. In the One Fierce Beer Run DVD, he "mistakes the tour bus for his old frathouse", to quote Evil Jared.
He was perhaps the only member not to mistreat Spanky G, as was indicated by an interview with the former drummer during the 1997 One Fierce Beer Run tour. The Bloodhound Gang's old website does, however, state that "DJ Q-Ball also lists Spanky G as his favorite hobby". Like vocalist Jimmy Pop, Q-Ball is also a Philadelphia Phillies fan. In addition, he also provides nightly DJ entertainment in the Pottstown, Pennsylvania area.
Troy Walsh.
Troy Walsh is an MC/singer/guitarist who rose to recognition through the ranks of The Source Magazine’s Unsigned Hype battle circuit during the late 90’s. Later he appeared on the UPN television show Source Soundlab. It was during this time period that he released his independent debut album "Heritage Acres/Phase I".
In 2002, Walsh began attending Penn State University’s main campus where he eventually graduated with a bachelor’s degree in English. While attending the school Walsh became widely known on campus as “Flow-Pa”, a name derived from the nickname of the school’s head football coach Joe Paterno. During his time at Penn State, Walsh founded Burblife Records, an imprint he established with associates who formerly worked for Ruffhouse/Columbia Records.
Burblife then began to do extensive work with former professional skateboarder and session musician Chuck Treece and Grammy winner Joe “The Butcher” Nicolo, the product of which was Walsh’s second record, "Country Clubbin". This LP yielded the single “Country Clubbin”, a hit on the college charts, and its follow up, “Happy Hour”. Shortly thereafter, Walsh began opening for The Bloodhound Gang, who were touring in conjunction with the release of their "Hefty Fine" LP. As a result of his opening slot, Walsh and Q-Ball met and the Federal Moguls were eventually born.
Most recently, Walsh has done work with Grammy Winner and Dr. Dre protégé Mike Elizondo, the results of which are expected to see release in 2009. In addition to the Moguls' work, Walsh currently plays solo shows in the Tri-State Pennsylvania area with his live band, “Troy Walsh and The Weekend Warriors”.
Affiliates.
The Moguls' debut LP "High Risk Investment Planning", was co-produced by Q-Ball and Patrick Nissley, the lead singer of Island/DefJam act InnerPartySystem.
In addition, J.J. Sinatra (Jimmy Franks/Universal Records) functions as the Moguls' senior sales associate and Dave Vegas serves as the Moguls' head of resource and development.

</doc>
<doc id="20614592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614592" title="Bisrampur">
Bisrampur

Bisrampur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4693 people living in 693 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614602" title="All a Bir-r-r-rd">
All a Bir-r-r-rd

All a Bir-r-r-d is a Warner Bros. "Looney Tunes" cartoon featuring Tweety, Sylvester and an unnamed bulldog, who would later became known as Hector the Bulldog. Produced in 1949 and first presented in 1950, it was written by Tedd Pierce and directed by Isadore "Friz" Freleng, with most voice characterizations courtesy of Mel Blanc (Bea Benaderet does a brief voice-over of Tweety's owner). The title is an adaptation of the familiar train conductor's call, "All aboard!" The instrumental theme used to underscore the motion of the train is "".
This cartoon was Tweety's first appearance in the "Looney Tunes" series, after 8 years of being exclusive to the "Merrie Melodies" series.
Synopsis.
In the opening scene, a 4-4-4 train pulls into the station in a town called Gower Gulch, where Tweety's owner says goodbye to him and entrusts him to the care of a conductor (whose face is never seen) in the baggage car.
After the train pulls out of the station, Tweety sings his signature song:
Tweety then notices Sylvester in the cage next to his and gives his catchline, "I tawt I taw a puddytat!" He looks again to make sure: "I did! I did! I did taw a puddytat!" Sylvester then opens the small door of his carrier and extends his paw to tap on the door of Tweety's cage. Tweety answers, and as Sylvester tries to grab him, the vigilant conductor swats his paw with a cane. The conductor hangs Tweety's cage on a hook in the ceiling to keep him safe and sound and warns Sylvester to behave.
As soon as the conductor leaves the car, Sylvester proceeds to stack various articles of baggage to reach Tweety's cage. When Sylvester tries to grab Tweety again, Tweety finds the emergency cord and pulls it, causing the train to screech to an instant halt and sending Sylvester sailing through the air across two passenger cars and into the engine's furnace. Sylvester quickly leaps out and runs back to the baggage car, and as he angrily stalks Tweety, Tweety pulls the cord again, restarting the train and sending Sylvester through the air into a garbage can lid that Tweety has found. Sylvester then starts chasing Tweety, but the conductor interrupts the chase and orders Sylvester back into his cage.
In the next scene, Sylvester is in his cage next to a bulldog, who starts growling at him. Annoyed, Sylvester shouts "Aaaaaaah, shut up!" and whacks the bulldog with an umbrella, but Hector keeps growling. At that moment, the train is approaching an incline and as it ascends, Sylvester slides into the bulldog, who punches him and sends him into the wall. Sylvester slides back down as the train continues to climb, and the bulldog punches him again. As Sylvester starts sliding down yet again, the train starts moving down the incline, sending Sylvester sliding back to the wall and making him think he is safe, until he sees the bulldog sliding down toward him with fist extended to punch him again, prompting Tweety to say, "Poor puddytat!"
Sylvester makes another attempt at stacking the baggage to reach Tweety. Tweety reaches for the emergency cord again, only to see that it has been cut and that Sylvester is holding it. But Tweety pulls it anyway, and again sends Sylvester flying. Sylvester comes back and snatches Tweety, but when he hears the conductor's footsteps, he stuffs Tweety into a mailbag and leaves it on a hook alongside the track. Sylvester smiles sheepishly as the conductor walks by, then dashes to the observation car to grab the mailbag. He reaches inside and instead of Tweety finds the bulldog, who immediately chases him away.
As Tweety is swinging inside his cage, Sylvester saws a hole in the roof and again finds the bulldog, instead of Tweety, who starts pursuing Sylvester atop the train. Sylvester momentarily eludes the bulldog by ducking into a space between two cars, then both start running in the opposite direction. As Sylvester prepares to knock the bulldog out with a club, the train heads into a tunnel, slamming Sylvester in the face into the bridge above it.
The train finally returns to Gower Gulch station, where Sylvester, disguised as Tweety's "mommy", gets out of a taxi and rushes to the baggage car to claim him. The conductor hands him the cage, which is covered, and Sylvester hurries back to the taxi with the cage. As the taxi drives away, Sylvester uncovers the cage, it was revealed that the bulldog is inside the cage instead of Tweety! The taxi pauses at a mile marker post, and the bulldog rips it out and pummels Sylvester with it as the taxi speeds along the road. As Tweety (everyone forgot it) is observing this from the observation car, he sadly says, "Uh-oh, da puddytat's dot anudda pwaymate! It's donna be awfwy wonesome fwom here to Pasadena."

</doc>
<doc id="20614614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614614" title="Charani">
Charani

Charani is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5785 people living in 925 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614628" title="2005 African U-17 Championship">
2005 African U-17 Championship

The sixth African U-17 Championship tournament was held in Gambia in May 2005.
External links.
RSSSF.com: African U-17 Championship 2005

</doc>
<doc id="20614633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614633" title="Deukhana">
Deukhana

Deukhana is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3260 people living in 534 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614651" title="Dhaubini">
Dhaubini

Dhaubini is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3118 people living in 480 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614656" title="Dushman (1990 film)">
Dushman (1990 film)

Dushman (Hindi: दुश्मन English: Enemy) is a 1990 Hindi film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Mandakini as the lead protagonists. The film is directed by Shakti Samanta. 
Plot.
Drama history of the father and the son separated because of frauds of the leader of a local gang those years when the son was the child. The young man by name of Rakesh (a nickname "Bullet"), appeared the tool in hands of experienced gangsters, rises, not knowing that, on a way of the father which has decided to take justice in own hands and to revenge for family tragedy.
Music.
Music: R.D. Burman
Lyrics: Indivar

</doc>
<doc id="20614663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614663" title="The Rozabal Line">
The Rozabal Line

The Rozabal Line is a thriller fiction that deals with the subject of Jesus having survived the crucifixion and having settled down in India. The fictional element reads in the same vein as Dan Brown's "Da Vinci Code" whereas the historical basis is derived from several other books on the subject including "Jesus Lived in India" by Holger Kersten and "The Unknown Life of Jesus" by Nicolas Notovich.
Plot summary.
A cardboard box is found on a shelf in a London library. When the mystified librarian opens it, she screams before she falls unconscious to the floor. Within the labyrinthine recesses of the Vatican, a beautiful assassin swears she will eliminate all who do not believe in her twisted credo. 
An elite army of thirteen calling itself the Lashkar-e-Talatashar has scattered around the globe. The fate of its member curiously resembles that of Christ and his Apostles. Their agenda is Armageddon. 
A Hindu astrologer spots an approaching conjunction of the stars and nods to himself in grim realization of the end of the world. In Tibet, a group of Buddhist monks searches for reincarnation, much in the way their ancestors searched Judea for the Son of God. In strife-torn Kashmir, a tomb called Rozabal hold the key to a riddle that arises in Jerusalem and gets answered at Vaishno Devi. 
An American priest has disturbing visions of people familiar to him, except that they seem to be located in other ages. Induced into past-life regressions, he moves to India to piece together the violent images. Shadowing his every move is the Crux Decussata Permuta, a clandestine society, which would rather wipe out creation than allow an ancient secret be disclosed. 
Rozabal Line is a thriller swirling between continents and centuries, Ashwin Sanghi traces a pattern that curls backwards to the violent birth of religion itself.
Author/Editions.
Ashwin Sanghi (born January 25, 1969) is an Indian author of thriller fiction interested in the lost years of Jesus, the primary theme of his first novel which hypothesizes that Jesus survived the crucifixion and traveled to India. The Rozabal Line was originally published in 2007 under his pseudonym Shawn Haigins. The revised edition of The Rozabal Line was published by Westland Ltd. & Tranquebar Press in 2008 under his own name Ashwin Sanghi. Some commentators such as Humra Quraishi felt that the book should have been published under Sanghi's real name and consequently the substantially revised 2008 edition was published in India by Sanghi under his own name. 
The Rozabal Line deals with the subject of Jesus having survived the crucifixion and having settled down in India. The fictional element is much like Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code whereas the historical basis is derived from several other books on the subject including Jesus Lived in India by Holger Kersten and The Unknown Life of Jesus by Nicolas Notovich. According to Tehelka, one of India's most respected weekly news magazines, The Rozabal Line is "a thriller that inquires into the controversial claim that Jesus Christ travelled to India and was buried in Kashmir’s Rozabal Tomb". 
The Hindu, one of India's National dailies, says that "The book deals in greater depth with the issue of Christ’s union with Mary Magdalene touched upon by The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown as well as incorporating postulates of several other books including Jesus Lived in India: Life Before and After the Crucifixion by Holger Kersten and Jesus Died In Kashmir: Jesus, Moses and The Ten Lost Tribes Of Israel by Andreas Kaiser". Since the time the novel was published, there has been a huge upsurge of visitors to the Rozabal shrine in Srinagar as reported by the Indian newspapers. 
The book's publishers, Westland Ltd. have had tremendous success with the novel and it has gone into repeat runs. The novel also succeeded in creating a historical/mythological thriller genre in India that Indian writers had not hitherto explored. Pradeep Sebastian, of The Hindu, wrote "And so The Lost Symbol comes two years too late. Conspiracy thrillers swamped the market, reaching even Indian shores with The Rozabal Line, and offered us so much meat, that we couldn’t relish chewing anymore.". 
At a talk delivered in Chennai, the author explained that "We assume the different faiths are distinctly different, but once you start tracing back the roots of their beliefs, you find their origins are much closer that you might imagine.". Irrespective of the controversial theme surrounding his book, the author has continuously maintained that his book is a work of fiction and should be read as a fiction conspiracy thriller. In an interview to a leading tabloid, the author was asked "Do you believe that Jesus lived in India?" and he replied "I don't think it's in any way relevant if he came here or not. But do I wish it was true? Yes, completely. Isn't that such a romantic notion?". MV Kamath, leading commentator has said that the book is "provocative, but certainly commanding attention.". 
Owing to the popularity of the book and the story surrounding it, The Rozabal Line is being converted into a screenplay. The controversial nature of the story surrounding the tomb has resulted in the site being closed down to visitors particularly after Lonely Planet detailed the tomb as well as The Rozabal Line in its 2010 edition.
Similarities to the November 2008 Mumbai attacks.
The "Hindustan Times" was the first to point out that, Sanghi's novel bore several similarities to the November 2008 Mumbai attacks. In particular, Sanghi's novel spoke of an attack by the Lashkar-e-Taiba an Islamist terror group based in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It also spoke of the Lashkar spinning off an ultra-elite group of twelve commandos, similar to the Deccan Mujahideen. The plot of The Rozabal Line used a ship off the coast of Gujarat as well as a Thuraya satellite phone besides describing the Taj Mahal Palace & Tower as the residence of one of the main characters in the story. Sanghi also described the group as being controlled by the Inter-Services Intelligence of Pakistan without the knowledge of the Pakistani president. All these elements were purportedly present in the November 2008 Mumbai Terror Attacks. Consequently, The Hindu, included The Rozabal Line among its top fiction picks while The Telegraph, included The Rozabal Line among its top "Paperback Pickings". 
The author has clarified in a subsequent interview that he was unhappy about the commonalities although he readily agrees to being called a "conspiracy theorist".

</doc>
<doc id="20614664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614664" title="Gadi, Nepal">
Gadi, Nepal

Gadi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2999 people living in 515 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614674" title="Irish Whip Wrestling">
Irish Whip Wrestling

Irish Whip Wrestling (IWW) is an Irish owned independent professional wrestling promotion established in 2002. The company was named in tribute to Irish professional wrestler Danno O'Mahony, who is credited as the inventor of the "Irish Whip" wrestling maneuver. IWW runs shows throughout the whole of Ireland. The company has appeared on Sky One, RTE, TV3, The Wrestling Channel, and recently had a weekly show on Buzz TV.
History.
Early years (2002–2004).
Irish Whip Wrestling (IWW) ran its first two shows in June 2002 in the National Basketball Arena in Tallaght, which featured wrestler Tatanka, "Middleman" Lee Butler. After these two shows, IWW returned to the ESB National Basketball Arena on October 9 for a show that was headlined by Jake "The Snake" Roberts. During one match at the show, Roberts defeated Flatliner.
IWW continued to promote shows around Ireland through 2003 and 2004, which featured the debuts of several wrestlers including Mad Man Manson, Red Vinny, Vic Viper, "The Friday Night Kid" Brian Roche, Sheamus O'Shaunessy, Dave Zero and Joey Cabray. On December 2, 2004 IWW held a show in Lucan, Dublin, and the main event featured an FWA British Heavyweight Championship match in which Alex Shane pinned O'Shaunessy with the help of Vinny.
Also in 2004, IWW opened up their 'Lock-up' training school in Dublin. Trainers at this school have included Blake Norton, "Middleman" Lee Butler and "The Pukka One" Darren Burridge. Several graduates of the school also went on to become trainers there, such as Bam Katraz, The Ballymun Bruiser, and Bingo Ballance. On occasion guest trainers have made appearances at the school, including D'Lo Brown, A.J. Styles, Kid Kash, Doug Basham, and Tracy Smothers. The training school has also been host to the company's Gym Wars shows which gave up and coming trainees a chance to show their skills to IWW management and to a crowd.
Supershow; "Whiplash TV"; Gym Wars (2005–2006).
In 2005, IWW ran over 30 shows. On March 20, it presented its first ever supershow, held in the SFX City Theatre in Dublin before 500 fans. This show featured wrestlers A.J. Styles, Christopher Daniels, Chris Sabin, Red Vinny, Mad Man Manson, Johnny Storm and Jody Fleisch. Four days later, IWW held a show in The Forum in Waterford which was headlined by Raven, who teamed with Sheamus O'Shaunessy to defeat Red Vinny and Vid Vain in the main event. On March 28, O'Shaunessy was crowned the first ever Irish Whip Wrestling International Heavyweight Champion which he defeated Darren Burridge in the tournament final. He held the title until May 29 of that year when he was defeated by D'Lo Brown, who then held it for five months before losing it back to O'Shaunessy on October 2. It ran its last show of the year in SFX City Theatre on November 14. At the show, IWW International Heavyweight Champion O'Shaunessy defeated Vampiro to retain his title.
Also in 2005, IWW got its own TV show called "Whiplash TV", which was broadcast on The Wrestling Channel on Sky Digital. The show ran for two seasons. Throughout May and June 2006, IWW taped several episodes of its "Whiplash TV" show in the Laughter Lounge in Dublin City. On August 27, 2006 at "International Intermingle", Drew Galloway beat O'Shaunessy to become IWW International Heavyweight Champion, ending a near year long title reign title. From August to October 2006, the first ever King of the Gym tournament was held over the course of four Gym War events. Wayne Daly beat Mandrake in the finals to become the first King of the Gym.After the bell, IWW Trainer Bingo Ballance came to the ring to congratulate their trainee.
Birth Of The Zero Gravity Championship, The October Tour (2007).
At the beginning of 2007, the Irish Whip Wrestling Zero Gravity Championship was created, and a tournament was held to crown the first champion. Bingo Ballance defeated Pac in the finals of a tournament, which also involved Kid Kash, Red Vinny, Brother Skelly and El Ligero. Three days later, the IWW International Heavyweight Championship was declared vacant after Drew Galloway was unable to make several championship defenses. Therefore a four-way match was made to decide the new champion with Vic Viper overcoming Mad Man Manson, The Ballymun Bruiser and Kid Kash to become the new champion. Bingo Ballance also made his first defense of his newly won, Zero Gravity Title on the show. He collided with the ringpost, after fans had voted on a poll on the official IWW website to determine the number one contender. Bingo won a hard fought victory.
In March IWW held its second supershow, and in the main event, Vic Viper defeated Christopher Daniels to retain the IWW International Heavyweight Championship. Bingo Ballance retained the IWW Zero Gravity Championship in a Four-Way Donnybrook match, and Nigel Mcguinness defeated Bam Katraz. In May, IWW ran shows featuring independent women wrestlers like Lexie Fyfe and Portia Perez. On June 23, Essa Rios beat Bingo Ballance to win the IWW Zero Gravity Championship. Pro Wrestling Noah wrestlers Takeshi Rikio and Ippei Ota also wrestled on the show. On July 6, IWW returned to the Forum in Waterford for its "Global Impact" show, which was taped for DVD sales. The match between the Ballymun Bruiser and Doug Williams was featured on TV3's "Diary of a Sportstar" program. In addition to regular IWW roster, this show also featured Doug Williams, CIMA, Dragon Kid, Takeshi Rikio, Ippei Ota, and Kid Kash.
IWW ran its largest tour to date in late October 2007. It ran 12 shows between the October 19 and 28, which featured Kid Kash, Tracy Smothers, El Generico, Mad Man Manson, Vic Viper, Bingo Ballance, Red Vinny, Lupin Matsutani, and Keni'chiro Arai. On October 20, Red Vinny defeated Bingo Ballance to become the new IWW Zero Gravity Champion. Vic Viper also successfully defended his IWW International Heavyweight Championship against Mad Man Manson in a Dog Collar match. Several matches on the tour were taped for the "International Hits, Vol. 1" DVD.
Tours; Gym Wars; Memorial tournament (2008).
IWW ran a five day tour in March 2008, which attracted Eugene, René Duprée and Pierre Carl Oulette to Ireland for the first time. During the tour, Vic Viper successfully defended his IWW International Heavyweight Championship against Eugene. At one show, however, Mandrake pinned Eugene in a triple threat match involving Viper to become the new Irish Whip Wrestling International Heavyweight Champion. Mandrake's victory celebration was cut short when Dupree marched to the ring demanding to be the first challenger for the title, which Mandrake accepted. In the match, Mandrake successfully defended his title. Also on this show, Viper rebounded from his International Heavyweight title loss by becoming the Irish Whip Wrestling Zero Gravity Champion by defeating Red Vinny, Bam Katraz, Bingo Ballance, Liam Thompson in a five-way match. Bam Katraz, having turned heel in the weeks leading up to the show, accepted a pay off from Viper to aid him in winning the title. The show in Cork City featured Man Man Manson defeating Vic Viper in a non-title chain match. Mandrake also successfully defended his title against Pierre Carl Oulette in the main event. The next night, Mandrake once again defeated Rene Dupree to retain his title.
On June 1, Gym Wars returned after an 10 month absence, and trainees Big Top Mongo and Working Class John made their debuts. The main event had Keith Connolly square off with Andy Barton. Another Gym Wars was held on June 22 in which a battle royal was held to determine the number 1 contender to Mandrake's International Heavyweight Title; the match ended in a draw with Rugged Dillon Jones and Harry Hardshaw's feet both hitting the floor at the same time. As a result, Jones and Hardshaw had a match at the last Gym Wars on August 24, which ended in a double count-out. In the main event, Keith Connolly won a 12 man Battle Royal to become the 2008 King of the Gym.
Later that month, IWW returned to the National Basketball Arena in Tallaght, Dublin for the first time in six years. The show involved international wrestlers such as Raven, Daivari, Nigel McGuinness, Chad Collyer, Balls Mahoney, Dave Moralez, and Andy Boy Simmonz. All the matches were taped for IWW's television show on Buzz TV. In July, IWW ran an eight show tour around Ireland, during which Mandrake successfully retained his IWW International Heavyweight Title numerous times against Doug Basham. Mandrake also retained his gold against Balls Mahoney in Waterford on July 12. Bingo Ballance also left the Summer Heat Tour still the IWW Zero-Gravity Champion despite competition from LA Warren, Keith Connolly, Red Vinny, Wade Fitzgerald, and T-Bone. English wrestler Joel Redman also wrestled on this tour. In Clonmel on July 11, Mahoney took on T-Bone in a falls count anywhere match.
IWW hosted a tournament in honour of Danno O'Mahony in August in O'Mahony's hometown of Ballydehob. On September 18, IWW tag team The Hurling Heroes (Captain Rooney and Conor Hurley) won the Celtic Wrestling Tag Team Championship by defeating Celtic Wrestling's Method and Madness tag team in Aberfan, Wales. During the annual October tour, The Hurling Heroes successfully defended their Celtic Wrestling Tag Titles against Celtic Wrestling representatives T-Bone and Jules Lambrini. They also defended their tag titles on October 27 against LA Warren and Lambrini. Bingo Ballance successfully defended his IWW Zero Gravity title against Vic Viper, Keith Connolly and Billy Boy Meehan throughout the tour. In his hometown of Clondalkin on October 26, Working Class John defeated The Ballymun Bruiser. Also, Mandrake continued to retain the IWW International Heavyweight title against Bobby Fish and Vic Viper.
IWW ended 2008 with shows in Enniscorthy, Wexford on December 6 and Balbriggan on December 7. On December 6, Mark Haskins defeated The Ballymun Bruiser, Vic Viper and Red Vinny (the reigning RQW Cruiserweight Champion) in a four-way match to become the new champion. The next night was Fan Appreciation Night, and Bingo Ballance beat LA Warren in the main event in a two out of three falls match.
Festivals, Big Tours and The Debuts of Big Vito and Kevin Thorn (2009).
Irish Whip Wrestling started 2009 with shows in Rathcoole, Dungarvan, Waterford and Cashel, Tipperary from January 30-February 1. At the Rathcoole show, Bingo Ballance lost the Zero Gravity Championship to LA Warren. Bingo received re-matches in Dungarven and Cashel but was unsuccessful in regaining the championship. Also Captain Rooney defeated Indian Wrestler Prince Mohammend Ahmeen throughout the tour and Mandrake successfully defended his IWW International Heavyweight Championship against No1 Contender Conor Hurley in a best of 3 falls match.
In February, Irish Whip Wrestling held a multi-date tour around Ireland featuring Doug Basham and Big Vito and also the UK's T-Bone and Joel Redman in addition to the usual IWW Roster. It began with a show in Lucan, County Dublin on February 7. This show saw the team of the Hurling Heroes (Conor Hurley and Captain Rooney) split up. They faced off in a three way match involving Zero Gravity Champion LA Warren in which Warren pinned Rooney. Post match Warren and Hurley vicious beat down Rooney. Warren and Hurley also got involved later on in the night in a last man standing match between IWW International Heavyweight Champion Mandake and Doug Basham. Post match Basham challenged Warren and Hurley to a tag match with Mandrake as his partner in the main event which saw Basham and Mandrake win. Also on the show Mad Man Manson defeated the Ballymun Bruiser and Bingo Ballance beat The Supermodel to become number 1 contender to the Zero Gravity Championship. IWW continued its February tour with a show in Drogheda, Co. Louth on February 12. In notable happenings Doug Basham defeated The Supermodel and IWW International Heavyweight Champion successfully defended his title against former WCW and WWE Superstar Big Vito. In Carrick-on-Suir, Co. Tipperary on February 13, Big Vito defeated Doug Basham in the first ever match between both competitors. Plus in a six man encounter Mad Man Manson, Joel Redman and Conor Hurley beat The Supermodel,T-Bone and The Ballymun Bruiser. On February 14 IWW returned to the Forum in Waterford City. Highlights included a match in which LA Warren successfully defended his Zero Gravity Title against Joel Redman. Also on the show Mad Man Manson defeated Big Vito and Mandrake beat Doug Basham in a Best of Three Falls match to retain the IWW International Heavyweight Championship.
From March 12–17, 2009 Irish Whip Wrestling held a six day tour. LA Warren successfully retained his Zero Gravity title against a variety of opponents including former champion Bingo Ballance, Joel Redman, Vic Viper and Red Vinny. Conor Hurley also defeated Big Vito at the Tallaght show on March 14. In addition Mandrake successfully fended of the challenge of Doug Basham throughout the tour and retained his IWW International Heavyweight Championship. In April 2009 Irish Whip Wrestling ran shows in Cork, Donegal and Mount Mellick, Loais. On the shows Captain Rooney defeated The Supermodel. Also LA Warren successfully defended his Zero Gravity title against Scottish wrestler Angus J. Rotanda. In addition there was a rematch between Conor Hurley and Big Vito. Finally Mandrake defeated English wrestler Joel Redman to retain the Irish Whip Wrestling International Heavyweight Championship.
In late May/early June Irish Whip Wrestling ran a multi-date tour featuring Kevin Thorn. Throughout the tour, several dates were cancelled due to very weak ticket sales, but Mandrake retained the IWW title against the likes off Joel Redman and Kevin Thorn. LA Warren also fought off some stiff competition against Vic Viper, Bingo Ballance and The Supermodel and Joel Redman. In other news from the tour, a one match show, of an 8 man tag elimination tag, took place in Portloaise, the match came down to just Working Class John and Kevin Thorn with Working Class shockingly pinning Thorn to get the win for his team.
July 2009 saw Irish Whip holding a show in Ennis,Clare, two shows in Dublin and two in Donegal. On the Dublin shows Captain Rooney defeated Bam Katraz in Raheny, Hometown Hero Working Class John avenged a loss to LA Warren earlier that evening when he teamed with Captain Rooney to defeat Warren and Conor Hurley. Also on the Dublin shows and on the weekend of the Donegal shows Mandrake saw off the challenge of the Supermodel in a series of best of 3 falls matches.
On 1 and 2 August, IWW ran two shows as part of the Daingean Festival in Daingean,Co. Offaly. The next day it ran a show as part of the Tinahely festival. On 8 August The Supermodel won the second annual Danno Mahony Tournament. He defeated The Ballymun Briuser in the semi finals and then defeated Working Class John with assistance from LA Warren in the finals of the tournament to win the trophy. IWW rounded its string of summer shows with shows in holiday towns Ballybunion,Kerry and Kilkee, Co Clare. In notable happenings Matt Vaughan and Angus J Rotanda beat The Supermodel and LA Warren in Ballybunion and LA Warren who won the King Of Kilkee Tournament in Kilkee beating Matt Vaughan in the final.
After performing at a festival in County Cavan in September and following a successful debut in Wales the following month. Irish Whip Wrestling ran a 4 day tour in Dublin. The show on October 9 in Finglas drew a packed house of 500 people. The show was headlined by Mandrake defending his title against the Supermodel in a best of 3 falls match. This led to a last man standing match the next night in Rathcoole. On the Ballyfermot show on 10 October LA Warren defeated Red Vinny in Loser Leaves IWW Match to retain the Zero Gravity title. Also on the show Working Class John defeated IWW newcomer Luca Rusconi (aka Belthazar). Luca is a former trainee of the Squared Circle Training and Team 3D Academy also. Catain Rooney wrestled and beat the Supermodel on the Ballyermot show as well. Angus J Rotanda challenged for the IWW International Heavyweight Title in Ballyfermot and the next night in Terenure but was not able to win the title on both occasions.
On 25 October at a show in Portlaoise, Angus J. Rotanda beat LA Warren's Zero Gravity Championship and declared the new champion.
On November 7 IWW Zero-Gravity Champion Angus J. Rotanda made an appearance backstage on Monday Night Raw as a security guard during the show. The next night he received a try out match on ECW in a losing effort against Vance Archer
Irish Whip Wrestling ran its last show of 2009 on December 4 in Blancherstown. Notable events included Vic Viper defeating Working Class John and Angus J. Rotanda and Mandrake retaining their championships against The Supermodel and T-Bone respectively
2010.
Irish Whip Wrestling began the year in Enniscorthy, Wexford and Dungarvan, Waterford on January 29 and 30. The following weekend a five day tour took place. The big news coming out the tour was Mandrake becoming the new Zero Gravity Champion unifying it with the International Heavyweight Championship. The tour seen the debut of English wrestlers Kaleb Hughes and Devon Starr who clashed throughout the tour. In other notable events Paddy Whack (formerly Harry Hardshaw) and Former Zero Gravity Champion La Warren returned to Irish Whip Wrestling. Captain Rooney defeated the Supermodel in Rooney's hometown, T-bone also saw off the challenge of Working Class John on 2 occasions on the tour and finally Mandrake won The Thomas Doyle Tournament in Limerick. He defeated T-Bone and Angus J.Rotunda in a triple threat final.
In March IWW ran a week long tour starting on March 6 in Dublin and wrapping up in Tipperary on March 14. It returned to Tipperary on April 9 and the following night ran a show in Cork.
IwW held shows in June July & August. In October that year they ran 11 shows in 9 days. They ended the year with more shows in November & December.
2011.
Irish Whip Wrestling continued running shows in 2011. On Saturday April 30 in Birr, Co. Offaly, Mandrakes 3 year heavyweight championship run came to an end when he was defeated by The Supermodel. The Zero Gravity championship was un-unified with the International Heavyweight Championship and Mandrake was crowned Zero Gravity champion.
IwW completed what was the largest tour possibly every seen in Ireland with 40 shows between July 2011 - Aug 2011. The first weekend began with shows in Kerry & Waterford & took IwW all around Ireland & Northern Ireland. The Tour was a massive success and ended with the annual Danno O'Mahony memorial tournament in Co. Kerry which was won by crowd favourite Captain Rooney.
On September 25, IWW went to Oriel Park in Dundalk and held a huge show where hometown hero Skaterboi Jeebus challenged the current champion Mandrake for the IWW zero gravity championship in the main event. It was a true tale of David vs. Goliath. The rookie Skaterboi Jeebus showed great heart to overcome the greatest challenge in his young life and become the IWW Zero Gravity champion.
IwW completed their gruelling year with shows in Dublin, the totally tally of IwW Shows in Ireland for 2012 finished at 62
2012.
IwW started off 2012 by selling out shows in Tipperary. From there they went nationwide covering Donegal, Dublin, Galway, Carlow Northern Ireland & more!
They announced Eddie Edwards for a Dublin show in the busiest shopping centre in Europe for the start of July & have several summer dates around Waterford, Cork, Wicklow & Clare
Championships.
Irish Whip Wrestling International Heavyweight Championship.
The Irish Whip Wrestling International Heavyweight Championship is the primary title for IWW. The championship was created in 2005. A tournament was held in Naas, Co. Kildare in March 2005 to crown the first ever champion. The former champion Mandrake was the longest reigning champion in history of the company. On February 5, 2010, the Zero Gravity Title was unified with it and it became known as the Irish Whip Wrestling Unified Heavyweight Championship. On April 30, 2011, The Supermodel defeated Mandrake for the IWW International Heavyweight championship. The Zero Gravity championship was un-unified with the International Heavyweight Championship after this match.
Irish Whip Wrestling Zero Gravity Championship.
The Irish Whip Wrestling Zero Gravity Championship is professional wrestling championship in IWW. The Championship was created in 2007. The first champion was decided via a tournament held in Balbiggan Combined Community Centre in January 2007. On February 5, 2010 It was unified with the IWW International Heavyweight Championship and retired. It was later reactivated, after Mandrake lost the IWW International Heavyweight Championship.
King Of The Gym Winners.
2006 Winner
2007 Winner
2008 Winner

</doc>
<doc id="20614676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614676" title="Gamhariya, Parsa">
Gamhariya, Parsa

Gamhariya is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2753 people living in 454 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614686" title="Ghoddauda Pipra">
Ghoddauda Pipra

Ghoddauda Pipra is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2175 people living in 388 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614691" title="Ghore">
Ghore

Ghore is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3235 people living in 532 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614693" title="Walter Hörmann">
Walter Hörmann

Walter Hörmann (born September 13, 1961) is a retired Austrian football player and a football coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20614704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614704" title="Govindapur, Parsa">
Govindapur, Parsa

Govindapur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1849 people living in 317 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614708" title="Harlem Nocturne">
Harlem Nocturne

"Harlem Nocturne" is a jazz standard written by Earle Hagen and Dick Rogers in 1939. The song was adopted by bandleader Randy Brooks the next year as his theme song.
"Harlem Nocturne" has been frequently recorded. Artists include Johnny Otis, the Glenn Miller Orchestra, British band Ken Mackintosh, Bill Haley and His Comets (performed live), The Lounge Lizards, Duke Ellington, Harry James, Earl Bostic, King Curtis, Anton Szandor LaVey, Herbie Fields, Willy Deville, David Sanborn, Alicia Keys, Michael Lington, Sonny Moorman, The Ventures, the Brian Setzer Orchestra, and guitarist Danny Gatton; as well as Herbie Mann, Wildflower, Carla White, Vladimir Rusinov & The Jumping Cats, Stouxingers, Esquivel, Flat Duo Jets, Louis Prima & Sam Butera , Les & Larry Elgart, Rene Bloch, Ray Anthony, Les Brown & His Band Of Renown, Chakachas, The Jake Concepcion Orchestra, Bill Doggett, Illinois Jacquet, The Knickerbockers, Quincy Jones, Boots Randolph, Quartet San Francisco, New York Ska-Jazz Ensemble, Charlie Musselwhite, Archie Ulm, Sam Taylor, Ulrich Tukur + Rhythm Boys, Mel Torme, Kustomized, Mel Taylor & The Magics, Louis Prima & Sam Butera, Terry Edwards & the Scapegoats with Lydia Lunch, Neil Lewis & His Quintet, and Brian Rodwell. 
The haunting version by The Viscounts has the distinction of being a tune released twice by the same band and rising high on the Billboard charts each time: first in 1959, when it peaked at #53, and again in 1966, peaking at #39 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It has been reported that there are about 500 covers of this classic. 
In 1990, pianist Kofi Wilmot gained popularity in the instrumental world for his cover from the album of the same name "Harlem Nocturne."
It was also the theme song for the television series "Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer" and "The New Mike Hammer" Then there's the version by Harold Faltermeyer for the Tango & Cash soundtrack.
Some vocalists have recorded this song, adding lyrics to it. Mel Tormé recorded a version with lyrics for his 1963 album "Songs of New York", beginning "a nocturne for the blues", and in 2009, Sylvia Brooks recorded a different one arranged by Jeff Colella, on her Dangerous Liaisons CD, starting "deep music fills the night", which already has been covered.

</doc>
<doc id="20614714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614714" title="Harpatagunj">
Harpatagunj

Harpatagunj is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3054.

</doc>
<doc id="20614721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614721" title="John Basil Poel">
John Basil Poel

John Basil Poel (14 April 1881 - 23 October 1937) was Chairman of the Romford Urban District Council in the County of Essex from 1931 to 1932. A son of the well-respected Romford businessman William Poel, he also ran many businesses and contributed greatly to his local community.
Family and Personal Life.
John was born in Romford on 14 April 1881, the son of William Poel (d.1924) and Caroline Poel née McDermott (1847-1924). The Poel family lived in North Street, Romford for many years in what was locally known as Poel's Yard (John was born there). By the age of 19, John had become a foreman in the Yard, as his father let out some of the outbuildings to tradesmen such as bootmakers.
On 12 September 1907 he married Miriam Gertrude May Bacon (2 January 1882 - 28 April 1974), the daughter of Richard Bacon (1849-1913), the landlord of the Wheatsheaf public house in Hornchurch and his first wife Mary Ann Cowell (1850-1882). They had five children, all born in Romford:
He was a keen bowler, and was president of the Romford Bowling Club as well as vice-president of the County Association.
Businesses and Local Government.
John operated the firm Poel Brothers out of North Street and it is possible some of his brothers also assisted him in running it. The company provided many services including: Carriers to London; Horse Motor and Steam Cartage and Haulage Contractors; and Clinker, Sand, Ballast, Hogging, Hardcore etc. supplied.
In 1924, the Romford Ice & Cold Storage Company was established and Poel Brothers were contracted to deliver the ice that it produced, as indicated in the extract below:
""Most of the fish, butcher and perishable food shops relied on John Poel, who traded under the name of Romford Ice and Cold Storage, delivering blocks of ice to them for their cold storage cabinets. Freezers and 'fridges were not in common use in the 1920s, so perishable food, especially fish, had to be disposed of as soon as possible.""
The Romford Ice Factory, formerly in St Edward's Way, was liquidated in 1978 and the buildings have since been demolished.
Romford U.D.C..
On 17 April 1931, at the annual meeting of the Romford Urban District Council, it was announced that Vice-chairman Poel was to take over from Cllr John James Crowe, J.P. as Chairman. The Council felt that their chairman "should have the respect, not only of the members of the Council, but of the whole of the inhabitants of the town", and decided that Poel fitted the job description. He served for a year and was replaced in 1932 by Cllr William Thomas Boston.
Death.
On 23 October 1937, after 10 months of illness which forced him to retire from local government, he died at his home at 40 The Chase, Romford. A large funeral service was held for him at the church of St Edward the Confessor in the Market Place on 28 October 1937. He was buried in Crow Lane Cemetery, Romford, where around 100 wreaths were laid by family, friends and colleagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20614732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614732" title="Maynard Buehler House">
Maynard Buehler House

The Maynard Buehler House in Orinda, California is a Usonian home designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1948 for Katherine Z. and Maynard P. Buehler.
Description.
Architecture.
Much of the Maynard Buehler House is steel frame with redwood panel cladding; other portions are concrete block. Like many Usonian homes, the house has a distinct flat roof line, carports, underfloor heating, and is organized on a modular grid system on an L-shaped plan. The carport is cantilevered to the extreme engineering capacity. A prop was put at the corner during construction to prevent sagging. The roof was built two inches too high at that corner and when the prop was removed the roof settled right down to the proper level. This was a trademark of Wright: to take engineering to the extreme.
The long leg of the L houses a wing with three bedrooms,and a small workshop. At the hinge, a small kitchen with wood cabinets and a dark countertop served the family. The more public spaces – a living room, den, and dining room – are arranged at an oblique angle to the main wing. The hexagonal living room opens onto a dramatic space, with a shed roof soaring over it. The sloped ceiling has a large rectangular gold leaf inset that reflects the natural light. The hallway leading to the bedrooms is of redwood batten, as are the walls in the bathroom. The kitchen, with its wood cabinets and dark counter top, is conveniently nestled near the center of the house. The smaller wing was designed to accommodate Mr. Buehler’s need for a home office and machine shop for his firearm accessories business.
Furnishings.
Wright designed a number of pieces of furniture for the house. They include a dining room set with the backs of the chairs that do not intentionally rise above the tabletop so as not to impede the view of the garden. The wooden dining table consists of triangular pieces that can be moved around and more pieces added to create a large setting for Thanksgiving and other holiday feasts. The living room has a built-in bench along the perimeter. Manuel Sandoval, who made the cabinetry and furniture for the V. C. Morris Gift Shop, also crafted the Buehler pieces.
Setting.
The building is on of land transversed by a small stream. The house is surrounded with Japanese style gardens designed by Henry Matsutani. There is an expansive lawn area that sprawls away from the main living area and a ceremonial Japanese Tea House or "chashitsu" at the farthest reach of the property.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20614737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614737" title="John Upham">
John Upham

John Leslie Upham (born December 29, 1941) is a former relief pitcher and outfielder in Major League Baseball who played in and for the Chicago Cubs. Listed at 6' 0", 180 lb., Upham batted and threw left-handed. He was born in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
In a two-season career, Upham was a .308 hitter (4-for-13) with one run in 21 games. He did not hit extrabases and not drove in a run. In seven relief appearances, he posted a 0–1 record with a 5.40 ERA, giving up five earned runs on six hits and five walks while striking out four in 8.1 innings of work.

</doc>
<doc id="20614739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614739" title="Hariharpur Birta">
Hariharpur Birta

Hariharpur Birta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1999 people living in 331 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614748" title="Hariharpur, Parsa">
Hariharpur, Parsa

Hariharpur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3238 people living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614751" title="Hansjörg Walter">
Hansjörg Walter

Hansjörg Walter (born 5 February 1951 in Frauenfeld) is a Swiss politician of the Swiss People's Party, a member of the Swiss National Council for the canton of Thurgau and the president of the Swiss Farmers' Union.
Walter graduated from the Agricultural School Strickhof and underwent advanced agricultural and commercial training. In 1983, he graduated as a master farmer ("Meisterlandwirt") and took over the "Greuthof" farm near Wängi from his parents.
His career in politics began with the vice presidency of the Wängi elementary school in 1985. He served in the municipal government of Wängi from 1993 to 2002 and in the cantonal parliament of Thurgau from 1992 to 1999, at which time he was elected to the National Council. He was reelected in 2003 and 2007 with the second highest number of votes on the People's Party list. In 2000, he was also elected president of the Farmers' Union.
In the Swiss Federal Council election, 2008, Walter came close to being elected Federal Councillor despite his prior declaration that he would not accept an election. Supported by the parties left of center, he obtained one vote less than the eventual victor and official People's Party candidate Ueli Maurer.
Walter, who is married and has three children, has served in the Swiss Army with the grade of major.

</doc>
<doc id="20614761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614761" title="Jagarnathpur Sira">
Jagarnathpur Sira

Jagarnathpur Sira is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4328 people living in 695 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614768" title="Jaimanglapur">
Jaimanglapur

Jaimanglapur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3612 people living in 631 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614771" title="Highways in Niagara County, New York">
Highways in Niagara County, New York

The highway system of Niagara County, New York, comprises of roads maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation, the county, and its towns and villages. 31 state-maintained highways enter the county, which account for a combined of the state highway mileage in New York. 21 of the highways are signed state routes; the other 10 are unsigned reference routes. The state roads are supplemented by of county-maintained highways, which carry unsigned county route designations. Niagara County is also served by three byways—the Seaway Trail, the Niagara Historic Trail, and the Niagara Wine Trail.
Highways.
Interstate and US Highways.
Niagara County is served by three nationally-assigned highways: I-190, an auxiliary Interstate Highway; US 62, a United States Numbered Highway; and US 62's business route through part of Niagara Falls. I-190 heads from Erie County to Niagara County by way of the North Grand Island Bridge over the Niagara River and immediately connects to NY 384, the Robert Moses State Parkway, and the LaSalle Expressway at a complex interchange on the north side of the bridge in Niagara Falls. The section of I-190 south of NY 384 is also designated as NY 324; however, that route is not signed north of Grand Island. Farther north, I-190 meets US 62 before leaving the city for the town of Lewiston. In Lewiston, the highway trends more to the northwest, crossing NY 31 and NY 104 on its way to the Lewiston-Queenston Bridge over the Niagara River. The bridge carries I-190 to the Canadian border, where it connects to Highway 405 in the province of Ontario.
US 62 enters Niagara County upon crossing Tonawanda Creek northeast of North Tonawanda. It initially heads northwest through the town of Wheatfield as Niagara Falls Boulevard, intersecting NY 425 and NY 429 on its way to a junction with NY 182 near Niagara Falls International Airport. From here, the route takes on a more westerly track as it heads into Niagara Falls. Within the city, US 62 connects to NY 265 and I-190 before splitting into two one-way streets on the east side of downtown. US 62 follows the one-way couplet along Walnut and Ferry avenues (north and southbound, respectively) to its end at NY 104 near the Rainbow Bridge. US 62 Business runs one block to the north of US 62 in downtown Niagara Falls. It follows Pine Avenue from NY 104 just north of downtown to the east end of US 62's one-way couplet.
State touring routes.
21 signed state routes—called touring routes by the New York State Department of Transportation—enter Niagara County at some point along their routing.
NY 18.
NY 18 begins at NY 104 south of a complex grade-separated interchange that includes NY 18F, NY 104, and the Robert Moses State Parkway on the eastern edge of the village of Lewiston, north of Niagara Falls. From here NY 18 runs primarily north-south through the western portion of Niagara County to the Lake Ontario shoreline, where it turns eastward to parallel the lake shore across the rest of the county. It crosses into Orleans County at the hamlet of County Line, where NY 18 intersects the north end of NY 269.
NY 18F.
NY 18F is an alternate route of NY 18 through northwestern Niagara County. It begins at an interchange with NY 104 and the Robert Moses State Parkway just east of the village of Lewiston and runs northward alongside the Niagara River to a junction with NY 18 near Four Mile Creek State Park in Porter. NY 18F parallels NY 18 for most of its alignment, taking a more westerly course than its parent. NY 18F is the only remaining suffixed route of NY 18 and was once part of NY 18 itself.
NY 31.
NY 31 begins at NY 104 in northern Niagara Falls and travels east-west through central Niagara County as Saunders Settlement Road to the city of Lockport. The route intersects NY 78 on the edge of the Erie Canal in downtown Lockport before continuing east out of the city. Past Lockport, NY 31 passes through the mostly rural eastern portion of the county, serving the village of Middleport before crossing into Orleans County.
NY 31E.
NY 31E is an alternate route of NY 31 between the villages of Middleport and Medina. The route heads north from NY 31, overlapping NY 271 through Middleport along Main Street. Just south of the Erie Canal at State Street, NY 31E splits from NY 271, with NY 31E following State Street eastward out of the village. From here, the route loosely parallels NY 31 while following the canal to the Orleans County line.
NY 61.
NY 61 is a state highway located almost entirely in the city of Niagara Falls. The road runs across the city in a northwest-southeast direction, following Hyde Park Boulevard from NY 384 in the east end of Niagara Falls to NY 104 in the town of Lewiston.
NY 77.
NY 77 crosses from Genesee County to Niagara County north of the Tonawanda Indian Reservation. Within Niagara County, the route travels northwesterly across rural areas of Royalton to its north end at NY 31 east of the city of Lockport. NY 77 is known as Chestnut Ridge Road near NY 31 and Lewiston Road in the vicinity of the Genesee County line.
NY 78.
NY 78 enters Niagara County from Erie County in the south as Transit Road, a major thoroughfare into the city of Lockport. The route intersects NY 93 just south of the city of Lockport, and finally in the city, the miles-long run of NY 78 as Transit Road comes to an end just past the NY 31 junction at the Erie Canal. North of downtown, the highway follows Lake Avenue northeast from Lockport through some rolling countryside. Commercial development returns about north of Lockport at Wright Corners, where the highway has a brief concurrency with NY 104. North of NY 104, NY 78 is known as Lockport–Olcott Road until it reaches its northern terminus at NY 18 in Olcott, a small hamlet on the shore of Lake Ontario.
NY 93.
NY 93 begins in the center of the village of Youngstown at an intersection with NY 18F (Main Street). The route follows Lockport Street east from the junction, connecting to the Robert Moses State Parkway at the eastern village line before proceeding in an east-southeast direction across the towns of Porter and Wilson. It continues on this track to Cambria, where the route turns eastward to run concurrent with NY 104 for to the Lockport town line. NY 93 leaves NY 104 at this point to follow Townline Road to the western edge of the city of Lockport.
At NY 31, NY 93 turns east, joining NY 31 on Saunders Settlement Road as it heads towards the city. The southward continuation of the road becomes NY 270. Just outside the city limits, NY 93 leaves NY 31 to run southward on the Lockport Bypass. It heads southeast and south across the southwest corner of the city along the bypass to its end at Robinson Road. From here, NY 93 turns east along Robinson Road, which changes names to Dysinger Road southeast of the city and to Akron Road in the town of Royalton. After becoming Akron Road, the route generally southeastward towards Tonawanda Creek and the Erie County line.
NY 104.
NY 104 begins at NY 384 just east of the Rainbow Bridge in downtown Niagara Falls and heads north and east across the county on its way toward Rochester. From Niagara Falls, the route travels in north-northeasterly direction along the Niagara Gorge as it heads into Lewiston and connects to the Robert Moses State Parkway and serves the Niagara Power Visitors Center, known as the Power Vista. Just north of the Power Vista, NY 104 meets I-190 at exit 25 via Upper Mountain Road (unsigned NY 954P). Continuing on, the highway has a junction with nearby NY 265 before descending the Niagara Escarpment toward the village of Lewiston. As the road heads down the ridge, it intersects the western terminus of NY 18 by way of an interchange.
Just east of the village limits, NY 104 connects to the Robert Moses State Parkway one more time at the eastern terminus of NY 18F. The interchange is also the beginning of NY 104's run along Ridge Road. From here, NY 104 travels east through north-central Niagara County as Ridge Road. As the highway heads across the county, it briefly overlaps with NY 93 in Cambria and NY 78 in Wrights Corners. NY 104 leaves Niagara County at the southern terminus of NY 269, which runs along the Niagara–Orleans county line.
NY 148.
NY 148 is a north-south route located entirely within northeastern Niagara County. It is named Quaker Road and runs from an intersection with NY 104 in Hartland to a junction with NY 18 in Somerset. NY 148 is maintained by Niagara County as part of CR 15.
NY 182.
NY 182 runs across the city of Niagara Falls and the town of Niagara, connecting the Whirlpool Rapids Bridge to US 62 near the Niagara Falls International Airport. NY 182 is known by several names, the most prominent being Porter Road.
NY 265.
NY 265 enters Niagara County as River Road, and shortly thereafter, joins NY 384 in North Tonawanda. The two highways run together along the Niagara River for to the eastern edge of Niagara Falls, where NY 265 breaks to the northwest to follow Military Road into the town of Niagara. As NY 265 heads northwest, it makes its way to the reservoir at the Niagara Power Project in the town of Lewiston, which it crosses while running alongside I-190. Shortly thereafter, access to I-190 and Canada is provided through Upper Mountain Road, which serves the last exit before the Lewiston–Queenston Bridge and the Canadian border. From there it is an equally short distance to NY 265's northern terminus at NY 104.
NY 269.
NY 269 runs north-south along the Niagara-Orleans county line for its entire length and is called County Line Road. It runs north from an intersection with NY 104 at the community of Jeddo, passing through Millers and North Ridgeway on its way to a junction with NY 18 in the hamlet of County Line. The road also forms the boundary between the towns of Somerset and Hartland in Niagara County and the towns of Yates and Ridgeway in Orleans County.
NY 270.
NY 270 is a north-south route in south-central Niagara County. It passes from Erie County to Niagara County by crossing over Tonawanda Creek (Erie Canal) and initially continues due north along Campbell Boulevard. About from the county line, the road bends northeastward toward the city of Lockport. It ends soon after at an intersection with NY 31 and NY 93 west of the city limits.
NY 271.
NY 271 is a short north–south highway in eastern Niagara County. It serves as Middleport's Main Street, connecting NY 31 south of the village center to NY 104 in nearby Hartland. The section of NY 271 between NY 31 and the center of Middleport overlaps with NY 31E. In Middleport, NY 31E splits off onto State Street while NY 271 continues north to Hartland. The route is county-maintained as CR 45 from Mill Street (two blocks north of State Street) to the Middleport village line and CR 26 from the Middleport village line to NY 104. 
NY 324.
NY 324 officially begins at NY 384 in Niagara Falls and overlaps I-190 southward across the North Grand Island Bridge to Grand Island, Erie County. This section of NY 324 is not signed.
NY 384.
NY 384 enters Niagara County as North Tonawanda's Main Street. Shortly thereafter, it joins NY 265 and becomes River Road as the two highways run along the Niagara River. The concurrency ends after , with NY 384 continuing along the riverside to provide the southernmost Niagara County exit for I-190. Past the freeway, NY 384 enters the city of Niagara Falls as Buffalo Avenue, intersecting NY 61 at the city line before veering onto Rainbow Boulevard at the eastern edge of downtown. After just one block, NY 384 turns north onto John B. Daly Boulevard at an intersection with the southern segment of the Robert Moses State Parkway. The route runs along John B. Daly Boulevard to Niagara Street, where it turns west to access downtown Niagara Falls. NY 384 intersects the western terminus of NY 104 in downtown before ending at the eastern approach to the Rainbow Bridge.
NY 425.
NY 425 enters Niagara County on the Twin Cities Memorial Highway, a four-lane divided highway. From the county line at Tonawanda Creek (Erie Canal), NY 425 heads north through North Tonawanda for , connecting to a handful of cross streets on the eastern edge of downtown. The divided highway ends at Wheatfield Street, where NY 425 forks to the northeast and becomes the two-lane Erie Avenue. Once NY 425 reaches US 62 on the outskirts of the city, it assumes the name Shawnee Road and resumes a northerly course across the county. As it continues on, the highway descends the Niagara Escarpment and intersects NY 31 and NY 104 on opposite sides of the ridge. NY 425 remains on a northward track to the lakeside village of Wilson, where it ends at NY 18 near the shores of Lake Ontario.
NY 429.
NY 429 begins at an intersection with NY 265 and NY 384 in North Tonawanda. The route heads generally northward through the city before heading across Wheatfield as Ward Road. It follows a due north course while on Ward Road, crossing US 62 in Wheatfield and meeting NY 31 in Sanborn as Buffalo Street. The two routes briefly overlap, heading east for two blocks before NY 429 resumes a due north routing along Townline Road. From here, NY 429 follows the Lewiston–Cambria town line to Pekin, where it reaches the edge of the Niagara Escarpment at Upper Mountain Road (CR 5). The road subsequently begins to descend the ridge, and NY 429 ends north of the escarpment at a junction with NY 104.
State reference routes.
Niagara County is served by 10 reference routes, highways maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) that carry an unsigned route number for inventory purposes. These are typically highways that NYSDOT has determined are too minor to have a signed number; however, two are internal numbers for roads prominently signed with another name. Like all state-maintained roads, reference routes are inventoried in the field with reference markers, small, green signs posted every tenth-mile along the side of the road. The reference route number is displayed on the marker's first row.
LaSalle Expressway.
The LaSalle Expressway is a short east-west highway located in the southeastern part of the city of Niagara Falls. It runs for from I-190 north of the North Grand Island Bridge to Williams Road (unsigned NY 952V) east of the city in Wheatfield. The expressway has three exits along its length that serve the Robert Moses State Parkway, 77th Street, and NY 384. Its reference route designation is NY 951A, a number used by two separate highways in the Niagara Falls area. The other portion of NY 951A, not connected to the LaSalle Expressway, covers the section of Niagara Street between the Rainbow Bridge and Fifth Street in downtown Niagara Falls.
Robert Moses State Parkway.
The Robert Moses State Parkway is a north-south parkway in western Niagara County. It was originally a continuous highway between Niagara Falls and Porter; however, a section that passed through Niagara Falls State Park was removed due to low usage, splitting the highway into two segments. The southernmost of the two begins at an interchange with I-190 and the LaSalle Expressway east of downtown Niagara Falls and runs west along the Niagara River to Niagara Falls State Park and the adjacent downtown district. The Robert Moses Parkway's north leg starts at NY 104 in downtown and heads north along the east side of the Niagara Gorge to NY 18 at Four Mile Creek State Park in Porter. A spur route connects the parkway to Fort Niagara, located west of the parkway at the point where the Niagara River flows into Lake Ontario.
The mainline of the Robert Moses State Parkway is designated as unsigned NY 957A. Its short spur into Fort Niagara State Park and to Fort Niagara is designated NY 958A. Both highways are owned by the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation but maintained by NYSDOT.
Other reference routes.
Niagara County's seven other reference routes vary in importance and purpose, ranging from internal designations for bridges traversing the Niagara Gorge to minor connectors between other highways.
Former Interstate, US, and state highways.
A handful of routes once entered Niagara County, but no longer do as a result of realignments, truncations, or other changes to the state highway system.
I-90N.
I-90N is the original designation for what is now I-190, as intercity routes were numbered before three-digit Interstate Highways were assigned to the shorter intracity routes. I-190 replaced I-90N on February 24, 1959.
US 104.
US 104 was the designation for what is now NY 104 from the mid-1930s to the early 1970s. When the route was assigned , it overlapped with NY 18 (NY 34 prior to the 1930 renumbering) from Niagara Falls north to Lewiston and replaced NY 31 from Lewiston east to the Orleans County line. US 104 was redesignated as NY 104 ca. 1972.
NY 3.
NY 3 originally began at what is now the intersection of US 62 and NY 425 near North Tonawanda. From here, the route headed generally northeast through Lockport on its way to Rochester. In the 1930 renumbering, NY 3 was realigned to begin in Niagara Falls at the modern junction of NY 104 and NY 31. When US 104 was assigned , NY 31 was shifted southward from Ridge Road to NY 3's alignment across Niagara County. The shift was part of a larger change in NY 3's alignment that moved the west end of the route to Sterling in Central New York.
NY 18D.
NY 18D was the original designation for what is now NY 182. The route was commissioned as early as 1935 and renumbered to NY 182 when NY 18 was truncated to NY 104 in Lewiston in the early 1960s.
NY 18E.
NY 18E was a short spur assigned in the 1930s to connect NY 18 (now NY 18F) to the original Queenston–Lewiston Bridge in Lewiston. It was removed in the early 1960s when the original bridge to Queenston was replaced with the modern Lewiston–Queenston Bridge a short distance upstream.
NY 62A.
NY 62A was the designation for Pine Avenue in Niagara Falls. It was originally part of US 62 and was redesignated as US 62 Business in 2006.
NY 359.
NY 359 was a north–south route in eastern Niagara County. It began at NY 77 in Royalton and ran north through the hamlet of Gasport to US 104 (now NY 104) in Hartland. Its former routing is now part of CR 10 south of the Erie Canal in Gasport and part of CR 108 north of the waterway.
NY 950H.
NY 950H was the original, unsigned designation for the Twin Cities Memorial Highway, a divided highway connecting NY 425 in North Tonawanda to I-290 exit 2 in the town of Tonawanda. It carried the NY 950H designation from the early 1970s to the mid-to-late 1970s, when NY 425 was extended southward over the route.
NY 954M.
NY 954M was an unsigned designation for Akron Road in the towns of Lockport and Royalton, east of the city of Lockport. The road was part of NY 93 until the route was rerouted in 1991 to bypass Lockport on the newly built Lockport Bypass. Ownership and maintenance of Akron Road was transferred to Niagara County in 1998, and Akron Road is now designated but not signed as CR 142.
County routes.
The Niagara County Department of Public Works owns and maintains of roads within the county. All county-owned highways carry a county route designation; these numbers are not signed and there is no apparent pattern to how the designations are assigned. Most of the county routes act as primary roads in the less developed areas and also serve to interconnect the various villages and hamlets of Niagara County. The county primarily maintains only the most important connecting thoroughfares; most of the roads in the county, including many of the local through highways, are maintained by the towns.
Scenic byways.
Three byways pass through Niagara County. The longest of the three is the Seaway Trail, a National Scenic Byway.
Seaway Trail.
The Seaway Trail is a National Scenic Byway that runs across New York and Pennsylvania, following a series of roads and highways that travel along Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario, and the Saint Lawrence Seaway. Within Niagara County, the trail parallels the Niagara River and Lake Ontario.
Niagara Historic Trail.
The Niagara Historic Trail was created in 1975 as part of the 1776 Bicentennial. The trail forms a loop through Niagara County, serving as a scenic byway and connecting various points of interest.
Niagara Wine Trail.
The Niagara Wine Trail links various wineries, farm vistas, and other areas featuring rural life in Niagara County. The byway comprises two routes: the Niagara Wine Trail and the Niagara Escarpment Wine Trail, the latter of which follows the natural land contour of the Escarpment and links Niagara Falls with the main trail. The escarpment trail follows NY 104 out of Niagara Falls and east through Niagara County. In Cambria, the trail diverts onto some local roadways to access other wineries, but the trail continues east on NY 104 through the rest of the county. The trail turns north in Jeddo, a hamlet on the county line, onto NY 269 (County Line Road) and from there heads north along the Niagara–Orleans county line to end at NY 18 (Lake Road). Here, the Niagara Escarpment Wine Trail connects to both the Seaway Trail and the northeast end of the Niagara Wine Trail.
The Niagara Wine Trail follows Lake Ontario and links Wilson Harbor and Amherst. It begins at I-290 in Amherst and heads north along US 62 (Niagara Falls Boulevard) to NY 425 near North Tonawanda. From here, the byway heads north through the central part of the county to the village of Wilson. In Wilson, the Niagara Wine Trail turns east onto NY 18, following the route and the Seaway Trail to the north end of the Niagara Escarpment Wine Trail at the Niagara–Orleans county line.
List of Interstate, US, and state highways.
The chart below shows the Interstate, US, and state highways that enter or have previously entered Niagara County, and the towns they serve or served in order of how the road encounters them. The "Formed" column refers to the date that the route was assigned or extended into the county; likewise, "Removed" refers to the date that the route ceased to exist within the Niagara County limits. The measurements given in the "Length" columns refer to a route's length within Niagara County.

</doc>
<doc id="20614775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614775" title="Janikatala">
Janikatala

Janikatala is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2572 people living in 443 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614785" title="Jeetpur, Bara">
Jeetpur, Bara

Jeetpur is a village development committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2572 people living in 607 individual households. Most Famous and well Maintained Buffalo Market lies here, Jeetpur is a Fast Growing Town. Main occupation of people there are Business and Farmings. Some Important Inforations
Entertainment Facility --> Jai Laxmi Chalchitra Mandir 
Shopping Areas --> Giri Market 
Youth Organization ( BABA YOUTH ORGANIZATION )
LIONS CLUB

</doc>
<doc id="20614791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614791" title="Jhouwa Guthi">
Jhouwa Guthi

Jhouwa Guthi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4153 people living in 660 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614793" title="Alan Dean (cricketer)">
Alan Dean (cricketer)

Alan Dean (born April 2, 1962) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Potton, Bedfordshire.
Dean represented Bedfordshire for four seasons in the Minor Counties Championship, and made one Holt Cup appearance in 1991. His only List A appearance came during the same season, against Worcestershire. He scored a duck and made bowling figures of 2-20, capturing the wickets of Test cricketers Steve Rhodes and Graeme Hick.

</doc>
<doc id="20614798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614798" title="Jitpur, Parsa">
Jitpur, Parsa

Jitpur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8333 people living in 1389 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614799" title="Luboš Dobrovský">
Luboš Dobrovský

Luboš Dobrovský (February 3 1932, Kolín, Czechoslovakia, born as "Luboš Hamerschlag") is a Czech journalist and politician of Jewish origin, former Czechoslovak Minister of Defence.
Dobrovský was member of Communist Party of Czechoslovakia and journalist of the Czechoslovak Radio between 1959 and 1968. He signed Charta 77 in 1970s and served as a spokesman of the Civic Forum in 1989. Between October 1990 and June 1992 he was the Czechoslovak minister of defence. Later served as director of the "Office of the Czech President" Václav Havel. Between 1996 and 2000 he was the Czech Ambassador in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20614800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614800" title="Hawaiia minuscula">
Hawaiia minuscula

Hawaiia minuscula, common name the minute gem or minute gem snail, is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
Distribution.
Non-indigenous:

</doc>
<doc id="20614801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614801" title="Adolf Hütter">
Adolf Hütter

Adolf Hütter (born 2 November, 1970 in Hohenems, Vorarlberg) is a retired Austrian football player.
Hütter is the former assistant manager and manager of FC Red Bull Salzburg Juniors and the current manager of SV Grödig.

</doc>
<doc id="20614808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614808" title="Tim Barrett (baseball)">
Tim Barrett (baseball)

Timothy Wayne Barrett (born January 24, 1961) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He appeared in four games in Major League Baseball for the Montreal Expos in 1988, all as a relief pitcher.

</doc>
<doc id="20614810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614810" title="Kauwa Ban Kataiya">
Kauwa Ban Kataiya

Kauwa Ban Kataiya is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2732 people living in 431 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614814" title="Never Understand">
Never Understand

"Never Understand" is the first single from the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain's debut album "Psychocandy". It was the band's first release on Blanco y Negro Records and was released through them in February 1985. The song was written by William Reid and Jim Reid, and was produced by The Jesus and Mary Chain. The single was the first release by the band to chart and reached number 47 on the UK Singles Chart.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jim Reid and William Reid, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20614824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614824" title="Lahawarthakari">
Lahawarthakari

Lahawarthakari is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2665 people living in 414 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614834" title="Lakhanpur, Narayani">
Lakhanpur, Narayani

Lakhanpur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3285 people living in 547 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614842" title="Cropseyville, New York">
Cropseyville, New York

Cropseyville is a hamlet in Rensselaer County, New York. It comprises the ZIP code of 12052.
It is located east of the city of Troy, in the town of Brunswick. It resides in the Brunswick (Brittonkill) Central School District and Berlin Central School District.
External links.
NOLAN BIKS
NOLAN OINKS

</doc>
<doc id="20614846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614846" title="Udaypur Dhursi">
Udaypur Dhursi

Udaypur Dhursi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4444 people living in 652 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614850" title="Biochemistry (journal)">
Biochemistry (journal)

Biochemistry is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of biochemistry. Founded in 1962, the journal is published weekly by the American Chemical Society, with 51 annual issues. The journal's 2012 impact factor was 3.377, and it received a total of 90,842 citations in 2012. 
Since 2004, the Editor-in-Chief has been Richard N. Armstrong (Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, USA).
Indexing.
"Biochemistry" is indexed in: 

</doc>
<doc id="20614860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614860" title="Tremaine, Cornwall">
Tremaine, Cornwall

Tremaine or Tremain () is a small village and a rural civil parish in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is in the Registration District of Launceston and the population in the 2001 census was 87.
The parish is bounded to the north by Warbstow and Jacobstow parishes, to the east by North Petherwin parish, and to the west by Tresmeer and Treneglos parishes. 
Tremaine village is 10 miles (16 km) north-west of the town of Launceston near the River Ottery. The parish church, St Winwallo's, stands in the village at . It is a Norman building but some of the windows are later insertions, the font is Norman.

</doc>
<doc id="20614861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614861" title="Marco Columbro">
Marco Columbro

Marco Columbro (born June 28, 1950) is an Italian actor and television host.
Biography.
Marco Columbro was born in Viareggio, Tuscany. He studied psychology at the University of Florence. Columbro worked as actor for numerous companies, collaborating, among the others, with Dario Fo. In 1981 he debuted for television as dubber of a puppet in Canale 5, Silvio Berlusconi's channel. Columbro subsequently hosted numerous shows in Berlusconi's channel, including "Buona Domenica" and "Tra moglie e marito".
In 2003 he briefly worked for RAI, Italian's state television, for a show with Lorella Cuccarini. From 1993 onwards he worked mostly as actor for television series and for theatrical productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20614870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614870" title="Günther Neukirchner">
Günther Neukirchner

Günther Neukirchner (born December 2, 1971) is a retired Austrian football player.
Club career.
Neukirchner played 17 years for Austrian Bundesliga side Sturm Graz. He ended his professional career with second division FC Gratkorn.

</doc>
<doc id="20614902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614902" title="Simon Davis (English cricketer)">
Simon Davis (English cricketer)

Simon Davis (born April 23, 1965) is a retired English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Kempston, Bedfordshire.
Davis made a single List A appearance for the team, in 1991, having made his Minor Counties Championship three years previously. He scored 14 runs in the game, the highest score of any player in the Bedfordshire team, as they lost the match by an eight-wicket margin.
Davis continued to play in the Minor Counties Championship until 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20614904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614904" title="Lal Parsa">
Lal Parsa

Lal Parsa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2385 people living in 322 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614913" title="Madhuban Mathaul">
Madhuban Mathaul

Madhuban Mathaul is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5026 people living in 853 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614915" title="I Heard It Today">
I Heard It Today

I Heard It Today is the third full-length studio album by American hip hop artist Mr. Lif. It was released on April 21, 2009 on Mr. Lif's own label Bloodbot Tactical Enterprises. Mr. Lif has stated that the album is "dedicated to capturing the pulse of this tumultuous era we're living through." Mr. Lif released the songs "I Heard It Today", "The Sun" and "Welcome to the World" on his MySpace page prior to the album's release.

</doc>
<doc id="20614928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614928" title="Mahadevpatti">
Mahadevpatti

Mahadevpatti is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4606 people living in 721 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614935" title="Wiard Ihnen">
Wiard Ihnen

Wiard B. "Bill" Ihnen (August 5, 1897 – June 22, 1979) was an American art director. 
Born in Jersey City, New Jersey, the son of an architect, he first studied his father's profession at Columbia University. He later attended the École des Beaux Arts in Paris. Ihnen was married to Edith Head from 1940 until his death from prostate cancer in 1979, aged 81.
Selected filmography.
Ihnen won two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.

</doc>
<doc id="20614958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614958" title="Helen McDermott">
Helen McDermott

Helen McDermott (born circa 1954) is a British radio and television presenter, best known for her work at Anglia Television.
A graduate of the University of East Anglia, McDermott began her broadcasting career in the 1970s as a continuity announcer and newsreader for Westward Television in Plymouth. While at Westward, she made an attempt at a singing career under the pseudonym of 'Helen Barnes'.
McDermott joined Anglia Television in 1979 as an announcer and newsreader. While working as part of the announcing staff, she devised the idea of utilising a puppet during the regular children's birthdays' slots, based upon her previous work at Westward alongside station mascot Gus Honeybun. The puppet "BC" (or "Birthday Club") went on to become a fixture on Anglia for 22 years.
McDermott left Anglia's presentation department when in-vision continuity was phased out at the station in the late 1980s. She later became one of the chief anchors for the East sub-regional edition of "Anglia News" between circa 1990 & 2001 and continued to work on a range of other regional programmes.
McDermott was also previously a presenter at 99.9 Radio Norwich, but left the station in 2010 following budget cuts by station owners Tindle Radio. In January 2011, she joined BBC Radio Norfolk in Norwich as presenter of the weekday 11am to 1pm slot from Monday to Thursday. In January 2012, her programme was dropped from the BBC Radio Norfolk schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="20614961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614961" title="Langadi">
Langadi

Langadi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2561 people living in 461 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614962" title="Tilava">
Tilava

Tilava is a part of the City of East Sarajevo in East New Sarajevo municipality, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20614967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614967" title="Mahuwan">
Mahuwan

Mahuwan is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3106 people living in 558 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614970" title="Clara Woltering">
Clara Woltering

Clara Woltering (born 2 March 1983 in Münster) is a German team handball goalkeeper. She plays for ŽRK Budućnost and for the German national team.
International career.
Woltering made her debut on the German team in 2003, finished fifth within the 2004 European Championship, and sixth in the 2005 World Championship. At the 2006 European Championship she finished fourth, and received a bronze medal at the 2007 World Championship.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where Germany finished eleventh.
Club career.
Woltering was German Cupwinner with Bayer Leverkusen in 2002, and finalist in 2005. In 2005 she won the Challenge Cup with Bayer Leverkusen. In 2012 she won *Champions League: with ŽRK Budućnost Podgorica.

</doc>
<doc id="20614977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614977" title="Mainiyari">
Mainiyari

Mainiyari is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3908 people living in 608 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614979" title="2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Pursuit Men">
2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Pursuit Men

The 2008-09 Biathlon World Cup/Pursuit Men started at Sunday December 7, 2008 in Östersund and will finish Saturday March 28, 2009 in Khanty-Mansiysk. Defending titlist is Ole Einar Bjørndalen of Norway.
Competition format.
In a pursuit, biathletes' starts are separated by their time differences from a previous race, most commonly a sprint. The contestant crossing the finish line first is the winner. The distance is , skied over five laps; there are four shooting bouts (two prone, two standing, in that order), and each miss means a penalty loop of 150 m. To prevent awkward and/or dangerous crowding of the skiing loops, and overcapacity at the shooting range, World Cup Pursuits are held with only the 60 top ranking biathletes after the preceding race. The biathletes shoot (on a first-come, first-serve basis) at the lane corresponding to the position they arrived for all shooting bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="20614982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614982" title="Mainpur">
Mainpur

Mainpur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2177 people living in 323 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20614983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614983" title="Conservative Democratic Party">
Conservative Democratic Party

The Conservative Democratic Party may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20614995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614995" title="Lipani Birta">
Lipani Birta

Lipani Birta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3582 people living in 357 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20615005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615005" title="Prasurampur">
Prasurampur

Prasurampur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1898 people living in 292 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20615008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615008" title="Agartala City Baptist Church">
Agartala City Baptist Church

Agartala City Baptist Church (Krishnanagar Baptist Church) is a Baptist Church in the city of Agartala, the capital of Tripura state in India. It is affiliated to the Tripura Baptist Christian Union (TBCU) and is located in Krishnanagar locality in the central part of Agartala city.
History.
The Church was set up in 1987 by some Christians leaders of that time. As time evolved the church grew in members and in faith. there are more than 130 registered members.
Religion has long been a source of tension in Tripura, with the state government accusing the TBCU of links with the National Liberation Front of Tripura, which would be proscribed as a terrorist organisation in the 2002 Prevention of Terrorism Act
Location.
It is located in Supari Bagan, Krishnanagar, Agartala.
Community.
"Pastor" : 
"Deacons": Deacon Kajal Debbarma & Deacon Abhijit Debbarma.
"Committee":
Membership.
There are more than 130 registered members.
Affiliation.
The church comes under the Jamilwng Pastoral Circle of the Sadar North Baptist Association of TBCU.
Activities.
"Sunday" :
"Wednesday" :

</doc>
<doc id="20615010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615010" title="RD-0410">
RD-0410

RD-0410 (РД-0410, GRAU index: 11B91) was a Soviet nuclear thermal rocket engine developed from 1965 through the 1980s using liquid hydrogen propellant. The engine was ground-tested at the Semipalatinsk Test Site, and its use was incorporated in the Kurchatov Mars 1994 manned mission proposal.
This engine had slightly higher performance (exhaust temperature and specific impulse) over NERVA, but much less thrust, only 35,2 kN. The design of the reactor core included thermal insulation between uranium carbide/tungsten carbide fuel and the zirconium hydride moderator. This solution allowed for a very compact reactor core design. Hydrogen flow cooled the moderator first allowing to keep very low neutron energy and high fission cross-section, then it was heated by the direct contact to the fuel rods. To prevent the chemical reaction between carbide and hydrogen, about 1 pct of heptane was added to the hydrogen after the moderator passage. 
The hydrogen boost turbopump was designed by KBKhA.

</doc>
<doc id="20615016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615016" title="Patbari Tola-Warwa">
Patbari Tola-Warwa

Patbari Tola-Warwa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4060 people living in 659 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20615025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615025" title="Sankar Saraiya">
Sankar Saraiya

Sankar Saraiya is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3015 people living in 520 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20615033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615033" title="Rudolf Joder">
Rudolf Joder

Rudolf Joder (born 10 June 1950 in Zimmerwald) is a member of the Swiss National Council representing the canton of Berne and the president of the Bernese branch of the Swiss People's Party.
Joder served on the Grand Council of Berne from 1982 to 1998 and as mayor of Belp from 1989 to 2004. He was elected to the National Council in 1999. During his presidency of the cantonal party, to which he was elected in 2006, numerous leading office-holders left the People's Party to found the more liberal Conservative Democratic Party.
Rudolf Joder, an attorney by profession, is married and resident in Belp.

</doc>
<doc id="20615040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615040" title="Sirsiya Khalwatola">
Sirsiya Khalwatola

Sirsiya Khalwatola is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3674 people living in 544 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20615047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615047" title="Sakhuwa Prasauni">
Sakhuwa Prasauni

Sakhuwa Prasauni is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5037 people living in 855 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20615055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615055" title="Karl Topp">
Karl Topp

Friedrich Karl Topp (29 September 1895, Voerde – 24 April 1981) was a naval officer in Germany during both World Wars.
Topp was born in Voerde in the Prussian Rhine Province. His father was a minister. He joined the Imperial German Navy in 1914 and took part in World War I in submarines. At the end of the war he was a first officer of an u-boat under the command of Martin Niemöller. After the war he was transferred to the Reichsmarine. In the Third Reich he was "Generalreferent" (chief-official in charge) for military problems of shipbuilding, later on chief of military department at the main office of warship building, an administrate body of the Marineamt (highest command of the Kriegsmarine) and in 15 January 1941 - 24 February 1943 as Kapitän zur See (KzS, Captain) the first of the commander of the . Later, he was the chairman of the commission for shipbuilding reporting to the Reichminister für Rüstung und Kriegsproduktion Albert Speer (Minister of Armament and War Production); his last rank was Vizeadmiral (Viceadmiral). After the war the British Army engaged him some months for winding up the German shipyards. In 1946 he was released from being a prisoner-of-war. After this, for nearly ten years he worked as a commercial representative, living in Jever, Lower Saxony, where he died after retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="20615057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615057" title="Pancharukhi">
Pancharukhi

Pancharukhi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3539 people living in 595 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20615062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615062" title="Ramnagari">
Ramnagari

Ramnagari is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2161 people living in 410 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20615067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615067" title="Manhattan Merry-Go-Round">
Manhattan Merry-Go-Round

Manhattan Merry-Go-Round was a NBC musical variety radio program of the 1930s. Described as a "musical revue," it was produced by Frank and Anne Hummert. Sponsored by Dr. Lyons Tooth Powder, the radio series was adapted by Frank Hummert and producer Harry Sauber into a 1937 musical comedy feature film for Republic Pictures.
Radio.
The program simulated visits to New York night clubs. In a format slightly similar to "Your Hit Parade", the top tunes of the week (a ranking based on the sales figures for records and sheet music) were performed by the orchestras of Andy Sannella and Victor Arden, with a line-up of vocalists that included Barry Roberts, Glenn Cross, Marian McManus and Thomas L. Thomas. The announcers were Ford Bond and Roger Krupp. The director was Paul Dumont.
The program began November 6, 1932 on the NBC Blue Network, broadcast at 3:30pm on Sunday afternoons, until April 9, 1933 when it moved to the NBC Red Network, airing Sunday evenings at 9pm when it was heard in the same hour as the Hummerts' other music program, "The American Album of Familiar Music".
Film.
Charles Reisner directed the 1937 film, which was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by John Victor Mackay.

</doc>
<doc id="20615069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615069" title="Tsengeltiin Jigjidjav">
Tsengeltiin Jigjidjav

Tsengeltiin Jigjidjav (), (1894-May 22, 1933) was prime minister of Mongolia from 1930 to 1932.
Jigjidjav was born in present-day Halzan district, in Sükhbaatar Province. He graduated from the Finance Ministry’s school of accountancy in 1924. The same year he joined the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party (MPRP) and was appointed accountant of the Mongolian Central Cooperative (Montsenkoop) in 1925. In 1928 he was elected chairman of the General Committee of the Mongolian Central Cooperative.
Jigjidjav went on to become a member of the Presidium of the MPRP Central Committee as well as a member of the State Small Hural (Bag Hural). He was appointed prime minister on April 27, 1930. Some believe Jigjidjav was only an acting prime minister, while others consider him to have been a prime minister in full. The Mongolian government takes the latter view.
1932 armed uprising.
In April 1932 a group of lamas, angered by heavy-handed persecution of Buddhist monks and government expropriations of monasteries, ignited a revolt in Khövsgöl Province by occupying several town centers. The uprising soon spread to four provinces in the northwest of the country and lasted until October 1932, with outbreaks reported in the east of the country as well. By June the Mongolian Red Army had brutally suppressed large pockets of the revolt (Soviet Red Army involvement in the suppression is still debated).
Surprised by the breadth of the uprising, Soviet premier Joseph Stalin ordered a temporarily scale-back of the implementation of socialism in Mongolia. At the Third Congress of the MPRP (June 29–30, 1932), top leftist politicians were blamed for creating conditions that led to the revolt. A few days later, on July 2, 1932, Jigjidjav, who was known as the top-leftist personality in Mongolia, was stripped of all of his offices.
Later in 1932 Jigjidjav was appointed minister of trade, road transport and communications development, a post he held until his death on May 22, 1933. The circumstances surrounding Jidjidjav's death remain unclear. He died after being shot in his "ger" (home) on the outskirts of Ulan Bator. After his death he was accused of counterrevolutionary crimes, and his name was linked with the Lkhümbe case.

</doc>
<doc id="20615073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615073" title="Paterwa Sugauli">
Paterwa Sugauli

Paterwa Sugauli is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4428 people living in 714 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20615084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615084" title="Sore throat (disambiguation)">
Sore throat (disambiguation)

Sore throat generally refers to pharyngitis.
Sore Throat may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20615092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615092" title="Wayne Petti">
Wayne Petti

Wayne Petti is a Canadian singer-songwriter. He is a vocalist and guitarist for the indie rock band Cuff the Duke, and releases solo material under his own name.
Biography.
Petti grew up in Oshawa, Ontario where he played with fellow Cuff the Duker Paul Lowman. As Cuff the Duke picked up, he moved to Toronto. Wayne has also played with The Hylozoists.
Petti released his first solo album, "City Lights Align", in 2007 on Outside Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20615094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615094" title="Josep Dallerès Codina">
Josep Dallerès Codina

Josep Dallerès Codina (born February 14, 1949) is an Andorran politician. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Andorra and served as General Syndic of Andorra 1994–1997 and from 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20615105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615105" title="Kabhie Kabhie (2003 TV series)">
Kabhie Kabhie (2003 TV series)

Kabhie Kabhie is a television series that premiered on October 16, 2003 on Zee TV, featuring small stories. The series aired every Thursday to Saturday at 8pm IST. Each story is titled with a different name and consists of different star cast members. The stories are based on the themes that are positive and have a strong curiosity element: women-oriented, relationship-based, traditional as well as contemporary. Besides, the stories are written by some of the popular Indian writers: Manisha Gir, Smita Agarwal, Saurabh Sengupta, Mohit Hussain, & Nitin Tej Ahuja. The series aired every Thursday - Saturday at 8PM IST.
Episodes.
The list of some of the episodes stories that aired under Kabhie Kabhie:
Other episodes

</doc>
<doc id="20615110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615110" title="Treneglos">
Treneglos

Treneglos () is a hamlet and a civil parish in north-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is in the Registration District of Launceston. 
Treneglos is described as a hamlet "where the old Cornish "trev" is no more than a triangular green beside a church and two or three houses". It is located above a wooded valley, a choice place where ancient Celtic tribes sought shelter. Nearby, at Wilsey Down, is evidence of prehistoric tumulus. Now, it is not unusual to see sheep wandering along the country roads.
History.
Treneglos, from "tre-an-eglos", means church, a particularly strong, solid church, or church town. The parish of Treneglos included Wilsey Down, on which were "four or five ancient barrows or tumuli".
Tregulland Burrow.
From an abstract of the journal article "The Excavation of Tregulland Burrow, Treneglos Parish, Cornwall", Paul Ashbee's findings at the prehistoric Treneglos barrow are described as:
The ruined and gutted barrow called Tregulland Burrow, when totally excavated, proved to have had a complex structure. Stake holes denoting withdrawn stakes, an infilled ‘ritual’ pit, a satellite grave containing a cremation and arrowheads, and most probably the central grave pit, were the features of the first phase of its construction. A cairn-ring, with a buttressing bank, the soil for which was dug from an encircling ditch, and its turf covering, comprised the second. A great slab bearing cup-marks and an ‘eyebrow’ motif, also other lesser cup-marked and ornamented slabs, were incorporated in cairn-ring and bank. Cup-marked stones recovered from the disturbed central area suggested the one-time existence of a stone-built grave incorporating such elements. After this second phase the barrow centre was open and arena-like, and a food vessel and a cremation were put in close by the cairn-ring. All was finally enveloped by material from the depths of the ditch. Poorly built walling or turves retained the final mound.
St Gregory's Church.
The parish was in the 12th century in the possession of Robert Fitz-William, Lord of Downinney (also Downeckney), who gave it to the priory of Tywardreath. Warbstow was then a chapelry dependent on Treneglos; the two benefices were later combined as a vicarage (united benefice). Robert was responsible for building the church. 
The church was enlarged in the 15th or 16th centuries to include a moulded basket arch added to the north door, the addition of a north aisle with Perpendicular tracery and, near the east end, a rood loft stair turret. In the 16th century the south porch was added; this has an arch to the south door over which is a Norman tympanum. The Norman tympanum and font were perhaps by the same craftsman as those at Egloskerry and Tremaine. The sculptured Norman tympanum, similar to other works in nearby churches, is described as "a conventional tree in the centre, with a pair of beasts having their tails bent round between the legs, and upwards across their bodies, placed symmetrically facing each other." The meaning may be found in the Psalms verse about the vine of Egypt: "The boughs thereof were like goodly cedars... The boar of the wood doth waste it, and the wild beast of the field doth devour it."
During the 17th century, adherents of Roman Catholicism became very scarce in Cornwall; the religious census of 1671 recorded recusants in the parish of Treneglos and four others. The Reverend J. H. Mason was the vicar in the early 19th century; he was appointed in 1804 by the Prince of Wales (who later became king as George IV).
The church, rebuilt in 1858, is dedicated to St George and St Gregory. The church consists of a nave, chancel and north aisle. Four four-centred arches on granite pillars make up the arcade. The original tympanum and font were preserved. In 1871 the tower was being rebuilt. By 1872 the Warbstow and Treneglos parishes made one benefice. The Duke of Cornwall was the patron of the vicarage, with its 31 acre glebe. In 1960 it was listed as a Grade II building.
Historic farmhouse.
A historic stone farmhouse, a Grade II listed building, was built in the late 16th century or early 17th century. It was probably originally a 2 room or more house that was later remodelled and enlarged in the 19th century. It has a slate roof and the rear doorway has a granite arch from the 17th century. There are other British Listed Buildings in Treneglos.
19th century.
In the 19th century Treneglos was in the deanery of Trigg Major and was part of Lesnewth Hundred. The parish of Treneglos was reported to be 2362 statute acres by 1838. The population between 1801 and 1831 ranged from a low of 183 people (1831) to 238 people (1821).
19th century Methodist Church.
The stone United Methodist Church was completed in 1881. It is a single-storied chapel with a rectangular floor plan, window arches, a triple lancet window, porch and a gabled, slate roof. It was listed as a Grade II building on 11 January 1989. The single storied Sunday school building may have been used for worship before the church's completion in 1881.
Geology.
Dr Henry Samuel Boase wrote in Davies Gilbert's "The Parochial History of Cornwall" (1838) that the geology in the southern part of Treneglos is felspathic rock and is otherwise calcareous (mostly or partly composed of calcium carbonate) rock.
Geography.
The civil parish is bounded to the north by Warbstow parish, to the east by Tremaine and Tresmeer parishes, and to the west by Davidstow parish. The population of Treneglos parish in the 2001 census was 101.
The hamlet of Treneglos is situated 2 miles (3 km) east of Hallworthy, a hamlet at a crossroads on the western edge of the parish. The plantation on Wilsey Down (919 ft) lies between the two hamlets and the parish church of St Gregory is at Treneglos. The North Cornwall Railway from Launceston to Padstow had stations at Tresmeer and Otterham Station; the line between them ran through the parish of Treneglos. This part of the railway line was opened on 14 August 1893 and closed on 3 October 1966. 

</doc>
<doc id="20615112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615112" title="Josep Maria Farré Naudi">
Josep Maria Farré Naudi


</doc>
<doc id="20615119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615119" title="Kastigar v. United States">
Kastigar v. United States

Kastigar v. United States, , was a Supreme Court decision that ruled on the issue of whether the government's grant of immunity from prosecution can compel a witness to testify over his assertion of the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination.
In a 5-2 decision (Justices Brennan and Rehnquist took no part in the consideration of the case), the Court held that the government can overcome a claim of Fifth Amendment privilege by granting a witness "use and derivative use" immunity in exchange for his testimony.
Background.
Petitioners were subpoenaed to appear before a United States grand jury in the Central District of California on February 4, 1971. The Government believed that petitioners were likely to assert their Fifth Amendment privilege. Prior to the scheduled appearances, the Government applied to the District Court for an order directing petitioners to answer questions and produce evidence before the grand jury under a grant of immunity conferred pursuant to . Petitioners opposed issuance of the order, contending primarily that the scope of the immunity provided by the statute was not coextensive with the scope of the privilege against self-incrimination, and therefore was not sufficient to supplant the privilege and compel their testimony. The District Court rejected this contention, and ordered petitioners to appear before the grand jury and answer its questions under the grant of immunity.
Petitioners appeared but refused to answer questions, asserting their privilege against compulsory self-incrimination. They were brought before the District Court, and each persisted in his refusal to answer the grand jury's questions, notwithstanding the grant of immunity. The court found both in contempt, and committed them to the custody of the Attorney General until either they answered the grand jury's questions or the term of the grand jury expired. The Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed (406 U.S. 441, 443). The Supreme Court granted certiorari to resolve the important question whether testimony may be compelled by granting immunity from the use of compelled testimony and evidence derived therefrom ("use and derivative use" immunity), or whether it is necessary to grant immunity from prosecution for offenses to which compelled testimony relates ("transactional" immunity).
Result and Rationale.
The United States can compel testimony from an unwilling witness who invokes the Fifth Amendment privilege against compulsory self-incrimination by conferring immunity, as provided by , from use of the compelled testimony and evidence derived therefrom in subsequent criminal proceedings, as such immunity from use and derivative use is coextensive with the scope of the privilege and is sufficient to compel testimony over a claim of the privilege. Transactional immunity would afford broader protection than the Fifth Amendment privilege, and is not constitutionally required. In a subsequent criminal prosecution, the prosecution has the burden of proving affirmatively that evidence proposed to be used is derived from a legitimate source wholly independent of the compelled testimony.

</doc>
<doc id="20615126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615126" title="Daniel Webster Council">
Daniel Webster Council

Daniel Webster Council is a division of the Boy Scouts of America that serves most of New Hampshire.
History.
In 1912, two years after the Boy Scouts of America were founded in the United States, a volunteer-led council was organized in Manchester, New Hampshire. Initially there were only two troops, both of them chartered by the YMCA. As Scouting grew in popularity, three more makeshift and unrecognized councils sprang up in Dover, Claremont, and Portsmouth. The council grew steadily and added a Scout Executive to its staff in 1919.
On January 9, 1920, the Manchester Council was granted an official charter with the Boy Scouts of America. At that time, the council represented ten troops and 256 Scouts within Manchester, and 87 troops with a total of 1621 Scouts in New Hampshire. In 1925, the Manchester Council acquired Camp Manning in Gilmanton for use as a summer camp. While the Manchester Council grew rapidly, the rest of New Hampshire's Scouting program saw limited growth.
On May 25, 1929, the Manchester Council was renamed the Daniel Webster Council and expanded to cover Scouting for the entire state. The new name was derived from New Hampshire statesman Daniel Webster.
Organization.
The Daniel Webster Council is divided into nine districts:
Camps.
Griswold Scout Reservation.
Griswold Scout Reservation is a Scouting reservation located near Gilmanton Iron Works, New Hampshire, United States. There are two summer camps located within it: Hidden Valley Scout Camp and Camp Bell.
Covering over of forest, lakes, and mountains, the Scout Reservation was first run by the Norumbega Council. In 1971, the Daniel Webster Council acquired what was then called the Hidden Valley Scout Reservation. In 2000, the camp acquired additional land, which it named Camp Bell, and the total reservation was renamed Griswold Hidden Valley Scout Reservation.
Hidden Valley is run as a traditional Scout camp with full dining facilities and a wide variety of program areas and activities. Camp Bell is run with a higher emphasis on strengthening the Patrol Method. Campers do their own cooking in their sites, and participate in day-long activities as patrols. Camp Bell has a different variety of activities from Hidden Valley, including their "living history areas," and a different set of merit badges are available.
The land currently used primarily by Camp Bell has been used as the homes of many other camps, most recently Camp Manning, which after being sold by the Daniel Webster Council to private owners, changed ownership several times and had previously existed as a camp run by various organization such as the YMCA who called it Camp Leo. Camp Bell was named for an attorney member of the council's executive board who was instrumental in reacquiring the property for the council.
Camp Carpenter.
Camp Carpenter is the Cub Scout Summer camp located in Manchester, New Hampshire. It has a dining hall, a swimming lake and ample tent space. It is also home to the Lawrence L. Lee Scouting Museum.
Unity Program Center.
The Unity Program Center is a five acre property with an indoor facility, an outdoor stage and camping and event areas located on Mica Mine Road in Unity, New Hampshire.
Passaconaway Lodge.
The Order of the Arrow is represented by the Passaconaway Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="20615137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615137" title="You Trip Me Up">
You Trip Me Up

"You Trip Me Up" is a song by the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain from their 1985 debut album "Psychocandy". The track was released as the second single from the record through Blanco y Negro Records in May 1985. The song was written by band members William Reid and Jim Reid. The single reached number 55 on the UK Singles Chart.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jim Reid and William Reid.

</doc>
<doc id="20615144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615144" title="Palestine Center">
Palestine Center

The Palestine Center (previously called the Center for Policy Analysis on Palestine until 2002) is an independent think tank based in Foggy Bottom, Washington, D.C.. Their focus is on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and other Middle East issues.
Founding.
It was set up in 1991 as an educational component of the Jerusalem Fund for Education and Community Development. The Fund is a 501(c)(3) non-profit grant-making organization operating in the United States. Its founders include the late professors Hisham Sharabi of Georgetown University and Samih Farsoun of American University. Sharabi was a founder of the Center for Contemporary Arab Studies at Georgetown University. The current Executive Director is Yousef Munayyer.
Purpose.
The Center analyzes relations between the United States and the Middle East with a focus on the Palestinian issue. The Center studies specific U.S. policies, publishes reports, briefing, and analysis, and serves as a venue for Palestinian and Arab scholars. 
The Center also houses the Sharabi Memorial Research Library, one of the largest Palestine-centered collections in the United States. The Center employs fellows to conduct policy research. It published extensive online audio archives of its events going back to the early 1990s, a blog and a YouTube page to document its on-site events.
Publications.
The Center has been referenced by diverse news media from the Turkish Weekly to the Washington Times and Christian Science Monitor.
The Palestine Center publishes press releases as mentioned above, as well as articles written by fellows.
Events.
The Palestine center holds weekly events and often invites distinguished speakers. Speakers at the Palestine Center have included former Israeli Knesset member Azmi Bishara, Palestinian diplomat Afif Safieh, Clovis Maksoud, Amb. Nabil Fahmy, Egyptian Ambassador to the United States, Hanan Ashrawi, Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad, and John Mearsheimer, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20615151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615151" title="John Victor Mackay">
John Victor Mackay

John Victor Mackay (13 July 1891 – 8 September 1945) was an American art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 84 films between 1937 and 1942
Selected filmography.
Mackay was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20615158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615158" title="Mangfall Valley Railway">
Mangfall Valley Railway

The Mangfall Valley Railway () () is a single-tracked, electrified railway that runs through the "Mangfall" valley in Bavaria, Germany, between Holzkirchen and Rosenheim. It is exclusively used by regional services. However it also acts as a diversionary line in case of difficulties on the Munich–Rosenheim railway.
History.
The Mangfall Valley Railway was part of the first rail link between Munich and Rosenheim (and beyond that to Salzburg/Kufstein), the so-called "Maximiliansbahn". It was built by the state of Bavaria and completed on 31 October 1857. At that time the route ended in the Rosenheim suburb of "Am Roßacker". Not until 13 November 1858 was the first "real" station opened in Rosenheim complete with locomotive shed and turntable. That locomotive shed still exists today and is used as an exhibition building (e.g. the "Bajuwaren"- and "Der Inn" exhibitions). The railway was mainly used at that time to transport coal from the mine at Hausham to the "Salinensudhaus" salt works in Rosenheim.
From Bad Aibling there was an electrified branch line to Bad Feilnbach, now dismantled. There was also a short stub line to Vagen, that was still used in the 1940s for passenger traffic. Later the tracks were only used to access the "Leitzach" factory, before it was knocked down in the early 1990s.
The planned double-tracked expansion of the route has not been realised to this day, because in 1871 the newly built direct route from Munich to Rosenheim via Grafing (today the /) took over the role of the main line. In 1971 the line was electrified in order to provide a relief line for the heavily trafficked KBS 950 route. You can deduce that the route has this function because the turnouts in the stations are unusually long.
Several new stations, at Feldolling, Hinrichssegen, Bad Aibling and Rosenheim, were to have been built some years ago; planning for them began in 1995. But even in 2006 the Deutsche Bahn stated that it could not give a firm date for the actual in-service date of the new stations. Local politicians have made strong complaints against Deutsche Bahn.
Route.
The departure point for the route is at Holzkirchen on the KBS 955/956/957 (Munich–Holzkirchen–Bayrischzell/Lenggries/Tegernsee), where line 5 (KBS 999.5) of the Munich S-Bahn also ends. München-Kreuzstrasse railway station is also an S-Bahn terminus, in this case for route 6 (KBS 999.6).
At Rosenheim the line meets the KBS 950 and 951 main lines as well as the less important, unelectrified and single-tracked main line to Mühldorf (KBS 944).
The entire route was worked until recently by locomotive-hauled push-pull trains, but more recently by electric multiple-units of DBAG Class 425. A higher train frequency is planned, as is the introduction of more stations (see table).

</doc>
<doc id="20615167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615167" title="Peter Gerald Charles Dickens">
Peter Gerald Charles Dickens

Captain Peter Gerald Charles Dickens DSO, MBE, DSC, RN (6 April 1917 – 25 May 1987) was a Royal Navy officer during World War II and a great-grandson of novelist Charles Dickens.
Naval career.
The son of Admiral Sir Gerald Charles Dickens and Kathlen Pearl Birch, Peter Dickens was born in Fulham in London in 1917. Dickens joined the Royal Navy as a Naval Cadet in September 1934, being promoted to Midshipman in May 1935 when he was serving aboard HMS Nelson in the Home Fleet. Dickens was Acting Sub-Lieutenant in September 1937 and Sub-Lieutenant in May 1938 while serving aboard the Royal Yacht HMY Victoria and Albert III in Portsmouth. In 1940 he took part in the evacuation from Dunkirk.
From June 1942 Dickens was the Commanding Officer of HM MTB 234 and the Senior Officer of 21st MTB Flotilla when, in August 1942, he was awarded the MBE for saving his mined ship through damage control, and the Distinguished Service Cross in December 1942 for attacks on enemy shipping. In July 1943 he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for skillful and daring attacks "in enemy coastal waters".
Dickens was the Commanding Officer of HMS Blencathra from April 1944 to July 1945 and was promoted to Lieutenant Commander on 20 March 1945 with seniority from 1 December 1944. He then transferred to the Staff of RN College, Eaton and later RN College, Dartmouth, where he served from July 1945 to 1948. Promotion to Commander came in June 1947 and he served on the staff of the Commander-in-Chief, Far East Station, until April 1952 when he was appointed Commanding Officer of HMS Gabbard, and from 1953 to April 1954 of HMS Scorpion. From April 1955 to January 1956 he was based at HMS President, a shore establishment, and was promoted to Captain in December 1955 before being appointed Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff (Plans), Allied Forces Mediterranean (NATO) at Malta from October 1956 to January 1957.
He was a Staff Officer for NATO based at İzmir from 1958 to 1959, and from 1959 to 1961 was the Commanding Officer of HMS Delight. Dickens was Captain of Chatham Dockyard and Queen's Harbour Master and Chief Staff Officer to Rear Admiral Beloe between March 1961 to February 1964, and served as Naval Aide-de-camp to Queen Elizabeth II from July 1964 to January 1965.
Peter Dickens was the President of the Dickens Fellowship, a worldwide association of people who share an interest in the life and works of Charles Dickens, and was President of the Coastal Forces Association. He is the grandfather of the actor Harry Lloyd and uncle to the actor/performer Gerald Charles Dickens.
Dickens died in 1987 at Tunbridge Wells in Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="20615179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615179" title="Lobo Chan">
Lobo Chan

Lobo Chan (born October 15, 1960) is a British opera singer and actor perhaps best known for his role in Peter Jackson's 2005 remake of "King Kong".

</doc>
<doc id="20615183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615183" title="Benjamin Banks (cricketer)">
Benjamin Banks (cricketer)

Benjamin Banks (born August 28, 1969) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Cambridge.
Representing the team in the Minor Counties Championship, Banks made a single one-day appearance for the team, in a NatWest Trophy match against Worcestershire. From the tailend, Banks scored 12 not out in his only one-day innings. He bowled two overs during the match, producing figures of 0-8.

</doc>
<doc id="20615196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615196" title="Jinnah Polytechnic Institute">
Jinnah Polytechnic Institute

Jinnah Polytechnic Institute (JPI) is a polytechnic institute located in Faisalabad, Punjab, Pakistan. The school offers 3-year diploma programs in various technologies. Jinnah Polytechnic Institute is a premier engineering, technology and vocational educational institute in Faisalabad. The Faisalabad Polytechnic Institute is affiliated with NED University of Engineering and Technology.
References.
http://www.ipakarachi.com

</doc>
<doc id="20615207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615207" title="East Schodack, New York">
East Schodack, New York

East Schodack, New York is a hamlet in Rensselaer County. It comprises the ZIP code of 12063.
It is located southeast of Albany and Troy, New York, in the town of Schodack, New York. It is located in the northeastern corner of the town, and was formerly called Scotts Corners, which is also the name of another hamlet in Westchester County, New York.
New York Route 150 is the main highway in the community.
The East Schodack Fire District, the local fire department, had an election on December 9, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20615228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615228" title="IHF Cup of Honour and certificate">
IHF Cup of Honour and certificate

The IHF Cup of Honour and a corresponding certificate is awarded to eminent personalities as well as national and international federations.
The Cup of Honour recognises extraordinary contributions to the development of the sport of handball.
The recipient is selected by the Executive Committee and the cup together with the certificate awarded by the IHF President.
Further Readings.
IHF Statuts Chapter XXI - Regulations of Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20615229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615229" title="2008 Colorado State Rams football team">
2008 Colorado State Rams football team

The 2008 CSU Rams football team represents Colorado State University in the college football 2008 season. They play their home games at Sonny Lubick Field at Hughes Stadium in Fort Collins, CO and were led by first year coach Steve Fairchild. CSU played Colorado in the Rocky Mountain Showdown to begin the season on August 31, 2008 and closed the season in Laramie against Wyoming on November 22, 2008. In addition to the slate of eight conference games, four at home and four on the road, the Rams traveled to Berkeley, CA to play the University of California at Berkeley, while having hosted Sacramento State and Houston.
The Rams finished the regular season in fourth place in the Mountain West Conference and accepted a bid to the 2008 New Mexico Bowl on December 20, where they defeated the Fresno State Bulldogs.

</doc>
<doc id="20615238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615238" title="Sankaradi">
Sankaradi

Chandrasekhara Menon, better known by his stage name Sankaradi (; 1924–2001), was an Indian actor. He was a veteran Malayalam comedian and character artiste, who had over 700 Malayalam films to his credit. He was one of the first realistic actors in South Indian cinema. He dominated the Malayalam film scene in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s as comedian along with Adoor Bhasi and Bahadur. Later, he switched to character roles.
Early career.
Sankaradi passed intermediate from Maharajas College, Ernakulam. Before entering films, Sankaradi briefly dabbled in politics, journalism and theatre. He had earlier joined the Indian National Congress, but later became a cardholder of the undivided Communist Party of India (CPI). However, he returned his party card after the CPI split in 1964 and turned to theatre.
Sankaradi joined the trade union movement at Baroda Railways while he was studying Marine engineering at Baroda. He abandoned his studies to pursue journalism in Mumbai.
Film career.
A stint in theatre in the mid-1960s in Kerala prepared Sankaradi for his foray into films. Since his debut in Kunchacko's "Kadalamma", he remained an integral part of Malayalam cinema till his death.
Sankaradi won the state's best character artiste award in 1969-71. He also holds the record for featuring in over 300 films with evergreen hero Prem Nazir.
Awards.
Kerala State Film Awards:
Personal life.
Sankaradi remained bachelor for a long time till he married Sharada in the late 1980s; the couple had no children. He was known throughout his film career by his house name (Tharavadu) "Sankaradi".

</doc>
<doc id="20615250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615250" title="George Shears">
George Shears

George Penfield Shears (April 13, 1890 – November 12, 1978) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Shears played for the New York Highlanders in . In 4 career games, he had a 0–0 record, with a 5.40 ERA. He batted right-handed and threw left-handed.
George Shears was a Doctor of Chiropractic who led the G.P.C. chiropractic movement in the late 1930s, '40s and early '50s. 
Shears was born in Marshall, Missouri, and died in Loveland, Colorado. 

</doc>
<doc id="20615275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615275" title="Yui (name)">
Yui (name)

Possible writings.
Yui can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The given name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="20615276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615276" title="Tresmeer">
Tresmeer

Tresmeer (sometimes spelled Tresmere) () is a hamlet and a civil parish in north-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. The hamlet is situated approximately seven miles (11 km) north-west of Launceston.
The civil parish is bounded to the north by Treneglos and Tremaine parishes, to the east by Egloskerry, and to the west by Treneglos parish. The population of Tresmeer parish in the 2001 census was 216. 
Tresmeer is in the Registration District of Launceston. The parish church of St Nicholas is in the village at . 
Tresmeer was served by a railway station on the North Cornwall Railway line until closure of the route in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20615311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615311" title="David Hawkins (bishop)">
David Hawkins (bishop)

David John Leader Hawkins (born 3 March 1949) is the current Bishop of Barking in the Church of England. 
Hawkins was educated at the University of Nottingham. After further study at St John's College, Nottingham he was ordained in 1974. His ordained ministry as a curate at St Andrew’s Bebington, after which he was spent six years in Nigeria. He was then vicar of St George’s Leeds for 16 years until his ordination to the episcopate. A keen mountain walker, he is married with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20615322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615322" title="Stephen Gamson">
Stephen Gamson

Stephen Gamson (born 1965) is an American artist and art collector.
Early life.
Gamson spent much of his youth visiting studios, museums, and researching art through books. As a student, he began collecting the work of artists he admired. After post-graduate studies in art history at Harvard University, in the early 1990s, Gamson had a one man show at the Candide Gallery in Atlanta, Georgia.
Exhibitions and displays.
In 2004, Gamson was the featured artist for the Nautica Project. This permanent show includes his creation of two aluminum sculptures, a 30’wide x 5’high mural and numerous paintings depicting life on Miami Beach. On January 26, 2008, a show including 29 of his acrylic on canvas paintings was displayed at Gallery Jax in Miami. He is represented by Rebecca Hossack Gallery in London and Seth Jason Beitler Fine Arts in Miami. He displayed his work at an exhibition that opened on August 7, 2008 at DeBillzan Gallery in Laguna Beach, California, and had a solo show in the Projects room at Frank Pictures Gallery, in Santa Monica, California, which opened on October 9, 2008.
In early December 2008, Gamson held a solo show, titled “Symbols and Portraits”, at the Seth Jason Beitler Fine Arts in Wynwood as part of Art Basel 2008. Gamson was the official artist for Café Bustelo. His artwork will appear internationally as Bustelo rolls out 100 retail stores. For 2009, Gamson has been commissioned to create large scale, high-profile projects in Los Angeles and Las Vegas. He was also selected as the official poster artist for the 35th Annual Miami Beach Festival of the Arts in February, 2009.
Stephen has been featured in many publications such as The Hollywood Reporter, The Miami Herald, Haute Living Magazine, Six Degrees Magazine (page 25/26), and has been in articles on MSNBC, Reuters, and Yahoo! News.
Organizations.
Gamson has served on the board of directors for many organizations such as The Jackson Metropolitans (a division of The Jackson Memorial Hospital Foundation), The Shakers advisory board for the Museum of Contemporary Art, North Miami, Hugs and Kisses at the Miami Children's Hospital, The AJ Japour Art Gallery and Foundation, and is one of the founding members of Art for a Cause.

</doc>
<doc id="20615331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615331" title="Gary Hanniffy">
Gary Hanniffy

Garry Hanniffy (born 4 April 1977) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Offaly senior hurling team. 
Hanniffy made his first appearance for the team during the 1997 National League and subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement prior to the 2008 championship. During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and one National Hurling League (Division 2) medal. Hanniffy was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Hanniffy is a three-time All-Ireland medalist with Birr. In addition to this he has also won five Leinster medals and ten county club championship medals.
Hanniffy's father, Declan, and his brothers, Darren and Rory, also played hurling with Offaly.
Playing career.
Club.
Hanniffy plays his club hurling with Birr and has enjoyed much success during a lengthy career.
He was still a minor when he joined the club's senior team in 1994. That year he was a non-playing substitute when Birr made a clean-sweep of county, Leinster and All-Ireland titles.
By 1997 Hanniffy was a regular member of the starting fifteen. That year he won his first county championship medal following a 0-14 to 2-4 defeat of Seir Kieran. He later added a Leinster medal to his collection following an 0-11 to 0-5 defeat of Castletown. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Birr take on Sarsfield's of Galway. Darren Hanniffy scored the only goal of the game after just five minutes and gave Birr a lead that they would never surrender. A 1-13 to 0-9 victory gave Hanniffy his first All-Ireland medal.
After surrendering their titles the following year, Birr bounced back in 1999. A 3-15 to 1-11 defeat of St. Rynagh's gave Hanniffy a second championship medal. A subsequent 1-16 to 0-11 defeat of Castletown gave Hanniffy a second Leinster medal.
Hanniffy won further championship medals in 2000 and 2001 as Birr retained their status as the kingpins of Offaly hurling. Once again Birr defeated Castletown in the provincial decider to gave Hanniffy his third Leinster medal. Once again Birr qualified for the All-Ireland final with Clarinbridge providing the opposition. A Declan Pilkington goal inside sixty seconds was the perfect start, although the Westerners did recover to lead by 1-4 to 1 -2 at the break. With wind advantage, Birr took control and secured a 2-10 to 1-5 victory. It was Hanniffy's second All-Ireland medal.
Birr continued their dominance in 2002 with Hanniffy winning a fifth championship medal following a 3-12 to 2-7 defeat of Kilcormac-Killoughey. He later added a fourth Leinster medal to his collection following a 2-5 to 1-2 defeat of Young Irelands in deplorable conditions. Birr later faced Dunloy in the All-Ireland decider. At the third time of asking Birr finally retained the title with a 1-19 to 0-11 victory. It was Hanniffy's third All-Ireland medal.
In 2003 Birr defeated Ballyskenach by 1-18 to 1-11 to secure their fifth successive county championship. It was Hanniffy's sixth championship medal.
A record six-in-a-row proved beyond Birr, however, Hanniffy won his seventh championship medal in 2005 as his side trounced Coolderry by 0-20 to 0-5. 
It was the start of another great run of success for Birr as the club retained their titles in 2006 and 2007. Later that year Hanniffy won his fifth and final Leinster medal as Birr narrowly defeated Ballyboden St. Enda's by 1-11 to 0-13. Birr later had the chance to make history by becoming the first club side to win five All-Ireland titles, however, Portumna easily defeated Hanniffy's side by 3-19 to 3-9 in the decider. 
In 2008 Hanniffy won a remarkable tenth championship medal as Birr defeated Kinnitty by 1-15 to 0-15. It was a fourth successive county title for Birr.
Inter-county.
Hanniffy made his senior debut for Offaly in a National Hurling League game against Tipperary in 1997. Later that year he came on as a substitute against Laois to make his championship debut.
By 1998 Hanniffy was a regular impact sub for Offaly's championship campaign. He lined out in his first provincial decider that year, however, Kilkenny defeated Offaly by 3-10 to 1-11. This defeat prompted the Offaly manager, Babs Keating, to describe the team as "sheep in a heap", and he promptly resigned. It looked as if Offaly's championship hopes were in disarray, however, they overcame Antrim in the All-Ireland quarter-final and qualified to meet Clare in the semi-final. The first game ended in a draw and had to be replayed, however, the replay was ended early because of a time-keeping error by the referee Jimmy Cooney. Following a protest on the pitch of Croke Park by the Offaly supporters it was decided that Clare and Offaly would meet for a third time. Hanniffy's side won the third game and qualified to play Kilkenny in the final. On that day Brian Whelahan delivered one of his greatest-ever Offaly performances, scoring 1-6. Offaly reversed the Leinster final defeat by winning the All-Ireland final by 2-13 to 1-16. It was Hanniffy's first All-Ireland medal.
Offaly surrendered their All-Ireland crown the following year but returned to the All-Ireland decider again in 2000 in a repeat of the Leinster final. Kilkenny's D.J. Carey capitalised on an Offaly mistake after just six minutes to start a goal-fest for "the Cats". Carey scored 2–4 in all, sharing his second goal with Henry Shefflin who also scored a goal in the second-half. At the full-time whistle Kilkenny were the champions by 5–15 to 1–14.
The following few seasons proved difficult as Kilkenny went on to dominated the provincial championship.
In 2005 Hanniffy won a Division 2 medal in the National League following a 6-21 to 4-7 trouncing of Carlow.
Following Offaly's relegation from Division 1 of the National League in 2008, Hanniffy decided to call time on his inter-county career.

</doc>
<doc id="20615335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615335" title="Daicon III and IV Opening Animations">
Daicon III and IV Opening Animations

The Daicon III and IV Opening Animations are two short, anime, 8 mm films that were produced for the 1981 Daicon III and 1983 Daicon IV Nihon SF Taikai conventions. They were produced by a group of amateur animators known as Daicon Film, who would later go on to form the animation studio Gainax. The films are known for their unusually high production values for amateur works and for including numerous references to otaku culture. 
"Daicon III" was made by Hideaki Anno, Hiroyuki Yamaga and Takami Akai and "Daicon IV" credits twelve people, including Yamada as the director and Anno and Akai as animation supervisors. Despite the questionable legal status of the works, the production of "Daicon III" resulted in debts that were repaid by selling video tapes and 8mm reels of the production; of which the profits went to the production of "Daicon IV". In 2001, the anime magazine "Animage" ranked the "Daicon" animations as the 35th of the "Top 100" anime of all time.
Summary.
"Daicon III Opening Animation".
The Jet VTOL ship from "Ultraman"'s Science Patrol descends out of the sky toward Earth, as a school girl, carrying her "randoseru", observes from behind a tree. They offer the girl a cup of water and ask her to deliver it to "Daicon". The girl salutes and races away, but she quickly experiences trouble as "Punk Dragon" blocks her path. He summons a mecha from "Starship Troopers" and it and the girl begin battling. The girl tosses the mecha aside and Gomora rises from the earth. Using a booster concealed in her backpack, the girl flies up into the sky and evades Gomora's blast, with the mecha flying after her. They continue their battle in mid-air. A blow from the mecha sends the girl falling, imperilling her precious cup of water. At the last moment, she has a vision of the Science Patrol and regains consciousness. She snatches the cup before it crashes to the ground, saving the water. Resuming her battle with the enemy mecha, she catches one of its missiles and hurls it back at the mecha, causing a huge explosion. The destroyed mecha launches a rocket, summoning Godzilla with the Ideon symbol. With King Ghidorah and Gamera chasing her, the girl flies through the air with her jet-propelled backpack. A Star Destroyer, a TIE fighter, and some Martian fighting machines from the 1953 "War of the Worlds" movie cross the background. Reaching into her backpack the girl whips out a bamboo ruler, which magically becomes a lightsaber. After slicing an Alien Baltan in half, the girl launches a number of micro-missiles from her backpack. Hit by one of the missiles, a Maser Tank from the "Godzilla" movies catches fire. The "Atragon" breaks in two as the "Yamato", the "Enterprise", an X-Wing, and Daimajin explode in complete chaos. The girl pours her cup of water on a shriveled daikon buried in the ground. As the daikon revives, it turns into the spaceship "Daicon". Bathed in light, and now wearing a commander's uniform, the girl boards the ship, where the film's producers, Toshio Okada and Yasuhiro Takeda, sit at the controls. As the landing gear retracts, "Daicon" departs for the far reaches of the universe.
"Daicon IV Opening Animation".
The "Daicon IV Opening Animation" begins with an abridged, 90-second retelling of the "Daicon III Opening Animation" set to music by Kitarō. After this, the lyrics to "Prologue" by Electric Light Orchestra appear against a starry background. The music then segues to "Twilight", the next song on the ELO album "Time" and the fast-paced animation begins.
The girl with the backpack from the "Daicon III Opening Animation" has now grown up into a bunny girl. She fights off a multitude of sci-fi monsters and mobile suits then jumps into a throng of Metron Seijin and tosses them aside. She is then in a lightsaber duel with Darth Vader, with Stormtrooper sitting Japanese-style in the background and the Death Star enshrined in one corner. From atop a cliff, a "xenomorph" with mecha legs, wielding the Discovery One, knocks the bunny girl down with a shock wave blast and the Dynaman robot crushes the girl. The bunny girl lifts the Dynaman robot off her with superhuman strength, smashes it against the cliff, and celebrates in the first example of the Gainax Bounce. The Stormbringer suddenly appears in the sky and the bunny girl hops on it like a surfer. A few random sequences are shown, such as Yoda as "Yū Ida" given a Japanese comedy routine with various characters in the audience. The bunny girl is still surfing on the Stormbringer when she runs into a formation of Ultrahawk 1's. Then the "Yamato", the "Arcadia" attached to the transformed SDF-1 Macross appear, along with an exploding VF-1 Valkyrie variable fighter from "Macross" armed with a "Gundam"-style beam saber. A mid-air battle unfolds in an "otaku" coffee shop. The bunny girl then travels into an extra-dimensional world filled with American comic superheros. A host of machines and characters ("Lord of the Rings", "Conan", "Narnia", others) fly past her into space, including a Klingon battlecruiser, the moon ship from H.G. Wells "First Men in the Moon", the Millennium Falcon and the Thunderbirds. Once back on land, the bunny girl jumps off the Stormbringer and it splits into seven parts, which fly though the sky spewing smoke in seven colors. A random sequence of famous spaceships crashing into each other is shown. Then suddenly, "what could only be described as an atomic bomb" hits an unpopulated city. After the blast, there is a flurry of sakura petals. Successive upheavals of the Earth give birth to new worlds. As a beam launched by the "Daicon" traverses the sky, lush greenery sprouts and grows. The camera then pans over a massive crowd of fictional characters, the sun rises, the camera zooms out to the solar system, and the film ends.
Production.
Originally the productions were intended to be shot in 16 mm film, but both were shot in 8 mm film instead and were completed only the morning before their debut. In order to pay off the debts of the productions, video copies of the animation were sold. Eng declares this as the first example of original video animation (OVA) predating "Dallos". Kazutaka Miyatake of Studio Nue originally designed the mecha that appears in the "Daicon III" clip chasing the little girl for a Japanese edition of the "Starship Troopers" Military sci-fi novel in the early eighties.
"Daicon III".
Only three people were involved in the production of "Daicon III", Hideaki Anno, Hiroyuki Yamaga and Takami Akai. Takeda, who was a part of the group, explains in "Notenki Memoirs" that Anno knew how to make anime, but he never worked with animation cels. They were referred to Animepolis Pero, an anime hobby store chain, but they found that the cost of the cels were too expensive, so a single cel was purchased and taken to a vinyl manufacturer in east Osaka, where they purchased a roll for 2000 yen. After cutting and preparing the vinyl cels, they discovered that the painted cels would stick together when stacked and dry paint would peel off the cels. To keep costs low, made their own tap to punch holes in the B5 animation paper used in the production.
The work was carried out in an empty room of Okada's house where their business was also operated. While other people were present, the work was shared and Anno, Akai and Yamaga worked full-time on the production, the direction was not professional, but Takeada attributed Okada as the producer, with Yamaga directing, Akai doing character animation and Anno as the mecha animator. Takeada also said other individuals were involved and were used to trace cels or paint cels as needed, but still credits Yamaga, Akai and Anno with the production itself. Filming was done by a camera on a tripod and frames were called out by Anno because the production lacked timing sheets.
Osamu Tezuka did not see the opening film at Daicon III, but was shown the film by Akai and Yamaga later that night. After watching the film, Tezuka remarked "Well, there certainly were a lot of characters in the film. ... here were also some that weren't in the film". Akai and Yamaga later realized the omission of Tezuka's characters; they were subsequently used in the "Daicon IV" animation. According to Toshio Okada, the theme of water in the opening represented "opportunity" and Lawrence Eng, an otaku researcher, describes the theme as, "...making the best use of one's opportunities while fighting against those who would seek to steal such opportunity away."
"Daicon IV".
The production facility for "Daicon IV" was in a dedicated studio in a building called the "Hosei Kaikan" that was owned by a textile union. Takeda defined it as a literal anime sweatshop, the building was shutdown at 9:00 pm and a majority of the staff would be locked inside and working through the night without air conditioning. The "Daicon IV" film officially credits a production crew of twelve people. Hiroyuki Yamaga directed the production of "Daicon IV" with Hideaki Anno and Takami Akai as animation directors. Toru Saegusa did the artwork and the animations were done with Yoshiyuki Sadamoto, Mahiro Maeda, Norifumi Kiyozumi; additional animation was provided by Ichiro Itano, Toshihiro Hirano, Narumi Kakinouchi, Sadami Morikawa, Kazutaka Miyatake. Originally, "Daicon IV" was supposed to be fifteen minutes long, but the difficult production resulted in the cut time.
Reception and release.
The "Daicon III" film was reported on in "Animec" magazine which resulted in requests for the film to be released publicly. In order to pay off the debts from producing the film, the decision was made to sell 8mm reels of the film and videos. Additional original artwork and the storyboards were included in the release. The sale paid the debts and the profit would be used to produce "Daicon IV".
Due to copyright problems an official release of the animations has proven impossible. For the American release of the film, the rights to use of the Playboy bunny costume was denied and the rights to Electric Light Orchestra's music was consequently not sought. However, a laserdisc featuring "Daicon III & IV Opening Animation" was unofficially released in Japan as bonus material to a ¥16,000 art book of the animations. This laserdisc is considered rare and highly valuable among collectors, easily fetching prices over a thousand dollars on online auctions.
Legacy.
Since its release the animations have been referenced several times in Japanese media productions, especially those focused on otaku culture. Clips and characters from the animations appear in the 1991 Gainax OVA "Otaku no Video". The opening sequence of the "Train Man" Japanese TV drama series from 2005 was inspired by and uses the Electric Light Orchestra theme and the lead character from the "Daicon IV" film. In episode 5 of Gainax's "FLCL", titled "Brittle Bullet", Haruko flies in on a guitar and attacks a giant robot with her slingshot and yells "Daicon V" in reference to the "Daicon IV". 
At Fanimecon, Yamaga said, "openings are a source of pride and something you want to strangle." Akai who wants to produce better films stated, "I don't want to see them for a long time. Just thinking about them sends shivers down my spine." Lawrence Eng stated that without the "Daicon" animations, Gainax might never have existed. In 2001, the anime magazine "Animage" ranked the "Daicon" animations as the 35th of the "Top 100" anime of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="20615363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615363" title="SAHRIT">
SAHRIT

The Human Rights Trust of Southern Africa, better known as SAHRIT, is a human rights groups established in October 2006 to promote human rights in Southern Africa. It has its headquarters in Harare.

</doc>
<doc id="20615364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615364" title="Tencendur">
Tencendur

Tencendur, or Tencendor, ("strife") is the warhorse of King Charlemagne in the French epic, "The Song of Roland". Tencendur is mentioned in laisse 262 of the poem.

</doc>
<doc id="20615370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615370" title="Vivian Phillipps">
Vivian Phillipps

(Henry) Vivian Phillipps (13 April 1870, Beckenham, Kent – 16 January 1955, Leigh, Kent) was a British teacher, lawyer and Liberal politician.
Family and education.
Phillipps was born in Beckenham, Kent the son of Henry Mitchell Phillipps. In 1883 he went to Charterhouse School and in 1886 he travelled to Heidelberg in southern Germany to study for three years, returning fluent in German. In 1890 he went to Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, obtaining his bachelor’s degree in the modern languages tripos in 1893. In 1899 he married Agnes Ford from Edinburgh and they had a son and two daughters.
Career.
Phillipps’ first employment was as a teacher of German at Fettes College in Edinburgh. While there he wrote a text-book, "A Short Sketch of German Literature for Schools", published in 1895. He left Fettes in 1905, deciding to opt for a career in the law. In 1907 he was called to the Bar at Lincoln’s Inn and practised as a member of the Northern Circuit. From 1915 he served as a Justice of the Peace in Kent and became Vice-Chairman of the Bench in 1931. He was Chairman of the West Kent Quarter Sessions between 1933 and 1945.
Politics.
Parliamentary candidate.
A convinced Liberal, Phillipps first tried to enter Parliament at Blackpool in 1906 and then at Maidstone in both the January and December 1910 general elections. In 1918 he was the Liberal candidate at Rochdale but as a supporter of H H Asquith he was not a recipient of the Lloyd George Coalition Government coupon which went instead to his Conservative opponent Alfred Law, who won with a healthy majority of 7,847 votes.
Political secretary.
Between 1912 and 1916, Phillipps was appointed to be private secretary to Thomas McKinnon Wood, the Scottish Secretary. He continued briefly in that post under Wood’s successor Harold Tennant. Tennant was the brother of Margot Asquith (née Tennant), the wife of the prime minister. When Asquith was replaced as prime minister by Lloyd George in December 1916, he asked Phillipps to become his private secretary, a post he held between 1917 and 1922. He gained a reputation at this time as being the most implacable opponent of Lloyd George of the circle around Asquith.
Member of Parliament.
Phillipps finally managed to enter the House of Commons at the 1922 general election for the constituency of Edinburgh West. In a straight fight with the sitting Conservative Member of Parliament John Gordon Jameson, Phillipps won the seat, albeit by the narrow margin of 666 votes. He held the seat at the 1923 general election this time in a three-cornered contest with Tory and Labour opponents, increasing his majority to 2,232, when some commentators had forecast he would lose.
Liberal Whip.
After the 1922 general election, there were a number of attempts to bring about the reunion of the Asquith and Lloyd George factions within the Liberal Party.) Asquith was by now back in the House of Commons having won a by-election at Paisley in 1920 but he and Lloyd George were initially cool on the possibility of reunion The problem of reunion spilled over into internal party appointments. In 1919, Asquith had selected George Rennie Thorne, the MP for Wolverhampton East as his Chief Whip. Asquith was not in Parliament at this time and the remaining independent Liberals wanted James Myles Hogge as Whip, so Asquith appointed him to be Thorne’s colleague. Thorne resigned in 1923 and Asquith took the opportunity to replace Hogge as well, immediately appointing Phillipps to the post of Chief Whip, even though as a newly elected MP he was inexperienced in Parliamentary terms. Moreover Phillipps was known to be totally committed to his old chief and was perhaps not the right choice to lead the negotiations between the rival wings of the party as they struggled to come to an accommodation and towards an eventual reunion. Or perhaps he was exactly what Asquith and the official party wanted. One historian comments that the appointment of Phillipps underlined the reluctance of the official Liberals to renew their connection with the former prime minister while another suggests that Asquith sacked Hogge and deliberately appointed Phillipps in order to thwart reunion at that time. The 1923 general election helped the situation, as it was called on the issue of protectionism and tariff reform by prime minister Stanley Baldwin and Liberals of all shades were able to come together in support of the traditional policy of free trade. However, there were other issues to be resolved before formal reunion could be achieved, notably the question of access for the former independent Liberals to monies in the Lloyd George fund, the sizeable treasure chest which he had amassed over the years including by the sale of honours during his time in 10 Downing Street. Further difficulties emerged with the formation of the first Labour government in January 1924. The Liberals, who held the Balance of power in the House of Commons agreed to allow Labour to take office, causing further disagreements within the party. Phillipps, as Chief Whip, had to issue a statement at one point officially denying a split between Asquith and Lloyd George on the question of turning out the Baldwin government. On occasions the party’s MPs were split in Parliamentary votes and it was a disastrous miscalculation on a Liberal amendment to a Conservative censure motion on the Campbell case which actually led to the downfall of the government against Liberal wishes. Phillipps presided over all this as Chief Whip.
1924 General Election.
Like so many other Liberal MPs, Phillipps was unable to overcome the swing to the right which occurred at the 1924 general election. The electorate was coming to see the political system as a left-right battle between the principal challengers on those wings of British politics, Labour and Conservative. There was little room for the Liberals in a system which discriminated against third parties and in a tight three-way contest in Edinburgh West Phillipps lost his seat to the Conservatives. Overall the Liberal Party's Parliamentary strength was reduced to 40 seats. Phillipps stood again in Edinburgh West at the 1929 general election but found himself out of step again with Lloyd George over the issue of reducing unemployment by state intervention. The impression given to the electorate was of a still divided Liberal Party. It was again a reasonably close three-cornered contest but Phillipps came third and he decided not to try for re-election Parliament again.
Other political and public appointments.
Phillipps served as Chairman of the Liberal Party Organisation from 1925–27 and was one of the secretaries to the Liberal Council These appointments proved difficult for Phillipps because Asquith was out of the House of Commons again after losing Paisley in 1924 and agreed to go to the House of Lords in 1925, playing a diminishing role in the party, eventually resigning as leader in 1926. Lloyd George assumed the leadership. Questions of money and organisation proved onerous. Phillipps chaired a fund raising initiative called the ‘Million Fighting Fund’ but the appeal was a disaster and he was forced to resign from the party’s Administrative Committee. The Liberal Council was set up by Phillipps and a number of other distinguished Liberals with the object of rallying those party members who opposed Lloyd George and his money and to supply sympathetic constituency associations with speakers, literature and candidates. Phillipps never overcame his distrust of Lloyd George and his enmity towards him. When Conservative newspapers began trying to uncover damaging information about the Lloyd George Fund and the sale of honours Phillipps was one of their prime sources.
Less controversially perhaps, Phillipps was a member of the West Kent Unemployment Appeal Tribunal, 1934–40 and the Kent Agricultural Wages Committee, 1935–40. He also served on the Board of Visitors at Maidstone Convict Prison.
Autobiography.
In 1943 Phillipps published his autobiography "My Days and Ways"; published by Pillans & Wilson of Edinburgh and printed "for private circulation". Douglas has described it as a “useful record to how matters looked to a devoted Asquithian”.
Death.
Phillipps died at his home at Upper Kennards, Leigh, Kent near Tonbridge in Kent on 16 January 1955 aged 84.

</doc>
<doc id="20615372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615372" title="IHF Certificate of Merit">
IHF Certificate of Merit

The IHF Certificate of Merit is awarded to individuals working outside the International Handball Federation in recognition of their particular contribution to promoting the sport of handball.
The Certificate of Merit is a document signed by the IHF President. The recipient is selected by the Council at the recommendation of the Executive Committee and the certificate is awarded by the IHF President or his representative.

</doc>
<doc id="20615395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615395" title="IHF Plaque of Merit">
IHF Plaque of Merit

The Plaque of Merit is awarded to institutions and organisations outside the IHF. 
Levels.
There are two levels: gold and silver.
Gold Plaque of Merit.
The Plaque of Merit in Gold recognises above-average services, over many years, to the development of handball and/or in association with the IHF.
Silver Plaque of Merit.
The Plaque of Merit in Silver is awarded for particular contributions to the development of handball and/or in association with the IHF.
Award.
The recipients are selected and the plaques awarded by the Council. The Executive Committee, the Council, the continental federations and member federations are all entitled to suggest recipients for the awards.
Further Readings.
IHF Statuts Chapter XXI - Regulations of Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20615397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615397" title="Theron Hale">
Theron Hale

Theron Hale (1883 — January 29, 1954) was an American old-time fiddle and banjo player. He was a member of the Grand Ole Opry in the late 1920s and 1930s, and is often remembered as a more laid back and sedate alternative to the raucous dance and "hoedown" music that dominated the Opry in its early days. Hale continued playing and recording until the late 1940s, often accompanied by Opry guitarist Sam McGee. 
Hale was born in Pikeville, Tennessee in 1883. He lived in Iowa for several years before moving to Nashville to work as a farmer and salesman. Hale first gained regional fame as a banjo player in the early 1900s, and taught the instrument to Chattanooga banjoist Homer Davenport. He joined the Grand Ole Opry (then called the WSM "Barn Dance") in 1926. While he played both banjo and fiddle throughout his career, he only made recordings as a fiddle player. Hale's group "Theron Hale and Daughters"— which consisted of Hale on fiddle, Hale's daughter Elizabeth on piano, and daughter Mamie Ruth on either second fiddle or mandolin— recorded several tracks in 1928 and played regularly throughout the 1930s. The group dissolved after Mamie Ruth left in the late 1930s, although Theron continued playing informally throughout the following decade. Around 1948, Hale paired up with Opry guitarist Sam McGee to make several recordings for the Tennessee State Extension Project, which was promoting traditional square dancing music.
Unlike most Opry acts of the day, Hale preferred slow, traditional "twin fiddle" sets rather than dance music. Perhaps Hale's most well-known recording is "Hale's Rag," which was derived from a Charles L. Johnson composition. His repertoire also included "Jolly Blacksmith," which he recorded with his daughters in 1928, and "Fire in the Mountain," which he recorded with Sam McGee in the late 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="20615407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615407" title="Schweinfurt Hauptbahnhof">
Schweinfurt Hauptbahnhof

Schweinfurt Hauptbahnhof is the largest railway station in the Lower Franconian city of Schweinfurt and its transfer hub to the majority of regional buses. In addition to the Hauptbahnhof, the Schweinfurt Mitte (Schweinfurt Central) and Schweinfurt Stadt (Schweinfurt Town) stations also lie within the city, closer to the centre, on the Bamberg–Würzburg railway.
Importance.
The station is no longer served by long-distance traffic since the introduction of the Interregio line from Stuttgart via Würzburg and Schweinfurt to Erfurt in 2001. It still has an important role, however, in regional and local rail services.
There are currently passenger services on the following lines:
On the single-tracked branch line Kitzingen–Schweinfurt there is still goods traffic between Gochsheim and Schweinfurt, the rest of the line to Kitzingen-Etwashausen is unused.
Links to regional and local services.
Schweinfurt Hauptbahnhof is embedded in the Deutsche Bahn network as shown below (as at: 2006/2007 timetable):
Schweinfurt Hbf is a timetable hub ("Taktknoten"), i.e. every hour on the hour trains arrive on the three main lines and depart shortly after the hour again. Included in this system are the three Regional-Express links and the trains of EIB Line 4. There is an hourly service to Würzburg and Bamberg which is achieved by overlapping the two RE lines, and on the routes to Bad Kissingen and Meiningen/Erfurt there is also an hourly service which alternates between RE and EIB trains. On the Würzburg–Bamberg route the frequency of RE trains is supplemented by the use of RegionalBahn services; likewise the EIB Linie 5 Schweinfurt–Gemünden (Main), bolsters the section to Bad Kissingen.
Infrastructure.
Station building.
The station building at Schweinfurt Hauptbahnhof is on the north side of the tracks. After the original building had been destroyed by bomb attacks in the Second World War, a modern, functional building was erected after the war in the style of the 1950s. The two-storey building houses a Deutsche Bahn travel centre ("ReiseZentrum"), toilets, lockers and several shops.
Traffic station.
The station has five through platforms for passengers. Two bay platforms directly in front of the station building are no longer needed for scheduled services since trains from Bad Kissingen and Meiningen now pass through the Hauptbahnhof and stop at the more centrally-sited Schweinfurt Stadt station. All platforms have a height of 38 cm and are accessed by flights of stairs from an underpass.

</doc>
<doc id="20615416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615416" title="Fol-de-Rol">
Fol-de-Rol

Fol-de-Rol is a prime-time family variety special in the USA that was set at a medieval fair, produced by Sid and Marty Krofft and based on their 1968 live puppet show. It was broadcast by ABC on February 27, 1972. It was directed by Tony Charmoli and scripted by David Robison, Les Pine, Jerry Mayer and Dennis Kleinhole.
Plot.
The special consists of a series of vignettes loosely tied together by the setting of a Renaissance fair. Howard Cosell narrates the story of Noah's Flood (Mickey Rooney); Ricky Nelson plays a singing minstrel performing the song He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother, a hit by the band The Hollies; Cyd Charisse performs a butterfly dance; Ann Sothern watches over proceedings as The Queen. Other songs performed are Classical Gas, composed by Mason Williams; Yma Sumac sings an unknown song. The show's ensemble performs Joy to the World (Three Dog Night song), (composed by Hoyt Axton). An instrumental here, as originally composed, Classical Gas (composed by Mason Williams) is played over the ensemble dancers.

</doc>
<doc id="20615430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615430" title="Sorel (horse)">
Sorel (horse)

Sorel ("sorrel") is the warhorse of Gerin, one of the Twelve Peers in the French epic, "The Song of Roland". Sorel is mentioned in laisse 108 of the poem.

</doc>
<doc id="20615439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615439" title="RAF Lissett">
RAF Lissett

Royal Air Force Station Lissett or more simply RAF Lissett is a former Royal Air Force station located south west of Bridlington, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
History.
Originally required as satellite airfield for RAF Catfoss the land was requisitioned in 1940. Although constrained by three roads and the Gransmoor Drain the builders constructed a standard three-runway bomber airfield. It had two hangars and 36 dispersals and three concrete runways.
Lissett opened in February 1943 and No. 158 Squadron RAF arrived from RAF Rufforth to be the resident squadron on 28 February. 158 Sqn was a heavy bomber squadron equipped with the four-engined Handley Page Halifax. The squadron flew the first operational mission on the night of 11/12 March 1943 when ten aircraft were flown to Stuttgart, one failed to return. The squadron carried out operations up to the end of the war from Lissett. At the end of war in May 1945 the squadron was transferred to Transport Command as it prepared to undertook a transport role and the squadron was re-equipped with the Short Stirling before it departed to RAF Stradishall in August 1945.
Apart from a few weeks in early 1944 when 1484 Flight were in residence the station unusually was a one unit station. After the departure of 158 Squadron the station was relegated to a care and maintenance status but by the end of the year the airfield was abandoned and the technical areas used for storage.
Current use.
In December 2008 a 30 MW wind farm housing 12 turbines (Nordex N90's) each around high was constructed across the western end of the airfield. A memorial sculpture to 158 Squadron in the form of seven airmen has been erected to the memory of the 851 airmen who did not return from operations at the airfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20615453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615453" title="City Lights Align">
City Lights Align

City Lights Align is the first solo album by Canadian musician Wayne Petti, released 13 March 2007. The album was released by Outside Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20615489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615489" title="1999 Toronto Rock season">
1999 Toronto Rock season

The Toronto Rock are a lacrosse team based in Toronto playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 1999 season was the 2nd in franchise history and 1st time as "the Rock".
The Rock finished on top of the NLL standings, winning its first division in franchise history. The Rock beat the Philadelphia Wings in the semifinals, to advance to the championship game. Their victory over the Rochester Knighthawks in this game gave them their first NLL championship.
Regular season.
Game log.
The 1999 Regular Season games are listed below.
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference: 
Player stats.
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"

</doc>
<doc id="20615495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615495" title="Passecerf">
Passecerf

Passecerf, or Passëcerf, ("stag-beater") is the warhorse of Gerier, one of the Twelve Peers in the French epic, "The Song of Roland". Passecerf is mentioned in laisse 108 of the poem.

</doc>
<doc id="20615514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615514" title="The Palominos">
The Palominos

The Palominos are a band that play honky tonk and country music from country's golden era, the late 1950s through the mid '60s. The band was formed in San Diego, California in 2006 and its members currently include Lance Hawkins on vocals and rhythm guitar, James Zurek on bass, Thomas Zurek on lead guitar and Craig Packham on drums.
With vintage instruments and classic presentation, The Palominos bring to life the vintage sound of country's golden era. 
In 2007 The Palominos recorded at Soil of the South studios with Mark Neil who also has recorded Big Sandy & His Fly-Rite Boys, The Black Keys and the Old 97's among others. 
The Palominos still play and tour the US on a regular basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20615521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615521" title="Old Etonians (disambiguation)">
Old Etonians (disambiguation)

Old Etonians are past students of Eton College.
Old Etonians may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20615543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615543" title="Results of the 2004 Sri Lankan general election by electoral district">
Results of the 2004 Sri Lankan general election by electoral district

Results of the 2004 Sri Lankan general election by electoral district.
See also.
Results of the 2004 Sri Lankan general election by province

</doc>
<doc id="20615561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615561" title="Lewis H. Brown (American football)">
Lewis H. Brown (American football)

Lewis H. Brown (1909-?) was a quarterback for the Nebraska Cornhuskers from 1929 to 1931, while playing for coach Dana X. Bible. Brown lettered in 1930 and 1931, and started at quarterback in 1931. That season, he led the Cornhuskers to an 8-2 record, and an undefeated Big Six record and conference title. 
A native of Wisner, Nebraska, Brown wore jersey #17 throughout his Cornhusker career, and was the first of three Wisner High School graduates to star at Nebraska in the 1930s. His cousin, Jerry LaNoue, would follow Brown to Nebraska, where he would earn All Big Six honors at quarterback; in turn, it was LaNoue who encouraged fellow Wisner native Warren Alfson to become a Cornhusker football player. Alfson ultimately earned All-America recognition as a guard in 1940. 
Like Alfson and LaNoue, Brown worked for some time in order to save enough money to attend Nebraska. 
Brown had never played an organized game of football until joining the Cornhuskers, as Wisner High did not field a football team while he attended the school. Wisner briefly fielded a team following Brown's graduation, but they failed to achieve a winning season. Despite Brown's field success, Wisner High School soon dropped football again after his Cornhusker career was finished. However, Brown achieved significant success as a Wisner High basketball player--in fact, he was a starter on the Bulldogs' 1923 state champion team as an eighth grade student, despite not being old enough to legally play. So, he was the only Wisner student to letter five times in a varsity sport.
According to Cornhusker records, Brown also lettered in baseball for Nebraska in 1930 and 1931. Soon after graduating from UNL, Brown relocated to California, and was still a resident there according to Wisner High alumni records in 1960. 

</doc>
<doc id="20615565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615565" title="Trust management (managerial science)">
Trust management (managerial science)

Trust management (management by trust, management through trust) can be conceptualized in two ways. First, as a process by which individual A becomes trustworthy for other individuals. This trust is significant criterion of success and survival because it makes individuals to collaborate with individual A. It is not rare when part of the people try to build fake image of their own reliability because of e.g. personal benefits. Second, as a process of assessing the reliability of other individuals, which is as much important as process of building A’s own reliability. Taking together these two aspects we can formulate the following definition of trust management (Grudzewski, Hejduk, Sankowska, Wańtuchowicz, 2008):
“the activities of creating systems and methods that allow relying parties to:
Trust is a container concept used in a broad variety of disciplines. Much work has been done in the field of psychology, sociology, economics, political sciences, philosophy, anthropology and management sciences. Above definition is a milestone in management sciences. Yet one can barely speak of coherent research in the field of trust and trust management.
For trust management defined above, there are some crucial assumptions as follows:
The essence of trust management is not to trust but to decide to what extent we can trust and how to develop and create trust relationships.
When we are in the situation of trust deficit which causes a climate of resignation, consternation and makes it hard to concentrate on agreed targets, a man naturally tends to limit mentioned above effects. It is conducted in the process of uncertainty reduction and creating substitutes of trust (Sztompka, 1998, 2007). These equivalents of trust are as follows:
Trust management needs to be put in practice. The strategy that leads to this is trust building. The rules of trust creation refer to rules and guidelines which have a far- reaching influence on the formation and development of trust. Trust building is the kind of the management strategy because it is strongly focused not only on the present, but first of all on the future cooperation. The 18 rules of trust building are as follows:
The level of trust determines not only our individual development, but above everything else it fosters the social and economic evolution of the whole communities. Therefore, trust management is the best solution to develop. However, it is possible only when we act in the atmosphere of trust where trust culture in commonly acceptable and required by every member of the society.
Trust culture stands for disseminated in society rules which oblige every citizen to treat trust and trustworthiness as common shared values. In this culture well-rooted norm is to redeem the obligations, be honest, open to collaborate with others. Trust culture negates the existence of corruption.
Culture of trust is helpful in insecure and unorganized situations (Bjerke, 1999). Trust can be recognized as the strategy of dealing with uncertainty. Distrust culture is based on cynicism, disorder, corruption, exploiting others, deceiving, great care. In order to function in distrust culture there are implemented various formal legal remedies.
Trust has focal meaning for the success of every transaction. It stimulates the human activities. In countries with trust culture there is higher social well-being and economic growth (Fukuyama 1995). In distrust culture those who trust in others are believed to be naive and simple-minded and they are the victims of unfair transactions. Cynicism limits the collaboration, the freedom of activity, destroys communication and divides people. Trust is depreciated.
Building trust has special meaning for social capital. According to Putnam trust is one of elements constituting social capital, together with norms and networks. Without this capital there is impossible the economical and social growth and building capitalism and democracy. Citizens need to have the feeling that they influence state affairs and live in the country characterized by culture of trust. Fukuyama, American politician, economist and political philosopher brought forward the issue of trust and social capital in his famous book entitled Trust: The Social Virtues and the Creation of Prosperity. New York: Free Press, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20615575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615575" title="Holy Cross College, Strabane">
Holy Cross College, Strabane

Holy Cross College, Strabane (Irish: "Coláiste na Croise Naofa, An Srath Bán") is a co-ed bilateral school in Strabane, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It contains over 1500 pupils and over 90 members of staff.
History.
Holy Cross College was created in 2003 with the amalgamation of Strabane's three Catholic post-primary schools, the Convent Grammar School, St Colman's High School and Our Lady of Mercy High School. Maria Doherty took the job of principal after Christmas 2008 when the college's first principal, Sean Bradley, retired.
Campus.
The new campus for Holy Cross College opened on September 1, 2008. 
Facilities.
Holy Cross College has an all-weather pitch, two grass pitches, five tennis courts, two gymnasia and a sports hall. The actual school itself has over 100 classrooms each able to hold 30 or more pupils. Every year it takes in more than 250 pupils. Its largest ever intake of pupils was in the year 2010 when the school took 297 pupils. The school car park can hold around 100 cars.

</doc>
<doc id="20615587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615587" title="Tachëbrun">
Tachëbrun

Tachëbrun ("brownspot") is the warhorse of Ganelon, the treacherous paladin in the French epic, "The Song of Roland". Tachëbrun is mentioned in laisse 27 of the poem.

</doc>
<doc id="20615595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615595" title="HM Prison Lowdham Grange">
HM Prison Lowdham Grange

HM Prison Lowdham Grange is a Category B men's private prison, located in the village of Lowdham (near Nottingham) in Nottinghamshire, England. The prison is operated by the Serco Group.
History.
Lowdham Grange Prison was opened as a privately financed, constructed and managed prison in 1998. Soon after the jail opening, it emerged that one of Lowdham Grange's new prisoner custody officers had previously been employed as a security guard for the gangster Reggie Kray. The officer subsequently resigned from his post at the prison. 
In 2004, the National Audit Office praised the prison as one of seven prisons providing exceptionally good value. However, Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons carried out an inspection of Lowdham Grange in March 2004 and reported that though the prison was well managed, "100 prisoners on average were not busy enough" in employment or education. Low staffing levels were also identified as a problem at the jail, though inspectors stated that the prison did have control of its prisoners.
In August 2005 Lowdham Grange's Board of Visitors reported an increase in violent behaviour amongst inmates. There was also an increase in drugs found at the prison. However the Board claimed that Lowdham Grange was "doing better overall than the Prison Service strictly requires." 
In June 2006 a prisoner serving 10 years for burglary escaped from Lowdham Grange by hiding in a shipment of chef hats, which are manufactured in the prison's workshop.
The Chief Inspector of Prisons carried out an un-announced inspection of Lowdham Grange in 2008. The Inspectorate noted that the prison had much improved, and was well managed. However the prison was also told to do more to improve work opportunities for inmates, improve resettlement services for prisoners leaving custody, and set up an accredited drug treatment programme for inmates. 
In May 2008 it was announced that the Lowdham Grange Prison is to be expanded by more than a third. The £52 million project, expected to complete in 2010, will create 260 more cells, a two-storey activities building, as well as the expansion and refurbishment of prisons existing buildings.
In September 2009, Lowdham Grange Prison was awarded Level Four status by the National Offender Management Service for exceptional delivery.
The prison today.
Lowdham Grange is a Category B closed training prison for adult males serving both determinate and non-determinate sentences (IPP). Accommodation at the prison consists mainly of single occupancy cells, with some double cells. Some cells have en-suite shower facilities.
The prison offers workshops, education and training for inmates in areas such as bricklaying, plumbing, electronics, painting and decorating and industrial cleaning. All work and training programmes can lead to NVQ qualifications in related fields.
There is a Visitor Centre outside the main gate at Lowdham Grange. There are limited refreshment facilities available in the Visits Hall inside the prison. Both the Visitor Centre and Visits Hall have full access for disabled visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20615597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615597" title="On His Blindness">
On His Blindness

On His Blindness is one of the best known of the sonnets of John Milton. The last three lines (concluding with "They also serve who only stand and wait.") are particularly well known, though rarely in context.
The poem may have been written as early as 1652, although most scholars believe it was composed sometime between June and October 1655, when Milton's blindness was essentially complete.
Meaning.
When Milton mentions "that one talent which is death to hide" he is specifically alluding to the parable of the talents in the Gospel of Matthew.
Structure.
The poem is an Italian Sonnet. The rhyming scheme is abba, abba, cde, cde. The poem can be divided into two parts, first one being an Octave and the other a Sestet.

</doc>
<doc id="20615610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615610" title="Trewen">
Trewen

Trewen () is a hamlet and a civil parish in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom The parish is just east of Bodmin Moor in the River Inny valley and lies in the Registration District of Launceston.
Trewen parish is bounded to the north by Egloskerry parish, to the east by St Thomas-by-Launceston, to the south by South Petherwin and to the west by Altarnun and Laneast parishes. The population of Trewen parish in the 2001 census was 134.
The hamlet of Trewen is situated 5 miles (8 km) west of Launceston. The parish church of St Michael is in the village at . The little church has a bellcote rather than a tower. "The church is an ancient granite building in the Early Perpendicular style, which was restored in 1863/1864; it comprises a chancel, nave, and north aisle". The font is Norman, square and plain. The only other hamlet in the parish of Trewen is Piper's Pool which straddles the A395 road.

</doc>
<doc id="20615641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615641" title="Philip F. Gura">
Philip F. Gura

Philip F. Gura (born June 14, 1950) is an American scholar, writer, editor, and educator. He currently serves as William S. Newman Distinguished Professor of American Literature and Culture at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he holds appointments in the Departments of English and Comparative Literature, Religious Studies, and American Studies.
Gura was born in Ware, Massachusetts. A graduate of Phillips Academy (1968), he received his A.B., "magna cum laude", in History and Literature in 1972 from Harvard College, and his Ph.D., in the History of American Civilization in 1977, from Harvard University, where he lived in Lowell House. 
He is the author or editor of twelve books, including "The Wisdom of Words: Language, Theology, and Literature in the New England Renaissance" (1981), "A Glimpse of Sion's Glory: Puritan Radicalism in New England, 1620-1660" (1984), the prize-winning "America's Instrument: The Banjo in the 19th Century" (1999), "Buried from the World: Inside the Massachusetts State Prison, 1829–1831" (2001), "C. F. Martin and His Guitars, 1796-1873" (2003), "Jonathan Edwards: America’s Evangelical" (2005), "American Transcendentalism: A History" (2007), which was a National Book Critics Circle Award finalist in non-fiction, "The American Antiquarian Society, 1812-2012: A Bicentennial History" (2012), "Truth's Ragged Edge: The Rise of the American Novel" (2013), and "Jonathan Edwards: Writings from the Great Awakening" (2013). Some of his essays, which number over fifty, have been collected in "The Crossroads of American History and Literature" (1996). He also serves as an editor for the "Norton Anthology of American Literature". 
Gura is an elected member of the American Antiquarian Society, the Massachusetts Historical Society, the Colonial Society of Massachusetts, and the Society of American Historians. In 2008, the Division on American Literature to 1800 of the Modern Language Association honored him with its Distinguished Scholar award.
He plays the clawhammer banjo in a traditional Appalachian style, known as "old-time."

</doc>
<doc id="20615644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615644" title="Thomas Tomkinson">
Thomas Tomkinson

Thomas Tomkinson (1631–1710) was an English Muggletonian writer born at Ilam, near Dovedale, in Staffordshire. His parents, Richard and Ann, farmed at Sladehouse and Thomas took over the business as a yeoman farmer even while his father was alive. His faith was initially Presbyterian but in 1661 he read a book by Laurence Clarkson (presumably "The Lost Sheep Found") and became attracted to Muggletonianism. Earlier, in February 1652, he had had a revelatory experience similar to the one Lodowicke Muggleton reported in 1650 but without any experience of the direct voice of God which had come to John Reeve and which was the foundation experience of Muggletonianism. Since John Reeve died in 1658, these dates mean that Tomkinson was one of the first prominent Muggletonian personalities not to have known Reeve personally.
Life.
Tomkinson visited London and met Lodowicke Muggleton on Mayday 1662. He returned to Staffordshire and married, Ann, shortly afterwards. He converted a sizable number of family, friends and neighbours to the new faith, enough to make himself a nuisance to the parish authorities. He said he managed to keep the peace only "through a little money and friendship". On December 9, 1664 he was blessed by Lodowicke Muggleton. In 1674 he found himself in serious trouble on account of his beliefs and, to evade arrest, contemplated emigrating to New England but was talked out of it by Muggleton.
Around 1680 he moved permanently to London. It is unclear how he made his living. Part of the time he followed Muggleton's trade of tailoring but he also had plans to wholesale cheese and butter in the capital. He still signed his writings, however, as from Sladehouse. On July 10, 1684, Thomas and Ann's daughter, Anne, was blessed by Lodowicke Muggleton.
Lodowicke Muggleton died in 1698 and Tomkinson is credited by Professor Lamont as "the man who prevented the religion from imploding after Muggleton's death" which is what Muggleton himself thought would happen. He is thus crucial to how a small sect survived. Tomkinson was Muggleton's literary executor, preparing and editing Muggleton's autobiographical "Acts of the Witnesses" leaving out some of the more contested astronomical assertions. Tomkinson is quite open in his introduction as to the deletions he made.
Thomas Tomkinson died in London in 1710 and was succeeded as unofficial leader of the Muggletonians by Arden Bonell (? - 1746)
Ideas.
Tomkinson's conversion experience had been a difficult one. "What a great deal of pain to please the unsatisfied fancy of one particular man," Muggleton had grumbled. Tomkinson had been attracted to Muggletonianism by the radical humanity of their God. Every Muggletonian agreed God was the man Christ Jesus; necessarily and sufficiently. One of Tomkinson's subsequent books was called "None but Christ". But it mattered intensely to him that Christ had not known of his divinity whilst on this earth, else his humanity was inauthentic. John Reeve had inclined to think Christ had awareness, at least at some stage. But, "Mr Clarkson in his "Wonder of Wonders" said he did not know himself to be the only God." Muggleton affected sagely indifference. For Tomkinson, Christ had lived, died and lain in a grave for three days entirely as a man. By what power, then, did this man ascend to heaven? There has to be an answer else the crucifixion is the final death of God: indeed, God's suicide. The standard Muggletonian reply is that during Christ's sojourn on earth, the affairs of heaven were managed by Elijah (perhaps in partnership with Moses and Enoch). Elijah had temporary control of God's prerogative power, easily adequate to a resurrection and glorious return. Such a view seems to fit nicely with the transfiguration story. It also explains the crowd at the crucifixion crying out, "Behold, he calleth Elias." But the monotheism of the whole enterprise is dangerously compromised. On one hand, there is a God in the form of the man Christ Jesus. On the other hand, there is a man Elijah, directly translated to heaven without death, capable of exercising God's full prerogative power. Where remains the dividing line between creator and created? 
Tomkinson's most original contribution to Muggletonian belief was to adapt the theory of 'the seed of the serpent and the seed of the woman', which John Reeve had expounded in A Divine Looking-Glass, to produce a doctrine of predestination that avoided the perceived pessimism of Calvin's model. Muggletonians felt Calvin portrayed God as a kind of capricious tyrant because Calvinism allowed only for 'one seed' which rendered the whole of humanity abject. Tomkinson also toned down Muggleton's implacable hostility to reason, accepting that reason had its uses in everyday life but was no substitute for faith. The term 'sober reason' was coined to imply reason subordinated to faith.
Tomkinson's most lasting contribution may have been to stress that there was no dividing line between the ideas of Lodowicke Muggleton and those of John Reeve. This topic was a source of splits and dissent amongst Muggletonians, some believing that Muggleton, alone, had insisted that God took no immediate notice of everyday human activities.
Tomkinson is perhaps the first Muggletonian intellectual. At least, one of the first influenced by the wider history of ideas. His writings are profusely illustrated by references to classical authors, church fathers, and western philosophers. Muggleton himself was probably well-read but made a point of relying on a mix of scriptural quotation and plain common-sense, which he felt to be the key to avoiding the opposing traps of scriptural literalism and the imaginings of reason.
"A Practical Discourse upon the General Epistle by Jude".
Tomkinson's most important work from the sect's perspective was "A Practical Discourse upon the General Epistle by Jude". This was probably the last book Tomkinson wrote and he did so at the request of William Hall, a Derbyshire Muggletonian. Although only a short work of 25 verses, the Epistle of Jude was of disproportionate significance to Muggletonians. Its darkly poetic language seemed to give scriptural support to important Muggletonian ideas. 
Tomkinson uses his own book to promote a doctrine of election. He attacks, on one hand, the possibility of universal grace and, on the other, the belief that one can be saved by one's own efforts. He argues that people who hold to these views end up presuming to judge God by human standards. Besides, he suspects that those driven to deny election are motivated by fears for their own status. Only faith saves. "The world's faith is grounded upon tradition." God gave faith only once in the age of innocence. "There is no new faith given but the old awakened."
Those who die in faith do so with the assurance that, after the sleep of the grave, they will enjoy resurrection in both body and soul, in a new glorified condition. Those who lack this assurance, die in fear that their lot will be 'a second death'. We know this because Enoch taught it.
Using Jude's language, he likens the preachers of the established churches to wandering stars. They "shall always be learning but never come to the knowledge of the truth". 
What about those who, in the time of the Third Commission, do not accept that faith but who, nevertheless, try to live lives of innocency? Will they be saved? Tomkinson thinks not. Their sincerity is matched by their spiritual ineffectualness because they cannot let go the apparent security and worldly attractions of reason. Ultimately, the seed of reason triumphs over the seed of faith in them and they go down. And to what a shuddering fate! At the end of time, those left behind on this abandoned earth "in which darkness they shall hear one another's doleful cries and cursed blasphemies, but shall never see one another's dreadful faces; neither can they stir from the place of their resurrection having bodies as heavy as lead and as black as pitch." Thus, then and now, hell is an accusing conscience.
"The Muggletonian Principles Prevailing".
Only two of Tomkinson's books were printed during his lifetime. One, "The Muggletonian Principles Prevailing", printed 1695, is a reply to Dr John Williams' anonymous pamphlet called "A true representation of the absurd and mischievous principles of the sect called Muggletonians" (1694). It is interesting Dr Williams felt the Muggletonians worthy of notice. He makes individual, scriptural objections rather than a sustained critique. Most of the points had already been raked over in the disputes between Muggleton and the Quakers, so Tomkinson follows Muggleton's lead in the main. 
Dr Williams has most success with the Book of Revelation. He wants to know why John Reeve says one reprobate angel fell when scripture says many such angels fell. This matters: it is central to Muggletonianism that one angel was cast from heaven to earth to impregnate Eve (and to perish in the process) thus causing Cain to be the first offspring of the 'seed of the serpent' and for the perpetuation of evil to take place on our earth. However, Revelation 12:9 says, "that old serpent called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth and his angels were cast out with him". Tomkinson simply denies any 'rebellion in heaven' as described in Revelation 12:7 Such angels, he says, are merely Cain's offspring on this earth. But Tomkinson cannot summon the insouciance one might have expected Muggleton to have wielded at this point. For Muggleton, Williams would have been a misguided 'literalist' who, besotted with reason, failed to read Revelation in the manner appropriate to the last days. 
However, Dr Williams could have driven his point about Revelation a lot further. Professor Lamont shows that neither Reeve nor Muggleton ever really got to grips with the question of how they knew they were the Two Witnesses of Revelation 11:3. God, when he spoke to Reeve, did not tell him so. The best Muggleton could do was to say that he and Reeve had defeated John Robins, that Robins was clearly the anti-Christ and that it was the job of the Witnesses to destroy the anti-Christ. Thus, Reeve and Muggleton must be the Two Witnesses. 
Perhaps inevitably, Dr Williams questions the Muggletonians' professed power to curse and to bless. Here, Tomkinson strikes out on his own saying that this is none other than the gospel power to bind and to loose. Muggleton might have put the emphasis differently - with one eye on the legal code. Muggleton had never been tried in court for cursing even though The Blasphemy Act 1650 had criminalised it. But Muggleton knew there never was any law against simply saying a man is damned. So, Muggletonians pronounced sentence upon reprobates whose behaviour clearly showed the seed of the serpent at work within them. It was this seed within which caused their damnation. The sentence was merely stating the obvious.
"A System of Religion".
This book has seven topics
The anonymous preface, presumably from 1729, says that Thomas Tomkinson's aim is to show the Muggletonian faith to be systematic and in accord with philosophical empiricism. His target is atheism, not other Christians. He says he will employ "mere faith" and the plain-sense meaning of scripture (which the 'atheistic enthusiast' is unlikely to accept anyway) scorning to employ reason "though it would make for his purpose." The modern reader may be disappointed that Tomkinson never engages with the arguments of Thomas Hobbes but sticks to preaching to the converted.
His first two topics, Christ the one God, and The Nature of the Trinity, can be taken together. Tomkinson starts from the monotheism of the Holy One of Israel who will not give his glory to another. Only that way can God derive his perfection from himself. Without that, what sort of God do we have? Meaningful unity of body and spirit is only possible if spirits cannot depart from bodily form. Tomkinson argues that God cannot be an infinite spirit else we would all have something of that spirit within us and there would not "remain an everlasting distinction between the changeable creature and the unchangeable Creator." 
Humans can only describe things in terms derived from their own experience. It would make no sense to ask 'what was before God?' because our experience is a total blank. God has purposes of which we clearly know nothing so, in addition to his gracious side turned towards us, there are other sides which sometimes appear wrathful. To say God is father, son and holy ghost is in the same style as saying a human being is body, soul and spirit "united and knit together". God is not just a trinity but a whole world within himself: a Kingdom or a City and in everything an internal harmony. We, too, on this earth should cherish inner harmony as a foretaste of the paradise which will follow resurrection. God's word is a power and works like a "glorious wheel, that moved him to form living creatures to appear in his sight."
Or, as Tomkinson neatly summarises it, "He that was the seedsman became seed himself."
On his third topic, "The Devil is not a spirit in the air but a lying lustful spirit in the heart" which is well described by the scriptural phrase: 'hardening of the heart'. So, people cannot slough off responsibility for their own sins onto an external tempter. "I tell thee thy sins are begot by thine own intention, hatched in thine own heart, and acted by thine own will; so that thou weavest the web of thine own woe."
The fourth and seventh topics, Resurrection and the Soul, can be taken together. 
Adam's living soul was, in a single essence, the breath of God and the dust of the earth. It is because a soul is always with a body that it is capable of sin. "If you say evil comes by imitation, try it, lock up a child from evil company and see if the seed of its own evil lust and appetites will not bud forth and produce evil." God does not attend the begetting of each new child. Procreation does its own work.
Every person will die the first death of mortality but it is obedience to sin which causes the second, eternal death. Thus "every sin is not unto death" meaning the second death.
On the first death, the saints do not go to heaven but sleep with the fathers in the earth. Lazarus was not called back from heaven but from the grave. In Tomkinson's view it is the false doctrine of the soul leaving the body at death to migrate straight to heaven which is the cause of much foolish martyrdom and suicide. Such false doctrine is zealously promoted by rulers whose self-interest lies in their citizens and soldiers killing and being killed for glory. Tomkinson believes this stems from the pagan notion of Elysium.
No one is judged at the first death else they would be judged twice. He quotes Revelation 20:13&14 "And the sea gave up the dead that were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works. And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death."
We should not think of our resurrection as the 'springing back to life' of our old bodies, but of a quickening of our seed - like the seed corn which rots in the earth yet comes to life anew when its time is due. This has an egalitarian slant to it: no saint will be resurrected except as all saints are resurrected.
The remainder of the book deals with Predestination and the Two Seeds.
Knowledge is an awareness of good and evil. The irony is that we gain an understanding of what we have lost in the process. Because we have all inherited something down the generations from Adam, our situation, although made baleful by our parallel inheritance from Cain, is not hopeless. This mixed process is said to have begun when the sons of Seth took wives from the daughters of evil men. And it is the meaning of "God loved Jacob and hated Esau before they had done either good or evil" which, says Tomkinson, is an example of the impotence of free-will and human desiring, for "The potter hath power over the clay." The choice is God's and cannot be forced. Good works coming to fruition are not the cause of salvation but evidence that the seed of faith is alive and well in a person.
"None but Christ".
"None but Christ" is a huge survey of the whole of scripture designed to show that every divinely-inspired 'personality' from Moses to St Thomas Apostle believed, as Muggletonians believe, that Christ was the Holy One of Israel. Hence its title, "None but Christ". But, if the message of scripture is so clear and unanimous, why had it become such a minority view by Thomas Tomkinson's time? His answer is that, after its first three hundred years of existence, Christianity was absorbed by the state and misused ever since for the state's own purposes. This oppressive situation will continue until the seventh anti-church (Quakers) expires. 
Some readers may find the book obsolete. Its myopic dissection of the text approximates the kind of 'bible literalism' Muggletonians condemn in others. Tomkinson writes at a time when an understanding of the way the text has come down to us was unavailable. It might have been hoped that, with the whole of scripture ranged before him, Tomkinson would have chosen to tackle those texts which seem hardest to square with Muggletonian beliefs. For example, Christ's exorcisms or statements where Trinitarian distinctions are most pronounced. Sadly, he does not. He does little more than introduce some interesting topics, such as whether Isaiah was put to death for proclaiming an embodied God. 
"The Mystery of Faith".
The Mystery of Faith deals with four topics:-
"In the days of the voice of the Seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the Mystery of God shall be finished." Just as God is a mystery, so faith in God is a mystery, too. It is a knowledge of things unseen and thus it is what links us to God because it is that part of our natures which comes from God through Adam and Eve. Faith is an operation of God; let no man glory in manhood. "All is but a tale, dream, or shadow, till faith comes to open the door of the heart." No new faith is given but Adam's old faith is rewakened. 
God does not speak directly to the faithful but through his prophets because they speak with the spirit. This process of renewal had a definite beginning with Ezekiel 11: 19 and with Jeremiah 31:31. It is a new covenant in the form of a law of faith. In this, a new heart replaces the old heart. This old heart was defective because it was always divided between the letter and the spirit. 12 apostles were needed to preach the second commission but a whole tribe of Levi, the first. "So likewise is the old heart given in Levi, which will have the old law of the old tabernacle forms, and multitudes of blind priests must be maintained for their fruitless prayers, outward formalities and simple ninny's." Faith needs few preachers. "This made the prophet Isaiah say, Lord who believes our report: and Elias was alone."
Faith is most marvelous "as it stands still, viewing and beholding." Thus the apostles' faith was their simple wonderment at what Christ said and did. Faith is such that although many behold the same events and hear the same speech, some believe and some don't. "This is turning the world upside down." 
Tomkinson sees the fight against sin to be won by putting into the field proportionate and opposite forces of faith at an early stage. "Many people do err exceedingly by believing that an evil thought do break the law; but the evil thought doth not break the law as well as the evil deed and this belief of theirs occasions much wickedness, for when they conceive they have broken the law ... they upon this let loose the reins of their lust." More serious sins, such as murder, cannot take hold unless preceded by smaller sins like envy and strife. Tomkinson recognises there is such a thing as righteous anger. But it should not lead to vengeance because that belongs to the Lord. "Fret not against evil doers," he says, "to vex other men is only to teach them how to vex you."
Tomkinson's perusal of various sins gives rise to some interesting observations. Riches are to be sought to the extent that the attainment of them takes away the longing for riches. (This might be the Muggletonian motto.) "Pride is the occasion and cause of persecution and oppression" because the proud do scorn all not of their mind. "It is humility that pricks the bladder and lets forth all the puffing wind."
Love and faith go together like body and soul. "Faith is not seen to be faith if love do not shew it." Faith in the heart and conscience is the only acceptable form of worship. "We do not serve God for salvation, but from salvation." There is no need to call on him to save us. 
"Truth's Triumph".
Truth's Triumph is described as Tomkinson's major work. This work was published during Tomkinson's lifetime.
Collected works.
A two volume set called "Tomkinson's Works" was produced by the London Muggletonians at some time between 1873 and 1887. It is similar in style to the three volume set "Miscellaneous Works of Reeve and Muggleton" which was produced by the Frost brothers in 1832 but is less sumptuous being bound in boards and purple cloth, and lacking any special preface. However, like the 1832 set, it is not a new printing, being existing publications trimmed to size and bound more adequately. As a result, volume 1 is not entirely uniform with volume 2, the former being royal octavo, the later octavo.
Manuscripts.
Many of Tomkinson's writings circulated only in manuscript. Copying them out was considered a good way to study them. Not all are now known entire. Other fragmentary writings exist. Those known to have circulated widely are:-

</doc>
<doc id="20615658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615658" title="7th Communication Battalion">
7th Communication Battalion

7th Communication Battalion (7th Comm) is a communications battalion in the United States Marine Corps. 
Mission.
7th Communication Battalion currently supports III Marine Expeditionary Force in order to provide communications for command and control over all exercises conducted throughout the Pacific area of responsibility.
History.
Activated in 1957 at Camp Pendleton, California, the first deployment of the 7th was to Taiwan in 1960, stationed at Kaohsiung. The 7th were deployed to Vietnam on 1 July 1966 to Chu Lai, and assigned to the 1st Marine Division. They participated in the Vietnam War from then until 1969, also operating out of Da Nang. They were briefly reassigned to Okinawa in late 1969, before returning several months later to Vietnam, and serving there until 1972, except for a short break in late 1971 to early 1972.
After Vietnam.
The 7th were deployed to Thailand in May 1972, until 1973 as part of the 3rd Marine Amphibious Task Force. They participated in minesweeping off the North Vietnam coast in early 1973, before aiding in evacuations, and search and rescue in Southeast Asia in 1974–75.
1990s to present.
The battalion participated in support of Operation Desert Storm in Southwest Asia from December 1990 to April 1991. They also participated in Operation Desert Shield, at around the same time. They participated in Operation Sea Angel in Bangladesh in mid-1991, and also served in Somalia in 1992 and 1993.
Unit awards.
A unit citation or commendation is an award bestowed upon an organization for the action cited. Members of the unit who participated in said actions are allowed to wear on their uniforms the awarded unit citation. 7th Comm has been presented with the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20615670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615670" title="Andrzej Chyra">
Andrzej Chyra

Andrzej Chyra (born 27 August 1964) is a Polish actor.
He graduated from High School and in 1987 he graduated from the Acting Theater School in Warsaw. In 1994, he majored at the same university in Directing.
He made his film debut in 1993, with the role of Benvollo in the film "Order of Affection", directed by Radosław Piwowarski. The largest role so far that brought him recognition was as Gerard Nowak in the 1999 film "Debt" ("Dług") by Krzysztof Krauze, for which he was awarded the Best Actor award at the Polish Film Festival in Gdynia. The success of this was repeated in 2005 when he received the PFF Gdynia prize for his role in "Komornik". He was also nominated in 2006 for his role in the film, "We're All Christs".
Filmography.
Films
TV series

</doc>
<doc id="20615676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615676" title="Gaignun">
Gaignun

Gaignun ("watch-dog") is the warhorse of Marsile, Saracen king of Spain in the French epic, "The Song of Roland". Gaignun is mentioned in laisse 142 of the poem.

</doc>
<doc id="20615696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615696" title="IHF Ring of Honour">
IHF Ring of Honour

The Ring of Honour may be awarded on special occasions (personal anniversary, selection as the World Handball Player of the Year, etc.) to
outstanding individuals for their exceptional contribution to the sport of handball.
The Ring of Honour is made of gold and is specially engraved.
The recipient is selected by the Council at the request of the Executive Committee, and the Ring of Honour is awarded by the IHF President, one of the Vice-Presidents or the Secretary General.
Further reading.
IHF Statuts Chapter XXI - Regulations of Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20615709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615709" title="Sarah Walker (Chuck)">
Sarah Walker (Chuck)

Sarah Lisa Bartowski (f/k/a Walker) is the alias of one of the main characters of the fictional television show "Chuck" on NBC. She is portrayed by Yvonne Strahovski and is one of two agents assigned by the NSA and CIA to protect Chuck Bartowski after he unwittingly downloads the secret government computer known as the Intersect into his brain. In the Season 4 finale, "Chuck Versus the Cliffhanger", Chuck and Sarah were married, dismissed from government service, and given ownership of Volkoff Industries, with which they bought the Burbank Buy More and the secret Castle base thereunder. During the final three episodes of season 5, Sarah gets her memories suppressed due to a faulty Intersect upload, the signs of recovery from which are exhibited throughout the final episode.
Biography.
Very little information about Sarah's past has been revealed throughout the series. The only people outside of her family confirmed to know her real name, revealed to be "Sam", are Director Graham (now dead), Daniel Shaw, and Chuck. It is otherwise only known that she has confessed her middle name is Lisa. Chuck stated she was 28 years old before he met her father for the first time, and later Gertrude Verbanski had a dossier on her stating she was born in May 1982. Her father was a con artist she introduced to Chuck as "Jack Burton," and much of her youth was spent moving from city to city under a series of aliases as part of his ongoing schemes. She attended at least her senior year of high school—and graduated in 1998—under the alias of Jenny Burton.
As a child, Sarah was not only aware of her father's activities, but actively participated in them. One of their scams was the "Lichtenstein," in which her father would masquerade as a struggling German inventor or businessman attempting to unload an invention or other valuable commodity that never actually existed. Christmases were spent scamming the Salvation Army. "Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner" reveals that Sarah spent at least some of the ten years between 1988 and 1998 in the care of her grandmother, who did not think much of her father.
Sometime in 1998 before her high school graduation, Sarah's father was arrested for his own protection after a scam went wrong and put his life in danger. He left her a hidden cache of money for just such an emergency, and it was while recovering this cache that she was first approached by CIA Director Graham. He took her in as a protege after remarking on her many aliases and gave her the cover name of Sarah Walker. Although apparently "recruited" at this point, flashbacks make it clear that she continued in high school; several of the popular children cruelly mocked her as the "jailbird's daughter" because of her father's imprisonment. 
It has been revealed that the relationship between her parents began to fall apart after her father's disastrous proposal attempt. Additionally, "Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner" shows that Sarah and her father were largely on their own at least as early as 1988.
Sarah has an adopted 5 year old sister named Molly, whom Sarah saved as a baby in Hungary. At first, her job was to deliver the child to her handler, Kieran Ryker, but Sarah discovered he was corrupt and left the baby with her mother, whom no one at the CIA knew existed. Upon dropping Molly off, Sarah tells her mother that they can never see or speak to each other again in order to protect them and to make sure the baby grows up having the normal life Sarah never got. However, when Ryker resurfaces and finds out that Sarah's mother has the child, Sarah saves them from him and is reunited with her mother and Molly for the first time in 5 years where she is introduced to Molly as her sister.
According to NBC.com's Spy Dossiers she was (officially) recruited out of Harvard University. She also spent a year with the Secret Service.
Sarah's earliest known assignment after being recruited was with the C.A.T. (Clandestine Attack Team) Squad, a team of female spies that also included Sarah's DEA friend, Carina Miller. The team eventually broke up in 2003, when Sarah discovered a bug indicating one of the members, Zondra, was a traitor. Although Zondra was cleared by a government inquiry, their relationship was strained.
Later, Sarah's CIA "red test," or first kill, was Evelyn Shaw in 2005. Sarah was given no background information about her target, and couldn't check on the kill because she had to flee from the scene before police arrived.
Also beginning in 2005 Sarah was partnered with Chuck's former friend and college roommate Bryce Larkin. Their professional relationship eventually evolved into an intimate one.
After Bryce went rogue, Sarah was assigned to Budapest under the handleship of Kieran Ryker. Ryker requested Sarah because her file screamed "loner" and knew she would keep secrets. After leaving the baby with her mother, Director Graham sent her to Burbank to investigate why Larkin sent an email to Chuck Bartowski.
Series.
Season 1.
When Bryce apparently goes rogue to steal the Intersect computer, Sarah—not realizing that he did so to protect it from a cabal of rogue spies called Fulcrum—feels both personally and professionally betrayed. Sarah is subsequently assigned by Graham to attempt to recover the Intersect. The only lead is the e-mail Bryce sent to Chuck, and she tracks Chuck down to the Buy More where, posing as a customer with a broken phone, she first makes contact.
Sarah soon becomes one of Chuck Bartowski's two government handlers. She is partnered with NSA agent John Casey and assigned the task of protecting Chuck. This extends to acting on information Chuck "flashes" on.
As part of her cover, Sarah pretends to be Chuck's girlfriend. One of the complications and the main focus on the development of her character throughout the series is that although initially she insists this is only part of her cover, a genuine romantic interest grows between them. While Sarah herself is initially slow to recognize or acknowledge her feelings, other characters have readily picked up on her attraction to Chuck. Sarah's DEA friend Carina is one of the first to recognize that Sarah's feelings for Chuck are more than merely professional. Casey also recognizes that she is falling for him, something he teases her and Chuck about frequently.
The development of a relationship between Sarah and Chuck meets with two major sets of obstacles throughout the series. First, professionally Sarah is supposed to avoid romantic entanglements, and her affection for Chuck sometimes does put him in danger. Second, both characters become jealous of competing romantic interests, including instances where one of them has to seduce someone for a mission.
There are two particularly notable cases of these love triangles in the first season. Chuck's interest in finding a real relationship leads Chuck to "break up" his cover relationship with Sarah and pursue Lou the sandwich girl, which causes Sarah to become jealous and protective. Just after the "break up" Sarah passionately kisses Chuck seconds before a bomb is meant to explode. Soon afterwards, Bryce Larkin returns and competes for Sarah's affections. Sarah is torn, but ultimately decides to stick with her mission protecting Chuck rather than follow Bryce. 
By the end of the season, Sarah displays a willingness to go to great lengths for Chuck, and is even prepared to go rogue and draw her gun on another CIA agent attempting to take him into government custody.
Season 2.
In the second season, Chuck and Sarah haltingly move towards establishing a real relationship. Sarah agrees to go on a first "real" date with Chuck as it appears he is being released back to civilian life. However, the rebuilt Intersect is sabotaged, pulling Chuck back into his spy life and re-establishing Sarah's professional barrier. 
Then, as Chuck attempts to pursue Sarah anyway, Larkin returns a second time. This time Sarah's feelings are clearly for Chuck, but when her affection for Chuck places both her life and Chuck's at risk, Bryce convinces Chuck to "break up" with her.
Shortly thereafter, Chuck runs into his ex-girlfriend Jill Roberts, creating another love triangle that makes Sarah jealous and protective of Chuck. But this time she shows more restraint, trying not to interfere, at least until she discovers Jill is a member of Fulcrum. Yet another love triangle arises later in the season with the arrival of Cole Barker, who (like Bryce) is a suave and formidable spy, but that only goes as far as a kiss.
Chuck provides Sarah with emotional support when a mission forces her to revisit part of her childhood, and later when Sarah's father returns. Chuck makes some strong suggestions that he loves Sarah, including notably in the mid-season finale when he gives Sarah his mother's charm bracelet, a gift Sarah says is something he should save for a "real girlfriend."
Sarah's personal feelings for Chuck lead to her temporary replacement as Chuck's handler in "Chuck Versus the Broken Heart", as Beckman is concerned those feelings jeopardized the mission. However, the replacement agent, Forrest (Tricia Helfer), failed to effectively protect Chuck and he refused to work with her because of her methods. Sarah's feelings also gave her a close insight that warned her something was wrong when Forrest couldn't. Beckman reluctantly acknowledged Sarah and Chuck's feelings for each other were actually a benefit to their working relationship rather than a danger, and allowed Sarah to resume her role as his handler. 
In the meantime, while Sarah's professional obligations to Chuck are suspended, she becomes more personally involved. Sarah makes an unauthorized and illegal search of the CIA database at Langley to locate Chuck's father after his own efforts fail, and ultimately she takes Chuck to meet his father.
In "Chuck Versus the First Kill" General Beckman orders Sarah to lure Chuck to Castle so he can be taken into custody and brought back to Washington. Sarah objects, but is about to carry out her orders when at the last minute she warns Chuck that it is a setup and takes him on the run.
While on the run, Chuck and Sarah spend the night in a motel, and share a bed. While not under surveillance, they kiss and are close to having sex but are interrupted by a lack of a condom, followed by the appearance of Agent Casey. After Chuck successfully removes the Intersect from his head, Sarah is reassigned to work on the new Intersect project with Bryce, but soon decides not to go and instead stay with Chuck. But even after learning that she turned down the assignment, Chuck consciously re-establishes the professional barrier by uploading the new Intersect.
Season 3.
By the beginning of "Chuck Versus the Pink Slip" Sarah's relationship with Chuck is shattered. Flashbacks throughout the episode reveal that shortly after uploading the new Intersect, Sarah asked Chuck to go AWOL and run away with her so they could be together. Chuck was initially enthusiastic, but by the time they met with each other he refused so he could pursue his spy training. Sarah was heartbroken and subsequently cut him off. She was forced to reconnect again when Chuck interfered with an operation against the Ring. Ultimately, Chuck was reinstated on the team and Sarah was ordered by Beckman to help train Chuck. Their relationship issues again came to a head during an assignment with Carina. Because of Chuck's remaining feelings for her she requested a transfer from Beckman on grounds she was a liability but was denied. They managed to partially resolve their situation, and Carina showed Sarah security footage of Chuck trying to explain to her that he chose to take his spy training because of Sarah's own encouragement, and his realization that he could help people and a desire to protect those he loved-including her.
Team Bartowski's new leader, Daniel Shaw, began romantically approaching Sarah in "Chuck Versus the Mask." Although initially Sarah very vocally rejected his advances, when she and Shaw were exposed to cyclosarin gas Sarah admitted that she overreacted and somewhat enjoyed Shaw's attention. Sarah and Chuck agreed that they were free to pursue relationships with other people, and Sarah began allowing Shaw to get closer. In "Chuck Versus the Fake Name", Sarah tells Shaw that this job is making her slowly forget who she was before and says that for the last three years, she has never once told anybody her real name. When Shaw asks her what it is, Sarah reveals that her real name is Sam (most likely from Samantha). Chuck also finds out her real name after he overhears this conversation while posing as an assassin the Ring hired to kill Shaw. She is still initially reluctant to allow herself to become involved with him, but by the end of the episode relents.
Sarah administered Chuck's "final exam" as a spy alongside Shaw in "Chuck Versus the Final Exam." During the mission Chuck tried to talk about what happened in Prague, but the mission interrupted them. Although pleased with Chuck's successful handling of the assignment, Sarah was greatly disturbed when Shaw instructed her to order him to kill a rogue CIA agent. She attempted to resist, fearing what it would make Chuck into, but eventually gave Chuck his instructions. When Chuck finally cornered his target he hesitated and Casey completed the hit from the shadows, however from Sarah's perspective it looked like Chuck pulled the trigger. After the mission she refused to answer when he attempted to call, and expressed to Shaw her distaste over what she had turned Chuck into. When Shaw pressed if she was still in love with Chuck, she replied she no longer was.
In "Chuck Versus the American Hero" Chuck presses her on how he feels, and asks for a second chance at Prague. Sarah is in the process of packing to meet him when Casey arrives. Although she insists what he has to tell her won't change her decision, Casey admits he killed the mole instead, to Sarah's visible relief thus removing any reservations that Sarah had against Chuck. However before she can leave, Shaw arrives and tells her they have a new mission and there is no time contact Chuck. In Shaw's car Sarah is distressed that there is no signal to call Chuck and asks where they are headed. Shaw tells her only they are going to "settle an old score."
"Chuck Versus the Other Guy" revealed that Sarah was taken by Shaw to a Ring facility where, masquerading that they were still on a mission, he revealed to Sarah that she was set up to kill Evelyn. Despite the revelation, Sarah continued to trust Shaw over Chuck's misgivings. She and Chuck did reconcile their feelings for each other, as she admits she fell for him before the climax of the Season 1 pilot. As they were preparing to begin a relationship, Shaw lured her to Paris and took her to the street where Evelyn was killed, revealing that he had turned to the Ring and intended to kill Sarah in retaliation for his wife's death. Chuck correctly guessed Shaw's intent and destination and arrived in time to save Sarah's life by shooting Shaw when he refused to back down. Unlike the death of Perry, Chuck's killing of Shaw to save her life put Sarah's mind at ease, realizing that Chuck can kill, but only if every other option was exhausted. The two chose to spend a few days together in Paris before returning to Burbank.
She and Chuck did attempt to run away from the spy life together in "Chuck Versus the Honeymooners", until an encounter with a defecting Basque terrorist helped them realize that they "wanted it all," and were determined to build their relationship without giving up on their careers. Although Beckman was not pleased when she learned of the couple, even she noted "it's about damn time."
In "Chuck Versus the Role Models", Chuck asks her to move in but she initially declines, telling him that they aren't a "normal couple" so they shouldn't pretend to have a "normal life." General Beckman assigns them to observe an experienced spy couple, the Turners. After seeing the Turners' rocky relationship, Chuck and Sarah find that their relationship could be more of a challenge than they thought. However, Sarah agrees to move in with Chuck at the end of the episode, so that they can have something "to fall back on after spy life is over."
In "Chuck Versus the Tooth" even though they are living together, Sarah still has difficulty expressing her emotions to Chuck. When Chuck starts to show signs of a mental breakdown and is locked down in a CIA mental hospital, Sarah believes in and supports his claims that a Zamibian scientist has connections to the Ring. Although her investigation indicates that Chuck is wrong, she goes to his doctor and tells him that she loves Chuck and wants to help him work through whatever problems he is facing. At the end of the episode, she candidly tells Chuck that she loves him.
Sarah struggles with Chuck lying to her in "Chuck Versus the Living Dead" about his dream that Shaw is alive. After she obtains the truth from Morgan, she confronts Chuck and along with Casey, go through her relationship with Shaw to find any clues as to his whereabouts or plans. She breaks into Shaw's penthouse with Chuck and recovers Shaw's Intelligence Safe after a confrontation with a Ring agent. When Chuck's father leaves, she provides Chuck with his address and takes him to Stephen's cabin, where she saves Chuck from a trap by Ring agents. At the end of the episode, Sarah gives her spy will to Chuck, saying that he's the only one she wants to have it in case something happens to her.
Season 4.
At the beginning of the fourth season Sarah continues working for the CIA partnered with Casey, while Chuck is retired. "Chuck Versus the Anniversary" reveals that the two have been assigned to investigate Volkoff Industries, run by a notorious black market arms dealer. Their mission dovetails with Chuck's own search for his mother, which she and Casey agree to aid. Most of Sarah's actions for the remainder of the season revolve around this combined mission and around the personal challenges from her past that she confronts as she and Chuck decide to commit to marriage.
Sarah confronts her old high school enemy Heather Chandler again in "Chuck Versus the Cubic Z." Heather admits that she tried the route that Sarah is currently travelling (with Chuck being her personal moral beacon), but her nature overwhelmed any inclination at a normal life; she further doubts that Sarah will be any different. Under fire, Sarah denies being anything like Heather; the two come to an understanding and as a peace offering, Heather surrenders what she knows about Project Beacon and Frost (Chuck's mother).
In Chuck Versus Phase Three, after Chuck is captured, Sarah goes on a rogue mission to find him, during the course of which Casey describes her actions as those of Langston Graham's "wild card enforcer," a side of her he didn't like. Sarah ultimately agrees with Casey's statement and says "I'm different without Chuck, and I don't like it." When she finally finds him, Sarah resolves her expressed fear of marriage in multiple previous episodes by telling an unconscious Chuck that she loves him and wants to spend the rest of her life with him, with or without the Intersect.
Sarah tells Beckman in "Chuck Versus the Balcony" that if there is anything she can do to bring back Chuck's mom to let her do so. Just as Chuck is about to propose to her, she is pulled away to establish her cover as a rogue CIA agent and goes undercover in Volkoff Industries to help Mary bring it down. After Alexei Volkoff is defeated, Chuck finally proposes to Sarah while waiting for the arrival of Clara Woodcomb.
The pending wedding with Chuck presents Sarah with a number of personal hurdles owing to her childhood. In "Chuck Versus the Seduction Impossible" Chuck's family starts prying the couple with questions about their wedding plans causing Sarah to panic. She suggests eloping, as she would have no one to invite to the large family wedding Chuck desired. To help her reconnect with her friends, Chuck reunites Sarah with her old team, in "Chuck Versus the Cat Squad", prompting the return of their nemesis Augusto Gaez and some internal grudges. Sarah had long suspected her teammate Zondra of being a traitor working with Gaez, having found a transmitter in her boot. When it was discovered that Amy was in fact the traitor, Sarah mended her friendship with Zondra, inviting her and Carina to be her bridesmaids. Sarah also deepens friendship with Ellie, agreeing to discuss her family issues, and inviting her to be maid of honor.
In "Chuck Versus the First Bank of Evil", Sarah is at first not truly excited about making wedding plans but Ellie explains that a portion will cause her make the situation more real, alluding to her own factor in her and Devon's wedding: their wedding rings. Sarah is doubtful, but when she tries to find the right dress, Ellie's prediction is justified. At the end of the episode, Sarah has become a Bride-zilla, horrifying both Ellie and Chuck.
Sarah reconnects with her father, "Jack Burton," in "Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner" when the wedding planner she hires with Chuck steals their savings. She fails to conceal her upcoming wedding from him, and ultimately Jack and Sarah have a father/daughter dance at the reception. Jack laments it might be the only one they have. Chuck invites Jack to stick around but he says he won't make promises to Sarah he can't keep. Instead Jack leaves Sarah her old piggy bank to which he has only added cash, never taken, to cover the costs of their wedding.
In "Chuck Versus the Last Details", Vivian discovers that Chuck's mother and father were responsible for the undoing of her own father, Alexi Volkoff/Hartley Winterbottom. She takes her revenge by targeting Sarah with the Norseman device. Sarah is barely clinging to life throughout most of "Chuck Versus the Cliffhanger", but is saved when Chuck and Hartley retrieve the antidote for the Norseman from Vivian. She and Chuck are then finally married. When they return from their honeymoon two weeks later she and Chuck reveal to Casey and Morgan that Hartley turned over all the wealth of Volkoff Industries to them. She and Chuck used this money to purchase the Buy More and Castle, and announce they intend to go into business for themselves as independent spies.
Season 5.
Sarah's devotion to the spy life wanes, subtly at first, but much more pronounced in later episodes. Her decisions become more geared towards using her emotions and believing in her friends rather than relying on distrust, suspicion and self-sufficiency. The start of this mind set began most notably in "Chuck Versus the Frosted Tips", when she believed (correctly) that Morgan's drastic change in attitude was due more to a malfunctioning Intersect than a power trip, even when Chuck believed that Morgan was simply acting like an overconfident ass.
She further displays a dislike for her spy life when she asks Chuck not to get reintegrated with the CIA. This dislike proceeds further as she suggests that Carmichael Industries become an Electronic Security Company, focusing on Chuck's primary strength with computers, and minimizing the amount of gunplay they would be subjected to in "Chuck Versus Bo". However, Nicholas Quinn's emergence and the reintroduction of the Intersect glasses leads to the team having a "last mission", which was successful, though Quinn kidnaps Chuck in exchange for the glasses. Sarah and Casey go to save him, but are ambushed by Quinn's men and heavily outnumbered. Sarah, after running out of ammunition, puts on the glasses and uploads the Intersect into her head, which allows her to save both her and Casey after she flashes on how to neutralize Quinn's men and go to rescue Chuck, but Sarah begins to suffer uncontrollable flashes shortly after. She's kidnapped by Quinn after he realizes that she has the Intersect and forces her to flash on Intersect images, wiping her memories, including those of her relationship with Chuck. He then manipulates Sarah into believing that he's her CIA handler and that she has orders to bring him the Intersect glasses and kill Chuck. Sarah is able to get the glasses, but Chuck had managed to switch them. Sarah then takes Ellie hostage as leverage against Chuck and Chuck agrees to give her to the glasses. As they drive to where Chuck hid the glasses, Ellie chooses to crash her car, as Sarah was not wearing a seatbelt, knocking her out. Chuck then takes her back to their dream home, hoping to coax her memories back. But when he lets her go, she attacks him and steals back the glasses. She then notices the carving she and Chuck made into the wall earlier of their names and briefly remembers carving the name. Quinn soon tracks her down and takes the glasses, admitting to her that he lied to her about everything.
Sarah then started pursuing Quinn, learning that he's trying to reassemble The Key, a device that can modify the Intersect's original function. When she fails to stop him on a plane, she returns to Chuck to ask for his help. They track Quinn to Berlin, where by coincidence, she started re-enacting the events from the pilot. However, she made the mistake of assuming that Chuck would kill Quinn, who not only allowed Quinn to escape, but accidentally shot down Casey's helicopter in the process. Locked back in Castle, Sarah was convinced to work with the team as they tried to stop Quinn. Sarah is forced to shoot Quinn when he reaches for his gun, ruining their chances of deactivating the bomb Beckman is sitting on. Chuck decides to forsake using the Intersect to help Sarah regain her memories, in order to use it to save Beckman and a theatre full of people.
Afterwards, Sarah felt unsure of herself because her memories have still not fully returned. Chuck finds her on the beach and tells her to "trust him" like she told him to trust her when they first met. Sarah asks Chuck to tell her about their story, to which he agrees. When he has finished, Chuck suggests that they try Morgan's theory and have a "magical kiss" to see if her memories will return. Chuck and Sarah share a kiss, implying a new beginning for the couple; whether it means that Sarah's memories will come back or she will have to fall in love with Chuck all over again remains unknown.
Development.
On February 12, 2007 Australian actress Yvonne Strahovski was announced for what was then the role of "Sarah Kent," joining Zachary Levi (Chuck) and Adam Baldwin (Maj. John Casey). Prior to beginning of filming the character's name was changed to Sarah Walker. Strahovski was unable to come to the US for audition so the producers allowed her to make her audition via the internet. The character is a reversal of typical action film gender roles, with Sarah Walker portraying the protector and fighter while Chuck is the more emotional "brain."
Strahovski herself is highly active and performs all her own fight scenes. She considers this one of her favorite parts of the role, especially the fight scene in "Chuck Versus the First Date" against Michael Clarke Duncan's towering Mr. Colt. She also speaks fluent Polish, which she worked into the role in the Season One episode "Chuck Versus the Wookiee."
Very little of Sarah's background is revealed in Season 1 other than her relationship with Bryce Larkin and middle name. However real attention was paid to her past in the first half of Season Two. In June 2008 Nicole Richie was announced to be appearing in a role as a former classmate of Sarah from high school, and in September Gary Cole was revealed to be playing Sarah's father in an upcoming episode. It has not been announced if the name Graham hints at on her birth certificate is actually her real name, or if it will ever be revealed.
At the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con, Josh Schwartz and Chris Fedak revealed that Sarah's mission would shift somewhat in Season 3. According to dialog quoted during interviews, Sarah's role would begin to change from protecting Chuck from the world, to protecting the world from Chuck due to the unpredictability of Intersect 2.0. Sarah would also have a significant effect on Chuck's development during the third season, due to the profound impact she has on his emotional state. As described by Fedak, with the Intersect being affected by Chuck's emotions, Sarah has the potential to be both his "kryptonite" and his "spinach." Other interviews and panels have indicated Sarah's role with Chuck would also change from more of an asset/handler relationship, to becoming Chuck's "sensei."
Personality.
At the beginning of the series, Sarah's complicated upbringing and government training have made her deadly, determined and guarded. 
Still, she is immediately receptive to Chuck's good nature and humor, and she much later admits to Chuck that she fell for him during the first episode "after you fixed my phone and before you started defusing bombs with computer viruses." While Sarah lacks Chuck's openly trusting nature, she quickly recognizes that Chuck is just a regular guy and not a threat, and chooses to protect him from the NSA team led by John Casey. A series-long character arc involves her gradually overcoming both professional barriers and deep-rooted relationship baggage from her past to let her guard down and develop a relationship with Chuck. 
The first two seasons show her to be much more empathetic and sympathetic to Chuck's plight than Casey, and is highly protective of Chuck, to an extent beyond the requirements of her mission to safeguard the Intersect. Where Casey for a long time only seems concerned with physical threats to Chuck's safety (things that might cost the government the use of the Intersect information in Chuck's head), Sarah is more concerned for him as an individual:
Though she kisses Chuck when they think they're about to die, and they go on a real date when they think Chuck is about to regain his freedom, Sarah keeps Chuck uncertain about her feelings for him with mixed messages: obvious concern for Chuck, the ambiguous nature of their "cover relationship," noting professional barriers to any real relationship but also occasionally holding out the possibility of eventually having a normal life with her, and her aptitude for taking on different roles/covers and using her appearance on missions, at times flirting with the team's targets when needed. Further complicating things on both sides are the occasional love triangles.
Despite her attempts to mask her feelings, many characters in the first two seasons, including Chuck's sister Ellie, Bryce Larkin, Casey, Carina, Roan Montgomery, and her father, all detect that she is romantically interested in or in love with Chuck. Though she denies any such interest, she openly acknowledges a desire to remain friendly with Chuck on a personal level, until the end of the second season, when she and Chuck share several intimate moments.
At this time, as Chuck becomes more capable in combat and embraces becoming a spy, she becomes more concerned about how this will change his character, and that if he has to kill he will lose the trusting and good nature she originally came to love about him, just as she thinks her own "red test" changed her. 
In "", Shaw remarks on how Sarah's personality has transformed from a person who masked her emotions to being just as open, caring and loving as Chuck. She does express relief when Chuck does not kill Shaw after defeating him and shows mercy. While Shaw said that it made him weak, Sarah tells Chuck, "No, that is what makes you great!"
Several episodes imply that Sarah misses or envies the "normal" life Chuck desires to return to. Sarah herself expressed a desire to have a normal life with Chuck in "Chuck Versus the Pink Slip," and has asked Carina and Casey if they ever wondered what a normal, real life would be like. In "Chuck Versus the Role Models", Sarah moved in with Chuck and expressed that she looked forward to living a "normal life" with him after their spy lives are over.
But in keeping with her temperament, Sarah is often unnerved in situations of a more domestic nature. She is visibly flustered as Ellie's maid of honor, and in a deleted scene from "Chuck Versus the Ring," is panicking, stating that she handled covert operations and none of it was as terrifying as Ellie on her wedding day. When Devon suggests that Chuck and Sarah would be next in line for the family life, Sarah becomes scared; she later channels her frustration and fear by pummelling Casey in a sparring match, and becomes instantly relieved when a romantic mission is cancelled. After Clara's birth and Chuck's proposal when Chuck's family begin to plan Chuck and Sarah's wedding, Chuck, Casey and Sarah become visibly scared at the family's intensity; Sarah remarks that she's "sweating. The last time sweat, gunfire was involved."
Ultimately, Chuck and Sarah are married by the end of Season 4.
Reception.
She was included in "TV Guide"s list of "TV's Sexiest Crime Fighters".

</doc>
<doc id="20615713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615713" title="Arturo Torres Posada">
Arturo Torres Posada

Arturo Torres Posada was a former Colombian football executive.
Career.
He was born to a poor family in a small village in the outskirts of Medellín in 1912. He would go on to boxing for a short time, and later completing his post-secondary studies in Argentina in the area of urban architecture. While in Argentina, he fell in love with a woman who later carried his child. Given their situations, they would never see each other again once he completed his studies.
Later he married and had 10 children. His wife would eventually succumb to cancer. His second wife, Lucila Torres Toro, with whom he had two daughters, survives him.
Atlético Nacional.
In 1942, he was part of a group who founded the football team, Atlético Nacional, then known as Unión. This was his second attempt at football, his first being with Club Huracán, now defunct.
Atlético Nacional would become the first Colombian team to win the Copa Libertadores. Although he was not able to celebrate given his distance, as he resided in Canada during that year, 1989, that day was long awaited.
He would work hard to instill the passion and love for his "Verdolagas" in his grandchildren, of which he has 5 surviving in Canada. 
He died on December 10, 2003, after battling various ailments, with his family at his side.

</doc>
<doc id="20615718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615718" title="Jivraj Narayan Mehta">
Jivraj Narayan Mehta

Dr. Jivraj Narayan Mehta was the first Chief Minister of Gujarat. He was born on 29 August 1887 to Narayan and Jamakben Mehta in Amreli in Bombay Presidency. He was son-in-law of Manubhai Mehta, then Dewan of Baroda state.
Early life and education.
In his early age, Dr. Eduljee Rustomji Dadachandjee, a civil surgeon in Amreli prompted him to take up medicine. He subsequently secured admission into the Grant Medical College and Sir J.J. Hospital, Mumbai, after clearing a stiff written test and a thorough viva voce examination that was conducted by the British IMS officers.
His medical education was sponsored by the Seth VM Kapol Boarding Trust. He topped the class in his First Licentiate in Medicine and Surgery (the then equivalent of MBBS) examination. In his final year, he won seven of the eight prizes open to his batch and shared the eighth prize with his hostel roommate Kashinath Dikshit.
Later, for postgraduate studies in London he applied to the Tata education foundation for a student loan and he has been selected in one of the only two students for this prestigious fellowship from amongst several bright students who had applied for it. Jivraj Mehta lived from 1909 to 1915 in London. He was the president of the Indian Students Association in London where he studied medicine and did his FRCS there. He won University gold medal in his MD examinations in 1914. Later he has been made a member of the prestigious Royal College of Physicians of London.
Political career.
He was briefly the personal doctor to Mahatma Gandhi after returning to India and joining the freedom movement.
He was twice incarcerated (1938 and 1942) by the British government for his role in Gandhiji's Satyagraha movement. After independence in 1947, Dr. Jivraj graced public office in various positions. He devotedly served people as the first "Dewan" (Prime Minister) of the erstwhile Baroda state in free India sworn-in on 4 September 1948, director general of health services and secretary to the ministry of health in the central government during the partition period, minister of public works, finance, industry and prohibition for the then province of Bombay,
He was the first Chief Minister of the newly formed Gujarat state from April 1960 to September 1963. Later he has also served as the Indian high commissioner to the United Kingdom (1963–66).
Contributions to medical education in India.
He was the founder-architect of Seth Gordhandas Sunderdas Medical College and King Edward VII Memorial Hospital, Mumbai. He devotedly served the cause of these institutions in the unenviable post of their first Dean over an eventful period of 18 years (1925–42).
In the 1930s, Dr. Jivraj had gauged the fundamental importance of research in medical education. As the dean, he made many efforts towards securing adequate funds for the institute. is enterprise. Drs. P. C. Bharucha, M. D. D. Gilder, N. A. Purandare and R. N. Cooper responded overwhelmingly to his appeal for financial donations to the college research corpus. However, similar requests to the Indian Research Fund Association went for nothing. Then Dr. Jivraj persuaded Sir Walter Morley Fletcher to visit KEM Hospital on his visit to Bombay to attend a dinner. He shown him the commendable research going on and also impressed upon Sir Walter the acute need of Government support for such a research program. The result was Government sanction of funds within a few weeks for the same projects through the Indian Research Fund Association.
Dr. Jivraj with other distinguished medical personalities like Sir Nilratan Sarkar and Dr. B. C. Roy strongly forwarded the case of the metropolitan city of Delhi, when the Government was contemplating establishment of a central medical research institute at Dehradun. Their proposal was accepted by the government and result was All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) at Delhi. He was also involved in the planning of the medical colleges and hospitals at Poona (now Pune), Ahmedabad, Nagpur and Aurangabad. In the establishment of the Topiwala Nair Municipal Hospital, Lokmanya Tilak Municipal Hospital and the Dr. Balabai Nanavati Hospital in Mumbai, he played a key role. He was thrice elected president of the All India Medical Congress and also president of the Indian Medical Association.
Dr. Jivraj Mehta died on 7 November 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20615738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615738" title="Hutchins Commission">
Hutchins Commission

The Hutchins Commission (whose official name was the Commission on Freedom of the Press) was formed during World War II, when Henry Luce (publisher of "Time" and "Life" magazines) asked Robert Hutchins (president of the University of Chicago) to recruit a commission to inquire into the proper function of the media in a modern democracy.
After deliberating for four years, the Commission came to this conclusion in 1947: the press plays an important role in the development and stability of modern society and, as such, it is imperative that a commitment of social responsibility be imposed on mass media. According to this social responsibility theory, the press has a moral obligation to consider the overall needs of society when making journalistic decisions in order to produce the greatest good. Though there had been journalism "codes of ethics" for decades, the Commission's report was considered landmark by some scholars; they believed it was a pivotal reassertion of modern media's role in a democratic society. 
Social-responsibility theory was born at a time (just after Franklin Roosevelt’s death) when large and powerful publishers were unpopular with the public, and when the public had a high degree of suspicions about the motivations and objectives of the press. The press had mushroomed into an unwieldy and powerful entity, and criticism of the Fourth Estate was widespread. Critics contended that the media had monopolistic tendencies, that corporate owners were not concerned with the rights or interests of those unlike themselves, and that commercialization produced a debased culture as well as dangerously selfish politics. 
Social-responsibility theory thus proposes that the media take it upon themselves to elevate society's standards, providing citizens with the information they need to govern themselves. It is in the best interest of the media to do this; if they do not, social theorists warn, the public will demand that the government regulate the media. 
Some scholars (among them John C. Nerone) have speculated whether journalistic fairness and balance already existed prior to the Commission’s report. Were the Commission's conclusions merely an "adjustment" in liberalism, brought on by perceived business demands? Libertarians (who prioritize individual liberty and seek to minimize the power of the state) are wary of the social-responsibility theory; they believe that responsibility means accountability, accountability means government intervention, and government intervention comes at the expense of liberty. Indeed, the Commission noted that continued misuse of press power would necessitate regulation.

</doc>
<doc id="20615740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615740" title="Janette Beckman">
Janette Beckman

Janette Beckman is an English documentary photographer born in London and living and working in New York.
Biography.
Beckman started her career photographing the punk scene in England and New York in the 70s and 80s and has continued without pause. Attending King Alfred School in Hampstead, an alternative establishment "where the emphasis, both academically and socially, is on discovering and maximising the potential of each child" she discovered art, and upon leaving at 17 she spent a year at St Martins School of Art, and then three years at London College of Communication studying photography.
Beckman was very prolific from the beginning of her career; she was widely published and continues to photograph new bands and other subjects. Meeting like-minded and similarly-backgrounded Vivien Goldman led to a long-term friendship and productive working relationship.
After an initial gig working for Sounds Magazine with Goldman - her first shoot was with Siouxsie and the Banshees - she soon had a job shooting for music magazines such as "Melody Maker" and "The Face," with a studio and darkroom in central London. Beckman moved permanently to New York in 1982 and continued her career, shooting for her UK clients as well as new ones in the US. Beckman's work has appeared on records for the major labels, and in magazines including Esquire, Rolling Stone, Glamour, Italian Vogue, The Times, Newsweek, Jalouse, Mojo and others. Beckman says "The bands and the fans – I loved the music and the styles."
Beckman describes herself as a documentary photographer; she produces a lot of work on location, including the cover for Police album "Zenyatta Mondatta" (taken in the middle of a forest in the Netherlands), but she is also a studio portrait photographer.
In August 2010 Beckman produced a new exhibition entitled "Archive of Attitude" at Arkitip's Project Space, Los Angeles, which included artefacts from Def Jam and which garnered a lot of press coverage. 
In March 2011 the Morrison Hotel Gallery in New York City opened an exhibition at their Bowery location titled "Catch the Beat: The Roots of Punk and Hip Hop", a joint exhibition of photographs by Beckman and photographer David Corio. In a related interview for It's Nice That blog, she talks about the original publications she shot for and how she came to be in New York documenting Hip Hop; and in an article in Interview Magazine about the images in the show she says "I'm sort of the antithesis of Annie Leibovitz." In an interview with the Miami New Times, in conjunction with an exhibition of her work during Art Basel Miami, Beckman describes her aesthetic. She also explains how she made a controversial photograph of N.W.A in front of a police car, a story which is also the opening of a behind-the-scenes video interview with fashion website Byronesque.
In July 2011, Flavorwire named Janette Beckman one of "10 Rock Photographers You Should Know" In the same month Janette launched "Archive Of Attitude", a blog recounting the stories behind the photographs.
An interview with Beckman by the UK's Daily Telegraph in March 2012 highlights her current advertising campaign for Kangol, her third lookbook for the music-friendly headwear company. Kangol's biography calls Beckman "a respected veteran photographer of music and youth culture." New York Magazine's interview in 2013, which came in conjunction with the Metropolitan Museum of New York's Punk exhibition, addresses her history photographing the punk scene.
In the summer of 2012 Beckman joined the faculty at the International Center of Photography in New York to teach a course on photographing youth culture. In an interview with the Manchester Fashion Network, Beckman talks about the course, as well as recent assignments including a new working relationship with the British style magazine "Jocks and Nerds" for which she later became the New York editor.
Beckman's appearance in the Stüssy/Yo! MTV Raps two-part documentary "We Were All Watching / Part 2, Fashion in the Golden Age of Hip Hop," cemented her authority on the subject as she appears alongside Bill Adler, Dante Ross, Questlove, and other experts.
A trip to Caracas in 2013 produced a body of work on Tuki dancers, who combine street styles, pop, house and techno culture. Also in 2013, ONO ARTE gallery in Bologna held two exhibitions: "Made in the UK" and "My Generation."
Janette is the niece of Morris Beckman.
Books.
Two books, both published by PowerHouse demonstrate the diversity in style and subjects she has achieved over the years.
"Made in the UK: The Music of Attitude".
"Made in the UK; The Music of Attitude" was published in 2005 and has images of, and stories about, a variety of bands and cultures, from 1977–1983: rockabillies, punks, mods, and dub reggae artists; Elvis Costello, Sex Pistols, The Ramones. It also has a foreword by the British designer Paul Smith, and an essay by Vivien Goldman.
"The Breaks: Stylin' and Profilin'".
"The Breaks: Stylin' and Profilin'", published in 2007, is made up of images of rap and hip hop stars from 1982–1990 including Afrika Bambaataa, Run DMC, Slick Rick, Salt-n-Pepa and Grandmaster Flash.
"El Hoyo Maravilla".
In 2011 "Dashwood Books" published previously unseen photographs in "El Hoyo Maravilla". The book is a limited edition printing of Beckman's black and white photographs from the 1980s of one of East LA's Hispanic gangs, reviewed on La Journal de la Photographie.
Other.
Also published, now out of print, is "Rap: Portraits and Lyrics of a Generation of Black Rockers," with text by Bill Adler. This book was published by St. Martin's Press in 1991.
Other work.
Beckman has also photographed:
Campaigns for SAGE; M.I.A. for a Converse billboard;
Yao Ming for Nickelodeon Magazine;
Madeleine Albright for Glamour
and Drag Queens for Vodafone
In 2013 she collaborated with Ben Sherman and the Teenage Cancer Trust on a unique limited edition t-shirt range. It included an image of The Islington Twins, from 1979, one of Beckman's most identifiable photographs of street style.
She shoots kids, authors, sports personalities and celebrities as well as a variety of personal work.

</doc>
<doc id="20615741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615741" title="Arne Høyer">
Arne Høyer

Arne Høyer (November 9, 1928 – April 2, 2010) was a Danish sprint canoer who competed in early 1960s. He won a bronze medal in the K-1 4 × 500 m event at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="20615758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615758" title="Erling Jessen">
Erling Jessen

Erling Jessen (born August 31, 1938) is a Danish sprint canoer who competed in early 1960s. He won a bronze medal in the K-1 4 x 500 m event at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="20615759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615759" title="List of costly or deadly hailstorms">
List of costly or deadly hailstorms

This is a list of the costliest or deadliest hailstorms on record.

</doc>
<doc id="20615789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615789" title="Cido Arena">
Cido Arena

Cido Arena is the largest multifunctional arena in Panevėžys, Lithuania. It generally hosts cycling track events, as well as basketball games, concerts. The basketball club BC Techasas, which currently competes in the domestic LKL league, uses the facility for all of its LKL home fixtures. It was opened on October 24, 2008. It replaced Sports Palace Aukštaitija as the home of BC Techasas. The arena boasts an indoor 250 m long olympic cycling track, the only one in the Baltic States.
The arena hosted the FIBA EuroBasket 2011 Group A matches and the European Track Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20615812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615812" title="Robert Piser">
Robert Piser

Robert Piser (born 1952) is an American artist who came to prominence in the 1970s transition from Pop Art to post-modernism. 
Piser was born in Connecticut and lives in Los Angeles. He works as an art director and scenic artist in film, commercials, music videos and photo shoots. Piser studied art and fine art lithography at Otis Art Institute, California College of Arts and Crafts, San Francisco Art Institute and U.C. Berkeley. 
He is perhaps best known in the 1970s as the inventor of the idea of using newspaper vending machines to distribute art. He produced "The Daily Palette", for six years, during which time he printed and distributed silkscreen art prints he made of his and other local artists' paintings and drawings, via newspaper vending machines around the San Francisco Bay Area. 
He works in painting, drawing, sculpture, photography and fine art printing.

</doc>
<doc id="20615823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615823" title="El Segundo (film)">
El Segundo (film)

El Segundo is the story of a wealthy Tejano rancher (Pedro Armendariz, Jr., Once Upon A Time In Mexico, The Mask of Zorro), who is seeking a jewel that will bring him eternal life, and how his quest threatens to tear apart the community that depends on him. Sam (Hank Jacobs, Rounders ), a misfit oil rigger hired to retrieve the jewel, bears witness to the passion it inspires, and the destruction it leaves in its wake, as he falls for the rancher's spitfire daughter, Delicia (Alana De La Garza, Law & Order, WB's The Mountain). It's a story of greed, mystery, and desire set in the unforgiving brush of Southeast Texas. Also starring Tejano singing legend Carlos Guzman.
Directed by Hank Jacobs. Written and Produced by Mr. Jacobs and Alice, Texas native Roy Misael Trejo, El Segundo was shot on location in Alice, Texas and neighboring San Diego, Texas in 2002.
El Segundo makes extensive use of Tejano music in the film. From being shot in Alice, Texas- "The Birthplace of Tejano Music," to having legend and Tejano ROOTS Hall of Famer Carlos Guzman of Los Fabulosos Cuatro co-star in the movie, Tejano music permeates all aspects of the picture.
The soundtrack includes music by Hometown Boys, Amable, and Tejano ROOTS Hall of Famer Juan Antonio Sifuentes. Also included is a song by Austin, Texas based Patricia Vonne, who is in the cast of El Segundo, and who brings her own flavor and sensibility to the art form.

</doc>
<doc id="20615825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615825" title="Nohra al-Shalouhi military base">
Nohra al-Shalouhi military base

Nohra al-Shalouhi military base ( "Thouknat Nuhra al-Shaluhi") is a Lebanese Army base under the jurisdiction of the North regional command (Bahjat Ghanem military base). Founded on February 1, 1980, the base is located in Batroun, North Governorate.
Mission.
The mission of the military base includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20615837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615837" title="Cothay Manor">
Cothay Manor

Cothay Manor is a grade one listed medieval house and gardens, located in Stawley, near Wellington, Somerset.
In the early 14th century the local lord of the manor were the Bluett and Cothay families who owned both the nearby Greenham Barton and Cothay Manor. The nearby manor of Holcombe Rogus, in Devon, was acquired by the Bluett family in the early 15th century, where they resided at Holcombe Court until 1858.
Built around 1480, Cothay is considered by many to be the most perfect of small, classic, medieval buildings in England today; rating four stars in Simon Jenkins’ ""England’s Thousand Best Houses."" The rent for the land surrounding the manor in the medieval era was a pair of silver spurs and a rose. To celebrate the end of the War of the Roses, a red rose (for Lancashire), and a white rose (for Yorkshire), were planted on the terrace by Richard Bluett, who was the lord of the manor at the time.
The gardens were laid out in the 1920s by Colonel Reginald Cooper DSO, who was Sissinghurst Castle Garden owner Sir Harold Nicolson's oldest friend, having been at school together at Wellington College, Berkshire, in the Diplomatic Corps; and were friends of Hidcote Manor Garden's Major Lawrence Johnston and Edward Lutyens. The gardeners exchanged ideas, and in Nicholson's diaries there is an entry: ""Reggie came to stay and advised me on the length of the bowling green."" Cooper's larger projects included moving the River Tone to save his favourite pine trees from erosion. Sissinghurst was laid out in 1932, with one garden writer describing Cothay as the ""Sissinghurst of the West Country.""
The house then belonged to Sir Francis Cook, 4th Baronet and during WWII housed much of his famous art collection, dispersed after the war.
The former home of Taunton MP Edward du Cann, in 1993 du Cann sold the property to Alastair and Mary-Anne Robb. Alastair’s great-grandmother Mary-Anne was a plant hunter, with the Wood Spurge "Euphorbia amygdaloides ‘var. robbiae’" named after her, nicknamed ""Mrs Robb’s Bonnet"" because she had to hide it in her hat to smuggle it through customs. With the whole property and gardens in need of renovation, the gardens were gutted and rebuilt along the original Cooper structure. The Robbs also added new garden areas, including a bog garden in the Oxbow, an Arboretum planted, and a wild flower meadow sown.
In 2008 and 2009, the manor was the subject of a Channel 4 television programme presented by hotelier Ruth Watson as part of her "Country House Rescue" series.

</doc>
<doc id="20615842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615842" title="Milleens">
Milleens

Milleens is an Irish farmhouse cheese. It was first made in Eyeries, County Cork, Ireland. In 1976, Milleens was first produced by Norman and Veronica Steele. Milleens cheese matures within four to ten weeks after it is produced. In 1997, it was the winner of the Supreme Champion at the British Cheese Awards held at Chelsea Barracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20615870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615870" title="Message queuing service">
Message queuing service

A message queueing service is a message-oriented middleware or MOM deployed in a compute cloud using software as a service model. Service subscribers access queues and or topics to exchange data using point-to-point or publish and subscribe patterns.
Goals.
A message queueing service aims to eliminate the traditional overhead associated with operating in-house messaging infrastructures. These operating overheads include:
Besides reducing cost, a message queueing service seeks to simplify access to messaging resources and therefore facilitate integration efforts within organizations and between them. 
Benefits.
A message queueing service also creates new value by providing reduced costs, enhanced performance and reliability. In order to provide those benefits, a message queueing service leverages cloud computing resources such as storage, network, memory and processing capacity. By using virtually unlimited cloud computing resources, a message queueing service provides an internet scale messaging platform.
Accessibility.
A message queueing service is accessible through a variety of protocols such as Java Message Service, AMQP, REST-style APIs and web services.

</doc>
<doc id="20615875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615875" title="Byl's loop">
Byl's loop

The Byl's loop is an artificial lifeform similar in concept to Langton's loop. It is a two-dimensional, 5-neighbor cellular automaton with 6 states per cell, and was developed in 1989 by John Byl, from the Department of Mathematical Sciences of Trinity Western University.
Details.
The Byl's loop was developed just a few years after Langton's simplification of Codd's automaton, which produced a simpler automaton that would reproduce itself in 151 time-steps. John Byl simpli­fied Langton's automaton further, with an even smaller automaton that reproduced in just 25 time-steps. Byl's automaton consisted of an array of 12 chips — of which 4 or 5 could be counted as the instruction tape — and 43 transition rules, while Langton's device consisted of some 10×15 chips, including an instruction tape of 33 chips, plus some 190 transition rules.
Essentially, the simplification consisted in using less cellular states (6 as compared with Langton's 8) and a smaller replicating loop (12 cells as compared with Langton's 86). 

</doc>
<doc id="20615876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615876" title="Žalgiris Arena">
Žalgiris Arena

Žalgiris Arena is a multi-purpose indoor arena in the New Town of Kaunas, Lithuania. The arena is located on an island of the Nemunas River. It is the largest indoor arena in the Baltics. The arena's maximum possible seating capacity for basketball games is 15,688, and 16,160 seats for concerts (when the stage is in the middle, and 11,256 when stage is in the side of the arena). The Žalgiris Arena replaced the Kaunas Sports Hall as a major venue in the city.
The Žalgiris Arena is used to host basketball games as well as concerts. The arena's namesake basketball club BC Žalgiris, which currently competes in the domestic LKL and the Euroleague, uses the facility for all of its European and LKL home fixtures. BC Žalgiris and Žalgiris Arena has had the highest attendance rate in Euroleague for 2 consecutive seasons (2011-2012 and 2012-2013). 
The Žalgiris Arena has held the playoffs and finals of the 37th European Basketball Championship, which took place on September 2011. 
The construction of the arena started in September 2008; the main contractor of the arena is Lithuanian construction company "Vėtrūna", chief architect – Eugenijus Miliūnas. The total cost of the arena is estimated to be 168.8 M litas (50 million euros). The arena was opened on 18 August 2011 with a basketball match between Lithuania and Spain.
Arena information.
The Žalgiris Arena is the largest in the Baltic states and covers . It seats up to 17,500 spectators for concerts (with the additional seats added). It is situated in the eastern part of the Nemunas river island and its shape has nine corners. The arena's facade is made of high-end and highly transparent glass. A part of the facade has a unique metal wall, which is already naturally encrusted with rust. 
It is equipped with some unique technical solutions, such as power windows and modern ice-making installation. Advanced audio equipment (amplifiers, digital mixing engines and stage boxes) by Yamaha is installed in the Žalgiris Arena. The arena has 48 VIP suites, 21 suites for the Žalgiris basketball club and media, 9 suites for a single rent, an exhibition hall, and a fitness center. There are 8 halls in the Arena where more than 150 various events take place annually. 
Major concerts.
Since the opening in 2011 Zalgiris Arena hosted many concerts. The main stars, who held concerts in Kaunas were: Red Hot Chili Peppers, Lenny Kravitz, Sting, Eric Clapton, Elton John, Rammstein, Slash, Marilyn Manson, Katie Melua, Prodigy, James Blunt, Hurts, Jean Michel Jarre, Zucchero, Sarah Brightman and others.
Freestyle Motocross event NIGHT of the JUMPs also took place in Zalgiris Arena in March, 2013. This event was part of NIGHT of the JUMPs world tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20615881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615881" title="Rock Gone Wild">
Rock Gone Wild

Rock Gone Wild was to be a four-day rock festival, focusing on hard rock, heavy metal and glam rock from four different decades. The inaugural event was scheduled to take place August 20–23, 2009, in Algona, Iowa. The festival was originally slated to take place at the Freedom Park festival ground, and was moved to the Diamond Jo Casino festival grounds before it was eventually cancelled altogether.
Many of the fans who prepurchased tickets lost their money, and some say that the entire event was a fake from the very beginning.
The bill, was to have featured more than 50 bands over four days on two stages, as listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="20615902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615902" title="CFTK">
CFTK

CFTK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20615920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615920" title="List of animals at Edinburgh Zoo">
List of animals at Edinburgh Zoo

Edinburgh Zoo is Scotland's largest zoo and is located in the capital city, Edinburgh. This is a partial list of animals at the zoo, based on the zoo Website and animal inventory. Edinburgh zoo includes the world's largest penguin pool and was the first zoo in Europe to breed penguins. It is also home to the only Giant Pandas and koalas in the United Kingdom.
Mammal's
Reptiles and amphibians.
Due to the zoo's new chimpanzee enclosure, Budongo Trail, the old reptile and amphibian house was demolished and the animals inside have been temporarily taken elsewhere. Only the following still currently remain in the zoo.

</doc>
<doc id="20615921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615921" title="Charles Owsley">
Charles Owsley

Charles Owsley (1846–1935) was an English-born American architect. 
The majority of Owsley's work was in the Mahoning Valley area of Northeast Ohio and Western Pennsylvania, and several of his significant buildings remain in Youngstown, Ohio, Sharon, Pennsylvania, and Salem, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20615923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615923" title="Cacolet">
Cacolet

Cacolet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20615929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615929" title="Gérard Lauzier">
Gérard Lauzier

Gérard Lauzier (30 November 1932 – 6 December 2008) was a French comics author and movie director, best known as one of the leading authors in the more adult-oriented French comics scene of the 1970s and 1980s.
Biography.
Gérard Lauzier was born in Marseille on 30 November 1932. He studied philosophy and afterwards architecture at the "École des Beaux-Arts" in Paris. He worked in a press agency before travelling to Brazil, where he collaborated on the new capital Brasilia. In 1959, he got conscription for the Algerian War.
In Brazil, he contributed editorial cartoons to "Jornal do Bahia" until he left the country in the wake of the 1964 military coup. Back in France, he worked for a number of magazines, most notably the soft erotic "Lui" where he made the series "Les sextraordinaires aventures de Zizi et Peter Panpan". His major comics work appeared in the Franco-Belgian comics magazine, "Pilote", where he worked between 1974 and 1985 (by this time, "Pilote" magazine had moved in a more adult direction). His main series of this period are "Lili Fatale" and "Tranches de Vie". His most iconic character is Michel Choupon, an oversexed and philosophical 18 year old, who starred in the comic "Souvenirs d'un Jeune Homme" and in the movie "Petit con".
In later years, he became a film director, sometimes with movies based on his comics or on new stories. His most famous film is the 1991 "Mon père ce héros" with Gérard Depardieu, remade in English as "My Father the Hero". Other titles include "Le fils du Français" with Fanny Ardant, and "Je vais craquer" with Christian Clavier. In 1996 he directed "The Best Job in the World" which was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival. He also contributed dialogues to other movies, including the 1999 "Asterix and Obelix vs Caesar".
He died on 6 December 2008 in Paris, aged 76.
Works.
In 1981, publisher Dargaud released a two volume collection "Lauzier (Intégrale)", containing "Tranches de vie I, II, III, IV" in the first volume, and "La course du rat - La tête dans les sac - Lili fatale - L'île grande" in the second one.

</doc>
<doc id="20615936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615936" title="Ergo Arena">
Ergo Arena

Ergo Arena (Hala Gdańsk-Sopot) is a multi-purpose indoor arena, that was opened in 2010. The boundary between two cities – Sopot and Gdańsk – runs through the very middle of the hall. The arena has a capacity of 11,409 people, for sports events and up to 15,000, with standing places, for concerts.
On November 26, Lady Gaga performed during The Monster Ball Tour, with Semi Precious Weapons as her opening act, to more than 12,000 people. It was the first big event to take place in the hall. 
Sport events, including the 2013 Men's European Volleyball Championship, 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships and the 2014 FIVB Men's World Championship, as well as a part of the 2016 European Men's Handball Championship will be held at the arena.

</doc>
<doc id="20615952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615952" title="Maximilien Polak">
Maximilien Polak

Maximilien Polak (born December 5, 1930, in Leiden, The Netherlands) is a former judge and politician in the Canadian province of Quebec. He arrived in Canada in 1952, where he attended the Université de Montréal, earning a degree in law in 1958.
Polak served as a municipal court judge in Côte Saint-Luc from 1969 to 1979.
In 1981, Polak ventured into politics, and was elected to the Quebec National Assembly as a Liberal, representing the district of Sainte-Anne. He was re-elected in 1985, and served as the deputy whip. In 1989, he chose not to run again, and instead became a judge of Quebec Court. He served as a judge from 1991 to 2000, at which point he retired; however, he served as an "ad hoc" judge from 2001 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20615982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615982" title="Dilip Parikh">
Dilip Parikh

Dilip Ramanbhai Parikh is an Indian politician. He served as the 13th Chief Minister of Gujarat from 28 October 1997 to 4 March 1998.
Early life.
He was a economics graduate from Elphinstone College, Mumbai. He was an industrialist in plastics business. He served as a president of Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry in 1990s.
Political career.
In 1990, he came in the contact of Shankersinh Vaghela. He contested 1995 Gujarat assembly election on candidature of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). BJP won majority and formed government headed by Keshubhai Patel. In 1996, when Vaghela revolted and split BJP and formed Rashtriya Janata Party (RJP), he joined it. RJP formed minority government with support of Indian National Congress (INC) and Vaghela took oath as a Chief Minister. A year later lNC threatened to withdrew its support on 20 October 1997. A week later the compromise was reached as a change of Chief Minister. Vaghela stepped down and Dilip Parikh sworn in as a Chief Minister by governor Krishnapal Singh in 1997.
In 182 members Gujarat Legislative Assembly, there were only 46 RJP members while there were 44 INC, 76 BJP and 15 Independents members. Thus minority government by outside support of INC resulted in instability. He submitted his resignation to Gujarat Governor Krishnapal Singh and called for fresh assembly election on 5 January 1998 but continued as a caretaker Chief Minister till 4 March 1998. He lost to the BJP's Bharat Pandya in Dhandhuka by a margin of over 15000 votes in 1998 assembly election while RJP won only four seats. BJP regained power with 117 seats out of 182 seats assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20615984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615984" title="Hitendra Kanaiyalal Desai">
Hitendra Kanaiyalal Desai

Hitendra Kanaiyalal Desai (August 9, 1915 - September 12, 1993) was the Chief Minister of Gujarat and a leader of Indian National Congress.
Political career.
Desai was born in Surat. As a student, he took leading part in debates, sports and other activities at School and College. In 1941-42, he was arrested during the ‘Quit India’ freedom Movement for offering individual Satyagrah and went to jail for one year. He was Education Minister in the reorganised Bombay state.
Hitendra Desai was the Minister of Law in the ministry headed by Dr. Jivraj Narayan Mehta. He was also Minister for Home and Deputy leader of the House. Later, he was the Chief Minister of the state from September 20, 1965 to May 12, 1971. His reign saw the 1969 Gujarat riots.

</doc>
<doc id="20615985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615985" title="Chhabildas Mehta">
Chhabildas Mehta

Chhabildas Mehta was an Indian politician and the former Chief Minister of Gujarat who served from 1994 to 1995.
Early life.
Mehta was in born in Mahuva, a port town in Gujarat. He left high school in 1942 and participated in Indian independence movement.
Career.
He become the president of the Mahua Municipality. Later he was elected as a member of the Bombay Legislative Council. He participated in Mahagujarat Movement which demanded separate Gujarat state from Bombay state. He elected to Gujarat Legislative Assembly in 1962 from Mahuva constituency which he hold till 1980.
He entered in the politics by joining the Praja Samajwadi Party. Later he joined Congress. He was in the cabinet of Chimanbhai Patel as Finance Minister and he had been made Chief Minister of Gujarat after the sudden death of Chimanbhai Patel in 1994. He had joined Janata Party followed by Janata Dal. Later he again joined the Congress. In May 2001, he resigned from the Congress to join the Nationalist Congress Party and contested election but lost. He died on 29 November 2008 in Ahmedabad.

</doc>
<doc id="20615987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615987" title="Ghanshyam Oza">
Ghanshyam Oza

Ghanshyam Chhotalal Oza (25 October 1911 – 12 July 2002) was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, India from 17 March 1972 to 17 July 1973. He was B.A. and L.L.B. He was a memebr of the Legislative Assembly of Saurashtra State from 1948 to 1956. He later became a member of the Legislative Assembly of Bombay state in 1956. He was a member of the Lok Sabha from 1957 to 1967 and again from 1971 to 1972. Later, he was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 10 April 1978 to 9 April 1984. He was a member of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly from 1972-74.

</doc>
<doc id="20615992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615992" title="Fort Worth, Virginia">
Fort Worth, Virginia

Fort Worth was a timber and earthwork fortification constructed west of Alexandria, Virginia as part of the defenses of Washington, D.C. during the American Civil War. Built in the weeks following the Union defeat at Bull Run, Fort Worth was situated on a hill north of Hunting Creek, and Cameron Run, (which feeds into it). From its position on one of the highest points west of Alexandria, the fort overlooked the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, the Little River Turnpike, and the southern approaches to the city of Alexandria, the largest settlement in Union-occupied Northern Virginia. In modern times, the site of Fort Worth sits within the boundaries the City of Alexandria (the land west of Quaker Lane, was annexed from Fairfax County in the 1950s) just off Seminary Road. Fort Worth Ave, a residential street approximates Fort Worth's Civil War location.
Occupation of Alexandria.
The occupation of Northern Virginia was peaceful, with the sole exception of the town of Alexandria. There, as Colonel Elmer E. Ellsworth, commander of the New York Fire Zouaves (11th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment), entered a local hotel to remove the Confederate flag flying above it, he was shot and killed by James Jackson, the proprietor. Ellsworth was one of the first men killed in the American Civil War. Throughout the remainder of the war, Alexandria would lean strongly towards the Confederate government, necessitating continued occupation by a Union garrison.
Washington D.C. Fortifications.
Over the seven weeks that followed the occupation of northern Virginia, forts were constructed along the banks of the Potomac River and at the approaches to each of the three major bridges (Chain Bridge, Long Bridge, and Aqueduct Bridge) connecting Virginia to Washington and Georgetown.
While the Potomac River forts were being built, planning and surveying was ordered for an enormous new ring of forts to protect the city. Unlike the fortifications under construction, the new forts would defend the city in all directions, not just the most direct route through Arlington. In mid-July, this work was interrupted by the First Battle of Bull Run. As the Army of Northeastern Virginia marched south to Manassas, the soldiers previously assigned to construction duties marched instead to battle. In the days that followed the Union defeat at Bull Run, panicked efforts were made to defend Washington from what was perceived as an imminent Confederate attack. The makeshift trenches and earthworks that resulted were largely confined to Arlington and the direct approaches to Washington.
On July 26, 1861, five days after the battle, Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan was named commander of the military district of Washington and the subsequently renamed Army of the Potomac. Upon arriving in Washington, McClellan was appalled by the condition of the city's defenses. "In no quarter were the dispositions for defense such as to offer a vigorous resistance to a respectable body of the enemy, either in the position and numbers of the troops or the number and character of the defensive works... not a single defensive work had been commenced on the Maryland side. There was nothing to prevent the enemy shelling the city from heights within easy range, which could be occupied by a hostile column almost without resistance."
To remedy the situation, one of McClellan's first orders upon taking command was to greatly expand the defenses of Washington. At all points of the compass, forts and entrenchments would be constructed in sufficient strength to defeat any attack. Alexandria, which contained the southern terminus of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal and one of the largest ports in the Chesapeake Bay, was an object of "anxious study."
Planning and construction.
In August 1861 Gen. McClellan assigned Gen. John G. Barnard to take charge of construction to begin creation of a complete system of defenses.
Gen. Horatio Wright, who had overseen the construction of Fort Ellsworth, and Gen. John Newton, who was in charge of the forts south of Four Mile Run, supervised the construction and managed the flow of men and materials. The fort was constructed upon Vaucluse, a plantation that was seized from the Fairfax family.
Wartime use.
On Wednesday, November 27, 1861, Col. J. Howard Kitching marched with the 6th New York Artillery to occupy the Fort, and complete construction.
since. We received orders late Wednesday night to move our two companies which had been guarding Fort Ellsworth to Fort Worth, the next morning, Thanksgiving Day. So we were obliged to give up our comfortable quarters, and take up our line of march for an unfinished 
earthwork, on the outskirts of our line of fortifications; where instead of spending our time drilling on the guns, and teaching our men something useful, we are forced to take up our axes and shovels, and go to work upon the Fort. In Ellsworth we had very nice quarters within the 
works, and everything convenient, and were able to crib a little time every day to ourselves. Here we are encamped on a side hill, outside the work, the mud about eight inches deep, very little to eat, and plenty of work. If you could just look in upon us now, and see how I 
live, you would scarcely believe your eyes. Major Doull has not, as yet, received his tents, and he and I have to occupy the same tent, which of course is pitched right in the mud, such things as boards for flooring being quite unheard of, and it is so full of trunks, 
cooking utensils, our beds, etc., besides our saddles, which we have to keep there, having no stable, that it is almost impossible to move around. We almost froze the first night, and as I was sick in bed, and felt the cold very much, we foraged around and found a little cast-iron stove, which we rigged up in the tent, and except that we were smoked out like two woodchucks nine or ten times in twenty-four hours, we were more comfortable. Then our "Bill of Fare," my I told the boys this morning when we succeeded in getting our morning meal (a piece of government beef and a tin cup of coffee) at one o'clock, after running around in the cold and snow for three or four hours, that I thought I would give about one month's pay to have one good meal at home. You must not think that we complain, however. 
They moved on to Fort Blenker, on Friday January 17, 1862.
Fort Blenker, January 19, 1862. 
... On Friday morning, while we were all hard at work in Fort Worth, Major Doull received orders to march, immediately to this post with two companies. In less than two hours' time, we had torn down our nice winter quarters, which we had built with so much trouble; left our nice log cook-houses and stables, and were on the march; I, in command of the troops, Doull having gone ahead to arrange for our relieving the troops at Blenker. 

</doc>
<doc id="20615995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20615995" title="Hoop takraw at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games">
Hoop takraw at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games

Hoop takraw was contested at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games in The Mall Bangkapi, Bangkok, Thailand from November 15 to November 18.
Results.
Men.
1st round.
November 15
2nd round.
November 16
Women.
1st round.
November 15
2nd round.
November 16

</doc>
<doc id="20616004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616004" title="Joe Rabbitte">
Joe Rabbitte

Joe Rabbitte (born 1970 in Athenry, County Galway) is an Irish former sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Athenry and was a member of the Galway senior inter-county team from 1990 until 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20616018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616018" title="Results of the 2004 Sri Lankan general election by province">
Results of the 2004 Sri Lankan general election by province

Results of the 2004 Sri Lankan general election by province.
See also.
Results of the 2004 Sri Lankan general election by electoral district

</doc>
<doc id="20616033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616033" title="Albert Cameron">
Albert Cameron

Albert Cameron was an American architect based in Salem, Ohio. One of his major projects was the Prospect School, an elementary school in Salem, built in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="20616035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616035" title="Manchester Spartans">
Manchester Spartans

History.
The Manchester Spartans were an English American football club based in Manchester. The club were founded in 1983 under the name "Northwich Spartans". Becoming "Manchester Spartans" in 1984, the club became national champions in 1989 and 1990 and won Eurobowl in 1990, and again in 1991.
Formation.
The second oldest team in Britain. Began as the Northwich Spartans in 1983 and came to Manchester a year later. In 1988 won more games than any other team in one season (15), but fell in the semi-finals of the playoffs.
First National Championship win.
In 1989 (coached by Terry Smith - who also coached GB at the time), they won the 1989 Budweiser title where they defeated Birmingham Bulls 21-14. 
Under former Atlanta Falcons starter Roy Harris, the defense produced youngsters the calibre of LB's Martin Owen and Dave Egan and linemen Rick Hughes, Keith Marsh and Warren Billingham
Second National Championship win.
In 1990 they were National Champions for the second time, NDMA Coke Bowl I, Manchester Spartans 27-25 Northants Storm. 
Champions of Europe.
They entered the EurobowlIV championship in 1990, where they defeated the Dublin Celts in the first round, and then triumphed 34-22 in the final against Legnano Frogs of Italy. 
Champions of Europe for the second time.
They were champions of Europe again in 1991, beating Amsterdam 21-20.
Head Coaches.
1988-1990 - Terry Smith
1991 - Nigel Dias
1992 - Terry Smith
1993 - Terry Smith 
Highest attendance.
They took part in a game with London Ravens that had the highest crowd for an English game: 13,000 - London Ravens vs Manchester (40-23, 20th September 1987) at Loftus Road 
Birth of the Great Britain Spartans.
Renamed "Great Britain Spartans" in 1994 after moving to Sheffield, the club took part in the only Football League of Europe
Notable former players and Internationals.
Adewybo.I - offense captain, WR
Egan.D - defense captain, MLB
Boyle.B - special teams captain, KK
Harris.R - Also played for the Atlanta Falcons in the NFL, DL 
Frackelton, Derek - Liverpool born -Played for Northwich Spartans then Manchester Spartans from their first training session in 1982. Played Defensive Cornerback and Special teams kicker. Kicked off the first ever game between two UK sides Manchester Spartans and London Ravens in Oct 1983. Was one of two sets of brothers in the Spartans side with brother Brian and the two Manchester brothers Ian and Ernest Obeng. 
Internationals
1990 - LB John Parker
1990 - Les Jackson, Dave Samuels
1990 - Paul Bailey
1990 - Allan Brown
1991 - Mike Astle

</doc>
<doc id="20616044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616044" title="Estadio Metropolitano de Madrid">
Estadio Metropolitano de Madrid

Estadio Metropolitano de Madrid was a multi-use stadium in Madrid, Spain. It was initially used as the stadium of Atlético de Madrid matches before Vicente Calderón Stadium opened in 1966. The stadium held 35,800 people and was built in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20616061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616061" title="Tara Mine">
Tara Mine

Tara Mines is a zinc and lead mine near Navan, County Meath, Ireland. Tara is an underground mine where the orebody lies between 50 and 900 metres below the surface in carbonate-hosted lead-zinc ore deposits.
The deposit was discovered in 1970 by Derek Michael Romer, development started in 1973 and production began in 1977. Tara Mine is operated by Boliden. It is the largest zinc mine in Europe and the fifth largest in the world producing 200,000 tonnes of zinc concentrate and 40,000 tonnes of lead concentrate annually. The mine life extends past 2015.
The planning conditions for the Tara mines included.
Broken ore is delivered to one of five underground crushers and reduced in size to less than 150mm before being carried by conveyor to a 3,600t capacity storage bin of at the base of the production shaft. Skip loading and hoisting are automatic. Ore is supplied, at an hourly rate of 570 tonnes, to the surface coarse ore storage building, with a 30,000t capacity, known as the Tepee. The concentrates are shipped via Dublin Port to Boliden's smelters in Kokkola, Finland and Odda, Norway and to other smelters throughout Europe. Tara Mines is connected by railway to Drogheda via Navan, where daily loads of ore are sent to Dublin port.
Due to low zinc prices production was halted between 2001 and 2003. In 2009 production was again threatened as demand for zinc, used to galvanise steel for the car and construction industries, declined sharply due to the slowdown in the global economy. Zinc and lead prices maintained their strength throughout 2011 due to continued demand from China and India. Ore production from Tara Mines continued strongly throughout 2011. A brand new Autogenous Grinding mill, which replaces large sections of the original crushing and grinding plant, became operational in October.
It is the main source of employment in Navan .

</doc>
<doc id="20616065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616065" title="Parupeneus barberinoides">
Parupeneus barberinoides

Parupeneus barberinoides, the bicolor goatfish, is a species of goatfish native to the western Pacific Ocean. An inhabitant of coral reefs, it can be found at depths of from . This species can reach a length of TL though most are only around . This is a commercially important species and can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20616066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616066" title="Aker (name)">
Aker (name)

Aker is an Scandinavian and English language surname. People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20616097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616097" title="Scindapsus">
Scindapsus

Scindapsus is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family consisting of close to 40 species. It is endemic to Asia, but can also be found in the Pacific islands. "Scindapsus" isn't easily distinguishable from "Epipremnum". The main difference between the two genera is in the number of seeds they produce. "Scindapsus" species have one ovule in each ovary whereas "Epipremnum" species have a few. The seeds of "Scindapsus" are rounded to slightly kidney-shaped. The plants are primarily root climbing vines.
History of the name.
Claudius Aelianus (Aelian, 2-3 cc., "De Natura Animalium" XII.44-46, XVII.18), uses the word in relation to an Indian musical instrument used for taming the wild elephants. 

</doc>
<doc id="20616098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616098" title="Gombeth">
Gombeth

Gombeth is a constituent community of Borken (Hesse, Germany) and had its first documentary mention in 857 as "Gumbetta die Marka". Once an independent community, it has now been amalgamated with Borken. Gombeth is surrounded on all sides by brown coal mines, being found to the south, towards Singlis (nowadays the windsurfing lake), and towards Borken. The pit east of Gombeth was filled in by PreussenElektra as part of the renaturation programme.

</doc>
<doc id="20616111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616111" title="2005 MOJO Awards">
2005 MOJO Awards

The 2005 MOJO Honours List.
Nominees.
Complete list of nominees (winners in bold):

</doc>
<doc id="20616113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616113" title="The Sacred Balance">
The Sacred Balance

The Sacred Balance is a book by environmentalist David Suzuki, which is in its second edition as of 2007. The book explores human society's impact on the natural world, both for the planet and the people living on it. Suzuki reveals how dependent humankind is upon the planet's water, soil, sunlight, and the breath of its vegetation. Threats to the planet's balance, ranging from toxic pollution to global warming are also discussed. 
A series of documentary films, also called "The Sacred Balance", is based on the book produced by Kensington Communications, Inc. Producer Robert Lang was the producer of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20616120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616120" title="Kevin Martin (hurler)">
Kevin Martin (hurler)

Kevin Martin (born 1973 in Tullamore, County Offaly, Ireland) is an Irish retired hurling manager and player. He was the manager of the Westmeath senior and under-21 hurling teams from 2009 until 2011.
Martin still enjoys a successful playing career at club level with Tullamore and formerly at inter-county level with Offaly. He was a wing-back on the latter team during the 'golden age' of the 1990s and collected two All-Ireland titles, two Leinster titles and two All-Star awards.
Immediately after retiring from inter-county activity Martin became involved in team management. He was player-manager with the Tullamore team that won their first county title in thirty-five years in 2009. Martin was appointed manager of the Westmeath senior and under-21 hurling teams in October 2009, serving until April 2011.
Playing career.
Club.
Martin plays his club hurling with the Tullamore club, however, it has only been in recent years that he has enjoyed any success.
In 2009 Tullamore bridged a forty-five-year gap to reach the final of the county senior championship. Kilcormac/Killoughey, a team hoping to win their very first championship, provided the opposition on that occasion. Tullamore were much the better team on the day and, even after having two penalties saved, easily won by 2-12 to 0-11. It was a first county title for Martin. Tullamore later represented Offaly in the provincial series of games and even reached the Leinster final. Ballyhale Shamrocks were the opponents and were made to work for their 1-16 to 1-8 victory. 
In 2010 Martin's Tullamore side quaified for a second successive county final, this time against Coolderry.
Inter-county.
Martin made his senior inter-county debut against Kilkenny during the 1993-94 National Hurling League campaign. In the subsequent championship he became a regular at left wing-back. That year, after a few years out of the limelight, Offaly bounced back in 1994. That year Martin won his first Leinster winners’ medal following a 1-18 to 0-14 victory over Wexford. After defeating Galway in the All-Ireland semi-final, Martin later lined out against Limerick in the All-Ireland final. With five minutes left in the game Limerick were five points ahead and were coasting to victory. It was then that one of the most explosive All-Ireland final finishes of all-time took place. Offaly were awarded a close-in free which Johnny Dooley stepped up to take. Dooley was told by the management team to take a point; however, he lashed the ball into the Limerick net to reduce the deficit. Following the puck-out Offaly worked the ball upfield and Pat O'Connor struck for a second goal. The Offaly forwards scored another five unanswered points in the time remaining to secure a 3-16 to 2-13 victory. This sensational victory gave Martin a coveted All-Ireland winner’s medal in his debut season. He was subsequently presented with his first All-Star award.
In 1995 Offaly retained the Leinster title following a 2-16 to 2-5 trouncing of Kilkenny. It was Martin's and final provincial winners’ medal. Down fell to Offaly in the subsequent All-Ireland semi-final, allowing Offaly to advance to the championship decider and attempt to put back-to-back All-Ireland titles together for the first time ever. It was the first-ever meeting of Offaly and Clare in the history of the championship. The game developed into a close affair with Offaly taking a half-time lead. Four minutes from the end substitute Éamonn Taaffe first timed a long range free straight into the net to give Clare a one-point lead. After a quick equaliser Anthony Daly sent over a 65-metre free to give his team the lead again. Jamesie O'Connor pointed soon afterwards and at the full-time whistle Clare were the 1-13 to 2-8 winners.
After a couple of seasons in the doldrums Offaly emerged again in 1998, however, the year was not without controversy. That year Martin's side reached the Leinster final but lost by five points to Kilkenny. This defeat prompted their manager, Babs Keating, to describe the Offaly hurlers as "sheep in a heap", and he promptly resigned. It looked as if Offaly's championship hopes were in disarray, however, they overcame Antrim in the All-Ireland quarter-final and qualified to meet Clare in the semi-final. That game ended in a draw 1-13 apiece draw and had to be replayed. The replay, however, was ended early because of a time-keeping error by the referee Jimmy Cooney. Following a protest on the pitch of Croke Park by the Offaly supporters it was decided that Clare and Offaly would meet for a third time. Martin's side won the third game and qualified to play Kilkenny in the final in a repeat of the provincial decider. On that day Brian Whelahan delivered one of his greatest performances. Despite suffering from 'flu, he started in defence and was later moved to full-forward where he scored 1-6. Offaly reversed the Leinster final defeat by winning the All-Ireland final by six points. Martin captured a second All-Ireland medal that day and later picked up a second All-Star award.
Two years later in 2000 Martin's side suffered a heavy defeat to Kilkenny in the Leinster final. As a result of the 'back-door' system in the championship both sides later faced off against each other again in the All-Ireland final. D. J. Carey capitalised on an Offaly mistake after just six minutes to start a goal-fest for 'the Cats'. Carey scored 2-4 in all, sharing his second goal with Henry Shefflin who also scored a goal in the second-half. At the full-time whistle Kilkenny were the champions by 5-15 to 1-14. It was one of the most one-sided finals in decades and marked the end of the great Offaly team of the nineties. 
Martin continued with the Offaly team for another two years. He retired from inter-county hurling just before the start of the 2003 championship campaign.
Management career.
Early experience.
Martin cut his teeth in management with his native club Tullamore. He was player-manager in 2009 as the club claimed their first county title since 1964. Martin guided Tullamore back to a second consecutive county championship decider in 2010.
Westmeath.
In October 2009 Martin was confirmed as the new Westmeath senior and under-21 hurling team managers. His debut season as manager got off to a shaky start in the National League. Westmeath only won two out of the seven group games and were relegation candidates. Eventually Martin's side preserved their division 2 status as it was Kildare who bottomed out. The subsequent Christy Ring Cup campaign saw Westmeath enjoy some ups and downs, however, Martin's side eventually qualified for the final. Kerry, a team that defeated Westmeath in an earlier round of the competition, provided the opposition. A close and exciting game developed with the result remaining in doubt until the full-time whistle. When the game was over Westmeath were the champions for the third time in six years on a score line of 2-16 to 1-18.
In 2011 Martin's Westmeath will compete in the Leinster championship.
After the success of 2010, 2011 turned out to be a bad year for both Martin and Westmeath as they finished bottom of Division 2 of the National League without a win and so were relegated to Division 3A for the 2012 season.
Martin was sacked as manager before the start of the 2011 championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20616125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616125" title="Manybar goatfish">
Manybar goatfish

Parupeneus multifasciatus, the manybar goatfish, is a species of goatfish native to the eastern Indian Ocean Pacific Ocean where it is found from Christmas Island to the Hawaiian Islands and from southern Japan to Lord Howe Island. It is an inhabitant of coral reefs and can be found at depths of from . Males of this species can reach a length of TL while females only reach SL. This is a commercially important species as well as being sought after as a game fish. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20616126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616126" title="IHF Badge of Merit">
IHF Badge of Merit

The Badge of Merit is awarded to individuals who made an extraordinary contribution to the development of handball.
Levels.
The Badge of Merit is awarded at three levels: Bronze, Silver and Gold.
IHF Bronze Badge of Merit.
The Badge of Merit in Bronze is awarded to individuals who made an extraordinary contribution to the development of handball within their national and/or continental federation.
The Badge of Merit consists of the Council’s insignia with a half garland in bronze. It is awarded by the continental federations at the request of their committee or the member federations. Every year, the IHF Council establishes a quota for such awards. The final date for the submission by the continental federations of their list of awards to the Head Office is 30 October of each year. This list is also sent to the Council for information.
The list of awards must contain the surname, given name, date of birth and nationality of the recipient and a brief reasoning.
IHF Silver Badge of Merit.
The Badge of Merit in Silver is awarded to individuals who have worked with merit for many years within the sport of handball and/or have made
a particular contribution to the organisation of IHF competitions.
The Badge of Merit consists of the Council’s insignia with half garland in silver. It is awarded by the Council at the recommendation of the
continental federations, of the member federations, of the IHF Commissions or of the Head Office.
IHF Gold Badge of Merit.
The Badge of Merit in Gold is awarded to individuals who have made an outstanding contribution and/or given many years’ service to the sport of
handball within the IHF. It therefore recognises, in particular, many years’ successful work within an IHF organ and/or a creative impetus for the
development of handball.
The Badge of Merit consists of the Council’s insignia with half garland in gold. It is awarded by the Council at the recommendation of the Executive Committee, of the continental federations or of the member federations.
Further Readings.
IHF Statuts Chapter XXI - Regulations of Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20616237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616237" title="Boltzmann-Matano analysis">
Boltzmann-Matano analysis

The Boltzmann-Matano method is used to convert the partial differential equation resulting from Fick's law of diffusion into a more easily solved ordinary differential equation, which can then be applied to calculate the diffusion coefficient as a function of concentration.
Ludwig Boltzmann worked on Fick's second law to convert it into an ordinary differential equation, whereas Chujiro Matano performed experiments with diffusion couples and calculated the diffusion coefficients as a function of concentration in metal alloys. Specifically, Matano proved that the diffusion rate of A atoms into a B atom crystal lattice is a function of the amount of A atoms already in the B lattice.
The importance of the classic Boltzmann-Matano method consists in the ability to extract diffusivities from concentration-distance data. These methods, also known as "inverse methods", have both proven to be reliable, convenient and accurate with the assistance of modern computational techniques.
Boltzmann’s Transformation.
Boltzmann’s Transformation converts Fick's second law into an easily solvable ordinary differential equation.
Assuming a diffusion coefficient "D" that is in general a function of concentration "c", Fick's second law is:
where "t" is time and "x" is distance.
Boltzmann's transformation consists in introducing a variable "ξ", defined as a combination of "t" and "x":
The partial derivatives of "ξ" are:
To introduce "ξ" into Fick's law, we express its partial derivatives in terms of "ξ", using the chain rule:
Inserting these expressions into Fick's law produces the following modified form:
Note how the time variable in the right-hand side could be taken outside of the partial derivative, since the latter regards only variable "x".
It is now possible to remove the last reference to "x" by using again the same chain rule used above to obtain "∂ξ/∂x":
Because of the appropriate choice in the definition of "ξ", the time variable "t" can now also be eliminated, leaving "ξ" as the only variable in the equation, which is now an ordinary differential equation:
This form is significantly easier to solve numerically, and one only needs to perform a back-substitution of "t" or "x" into the definition of "ξ" to find the value of the other variable.
The Parabolic Law.
Observing the previous equation, a trivial solution is found for the case d"c"/d"ξ"=0, that is when concentration is constant over "ξ".
This can be interpreted as the rate of advancement of a concentration front being proportional to the square root of time (formula_10), or, equivalently, to the time necessary for a concentration front to arrive at a certain position being proportional to the square of the distance (formula_11); the square term gives the name "parabolic law".
Matano’s method.
Chuijiro Matano applied Boltzmann's transformation to obtain a method to calculate diffusion coefficients as a function of concentration in metal alloys.
Two alloys with different concentration would be put into contact, and annealed at a given temperature for a given time "t", typically several hours; the sample is then cooled to ambient temperature, and the concentration profile is virtually "frozen". The concentration profile "c" at time "t" can then be extracted as a function of the "x" coordinate.
In Matano's notation, the two concentrations are indicated as "cL" and "cR" (L and R for left and right, as shown in most diagrams), with the implicit assumption that "cL" > "cR"; this is however not strictly necessary as the formulas hold also if "cR" is the larger one.
The initial conditions are:
Also, the alloys on both sides are assumed to stretch to infinity, which means in practice that they are large enough that the concentration at their other ends is unaffected by the transient for the entire duration of the experiment.
To extract "D" from Boltzmann's formulation above, we integrate it from "ξ"=+∞, where "c"="cR" at all times, to a generic "ξ*"; we can immediately simplify d"ξ", and with a change of variables we get:
We can translate "ξ" back into its definition and bring the "t" terms out of the integrals, as "t" is constant and given as the time of annealing in the Matano method; on the right-hand side, extraction from the integral is trivial and follows from definition.
We know that d"c"/d"x" → 0 as "c" → "cR", that is the concentration curve "flattens out" when approaching the limit concentration value.
We can then rearrange:
Knowing the concentration profile "c(x)" at annealing time "t", and assuming it is invertible as "x(c)", we can then calculate the diffusion coefficient for all concentrations between "cR" and "cL".
The Matano interface.
The last formula has one significant shortcoming: no information is given about the reference according to which "x" should be measured.
It was not necessary to introduce one as Boltzmann's transformation worked fine without a specific reference for "x"; it is easy to verify that the Boltzmann transformation holds also when using "x"-"XM" instead of plain "x".
"XM" is often indicated as the Matano interface, and is in general not coincident with "x"=0: since "D" is in general variable with concentration "c", the concentration profile is not necessarily symmetric.
Introducing "XM" in the expression for "D(c*)" above, however, introduces a bias that appears to make the value of "D" completely arbitrary, depending on which "XM" we choose.
The values for "XM", however, are limited to a single one by physical meaningfulness. Since the denominator term d"c"/d"x" goes to zero for "c" → "cL" (as the concentration profile flattens out), the integral in the numerator must also tend to zero in the same conditions, otherwise "D(cL)" would tend to infinity, which is not physically meaningful (note that, strictly speaking, this does not guarantee that "D" does not tend to infinity, but it is only a necessary condition).
The condition is then:
In other words, "XM" is the average position weighed on concentrations, and can be easily found from the concentration profile providing it is invertible to the form "x(c)".

</doc>
<doc id="20616247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616247" title="Babai (name)">
Babai (name)

Babai is a surname. People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20616249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616249" title="Arcan">
Arcan

Arcan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20616255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616255" title="Nazeel Azami">
Nazeel Azami

Nazeel Azami (; born August 1981) is an English singer-songwriter of spiritual music.
Early life.
Azami is of Bangladeshi descent, and grew up in London and Manchester. He went to a primary school in London, secondary schools in three different countries, and attended the University of Manchester studying BSc Physics with Business Management, and PGCE.
Azami developed his music talent at a very young age after his mother encouraged him to memorise and recite classical, traditional poetry and songs. He was further influenced by his maternal uncle who was also a singer-songwriter and poet.
Career.
In September 2006, Azami released his first album "Dunya", under Awakening Records. The album combined different languages, themes and cultures. Previously he had featured as a backing vocalist on Sami Yusuf's first album Al-Mu`allim. He sings in a number of languages including, English, Bengali, Arabic and Urdu.
In November 2006, he performed at the Global Peace and Unity Event in the ExCeL Exhibition Centre London organised by Islam Channel.
From 2010 to 2011, Azami was previously employed as a secondary and sixth form teacher of Islamic Sciences and Arabic at London East Academy Boys School.
In 2013, after taking a five year hiatus, Azami is due to return with a new music video and album under British record label UMA Global.

</doc>
<doc id="20616277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616277" title="Ferenc Varga">
Ferenc Varga

Ferenc Varga (born July 3, 1925) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid-1950s. He won a bronze medal in the K-2 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.
Varga also won a bronze medal in the K-4 10000 m event at the 1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mâcon.

</doc>
<doc id="20616284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616284" title="Ibanez RG2228">
Ibanez RG2228

The Ibanez RG2228 is the world's first mass-produced eight string electric guitar. It came out in March 2007 and was introduced in the Winter NAMM show of that year.
Specifications.
Pickups.
Neck and Bridge Pickups:

</doc>
<doc id="20616303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616303" title="Leipzig Botanical Garden">
Leipzig Botanical Garden

Leipzig Botanical Garden (3.5 hectares), (), is a botanical garden maintained by the University of Leipzig, and located at Linnéstraße 1, Leipzig, Saxony, Germany. It is the oldest botanical garden in Germany and among the oldest in the world, and open daily without charge.
Leipzig's botanical garden dates back to at least 1542, although the garden has moved several times. They were created shortly after the university's reform in 1539, when Maurice, Elector of Saxony donated the Dominican monastery of St. Pauli. Its former monastery garden, on the north side of the Paulinerkirche, was reworked as a "hortus medicus" by May 1543.
This first garden was destroyed in the Thirty Years' War, and in 1648 the university acquired a new site (now Grimmaische Street) where in 1653 it created its second garden. In 1807 the garden was moved to the grounds of the Pleißemühlgraben, where greenhouses were constructed after 1840. By 1857 the garden cultivated more than 10,000 species, of which 4,500 were grown in the greenhouses.
In 1876-1877, after the decision to erect a court house on its site, the garden was relocated once again to its present location southeast of Leipzig. The initial size of this new area (2.8 hectares) was extended in 1895, and the new greenhouses (1232 m²) were more than twice as large as those at the previous site. The garden was utterly destroyed in World War II, with the ruins of the Botanical Institute subsequently demolished and backfilled with rubble. By 1954 the show houses had been restored, but economic difficulties in the 1980s led to closure of some greenhouses. After reunification, the garden was completely renovated (1992-2004), with a new butterfly house created in 1996 and five new greenhouses built in 1999-2000.
Today the garden contains a total of some 7,000 species, of which nearly 3,000 species comprise ten special collections. The garden contains a systematic department, as well as geographic arrangements of plants from the steppes of Eastern Europe and Asia, forests of the northern hemisphere, prairies, and eastern North America, as well as a marsh and pond with regional flora and an alpine garden containing plants from Asia, Europe, and South America. Its greenhouses (2,400 m² total area) contain plants from subtropical and tropical zones of the Mediterranean region, Africa, Central America, and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20616328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616328" title="Elix">
Elix

Elix may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20616347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616347" title="Aziza and Younis">
Aziza and Younis

Aziza and Younis is a musical play written by the Egyptian poet Mahmud Bayram el-Tunsi and composed by Zakariyya Ahmad. The main roles Aziza and Younis were performed by the Lebanese singer Sabah and the Egyptian singer Mohamad Gamal Al-Din.

</doc>
<doc id="20616349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616349" title="Paudie Mulhaire">
Paudie Mulhaire

Paudie Mulhare (born 12 May 1976 in Banagher, County Offaly) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club St. Rynagh's and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team between 1996 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20616376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616376" title="József Gurovits">
József Gurovits

József Gurovits (born November 23, 1928) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. He won a bronze medal in the K-2 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.
Gurovits was born in Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="20616378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616378" title="INOGATE">
INOGATE

INOGATE is an international energy co-operation programme between the European Union (EU), the littoral states of the Black and Caspian seas and their neighbouring countries. The programme is operational since 1996.
INOGATE is one of the longest running energy technical assistance programmes funded by the EU. Up to 2006, it was funded by the Tacis Regional Cooperation Programme, and as of 2007, it has been funded by the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument (ENPI) under the ENPI-East Regional Indicative Programme 2007-2010 and 2010-2013. EuropeAid supports the programme through the ENPI and the Development Cooperation Instrument.
Origins.
INOGATE originated in 1995 as an EU support mechanism dealing with INterstate Oil and GAs Transportation to Europe (whence it derived its name as an acronym). It was particularly concerned initially with oil and gas pipelines running from and through Eastern Europe and the Caucasus to the EU. In 2001, a formal 'Umbrella Agreement' was signed by twenty one countries in Kiev, to cooperate on pipeline development and enhancement. Following conferences in Baku, Azerbaijan in 2004 and in Astana, Kazakhstan, INOGATE has since evolved into a broader energy partnership between the EU and countries of the former Soviet Union, (excluding the Russian Federation and the Baltic States, but including Turkey), and concentrating on four key topics:
Partner countries.
The INOGATE partner countries are:
Turkey is an INOGATE partner country and is, therefore, regularly invited to attend INOGATE meetings but it is not a beneficiary country.
The Baku Initiative and the Astana Declaration.
The Baku Initiative resulted from a policy dialogue on energy cooperation between the European Union and the INOGATE partner countries. The initiative was announced on 13 November 2004 at the Energy Ministerial Conference in Baku. A second Ministerial Conference was held in Astana on 30 November 2006 which confirmed the broader remit of the INOGATE programme to cover a range of energy issues in the Partner Countries and their cooperation in these issues with the EU.
One objective of the Baku Initiative is to enhance integration of the energy markets of participating countries with the EU energy market, so as to create transparent energy markets, capable of attracting investment and enhancing security of energy supply. (Other aspects of the Initiative were concerned with transport issues: see main article). The partner countries agreed objectives to harmonise legal and technical standards so as to create a functioning integrated energy market in accordance with EU and international legal and regulatory frameworks; to increase the safety and security of energy supplies by extending and modernising existing infrastructure, substituting outdated power generation infrastructures with environmentally friendly systems; the development of new infrastructures and implementation of modern monitoring systems; improvement of energy supply and demand management through the integration of efficient and sustainable energy systems; and promotion of the financing of commercially and environmentally viable energy projects of common interest. A 'road-map' towards achievement of these and allied objectives was adopted at the Astana Ministerial Conference.
Structure and activities.
The coordinating body is the Technical Secretariat based in Kiev, Ukraine, with a regional office in Tbilisi, Georgia, and in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. The INOGATE Secretariat has an important role in ensuring the visibility, the coordination,coherence and sustainability of the programme as a whole as well as the individual projects.
The Baku Initiative is implemented through the four working groups, each of which contains members from all partner countries: 
A number of specific projects, financed by the ENPI, are associated with the INOGATE programme, and are listed at the INOGATE webportal. As at February 2009, these projects included initiatives to improve safety and security of oil and gas transit structures, to develop coordinated national energy policies in Central Asia, and to support market integration and sustainable energy initiatives in partner countries.
INOGATE has been closely involved with the development of the Eastern European Regional Centre for Hydrocarbon Metrology in Boyarka, Ukraine, which 'provides state-of-the-art calibration services for gas transfer within the region and to other countries'. This should form an important element in the development of a regional energy market operating to Western European standards.
The INOGATE programme has an ongoing schedule of conferences and publications. Its webportal contains regularly updated information and news on energy developments in partner countries and relevant EU initiatives and policies.
The programme supports reduction in Partner Countries their dependency on fossil fuels and imports, improvement of the security of their energy supply, and climate change overall mitigation.
Projects.
An 'INOGATE Project' is any EU-funded regional energy project supporting energy policy cooperation in the INOGATE Partner countries in the topics of the four INOGATE areas of cooperation. Since the inception of the Programme in 1996, approximately 61 INOGATE projects have been implemented.
There are the following 3 active, on-going INOGATE projects: 
In addition to the INOGATE projects, there is also the following INOGATE-related project (meaning not directly promoted as an INOGATE project but it has used INOGATE funding and encourages the same objectives) that the programme is also expected to take into consideration:
Each of the individual projects is responsible for ensuring visibility of their actions. However the ITS project will promote their results in the wider framework of the INOGATE Programme.

</doc>
<doc id="20616383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616383" title="Chase Headquarters Building">
Chase Headquarters Building

The Chase Headquarters Building is a building in Waterbury, Connecticut on Grand Street across from the city hall. It is now occupied by the city of Waterbury’s offices. 
Architecture.
The Chase Brass and Copper Company commissioned well-known architect Cass Gilbert to design its corporate headquarters in 1916 across from his recently completed Waterbury city hall. Henry Sabin Chase, the company president, specifically requested that the headquarters be designed to contrast with the style of the city hall, resulting in a design which shunned colonial marble and brick. The Renaissance inspired building relies heavily on Adamesque designs and detailing and evokes the Tower of the Winds in the capitals on the central pavilion’s columns. The excellent iron and bronze work for the building was entrusted to Philadelphian Samuel Yellin. 
The building is notable for its excellent curved staircase, elaborate Adamesque plaster ceilings, careful detailing, and high quality materials. The stained-glass window in the staircase quotes Abraham Lincoln "Go forward without fear and with manly heart." Interior designer Geoffrey Webster considers the Chase Building to be one of Gilbert’s finest works. Construction lasted from 1917-19. The company sold its building in 1963 to preservationists for one dollar, who in turn sold it to the city of Waterbury to be used as city offices, a function it still serves today. It is now known as the Chase Municipal Building and is part of Waterbury's Cass Gilbert Historical District.
References.
"Cass Gilbert, Life and Work: Architect of the Public Domain" eds. Barbara Christen and Steven Flanders, (Norton, 2001) pp. 188–190.
Irish, Sharon (Monacelli, 1999) "Cass Gilbert, Architect: Modern Traditionalist", Pg.155-6.
http://www.emporis.com/en/wm/bu/?id=302337

</doc>
<doc id="20616396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616396" title="Blum Creek">
Blum Creek

Blum Creek is a small glacial tributary of the Baker River in Washington State, in the United States. It is sourced from the Hagan Glacier and another unnamed glacier on the north face of Mount Blum, and flows approximately from there to its mouth at the Baker River. Hagan Glacier is located below Mount Blum and the creek is also fed by runoff from the Blum Lakes, a set of six lakes south of Bacon Peak. The creek joins the Baker River two drainages downstream of Sulphide Creek, another Baker River glacial tributary. Blum Creek forms the waterfall Blum Basin Falls as it tumbles down a glacial cliff. The creek's watershed is an overwintering location for the local Rocky mountain goats ("Oreamnos americanus").

</doc>
<doc id="20616398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616398" title="Valenciennea sexguttata">
Valenciennea sexguttata

Valencienna sexguttata, the Sixspot goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It inhabits bays or lagoons in waters of from with silt or sand substrates with larger pieces of rock under which to burrow. This species can reach a length of TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20616404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616404" title="Genişkənd">
Genişkənd

Genişkənd is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 557.

</doc>
<doc id="20616410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616410" title="Naharlı">
Naharlı

Naharlı is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 579.

</doc>
<doc id="20616417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616417" title="Heydərabad">
Heydərabad

Heydərabad (known as Golovinovka until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 685.

</doc>
<doc id="20616419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616419" title="Hacıqasımlı">
Hacıqasımlı

Hacıqasımlı (formerly Aşağı Hacıqasımlı) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 772.

</doc>
<doc id="20616424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616424" title="Qaralar, Saatly">
Qaralar, Saatly

Qaralar is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 867.

</doc>
<doc id="20616428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616428" title="Yeni Novruzlu">
Yeni Novruzlu

Yeni Novruzlu is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 881.

</doc>
<doc id="20616432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616432" title="Əbil">
Əbil

Əbil (formerly Ukrainskiye Otruba, 26 Bakı Komissarı) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 887.

</doc>
<doc id="20616442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616442" title="Marcus Brown (cornerback, born 1986)">
Marcus Brown (cornerback, born 1986)

Marcus Brown (born April 2, 1986 in Tangipahoa, Louisiana) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Arizona Cardinals as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at McNeese State.
Brown has also been a member of the Cincinnati Bengals, St. Louis Rams, Hartford Colonials, and New Orleans VooDoo.
Early years.
At Kentwood High School, Louisiana, Brown was the defensive MVP in state championship game in 2003 with two pass interceptions, fumble recovery and six tackles. He was All-State and All-District after having 43 tackles, six interceptions, two fumbles forced, one recovered and 30 passes broken up during senior season. He also played running back. He was also the state champion in long jump and triple jump three straight years, Brown was also all-district in basketball and an honor roll student.
College career.
Brown played at McNeese State and for his career he started 20 of 44 games played totaling 151 tackles, three tackles for loss, 14 pass breakups, five fumble recoveries, one forced fumble and four interceptions
that he returned for 52 yards. In 2007, as a senior, he was named honorable mention All-Southland Conference after leading team with four interceptions and nine pass breakups and registered 52 tackles, two fumble recoveries and one forced fumble while starting all 12 games. In 2006 he had 23 tackles. In 2005 he was the third leading tackler on the team with 61 stops and he started seven of nine games and also had three tackles for loss, five passes broken up and three fumbles recovered. In 2004 he was credited with 15 tackles.
Professional career.
Arizona Cardinals.
Brown was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Arizona Cardinals on May 2, 2008. After playing in Arizona's first three preseason games, he was released on August 26, 2008.
Cincinnati Bengals.
Brown was to the Cincinnati Bengals practice squad on December 9, 2008. On December 29, he was signed to a future contract, but was waived on March 6, 2009.
St. Louis Rams.
Brown signed with the St. Louis Rams on March 16, 2009. He was waived on September 1. He was re-signed to the practice squad on November 10.
After his contract expired following the season, Brown was re-signed to a future contract on January 8, 2010. He was waived on May 4, 2010. After being re-signed by the Rams on August 17, Brown was waived again on August 30.
Hartford Colonials.
Brown was signed by the Hartford Colonials on September 8, 2010. He was released on September 26.

</doc>
<doc id="20616446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616446" title="Seyidlər, Saatly">
Seyidlər, Saatly

Seyidlər (until April 1, 2008, Seyidoba) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,077.

</doc>
<doc id="20616448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616448" title="Günəşli, Saatly">
Günəşli, Saatly

Günəşli is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,276.

</doc>
<doc id="20616452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616452" title="Əhmədbəyli, Saatly">
Əhmədbəyli, Saatly

Əhmədbəyli (known as Telmankənd until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,347.

</doc>
<doc id="20616463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616463" title="Bəylər">
Bəylər

Bəylər is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,495.

</doc>
<doc id="20616464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616464" title="IHF Referee's Badge of Honour">
IHF Referee's Badge of Honour

The Referee’s Badge of Honour is awarded at three levels: bronze, silver and gold.
Bronze Referee's Badge of Honour.
The Referee’s Badge of Honour in Bronze is awarded to all active referees who have passed an international referee course and are included in the IHF referee list.
Silver Referee's Badge of Honour.
The Referee’s Badge of Honour in Silver is awarded to all active IHF referees who are included in the IHF list of elite referees and/or have taken part in a Men’s or Women’s Junior World Championship, a Men’s or Women’s Youth World Championship or a Beach Handball World Championship.
Gold Referee's Badge of Honour.
The Referee’s Badge of Honour in Gold is awarded to all referees who have taken part in Olympic Games or Men’s or Women’s World Championships.
For all three levels, the referees, besides having the required technical qualifications, must serve as suitable role models as regards their strict neutrality and personal behaviour.
Award.
The award consists of the Referee’s Badge of Honour in Bronze, Silver or Gold plus a diploma and a cloth badge for the particular level.
The referee should wear the cloth badge on his/her clothing when refereeing international games.
The honouring is awarded by the Council at the recommendation of the IHF Playing Rules and Referees Commission. The Badge of Honour is presented by the PRC president or his representative.

</doc>
<doc id="20616469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616469" title="Alfa Aesar">
Alfa Aesar

Alfa Aesar, headquartered in Ward Hill, Massachusetts, is a supplier of reagents and materials for use in research and development, and analysis. They have facilities in many countries and manufacture many of the chemicals they sell.
History.
The current Alfa Aesar setup - part of the Johnson Matthey Fine Chemicals & Catalysts Division - comes from a series of company mergers:
Both Lancaster Synthesis and Avocado had close trading links to Alfa at various times prior to the takeover: the organic products sold in Germany through the Alfa-Ventron catalogue were sourced from Lancaster, while Avocado products were distributed both in the USA and Germany by the combined Alfa-Aesar. During the late 1970s / early 1980s, Lancaster Synthesis was the primary UK distribution agent for the USA Alfa range, taking this business over after it was relinquished by Aldrich UK. However this relationship was undermined when Alfa-Ventron independently opened its own short-lived sales unit in the Thiokol-Morton offices in Coventry.
Current Manufacturing.
Their main manufacturing organic chemical facility is located at Heysham, Lancashire, UK. . This has been supplemented by a bulk manufacturing site at Yantai, China
Product lines.
Alfa Aesar supplies a large variety of chemicals for various disciplines:
Alfa Aesar is a major supplier in the research and fine chemicals market offering over 30,000 products - many of which are rare compounds, which are unique to a major catalogue supplier. Alfa Aesar provides materials for drug discovery, materials science and all the essential building blocks for organic synthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="20616471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616471" title="RAF Catfoss">
RAF Catfoss

RAF Catfoss was a Royal Air Force station during the Second World War. It was located west of Hornsea, Yorkshire, England and north east of Leconfield, Yorkshire, with the nearest village being Brandesburton.
The airfield was opened in 1932 for an Armament Training Camp. A small number of fighters were posted there at the start of the Second World War, before the airfield was rebuilt as a bomber station. It closed in November 1945. The site was re-opened in 1959 as the site for the PGM-17 Thor ballistic missile. It closed again in 1963.
History.
Catfoss was originally used as a grass airfield in the 1930s. On 1 January 1932, No. 1 Armament Training Camp was formed there, with a wide variety of aircraft that used the nearby gunnery ranges to teach air-to-air and air-to-ground gunnery, and bombing. In 1935 a number of Handley Page Heyford heavy bombers were based at Catfoss with 97 Squadron. The armament camp continued to be busy into the late 1930s, being renamed No. 1 Armament Training Station. With the approach of war, it was decided that the east coast was too vulnerable to attack for training and the unit moved out during 1939.
A detachment of Supermarine Spitfires of No. 616 Squadron RAF from RAF Leconfield arrived for air defence in 1940. The airfield was expanded and re-opened in August that year. From July to October, No. 16 Operational Training Unit RAF (OTU) used the station and nearby ranges for night-bomber training. The airfield was then transferred to Coastal Command and No. 2 (Coastal) Operational Training Unit RAF was formed on 1 October 1940 to train crews on the command's twin-engined fighter and strike aircraft. The airfield became very busy with different aircraft types and training courses and three concrete runways were built at the end of 1942.
The unit also trained Bristol Beaufighter crews for deployment to Far East and Middle East squadrons. Having completed this work, the OTU was disbanded in October 1944.
The Central Gunnery School transferred in from RAF Sutton Bridge in March 1944, continuing its role of training experienced aircrew to become Gunnery Instructors for both Fighter and Bomber Commands. ( For further detail of training undertaken see RAF Sutton Bridge). The principal aircraft used were Spitfires and Vickers Wellingtons, together with support aircraft for roles such as target towing. With the end of the Second World War the number of students reduced and the school moved to RAF Leconfield in October 1945. The station was closed down on 12 November 1945.
A proposal was announced in 1947 to turn Catfoss into a civil airport, but this never eventuated. In 1958 the need to base the new Thor intermediate-range ballistic missile led to a massive concrete launch site being built in the centre of the airfield, under the control of No. 226 Squadron RAF. The site began operating on 1 August 1959. The missiles were withdrawn from service on 9 March 1963 and the airfield was again closed.
Current use.
The site is now used by various businesses and is called the Catfoss Industrial Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="20616475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616475" title="Goto (name)">
Goto (name)


</doc>
<doc id="20616489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616489" title="Dədə Qorqud">
Dədə Qorqud

Dədə Qorqud (known as Bayramovka until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,137.

</doc>
<doc id="20616490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616490" title="C. S. Venkatachari">
C. S. Venkatachari

Cadambi Sheshachar Venkatachari, CIE, OBE (11 July 1899 – 16 June 1999) was an Indian Civil Servant, diplomat and the Chief Minister of Rajasthan from 6 January 1951 to 25 April 1951.
Born a Brahmin in a village about 25 km from Bangalore, to a professional family (both his father and uncle had been educated in English, and were employed by the British Raj) C.S. Venkatachar was educated at Maharaja's Central College,Bangalore and thence at Madras University where he graduated in Chemistry in 1920. In 1921 he traveled to London and sat for the Indian Civil Service exam and was one of the 16 successful entrants (13 Indian and 3 European) out of the Approximately 150 who sat for the exam.He completed his probtionary year of service at Cambridge University and joined the Indian Civil Service in 1922.
Initially, he served in Uttar Pradesh and was associated closely with the Census of India, 1931. He was then appointed to the Indian Political Service a rare honour, as this service was "de facto" reserved for British Military Officers. From 1939 to 1941 he was the Agent of the Government of India in British Malaya, and was appointed an OBE in the 1941 Birthday Honours List. In 1942 he was the commissioner of Allahabad, and was appointed a CIE in the 1946 Birthday Honours List.
Later, he became the Diwan of Jodhpur State and the Prime Minister of Bikaner State in October 1948, succeeding the eminent scholar and diplomat Sardar Kavalam Madhava Panikkar.In 1947, he was elected to the Constituent Assembly. From 10 April 1949 to 5 January 1951 he was the Regional Commissioner and Advisor (Home and Finance) to the Rajpramukh of Rajasthan state. After the resignation of Hiralal Shastri, he held the office of the Chief Minister from 6 January 1951 to 25 April 1951. On 26 April 1951, a new ministry headed by Jai Narayan Vyas assumed the office.
In 1951 he became the secretary to the Ministry of States of the Government of India and from 1953-58 he was the secretary to the President of India, Rajendra Prasad. From August, 1958 to October, 1960 he was the High Commissioner to Canada.
He died a month short of his 100th birthday on June 16, 1999.
Major works.
A collection of his writings edited by S. Sapru and K.M. Acharya was published under the title, "Witness to the Century: Writings of C.S. Venkatachar, ICS".

</doc>
<doc id="20616528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616528" title="Valenciennea strigata">
Valenciennea strigata

Valenciennea strigata, the Blueband goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it can be found in outer lagoons and the seaward side of reefs It inhabits a variety of substrates, sand, rubble, hard, at depths of from (usually at less than ). This species can reach a length of TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
Aquarium Keeping.
The Golden-headed Sleeper Goby, Blueband Goby, or Pennant Glider are not only pretty fish, but are great for a marine environment where you want the substrate to constantly be sifted through. These fish really use their mouths! They are constantly digging and turning over the sandy substrate. Besides this ongoing activity of "chewing" the sand, these gobies can communicate with each other by producing signals with their mouths.
Maintenance Difficulty.
The Golden-headed Sleeper Goby, Blueband Goby, or Pennant Glider are moderately difficult to keep, considered good for a more experienced aquarist with a larger system, where they can find plenty to eat.
Like other members of the Valenciennea species, they feed by taking up mouthfuls of sand and pass it through their gill covers to extract small crustaceans, worms and algae. It is important that they have a sufficient amount of "live" sand for them to sift through.
Maintenance/Foods.
A typical goby, they eat small crustaceans and other small marine organisms. Live brine and a high protein krill are ideal for the aquarium. This fish thrives on nearly all marine frozen foods, live and flake foods once feeding.
Social Behaviors.
They live in pairs and like to burrow in the sand, especially juveniles.They are peaceful with other fish especially their own kind and may be considered safe to keep in pairs or small groups where space and filtration capacity allows 

</doc>
<doc id="20616533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616533" title="Gallion, Alabama">
Gallion, Alabama

Gallion is an unincorporated community in Hale County, Alabama. It was named in honor of Jo Gallion, a railroad official. Gallion has a post office with a ZIP code of 36742 . Gallion has one site on the National Register of Historic Places, a plantation house known as Waldwic.
Geography.
Gallion is located at and has an elevation of .
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Gallion has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="20616550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616550" title="IHF Referee's Diploma of Honour">
IHF Referee's Diploma of Honour

Referees who participated in a World Championship (Men and/or Women) or in Olympic Handball Tournaments shall receive the Referee’s Diploma of Honour upon termination of their international career. 
The diploma is presented by the PRC president or his representative.
Further Readings.
IHF Statuts Chapter XXI - Regulations of Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20616558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616558" title="Mohammad Habash">
Mohammad Habash

Mohammad Al-Habash or Mohamed Habash (محمد حبش) (born 1 October 1962) is a Syrian Islamic scholar, writer and politician. He is the principal figure of the Islamic revivalist movement in Syria.
Biography.
Mohamed Habash was born on October 1, 1962 in Damascus. The son of an imam, he was born into a religious family. He started his religious studies at the age of twelve years and learned to memorize the Koran. He studied at Damascus University where he obtained a master's study of Islamic law. He also studied at the University of Beirut from where it emerged with a degree in Arabic literature, then at the University of Tripoli whence it emerged degree in Islamic studies.
After returning to Syria, he obtained the highest distinction in the Koran memorization of the House of Fatwa (Dar al-Ifta). In Pakistan, the University of Karachi issued him a master in Islamic studies. His doctorate, which he obtained at the University of San Koran in Khartoum, was devoted to various senses induced by ten different recitations of the Koran (al-qara'at al-Qorania).
During his studies, he was mainly influenced by the Mufti Ahmed Kuftaro, as well as Abu Hanifa, Imam al-Shatibi and Touf al-Hanbali. It was under their influence now that he opposed the monopoly of religion on politics, and on a literal reading of religious texts.
In 1988, he held the post of professor of Islamic sciences at the Islamic University of Damascus, then in 1992 he became professor ("Tafsir") at the University Usul Ed-din. He then served as secretary in the center of introduction to the Arab-Islamic civilization. In addition to his teaching profession, he was in 1989 director of two institutes of the Koran in Syria.
Elected to the Syrian Parliament, he is now an independent member and member of the administrative committee of parliament. In addition to representing Syria at international conferences, he participates in political broadcasts on television and radio. He has written more than twenty books, directs the Center for Islamic Studies in Damascus and leads Friday prayers at the Al-Zahra mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="20616565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616565" title="Valenciennea puellaris">
Valenciennea puellaris

Valenciennea puellaris, the Orange-spotted sleeper-goby, Orange-dashed goby, or Maiden goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It inhabits lagoons and outer reefs where it occurs on sandy substrates with larger pieces of rubble to burrow under. It can reach a length of SL. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20616567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616567" title="List of The Tale of Genji characters">
List of The Tale of Genji characters

The characters of The Tale of Genji do not possess the equivalent of what we now call proper birth names. Instead they are assigned sobriquets derived from poetic exchanges (ex. Murasaki takes her name from a poem by Genji), from the particular court positions they occupy (in the Tyler translation, characters are often referred to by such terms as His Highness of War, Her Majesty the Empress, His Grace, the Palace Minister and so on), from their geographical location (ex. Lady Akashi who lived on the Akashi coast before meeting Genji), or from the name of their residence (ex. Lady Rokujō, whose mansion is on the Sixth Avenue, "rokujō", or Fujitsubo, literally "wisteria pavilion", the part of the Imperial Palace where this particular lady resided). Out of the two most recent translations into English, Seidensticker’s tends to systematically employ the same names (ex. Genji, Murasaki, Akashi, Utsusemi, etc.), whereas Tyler’s, more textually accurate translation, tends to change sometimes characters’ appellation with every chapter.
Similarly, many women writers of the Heian period left behind their sobriquets alone. Murasaki Shikibu is no exception: “Murasaki” is presumably borrowed from her character in the tale, whereas “Shikibu” refers to a court position in the Bureau of Ceremonial ("shikibu"), that her father used to occupy. 
Notes.
Following Genji, all the other characters are introduced following the chronology of the events in the tale. However, this chronology does not take into account the first time a character is mentioned, but rather the time a character actually makes his or her debut into the tale. Some of the character descriptions below include a reference to the chapter in which the character is introduced to the narrative. Important characters are in capital letters.

</doc>
<doc id="20616573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616573" title="Genwi">
Genwi

GENWI was a free web-based news reader, or aggregator, initially released in March 2007. Genwi provided a news feed service by enabling users to publish their feeds to one profile and follow others' news feeds in the feed reader – this feed reader was called "Wire" and was capable of reading RSS, Media RSS, iTunes RSS and ATOM feeds. Genwi offered a suite of social networking features built into the RSS reader. Users were able to add friends, send messages, leave comments and share individual feed items. The site underwent a major redesign in November 2008 and was shut down in 2009.
In January 2010, GENWI, Inc. used the same technology that built their RSS reader to launch iSites.us, a smartphone app builder and management system, which enables businesses to build applications for iPhone and Android using RSS, ATOM or social feeds. GENWI uses cloud-based technology to keep more than 1,500 native apps up-to-date and to instantly build HTML5 apps for iPhone. 
In September 2011, GENWI launched Conde Nast's "The Daily W" app and rebranded the iSites brand back to GENWI and now helps publishers and brands create engaging native and HTML5 apps with a cloud-based mobile content management system, or mCMS. 
GENWI is short for "Generation Wireless" and is headquartered in Los Altos, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20616574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616574" title="Lampeter railway station">
Lampeter railway station

Lampeter railway station, which was situated on the Carmarthen to Aberystwyth Line in Wales, was built to serve the town of Lampeter. It opened in 1866, six years after the line, which reached Aberystwyth in August 1867.
Services at the time were limited, with only three trains running every day except Sundays. However, even this service enabled Lampeter to become an important station, although the cost of building the railway was slowly bankrupting the company. A steam Locomotive, No7 "Carmarthen", exploded at Maesycreigiau in 1890, and the Cambrian Railway took the M&M to court over unpaid bills. The railway was originally owned by the Manchester and Milford Railway Company, but owing to great financial difficulties, it was sold to the Great Western Railway in 1906.
In 1911, a branch line was constructed between Lampeter and Aberaeron, known as the Lampeter, Aberayron and New Quay Light Railway.
During the Second World War, specifically on Saturday 8 July 1944, Lampeter railway station received a contingent of 330 evacuee children from London who were then distributed to homes in and around the local area (including the village of Cribyn). That same day Aberystwyth railway station likewise received 400 evacuee children.
After the nationalisation of the railways, the passenger service to Aberayron ceased in 1951. Passenger trains on the main line to Carmarthen and Aberystwyth continued until February 1965, when they ceased due to flooding, never to resume. Milk continued to be conveyed by railway until 1973, when the traffic was transferred to road, and the tracks were lifted shortly afterwards. The former existence of the presence of a railway in Lampeter is still obvious; the large station and goods yard are now part of the University and the Cattle Market. Station Terrace has retained its name, and the railway bridge over the river Teifi near the Co-operative Supermarket still stands. A bridge once carried the railway over the A482, but this has since been dismantled, although the track bed still remains in both directions. 
Local residents have been campaigning for the return of the railway to Lampeter.

</doc>
<doc id="20616580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616580" title="Fritz Briel">
Fritz Briel

Fritz Briel (born October 24, 1934) is a German sprint canoer who competed in from the late 1950s to the late 1960s. He won a silver medal in the K-2 10000 m event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.
Briel also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-1 1000 m: 1958, K-1 10000 m: 1963, K-1 4 x 500 m: 1958) and one bronze (K-1 10000 m: 1966).

</doc>
<doc id="20616597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616597" title="Çolpı">
Çolpı

Çolpı is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village was raised to municipality status in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20616598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616598" title="Valenciennea helsdingeni">
Valenciennea helsdingeni

Valenciennea helsdingeni is a Goby from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 25 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20616604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616604" title="Soltanabad, Saatly">
Soltanabad, Saatly

Soltanabad is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village was raised to municipality status in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20616610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616610" title="Mayerthorpe High School">
Mayerthorpe High School

Mayerthorpe High School (MHS) is a high school located in Mayerthorpe, Alberta, Canada. The school's mascot is the tiger. The high school serves students in grades 7–12, and is part of the Northern Gateway Regional Division No. 10 school district.

</doc>
<doc id="20616615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616615" title="Onega Peninsula">
Onega Peninsula

The Onega Peninsula is located in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. It protrudes into the White Sea, with Onega Bay to the south-west, and Dvina Bay to the north-east. The length of the peninsula is about , and the width varies between and .
Geography.
The coastal area of the peninsula is populated. The villages (counterclockwise) of Nyonoksa, Syuzma, Krasnaya Gora, Pertominsk, Unsky, Yarenga, Lopshenga, Letny Navolok, Letnyaya Zolotitsa, Pushlakhta, Lyamtsa, Purnema, and Nizhmozero are all located at or near the coast. The north-eastern coast of the peninsula is crossed by the Una Bay, a gulf in the Dvina Bay, which is about long. The villages of Una and Luda are located at the inner coast of the Una Bay. The interior of the peninsula (north-west of the line connecting Luda and Purnema) is a wilderness without any permanent population. There is some logging at Verkhneozersk, south-east of Luda. The interior of the peninsula is hilly, and there are many lakes, the biggest of which are Lake Myandozero, Lake Vezhmozero (both lakes drain to the Vezhma River - a tributary of the Una Bay), Lake Lyamitskoye (which drains to the Lyamtsa River, flowing west), and Lake Bolshoye Vygozero (which drains into the Zolotitsa River, also flowing west).
Administration.
Administratively, the peninsula is shared between Onezhsky and Primorsky Districts and the city of Severodvinsk of Arkhangelsk Oblast. On 17 December 1940 Belomorsky District was established on the peninsula, on the areas which previously were parts of Primorsky and Onezhsky Districts. The administrative center of the district became the selo of Pertominsk. On 30 September 1958 Belomorsky District was abolished, and the area of the district was shared between Primorsky and Onezhsky Districts.
History and religion.
The peninsula was settled by Novgorodians not later than the 13th century. The Pomors, living at the coast, are the descendants of the Novgorodians. Most of the villages on the coast of the peninsula have a historical significance. The ensemble of the Purnema Pogost, consisting of St. Nicholas' Church (1618) and the Nativity Church (1860), and the Zaostrovsky Pogost in the village of Nyonoksa, consisting of the Church of the Presentation of Jesus in the Temple (1683-1688) and the St. Michael Church (1776-1785), are protected at the federal level as a monument of architecture.
The village of Lopshenga was featured in the works of Yury Kazakov, a Russian short story writer who traveled extensively in the Russian North. The name of one of the Kazakov's books of short stories is "Poedemte v Lopshengu" — Let us go to Lopshenga.
Economy and transportation.
The economy of the peninsula is based on the timber production and fishery. The village of Luda is connected by an all-season road to Severodvinsk and Onega. There is a boat ferry across the Una Bay. Other villages at the coast have infrequent air and sea connections to Onega and Arkhangelsk.
It was planned that a national park, Onezhskoye Pomorye National Park, would be opened on the coast of the Onega Peninsula to protect pristine forests, however, the creation of the park was delayed and is not currently on the agenda. Apparently, it conflicted with the other plan of the government, construction of the road to the village of Letnyaya Zolotitsa and launching of the ferry crossing to Solovetsky Islands (the islands are on the World Heritage list and are one of the primary Russian tourist attractions, and Letnyaya Zolotitsa is the closest point to the islands, separated from them by a strait). However, this project never took off either. 

</doc>
<doc id="20616619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616619" title="IHF Olympic Order">
IHF Olympic Order

The Council of the IHF is entitled and has the duty to suggest to the IOC eminent personalities for the award of the Olympic Order in recognition of their outstanding merit and success in the development of handball in their own country, their many years of close collaborative links with the IHF and their dedicated service to the Olympic Movement.
Further Readings.
IHF Statuts Chapter XXI - Regulations of Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20616626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616626" title="Frank Pepper">
Frank Pepper

Francis "Frank" Pepper (July 1875 – 1914) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full-back. He was born in Wortley now in South Yorkshire. He played for Sheffield United, Newton Heath LYR, Barnsley, Doncaster Rovers and South Kirkby. He died in Rotherham in 1914, at the age of 38.

</doc>
<doc id="20616627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616627" title="Valenciennea longipinnis">
Valenciennea longipinnis

Valenciennea longipinnis, the Long-finned goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it can be found in lagoons and areas with substrates of fine sand at depths of mostly less than , occasionally down to and rarely deeper than that. This species can reach a length of SL. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20616639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616639" title="Theodor Kleine">
Theodor Kleine

Theodor "Theo" Kleine (4 September 1924 – 12 February 2014) was a German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s. He won a silver medal in the K-2 10000 m at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.
Kleine also won two gold medals at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague, earning them in the K-4 1000 m and the K-4 10000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20616647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616647" title="Galmoy Mine">
Galmoy Mine

Galmoy Mine is a zinc and lead mine 50 km northwest of Kilkenny, Ireland. Located in the Rathdowney Trend, Galmoy is an underground mine.
The Rathdowney Trend, stretches 40 kilometres, between the towns of Abbeyleix and Thurles. The region is a broad plain drained by the Rossetown and Drish Rivers, tributaries of the River Suir, which flows into the sea at Waterford. Exploration of the Rathdowney Trend during the late 1960s and early 1970s identified sporadic occurrences of lead and zinc, although the first significant mineralisation was not discovered until 1984. Lisheen Mine is also in the Rathdowney Trend.
Galmoy is exclusively an underground operation. Initially the mine used room-and-pillar methods exclusively but subsequent modifications introduced both benching and drift-and-fill systems where conditions are appropriate, as a means of maximising ore recoveries. At the same time the mining method is designed to ensure that no waste rock needs to be hauled to the surface.
Concentrates are transported to New Ross port, County Wexford, about 80 km away, where they are loaded on to ships for transport to smelters, located mainly in Europe.
In 2008 Workers at Galmoy Mines were told the mine is to close completely on a phased basis by July 2011. Management said dwindling zinc resources at Galmoy and a drop in the price for metal worldwide were reasons to close the plant.
Production from the mine ceased in May 2009. However some ore remains unmined and plans are being formulated to consider means of recovery of some or all of this ore.
Geology.
The Galmoy ore bodies are breccia-hosted, generally stratabound lenses of predominantly massive sulphides consisting of sphalerite, argentiferous galena and pyrite / marcasite in variable combinations. Hosted in Lower Carboniferous rocks, they occur at the junction of an argillaceous bioclastic limestone (below) and the dolomitised Waulsortian limestone above.

</doc>
<doc id="20616649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616649" title="Valenciennea wardii">
Valenciennea wardii

Valenciennea wardii, Ward's sleeper, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean in bays, reefs and lagoons at depths of from . It can be found on sandy or silty substrates. This species can reach a length of SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20616673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616673" title="Arthur Henrys">
Arthur Henrys

Arthur Henrys (born 1870) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Newcastle. He played for Manchester United, Notts Jardines, and Leicester Fosse.

</doc>
<doc id="20616674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616674" title="H. B. Ari Gowder">
H. B. Ari Gowder

Rao Bahadur Hubbatale Bellie Ari Gowder (December 4, 1893 – June 28, 1971) was a Badaga leader and the first member of the Badaga community to be elected to the Madras Legislative Council.
Birth and early life.
Ari Gowder was born to Rao Bahadur H. J. Bellie Gowder at Hubbatale on December 4, 1893. Bellie Gowder was an engineering contractor from the Badaga tribe of Nilgiris who constructed the Nilgiri Mountain Railway.
Politics and public life.
Ari Gowder was educated at the Madras Christian College before entering politics. He became the first Badaga to be elected to the Madras Legislative Council. He served as a member of the Madras Legislative Council from 1923 to 1926 and from 1930 to 1934 and was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Madras state in the 1940s and 1950s. He was also a President of the Backward Classes League. He also served a President of the Nilgiris District Board. When prohibition was introduced in 1937, Ari Gowder was instrumental in enforcing prohibition in the Nilgiris district. He led the Indian contingent to the World Scouts Jumboree in Hungary in 1930.
Philanthropic activities.
Ari Gowder established the Nilgiris Co-operative Marketing Society in Mettupalayam in 1941 and served as its President until his death in 1971. The main purpose of the Nilgiris Co-operative Marketing Society was to guarantee the rights of cultivators from being exploited by middlemen. Recognising his contribution to the Society, as bust of Ari Gowder was unveiled in the hall of NCMS on 25 May 1987.
Death and legacy.
Ari Gowder died on June 28, 1971. He is highly regarded by members of the Badaga community who regard him as their patriarch. A bridge constructed in 1939 at Masinagudi linking the then Madras Presidency with the kingdom of Mysore was named Ari Gowder Bridge.
The portion of West Mambalam, Chennai which adjoins the Mambalam railway station was gifted to the Government of Tamil Nadu by Ari Gowder and the road which runs parallel to the railway line is named Arya Gowder Road in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20616699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616699" title="Priolepis nocturna">
Priolepis nocturna

Priolepis nocturna, the Blackbarred reefgoby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of from on coral reefs. It inhabits crevices in the reef. This species can reach a length of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="20616700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616700" title="Hephaestion (grammarian)">
Hephaestion (grammarian)

Hephaestion was a grammarian of Alexandria who flourished in the age of the Antonines. He was the author of a manual (abridged from a larger work in 48 books) of Greek metres, which is most valuable as the only complete treatise on the subject that has been preserved. The concluding chapter discusses the various kinds of poetical composition. It is written in a clear and simple style, and was much used as a school-book.
Bibliography.
Editions by T. Gaisford (1855, with the valuable scholia), R. Westphal (1886, in Scriptores metrici Graeci) and M. Consbruch (1906); translation by T. F. Barham (1843); see also W. Christ, Gesch. der griech. Litt. (1898); M. Consbruch, De veterum... (1890); J. E. Sandys, Hist. Class. Schol. i. (1906). 

</doc>
<doc id="20616704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616704" title="Niall Claffey">
Niall Claffey

Niall Claffey (born 1978 in Birr, County Offaly) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Birr and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team between 1999 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20616706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616706" title="Lewin">
Lewin

Lewin is an Germanic name stemming from Leofwine. People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20616715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616715" title="Dennis Green (canoeist)">
Dennis Green (canoeist)

Dennis Green (born 26 May 1931) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the early 1970s. Competing in five Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-2 10000 m event at Melbourne in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20616718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616718" title="Holding the Moth">
Holding the Moth

"Holding the Moth" is a song by electronic band Underworld, and was released as a single on 7 December 2008. The single was released mainly as a way to capitalize on the success of the song's remix by Audiojack.

</doc>
<doc id="20616720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616720" title="Holochlamys">
Holochlamys

Holochlamys is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. "Holochlamys beccarii" is the only species in the genus Holochlamys. It is endemic to New Guinea and is found growing in mud near lowland streams or rocky streambeds at high elevations. The species is primarily rheophytic and closely related to the genus "Spathiphyllum". "Holochlamys" closely resemble "Spathiphyllum" except that in "Holochamys" the spathe clasps the spadix. Also, the inflorescence rots quickly after flowering which doesn't occur in "Spathiphyllum". The inflorescence emerges below the foliage and has a white spathe and spadix. The spadix tends to be about the same length as the spathe and produces a leathery fruit. Contained within the fruit are very small seeds. The leaves can vary greatly in size from species to species, but they tend to be either oval or lanceolate. 

</doc>
<doc id="20616733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616733" title="Arthur Marshall (footballer)">
Arthur Marshall (footballer)

Arthur George Marshall (born October 1881) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Liverpool. He played for Manchester United, Everton, Chester City, Crewe Alexandra, Stockport County, Portsmouth, and Leicester Fosse.

</doc>
<doc id="20616734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616734" title="Priolepis aureoviridis">
Priolepis aureoviridis

Priolepis aureoviridis, the Yellow-green goby, is a species of goby native to the central Pacific Ocean where it is known to occur in Micronesia, Johnston Atoll and the Hawaiian Islands. It can be found on the seaward side of reefs and is a secretive fish. It can reach a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20616738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616738" title="Partial element equivalent circuit">
Partial element equivalent circuit

Partial element equivalent circuit method (PEEC) is partial inductance calculation used for interconnect problems from early 1970s which is used for numerical modeling of electromagnetic (EM) properties. The transition from a design tool to the full wave method involves the capacitance representation, the inclusion of time retardation and the dielectric formulation. Using the PEEC method, the problem will be transferred from the electromagnetic domain to the circuit domain where conventional SPICE-like circuit solvers can be employed to analyze the equivalent circuit. By having the PEEC model one can easily include any electrical component e.g. passive components, sources, non-linear elements, ground, etc. to the model. Moreover, using the PEEC circuit, it is easy to exclude capacitive, inductive or resistive effects from the model when it is possible, in order to make the model smaller. As an example, in many application within power electronics, the magnetic field is a dominating factor over the electric field due to the high current in the systems. Therefore, the model can be simplified by just neglecting capacitive couplings in the model which can simply be done by excluding the capacitors from the PEEC model.
Numerical modeling of electromagnetic properties are used by, for example, the electronics industry to:
History.
The main research activity in this area has been and are performed, by Albert Ruehli at IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center, starting with a publication in 1972. At that time the foundation of the PEEC method was presented, i.e. the calculation of the partial inductances. The PEEC method was extended to more generalized problems, including dielectric material and retardation effect.
The PEEC method is not one of the most common techniques used in EM simulation software or as a research area but it has just been starting to gain recognition and for the first time there is a session at the 2001 IEEE EMC Symposium named after the technique. In the mid 90's, two researchers from the University of L'Aquila in Italy, Professor Antonio Orlandi and Professor Giulio Antonini, published their first PEEC paper and are now together with Dr. Ruehli considered the top researchers in the area. Starting year 2006, several research projects have been initiated by the faculty of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering of Luleå University of Technology in Sweden in the focus area of PEEC with the emphasis on computer based solvers for PEEC under the name MultiPEEC.
Theory.
The classical PEEC method is derived from the equation for the total electric field at a point written as
where formula_2 is an incident electric field, formula_3 is a current density, formula_4 is the magnetic vector potential, formula_5 is the scalar electric potential, and formula_6 the electrical conductivity all at observation point formula_7. In the figures on the right, an orthogonal metal strip with 3 nodes and 2 cells, and the corresponding PEEC circuit are shown.
By using the definitions of the scalar and vector potentials, the current- and charge-densities are discretized by defining pulse basis functions for the conductors and dielectric materials. Pulse functions are also used for the weighting functions resulting in a Galerkin type solution. By defining a suitable inner product, a weighted volume integral over the cells, the field equation can be interpreted as Kirchhoff's voltage law over a PEEC cell consisting of partial self inductances between the nodes and partial mutual inductances representing the magnetic field coupling in the equivalent circuit. The partial inductances are defined as
for volume cell formula_9 and formula_10. Then, the coefficients of potentials are computed as
and a resistive term between the nodes, defined as
PEEC model reduction.
The rigorous full-wave version of the PEEC method is called (Lp,P,R,t) PEEC, where Lp is partial inductance, P is potential coefficient (inverse of capacitance), R is resistance, and t is delay. If available, reduced model of the full-wave version can be used. For example, if the EIP structure is electrically small, the delay term t can be omitted and the model can be reduced to (Lp,P,R) PEEC model. In addition, if frequency is sufficiently high so that w*Lp » R, we can omit R term and use approximate (Lp,P) PEEC model. According to various modeling situations, (Lp) and (Lp,R) models are also useful.

</doc>
<doc id="20616757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616757" title="Walter Brown (canoeist)">
Walter Brown (canoeist)

Walter Brown (31 May 1925 – 15 April 2011) was an Australian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s. He won a bronze medal in the K-2 10000 m event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="20616758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616758" title="Gobiodon acicularis">
Gobiodon acicularis

Gobiodon acicularis, the Needlespine Coral Goby, is a species of goby native to the western central Pacific Ocean where it is an inhabitant of tropical coral reefs and eelgrass beds from Indonesia to Palau. It grows to a length of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="20616761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616761" title="Hemananda Biswal">
Hemananda Biswal

Hemananda Biswal (born 1 December 1939) is a leader of the Indian National Congress, and a former Chief Minister of Odisha, who was in office from 7 December 1989 to 5 March 1990 and again from 6 December 1999 to 5 March 2000; and was again elected as an MP from Sundergarh in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20616766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616766" title="Herbert Stone">
Herbert Stone

Herbert Henry Stone (born April 1873 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in St Albans, Hertfordshire. He played for Manchester United and Ashton North End.

</doc>
<doc id="20616778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616778" title="Samia Nkrumah">
Samia Nkrumah

Samia Yaba Christina Nkrumah (born 23 June 1960) is a Ghanaian politician and Chairwoman of the Convention People's Party. In the 2008 parliamentary election, she won the Jomoro constituency seat at her first attempt and recently became the first female to chair a major political party in the country. 
Early life and education.
She is the daughter of the first president of Ghana, Kwame Nkrumah and his Coptic Egyptian wife Fathia Rizk. She was born at Aburi in the Eastern Region of Ghana in 1960. She was forced to leave Ghana with her mother and brothers on the day of the 1966 coup. They were resettled in Egypt by the Egyptian government. She returned with her family in 1975 at the invitation of General Acheampong's National Redemption Council government and attended Achimota School. She however left the country again when her mother decided to return to Egypt in the early 1980s. She proceeded to London, later completing her studies at the School of Oriental and African Studies of the University of London in the United Kingdom, where she obtained the degree of Bachelor Arabic Studies in 1991. She also completed a Master's degree at the same institution in 1993.
Politics.
She became the first woman to ever head a major political party in Ghana. Her victory, along with three other female members of the party, is hailed as marking the renaissance of the ailing C.P.P., and an affirmation of the party's long held tradition of promoting women's rights.
In an article about her, titled “The new Mandela is a woman” the American newspaper, the Huffington Post, describes and analyses Samia's impact on Ghanaian and African politics.
She is one of the founders of Africa Must Unite which aims to promote Kwame Nkrumah's vision and political culture. As part of this philosophy, she decided to go into active politics in Ghana.
She contested the Jomoro constituency seat in the Western Region of Ghana and beat the incumbent MP, Lee Ocran of the National Democratic Congress with a majority of 6,571, winning about 50% of the total valid votes cast.
She was elected as the first woman chairperson of the Convention People's Party on Saturday 10 September 2011. She won the poll with 1,191 votes, and her nearest contender, the incumbent, polled 353 votes. By this feat, she became the first woman to ever head a major political party in Ghana.
2012 Elections.
On 9 December 2012, Samia Yaaba Nkrumah lost her Jomoro parliamentary seat to the NDC contestant, Wing Commander Francis Anaman, a retired Officer of the Ghana Airforce.
Chairwoman of CPP.
The election of Hon. Samia Yaaba Nkrumah, daughter of Dr Kwame Nkrumah - Ghana’s first President - as the party’s Chairperson has rekindled hopes for the CPP’s future transformation into a credible and formidable political force in Ghana.
Samia Nkrumah holds a clear conviction in her charismatic father’s ideology. This shared belief, coupled with her unique appeal to the youth and women within and across Ghana’s Nkrumahist faithful, makes her the ideal person to bring the positive change in Ghana.
When Nkrumah formed the CPP, he envisaged a socialist-based political machinery whose strength would be derived from the urban working class and rural peasantry. He believed this would enable him to undertake his state-led developmental programme and actualize his pan-African vision after independence. By 1957, Nkrumah’s charismatic appeal, effective organisational skills and connection with the masses had turned the CPP into a vibrant political force that delivered Sub-Saharan Africa’s first independence.
Following a coup in 1966, the military junta disbanded the CPP and its ancillary organisations. Under new legislation, the Elections and Public Officers Disqualification, many CPP functionaries were disqualified from holding any public offices. The systematic exclusion of the CPP in Ghana’s body politic persisted through subsequent civilian and military regimes until its revival in 1996 following years of legal wrangling which began when Ghana returned to constitutional rule in 1992.
In 2008 she contested the Jomoro Constituency on the CPP’s ticket. Her victory was unique because for the first time the CPP won an election in Ghana’s legislature without any “special alliances” with other political parties.
In parliament, Samia has maintained an independent identity and voice for the CPP that has been uncharacteristic of previous CPP legislators. Indeed, she is one of just a few Ghanaian politicians who could be described as modest in thought but formidable in action.
Her strong showing in the race for the CPP chair, where she polled 1,151 votes against the combined 695 votes of 3 other candidates, attests to her strong endorsement within the party. Already, she has declared her intention to unite the various Nkrumahist elements and groups in Ghana under the umbrella of the CPP as a way of boosting the electoral fortunes of the party. In addition, she has instituted a Friday Freedom Forum initiative in which she hopes to build a lively policy platform that will make the CPP resemble a potential “government in waiting”.
Career.
Samia started work as a bank clerk with the London branch of the Bank of India in 1984. She then worked with the Al-Ahram as a journalist in various capacities starting from 1989.
Family.
Samia is the second child of Kwame Nkrumah Ghana"s first President and Fathia Nkrumah. She has two brothers, Gorkeh Gamal and Sekou Nkrumah. She also has an older half-brother, Professor Francis Nkrumah, a retired Lecturer and Consultant Paediatrician. She is married to Michele Melega, an Italian-Danish man. Samia and Michele have a son, Kwame Thomas Melega.

</doc>
<doc id="20616794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616794" title="Reslosound">
Reslosound

Reslosound - also known as Reslo were British manufacturers of electrical musical equipment. In particular they were very well known for the RB Ribbon microphone. This is sometimes referred to as the "Beatles Mic" as they were used a great deal in the Cavern in Liverpool England as well as many other live music venues, recording studios and broadcasters in the 1960s. Notably the BBC used them and they could be seen in many programmes including their flagship sports programme Grandstand. Ribbon microphones in general are making a big comeback over the last few years and many producers (including Mick Glossop) and musicians are using the Reslosound microphones again after finding their sound provides a warm classic tone. 
References.
Retrieved on 09/12/2008
Retrieved on 09/12/2008

</doc>
<doc id="20616798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616798" title="Grip (auto racing)">
Grip (auto racing)

Grip is a term describing the total cornering envelope of a race car by the friction of the tire as a function of i.a. the mass of the machine and the downforce generated.

</doc>
<doc id="20616807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616807" title="Abdelrazak al-Restom al-Dandachi">
Abdelrazak al-Restom al-Dandachi

Abdelrazak al-Restom al-Dandachi ( was a Syrian politician. He was a notable figure of nationalism during the 1930s. 
He was born in 1899 in Syria to a large feudal family. He enrolled at the University of Damascus in 1927, after high school in Homs. He studied Arabic law before leaving for Belgium where he preparing a doctorate at the University of Brussels. In Europe, he became an active member of the Arab Students Association, a partisan political organization of Arab nationalism. 
After his return to Syria in 1933, he founded the "al-Osbet'amal al-Qawmi (عصبة العمل القومي) an Arab nationalist party in which he became the first secretary general. The aim of the party was to terminate the mandate granted to France in Lebanon and Syria by the League of Nations (SDN) following the First World War. He organized the movement of general strikes and called for a boycott of French administration. 
On July 5, 1935, at age 35 he found mysteriously killed in Damascus in a streetcar accident.

</doc>
<doc id="20616827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616827" title="Wetland conservation">
Wetland conservation

Wetland conservation is aimed at protecting and preserving areas where water exists at or near the Earth's surface, such as swamps, marshes and bogs. Wetlands cover at least six per cent of the Earth and have become a focal issue for conservation due to the ecosystem services they provide. More than three billion people, around half the world’s population, obtain their basic water needs from inland freshwater wetlands. The same number of people rely on rice as their staple food, a crop grown largely in natural and artificial wetlands. In some parts of the world, such as the Kilombero wetland in Tanzania, almost the entire local population relies on wetland cultivation for their livelihoods.
Fisheries are also an extremely important source of protein and income in many wetlands. According to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization, the total catch from inland waters (rivers and wetlands) was 8.7 million metric tonnes in 2002. In addition to food, wetlands supply fibre, fuel and medicinal plants. They also provide valuable ecosystems for birds and other aquatic creatures, help reduce the damaging impact of floods, control pollution and regulate the climate. From economic importance, to aesthetics, the reasons for conserving wetlands have become numerous over the past few decades.
Wetland definition.
Various definitions of wetlands exist. The Convention on Wetlands of International Importance, also known as the Ramsar Convention, defines wetlands as including: lakes and rivers, swamps and marshes, wet grasslands and peatlands, oases, estuaries, deltas and tidal flats, near-shore marine areas, mangroves and coral reefs, and human-made sites such as fish ponds, rice paddies, reservoirs, and salt pans. Meanwhile, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or Wetlands Reserve Program, describes wetlands as "those areas that are inundated or saturated by surface or groundwater at a frequency and duration sufficient to support, and that under normal circumstances do support, a prevalence of vegetation typically adapted for life in saturated soil conditions. Wetlands generally include swamps, marshes, bogs and similar areas." Wetlands vary widely in their salinity levels, climatic zones, supported flora, surrounding geography, whether they are coastal or inland and so on.
Wetland functions.
The main functions performed by wetlands are water filtration, water storage, biological productivity, and provide habitat for wildlife.
Filtration.
Wetlands aid in water filtration by removing excess nutrients, slowing the water allowing particulates to settle out of the water which can then be absorbed into plant roots. Studies have shown that up to 92% of phosphorus and 95% of nitrogen can be removed from passing water through a wetland. Wetlands also let pollutants settle and stick to soil particles, up to 70% of sediments in runoff. Some wetland plants have even been found with accumulations of heavy metals more than 100,000 times that of the surrounding waters' concentration. Without these functions, the waterways would continually increase their nutrient and pollutant load, leading to an isolated deposit of high concentrations further down the line. An example of such a situation is the Mississippi River’s dead zone, an area where nutrient excess has led to large amounts of surface algae, which use up the oxygen and create hypoxic conditions (very low levels of oxygen).
Wetlands can even filter out and absorb harmful bacteria from the water. Their complex food chain hosts various microbes and bacteria, which invertebrates feed on. These invertebrates can filter up to 90% of bacteria out of the water this way.
Storage.
Wetlands can store approximately 1-1.5 million gallons of floodwater per acre. When you combine that with the approximate total acres of wetlands in the United States (107.7 million acres), you get an approximate total of 107.7 - 161.6 million million gallons of floodwater US wetlands can store. By storing and slowing water, wetlands allow groundwater to be recharged. "A 550,000 acre swamp in Florida has been valued at $25 million per year for its role in storing water and recharging the aquifer." And combining the ability of wetlands to store and slow down water with their ability to filter out sediments, wetlands serve as strong erosion buffers.
Biological productivity.
Through wetlands ability to absorb nutrients, they are able to be highly biologically productive (able to produce biomass quickly). Freshwater wetlands are even comparable to tropical rainforests in plant productivity. Their ability to efficiently create biomass may become important to the development of alternative energy sources.
While wetlands only cover around 5% of the Conterminous United States’s land surface, they support 31% of the plant species. They also support, through feeding and nesting, up to ½ of the native North American bird species. Bird populations, while playing a major role in food webs, are also the focus of several, well-funded recreation sports. (Waterfowl hunting and bird watching to name a pair)
Wildlife habitat.
Wildlife Habitat is important not only for the conservation of species but also for a number of recreational opportunities. As a conservation purpose, wildlife habitat is managed for maintaining and using the resources in sustainable manner. Ninety-five percent of all commercially harvested fish and shellfish in the United States are wetland dependent. Muscatatuck National Wildlife Refuge is an example of recreational destination for hunting, fishing, wildlife observation and photography that has a good wildlife management. Some parts of the area are wetlands managed for providing habitat of migratory birds, such as waterfowl and songbirds. The 14 million United States hunters generate in excess of $50 billion annually in economic activity. This does not include the 60 million people that watch migratory birds as a hobby. The Florida Keys wetland area generates more than $800 million in annual tourism income alone.
The past several decades have seen an increasing number of laws and regulations regarding wetlands, their surroundings, and their inhabitants, creating protections through several different outlets. Some of the most important have been and are the Migratory Bird Act, Swampbuster, and the Clean Water Act.
In Australia, there was little or no concern for wetland conservation until after WW2 when groups of hunters combined to form Field and Game Australia which lobbied government for the introduction of licences with licence fees to be used for the protection of wetlands and habitat.
Conservation by country.
Conservation efforts vary in intensity and method by country.
New Zealand.
Over 90% of the wetlands in New Zealand have been drained since European settlement, predominantly to create farmland. Wetlands now have a degree of protection under the Resource Management Act.
Republic of Macedonia.
The fragments of wetland habitats that are still in existence in the Republic of Macedonia are present as marsh or swamp communities. These patches are present at Studenchishte (small fragment near Ohrid Lake), Pelagonia (village Chepigovo), Negortsi Spa, Bansko, Belchishte wetland and Monospitovo marsh. The large areas of swamps that used to be present in most of the valleys in contemporary Republic of Macedonia have undergone a great transformation over the last 50–60 years. The main cause for their reduction is land reclamation, drainage, and conversion into arable land for agricultural needs (Smith and Smith, 2003). Some of the remaining wetlands (Negortsi Spa, Bansko) are of great importance for understanding the genesis of marsh vegetation in the Republic of Macedonia as many mountainous marshes and peat bogs suffered anthropogenic transformation due to the capturing of water from mountain springs and streams for the purposes of generating drinking water (Smith, 2003). Accordingly, the fragmentation and transformation of previous swamps had a major impact on faunal distribution and abundance. Amphibians are the most affected species along with invertebrate and vertebrate groups including the European Otter (Lutra Lutra L.). It is listed as Nearly Threatened according to the IUCN’s red list and mainly found now only in the Belchishte wetland (Smith 2003; Smith and Smith, 2003). The otter has importance for the wetland communities not just in Macedonia but also in other European countries such as the Netherlands and Germany (Reuther, 1995; Reuther et al., 2001). Macedonian wetlands lie within the network of some of the bigger rivers in Macedonia including the Vardar River, a catchment area equal to 80% of Macedonian territory.
South Africa.
The South African Department of Environmental Affairs in conjunction with the departments of Water Affairs and Forestry, and of Agriculture, supports the conservation and rehabilitation of wetlands through the Working for Wetlands program. The aim of this program is to encourage the protection, rehabilitation and sustainable use of South African wetlands through co-operative governance and partnerships. The program is also a poverty relief effort, providing employment in wetland maintenance.
Sweden.
The Swedish national wetland inventory (VMI) is one of the world's most extensive systematic inventories of nature types that has ever been done. VMI has surveyed the wetlands of Sweden below the alpine region during a 25-year period. In total 35 000 objects (sites) are included in VMI, corresponding to an area of 4.3 million hectares, or 10% of the land area of Sweden. The aim of the survey has been to increase the general knowledge of wetlands in Sweden, as a basis for environmental monitoring and natural resources planning. By investigating the impact of human activities on wetlands and identifying the most valuable wetlands, their values can be preserved for future generations. The results from the inventory were also meant to function as background data for the authorities' decisions concerning e.g. drainage permits.
United States.
The USA centred its wetland conservation efforts through legislation enforcement creating requirements that if a wetland had to be drained; developers had to offset the loss through the generation of artificial wetlands. A restoration project by the State of Florida in the Everglades acquired U.S. Sugar Corporation land allowing for water delivery, water treatment, and water storage of sufficient quantity and quality to mimic the Everglades' natural system.

</doc>
<doc id="20616829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616829" title="River Clydach, Monmouthshire">
River Clydach, Monmouthshire

The River Clydach is a short, steep and fast-flowing river in Monmouthshire and the county borough of Blaenau Gwent in south Wales. It lies within the Brecon Beacons National Park. It is around in length.
The river rises on the southern slopes of Mynydd Llangatwg () then heads south-east through Clydach Dingle past Brynmawr. It then enters the spectacular Clydach Gorge, dropping about to Gilwern and its confluence with the River Usk 
"Clydach" is a common name for watercourses in south Wales and is thought to derive from an old Welsh word for "swift" or possibly "stoney", both of which would apply in this case.

</doc>
<doc id="20616830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616830" title="George Nevin">
George Nevin

George William Nevin (16 December 1907 - January 1973) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Lintz, County Durham. He played for Newcastle United, Sheffield Wednesday, Manchester United, Burnley and Lincoln City.

</doc>
<doc id="20616833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616833" title="Gobiodon citrinus">
Gobiodon citrinus

Gobiodon citrinus, the Poison Goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean from the Red Sea and the coast of Africa to the western Pacific Ocean to Japan, Samoa and the Great Barrier Reef. They are reef dwellers being found at depths of from and in association with "Acropora" corals. The mucus produced by this fish is toxic. They grow to a length of TL. They have varied body colour and could be either dark brown, or pale yellow. They also have blue vertical lines that go around their eyes and gills. This species is also found in the aquarium trade and has been reared in the aquarium.

</doc>
<doc id="20616847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616847" title="Fort Saint Louis (Martinique)">
Fort Saint Louis (Martinique)

Fort Saint Louis (often hyphenated as Fort Saint-Louis) is a seaside fortress in Fort-de-France, Martinique. The present-day fort has evolved from earlier strongholds that were erected on the site as early as 1638, and has been known in previous incarnations as Fort Royal and Fort de la Republique. The modern-day Fort Saint Louis is both an active naval base and a listed historic site of France. There are daily tours of the fort, though the portion that is still a naval base is off-limits.
Naval base.
Fort Saint Louis is under command of the "capitaine de vaisseau" in charge of the navy and the naval air forces for the Caribbean (COMAR ANTILLES). The forces based here include the BATRAL "Francis Garnier" (L9031); the P400 class patrol vessel "Fougueuse" (P685); and the frigate "Ventôse" (F733).
The active part of the fort includes the administrative buildings of the base, the service for naval constructions, the radio station of Pointe des Sables, ammunition storage facilities (at the end of Fort de France), and the Rivière Salée station (20 km away).
Environment.
Fort Saint Louis has a commanding view of the anchorage of Fort-de-France, the island's capital city. It stands on a rocky peninsula at the edge of Fort-de-France Bay. 
The fort has been home to many generations of a small but enduring colony of Green Iguana. The species, "Iguana iguana", is not indigenous to Martinique and the reptiles are thought to have arrived by boat from either French Guyana or the Îles des Saintes and thrived in the fort area after their release or escape.
History.
In 1635, during the reign of Louis XIII, Pierre Belain d'Esnambuc and the Compagnie des Îles de l'Amérique established a French colony in Martinique, which the company governed until 1650. In 1638 the colonists constructed a small fort at the end of the bay by Fort de France to protect vessels undergoing careening. The work was completed by 1672 due to the efforts of Governor General Jean-Charles de Baas-Castelmore, and a ditch was cut to separate the fort from the town.
On 19 July 1674, during the Third Anglo-Dutch War, Admiral de Ruyter led a Dutch fleet of eighteen warships, nine storeships, and fifteen troop transports bearing 3,400 soldiers in an attack on the fort. The attack lasted three days before the Dutch gave up. After the initial Dutch attack, Governor Sainte Marthe called a war council. Sieur de Gemozat, the Royal Lieutenant, was the only member to absolutely reject the option to surrender. Still, Captain Aycard, at ruinous personal cost, demolished his warehouse to prevent the Dutch vessels from entering the "carenage"; the King rewarded the captain by authorizing him thereafter to fly an admiral's pennant wherever he went. During the siege, Thomas-Claude Renar de Fuschemberg, Marquis d'Amblimont and commander of the 44-gun vessel "Les Jeux", used his vessel's guns to prevent the Dutch frigates from approaching the fort more closely, and the Dutch land forces from over-running the North Bastion. Today, the actions of Aycard, de Baas, de Gemozat and D'Amblimont are memorialized in structures in the fort that bear their names.
In 1677, Charles de La Roche-Courbon, comte de Blénac, became Governor General, holding the post until 1683. He was responsible for the 10-year effort that resulted in the building of a 487 meter wall around the peninsula, the wall being four meters high and two meters thick. Comte de Blénac served as Governor General again from June 1684 to February 1691, and again from 24 Nov 1691 until his death in 1696. His successor was the Marquis d'Amblimont, who had played an important role in the repulse of the Dutch.
In January 1759, the fort repulsed an attack by the English sailor, Admiral Rodney. A second English attack three years later was more successful. The British forces occupied two hills overlooking Fort Saint Louis, Morne Garnier and Morne Tartenson. Fort Saint Louis, although strong on the seaward side, was ill-prepared to resist bombardment from above and an attack from the landward. The British were therefore able to force its surrender. During this and subsequent periods of British occupation, the fort bore the name Fort Edward.
On 11 February 1763, after the Treaty of Paris returned Martinique to French control, the English left and the fort resumed its name of Fort Royal. The French proceeded to construct a second fort, Fort Bourbon, on Morne Garnier to protect Fort Saint Louis. 
In 1793, with the advent of the French Revolution, the fort's name was changed to Fort de la Republique.
In February 1794, the English Admiral John Jervis attacked Martinique, taking it after a 28 day siege. By 20 March only Fort Bourbon and Fort Royal still held out. Jervis ordered the fourth rate ship of the line HMS "Asia" (64 guns), and the sloop, HMS "Zebra" to take Fort Saint Louis. "Asia" was unable to get close, and so Commander Faulknor of "Zebra" volunteered to undertake the capture without the help of the larger vessel. Despite facing heavy fire, he ran his sloop close under the walls. He and his ship's company used "Zebra's" boats to land. The British stormed the fort and captured it. Meanwhile the boats of the British fleet captured Fort Royal and two days later Fort Bourbon capitulated. 
The Governor General of Martinique at the time was Donatien Marie Joseph de Vimeur, comte de Rochambeau. The British occupied the fort from 22 May 1794 until September 1802 when the Treaty of Amiens again returned Martinique to France. The fort was renamed Fort Saint Louis.
The English captured Martinique again in 1809. During their attack, Commander Charles John Napier of the brig-sloop "Recruit" noticed that Fort Edward, as he termed it, appeared abandoned. He took a gig and with four men, landed, scaled the fort's walls, and hoisted a British flag. Sir Alexander Cochrane immediately landed marines to occupy the fort and turn its mortars, which its fleeing garrison had not spiked, against the French. 
Admiral Louis Thomas Villaret de Joyeuse, who had become Governor General in September 1802, was still in office at the time of the British attack. A Court of Inquiry in Paris in December 1809 stripped the Admiral and some of his subordinates of their rank and honors, holding them responsible for problems with the fortification of Fort Desaix and the subsequent loss of the island. The British occupied the fort from 21 February 1809 to 8 October 1814, and again briefly in 1815 after Napoleon escaped from Elba. Several British regiments, such as the Royal Welsh Fusiliers, the 63rd (The West Suffolk) Regiment of Foot, and others, have 'Martinique 1809' as one of their battle honors.
Between 1850 and 1896, the French installed a number of artillery pieces at the fort and at Pointe des Negres to protect the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20616853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616853" title="Lou Ann Rickley">
Lou Ann Rickley

Lou Ann Rickley is a retired United States Marine Corps officer. She was the First female Harrier engine mechanic and the first to fill the position of Series Chief Drill Instructor with the 4th Recruit Training Battalion.
Rickley was selected to become the second female Warrant Officers in the Aircraft Maintenance Officer field in the Marine Corps, and was the only Aircraft Maintenance officer selected and promoted to Captain in 1999, and finally the first female Aircraft Maintenance Limited Duty Officer Major in March 2005.
After her retirement, she became the first Program Management Air 226 West Coast CH-46 Helicopter Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20616865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616865" title="Congress Terminal">
Congress Terminal

Congress Terminal was a stub-end terminal on the "L" in downtown Chicago, Illinois. It was located at Congress Parkway over Holden Court. The terminal was in operation from 1892 to 1963. 
Congress Terminal was built by the Chicago and South Side Rapid Transit Railroad and was one of Chicago's original 'L' stations. On August 1, 1949, the CTA stopped service to the terminal as part of the service revision introducing A-B Skip-Stop service to the south side. The Chicago North Shore and Milwaukee Railroad continued to use the station as a baggage terminal until the line quit in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20616866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616866" title="Gobiodon atrangulatus">
Gobiodon atrangulatus

Gobiodon atrangulatus is a species of goby native to the western Pacific where it is known to occur around Japan (including the Ogasawara Islands and the Ryukyus) and Fiji. It inhabits tropical reefs where it is associated with "Acropora" corals. This species can reach a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20616873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616873" title="Camp Loma Mar">
Camp Loma Mar

YMCA Camp Loma Mar is a coed resident summer camp serving youth from ages 7–17. It is located in Loma Mar, an unincorporated area in San Mateo County, California. It has been in operation since 1914, and has been owned by the YMCA since 1937. It is affiliated with the YMCA of the East Bay, headquartered in Oakland, California. It is open year round, and when summer camp is not in session, Camp Loma Mar is in use as a facility for conferences and retreats.
Camp Loma Mar is surrounded by redwoods in the Santa Cruz Mountains, 10 miles east from the Pacific Ocean and 15 miles south of Half Moon Bay. The facilities on Camp Loma Mar's 100 acres include a swimming pool, an arts and crafts pavilion, a climbing wall, a zip line, an archery range, hiking trails, a low ropes course, basketball and volleyball courts, Loma Mar's iconic ga-ga pit, and the requisite stage and campfire pit.

</doc>
<doc id="20616886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616886" title="Bluespotted Watchman goby">
Bluespotted Watchman goby

Cryptocentrus pavoninoides is a species of goby native to the western central Pacific Ocean where it occurs in coastal waters at depths of from forming small colonies on the sea floor. It grows to a length of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="20616891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616891" title="Ahmad Izzat al-Abid">
Ahmad Izzat al-Abid

Ahmad Izzat al-Abid (1855 - 1924) (أحمد عزت العابد) was a Syrian politician. 
Abid was born in Damascus, but he was educated in Beirut, Lebanon. He spoke Arabic, French and Turkish. He moved to Istanbul where he served the Ottoman sultan, Abdul Hamid II as an adviser. He left the Ottoman Empire in 1908 and moved to London for some time before living in France and Switzerland. He then left for Egypt, where he died in 1924. 
Abid accumulated great wealth during his life. He was also a businessman and owned numerous enterprises or buildings including the largest tourist hotel in Syria, the Victoria Hotel in Damascus. 
He was the father of Mohammed Ali Bay al-Abid, who served as president of Syria from 11 June 1932 until 21 December 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20616903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616903" title="McPherson's Purchase">
McPherson's Purchase

McPherson's Purchase is a historic farm complex dating to the 19th century and located near Pomfret, Charles County, Maryland, United States. 
It is a working farm encompassing , a majority of which is cleared and under cultivation. Located there is a complex of 18 domestic and agricultural support structures, 11 of which date prior to 1870. They include two tobacco barns, two wagon or equipment sheds, a corncrib, and a granary, all dating from about 1840-1860, and a former tobacco house built in the late 18th century. Other buildings include a kitchen-service structure, a small garden or storage shed, and a meathouse. A duplex slave quarters with a central chimney is also on the property as well as seven early-20th century buildings, including a double-pile frame house of simple architectural styling built about 1910. It is significant as a unique representative of a regionally typical 19th century farmstead. 
McPherson's Purchase was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20616913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616913" title="Kyle Kingsbury">
Kyle Kingsbury

Kyle Loren Kingsbury (born March 22, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist. He was a cast member of Spike TV's "". Kyle is currently signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), fighting in their Light Heavyweight division.
Early life.
Kingsbury attended Monta Vista High School in Cupertino, California. Kingsbury played high school football for the school, playing the defensive tackle position. He earned many titles such as: "Defensive Lineman of the Year" in the Santa Clara Valley League (2000), two-time first-team all-league selection (1999 and 2000), also earned second-team All-Central Coast Section honors behind first-team selection Jared Allen his senior year. Kingsbury was selected by the North squad for the North vs. South San Jose Charlie Wedemeyer All-Star football game, after a senior season where he racked up 53 tackles, 10 sacks and two fumble recoveries in his final year. Kyle was the captain for both his football team and his wrestling team. 
After graduating in 2000, Kyle attended Mesa Community College and earned his associate's degree in 2003.
Football career.
Kingsbury later transferred to Arizona State University (ASU). He was a walk-on for the football team where he was a scout team member in the 2003 season and saw playing time in the 2004 season, including in ASU's 2004 Sun Bowl victory over Purdue University.
Mixed martial arts.
"The Ultimate Fighter".
Kingsbury fought Ryan Bader for a spot on the show, he lost to Bader by arm-triangle choke in the second round. After the discovery of two injured fighters, Kingsbury was brought in to replace one of them. He was picked by Antonio Nogueira's team and Nogueira called Kingsbury the leader of the team. In the first round of fights, Krzysztof Soszynski defeated Kingsbury. In the finale Kingsbury was matched up against Tom Lawlor. Kingsbury lost a unanimous decision to Lawlor at the Ultimate Fighter Finale.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Kingsbury made his UFC debut against former castmate Tom Lawlor. He was defeated via unanimous decision on the preliminary card at the The Ultimate Fighter 8 Finale. Even though Kingsbury did not win any fights on TUF and did not win his debut, the UFC decided to keep him signed.
At UFC 104, Kyle fought in his second UFC bout against Razak Al-Hassan. The fight went to the judges and was scored in the favor of Kyle who took a split decision. 
Kingsbury defeated Jared Hamman via unanimous decision on September 15, 2010 at UFC Fight Night 22 in a bout that earned "Fight of the Night" honors.
Kingsbury improved his UFC record to 3-1 after a TKO victory over Ricardo Romero in 0:21 seconds of the first round, on February 5, 2011 at UFC 126.
Kingsbury faced Fabio Maldonado on June 4, 2011 at The Ultimate Fighter 13 Finale. He won the fight via unanimous decision and also earned the "Fight of the Night" honors for his performance.
Kingsbury next faced Stephan Bonnar on November 19, 2011 at UFC 139. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Kingsbury fought UFC newcomer, Glover Teixeira on May 26, 2012 at UFC 146. At one point in the bout, Kingsbury was knocked down with a brutal uppercut and submitted by arm triangle.
Kingsbury lost to debuting Jimi Manuwa on September 29, 2012 at UFC on Fuel TV 5 by TKO due to doctor stoppage. Kingsbury took tremendous punishment in the fight before the doctor ended the bout due to his left eye swelling shut. Kingsbury revealed on The MMA Hour that his orbital bone was fractured in two places but that it did not require surgery.
Personal Life.
Kyle is a huge supporter of the U.S. military, and has gone on 12 tours to visit troops stationed overseas. The tours range from 10-17 days, often going to upwards of 7 countries on a single tour.
He most recently went to Afghanistan and Kuwait for 2 weeks in January of 2014, only returning home for 6 days, before departing again for a Western Hemisphere tour lasting 10 days.
On tour, Kyle has been to Iraq, Afghanistan, Bahrain, Dubai, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Abu Dhabi, Germany, Belgium, England, Cuba, France, Honduras, England, Puerto Rico, Djibouti, Dubai, and The Bahamas. 

</doc>
<doc id="20616928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616928" title="Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards 2008">
Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards 2008

34th LAFCA Awards<br>
December 9, 2008
Best Film: <br>
The 34th Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards, given by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association (LAFCA), honored the best in film for 2008. Pixar's animated film "WALL-E" won the Best Film award and became the first ever animated film to do so, however, the film lost the Best Animated Film award to "Waltz with Bashir".

</doc>
<doc id="20616931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616931" title="Harekrushna Mahatab">
Harekrushna Mahatab

Harekrushna Mahatab (ହରେକୃଷ୍ଣ ମହତାବ) (21 November 1899 – 2 January 1987) was a leader of the Indian National Congress, a notable figure in the Indian independence movement and the Chief Minister of Odisha from 1946 to 1950 and again from 1956 to 1961. He was popularly known by the sobriquet "Utkal Keshari".
Early life.
Harekrushna Mahtab was born at Agarpada village in Bhadrak district of Odisha. He was born to Krushna Charan Das and Tohapha Debi. After passing his matriculation examination from Bhadrak High School, he joined Ravenshaw College, Cuttack but left his studies in 1921 to join the independence movement.
Political career.
In 1922, he was imprisoned and charged of sedition. He was the Chairman of Balasore District Board from 1924 to 1928. He became the member of Bihar and Odisha Council in 1924. He joined the Salt Satyagraha movement and was imprisoned again in 1930. He was elected as the General Officer Commanding of Congress Sevadal for the AICC session at Puri in 1932 and he was arrested when the party was banned. He participated in the movement against untouchability in 1934 and opened his ancestral temple to all for the first time in Odisha. Later, he started Gandhi Karma Mandir at Agarpada. He was the President of Utkal Pradesh Congress Committee from 1930 to 1931 and again in 1937. He was nominated to the Congress Working Committee by Subhas Chandra Bose in 1938 and continued till 1946 and again from 1946 to 1950. He was the President of State Peoples' Enquiry Committee in 1938 and recommended cancellation of Sanada of the rulers and merger of the erstwhile princely states with Odisha Province. He participated in the Quit India Movement in 1942 and was imprisoned from 1942 to 1945.
Mahatab was the first Chief Minister of Odisha from April 23, 1946 to May 12, 1950. He was the Union Minister of Commerce and Industry from 1950 to 1952. He became the secretary general of the Congress Parliamentary Party in 1952. He was the Governor of Bombay from 1955 to 1956. After resigning from Governorship in 1956, he again became the Chief Minister of Odisha from 1956 to 1960. During his tenures as the Chief Minister, he played significant role in the merger and integration of former princely states, shifting of the capital from Cuttack to Bhubaneshwar and the sanction and construction of the multi-purpose Hirakud Dam Project. He was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1962 and became the vice-president of the Indian National Congress in 1966. In 1966, he resigned from the Congress and led the Odisha Jana Congress. He was elected to the Odisha Legislative Assembly in 1967, 1971 and 1974. He was imprisoned in 1976 for protesting against the emergency.
Intellectual pursuits.
He was the founder of the Prajatantra Prachar Samiti and started the weekly magazine "Prajatantra" in 1923 at Balasore, which later became the "Daily Prajatantra". He was the chief editor of a monthly journal "Jhankar" since its inception. He received the Sahitya Academy award in 1983 for the third volume of his well-known work, "Gaon Majlis".
Awards and honors.
He was the President of Orissa Sahitya Academy and Sangit Natak Academy for a couple of terms. He received an honorary Doctorate degree from Andhra University, an honorary D.Litt. from Utkal University and an honorary Doctorate of Law from Sagar University.

</doc>
<doc id="20616945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616945" title="Shearing Pinx">
Shearing Pinx

Shearing Pinx are an Experimental/Punk rock band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Formed in 2005, the band is made up of Nic Hughes (Vocals/Guitar) and Jeremy Van Wyck (Drums).
The band has over 50 releases including vinyl records, cassettes and CDs, most of which are on singer Nic Hughes' own record label Isolated Now Waves.
The band is often associated with The Emergency Room venue in Vancouver and were featured in an article about Vancouver's "Weird Punk Scene" in the Canadian Music Newspaper Exclaim!.

</doc>
<doc id="20616950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616950" title="Pink-speckled shrimpgoby">
Pink-speckled shrimpgoby

Cryptocentrus leptocephalus, the Pink-speckled shrimpgoby, is a species of goby native to the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs on silty substrates in coastal reefs, lagoons, mangrove swamps and tide pools. It grows to a length of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="20616960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616960" title="Scripps Health">
Scripps Health

Scripps Health is a nonprofit health care system based in San Diego, California. The system includes four hospitals and 19 outpatient facilities, and treats a half-million patients annually through 2,600 affiliated physicians.
The system also includes clinical research and medical education programs.
The Scripps name dates to 1924 when philanthropist Ellen Browning Scripps established Scripps Memorial Hospital and the Scripps Metabolic Clinic in La Jolla, California. Scripps Mercy Hospital joined the system in 1995, and was founded in 1890 making it San Diego's oldest hospital. Other facilities are Scripps Green Hospital, Scripps Memorial Hospital Encinitas, the Scripps Clinic and Scripps Coastal Medical Center.
In 2002, Scripps Health switched its hospital buying agent from Novation to MedAssets. Scripps Health had issues with fees that Novation had collected from medical supply companies. Scripps estimated that the agreement with MedAssets would save $20 to $25 million per year of the $212 million the hospital network spent annually on supplies.
The company was ranked 37th by "Forbes" magazine on its 2011 list of the "100 Best Companies to Work For", citing the company's retirement program and contribution.
History.
Scripps Health is one of the many organizations that grew out of Ellen Browning Scripps’ philanthropic efforts. In 1924, while recovering from a broken hip in a poorly equipped sanitarium in La Jolla, Calif., Scripps resolved to build the finest hospital she could for the community. Scripps Memorial Hospital was founded on a site on Prospect Street, where it grew until 1964, when it relocated to its present site.
She also founded Scripps Metabolic Clinic in 1924, which eventually split to become The Scripps Research Institute and Scripps Clinic.
Mercy Hospital, San Diego’s longest-established hospital and only Catholic health care facility, joined Scripps Health in 1995. Scripps Mercy Hospital now features campuses in San Diego and Chula Vista.
Scripps Health’s facilities and services continue to grow, and now include home health services, clinical research, medical education, comprehensive cancer care and genomic medicine programs.
Major programs and centers.
There are a number of notable specialty programs within Scripps Health, including
Plans.
The organization has a number of projects planned, including Scripps Cardiovascular Institute, which will serve as a center for heart disease treatment, research and graduate medical education.
Groundbreaking has begun on the Scripps Proton Therapy Center, planned for completion in spring 2013. It will be only the second facility in the Western U.S. to offer proton therapy, primarily used in cancer treatment.
The health system also plans to expand its Scripps Memorial Encinitas campus with additional parking and emergency department capacity, as well as enhancements to its stroke and heart attack receiving centers. This project is in the community review process.
Scripps Mercy Hospital’s San Diego campus is raising funds to expand and modernize its facility, including the emergency department.
The Scripps Genomic Medicine and Scripps Translational Science Institute continue work toward the application of genetic information to individualized medical care.
Other Projects.
In 1997, Scripps Whittier Diabetes Institute implemented Project Dulce which enhances traditional diabetes care for underserved individuals by connecting primary care physicians with a bilingual, culturally competent team of professionals who are specially trained in techniques for managing diabetes. After 1 year in the program, participants showed significant improvements in HbA1c, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and diastolic blood pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="20616968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616968" title="Aoki (name)">
Aoki (name)


</doc>
<doc id="20616975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616975" title="Biren Mitra">
Biren Mitra

Biren Mitra (26 November 1917–25 May 1978) was an Indian politician, a leader of the Indian National Congress and the Chief Minister of Odisha from 2 October 1963 to 21 February 1965.
He is the only Bengali, who became the Chief Minister of Odisha.

</doc>
<doc id="20616977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616977" title="Yellow prawn-goby">
Yellow prawn-goby

Cryptocentrus cinctus, the Yellow prawn-goby, is a species of goby native to the Western Pacific where it can be found at depths of from in coastal bays and lagoons. This species is commensal with alpheid shrimps. This species can reach a length of SL. In the marine aquarium hobby they are often partnered with Tiger pistol shrimp.

</doc>
<doc id="20616983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20616983" title="Pleasant Hill (Pomfret, Maryland)">
Pleasant Hill (Pomfret, Maryland)

Pleasant Hill is a historic home located near Pomfret, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, three-bay Tidewater house constructed between 1761 and 1848. The house illustrates the characteristic pattern of homes from small one- and two-room 18th-century dwellings into the larger houses that survive today. 
Pleasant Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20617003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617003" title="Baylar">
Baylar

Baylar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20617015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617015" title="Lama Gonpo Tseten">
Lama Gonpo Tseten

Gonpo Tseten Rinpoche, (1906–1991), Dzogchen master, author, painter, sculptor, and teacher of the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism.
Biography.
Gönpo Tseten was born in 1906 in Amdo, the eastern province of Tibet, into a family heritage of ngakpas. At the age of seven he was sent to Sangchen Mingye Ling, a Nyingmapa monastery. At the age of 15, having shown great promise as a future teacher, he studied with Kargi Tertön and accomplished the preliminary practices of Tibetan Buddhism.
At Sangchen Mingye Ling, Gönpo Tseten continued his Dharma studies and the traditional Tibetan arts and sciences. It was at this time that he began to display great skill in drawing, painting, and sculpture. In 1925, at the age of 18, he completed two images of Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara, each standing over six feet high.
About the age of twenty he married and had a son, Pema Rigdzin. after two years he and his wife separated. He later married again, this time to Drolma Chi with whom he happily spent the remainder of his time in Tibet before 1959. Three years before the Chinese army arrived, he moved to Lhasa with his wife and son. Unfortunately, in the terrible conditions during the Chinese invasion of Tibet, Gönpo Tseten became separated from his wife and son, who did not escape.
He then undertook a journey of twenty days in order to study for a year with the Tertön Choling Tuching Dorje, a disciple of Dodrupchen Rinpoche. After this for four months he received the transmission and empowerments of the Rinchen Terdzod from the great Dzogchen master Bathur Khenpo Thubten Chöphel, who was also a guru of Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche and the 6th Dzogchen Rinpoche. Later, the ngakpa Gönpo Tsering taught him Tu, the art of overcoming enemies. This was essential since his gompa in Amdo needed protection from surrounding afflictions, including ruthless bandits and wild animals. After this, he studied sutra and tantra, including the Yönten Dzö, at Sukchen Tago Gompa in Golok, which was established by the First Dodrupchen Rinpoche in 1799.
His student Ngawang Khedup, who studied with Lama Gönpo in Clement Town, Dhera Dun, India, and accompanied him when he came to America, reported that among the other places Gönpo Tseten studied in his youth was one of the most famous of Tibet’s tantric colleges (Rabgon Ngakmang – "the place of many Tantrikas"), where the most secret yogic practices were taught in depth and practiced to completion. At the end of the tummo course, as a test of their accomplishment, the students went to the deep holes dug in the ground behind the buildings on a cold winter's night. The student would then go down to the bottom of a hole and see how many wet blankets could be dried out in a single night by inner heat. The exuberant students would also see how far that they could ascend into the air above the hole, to discover which among them could rise up the highest. "I was told," Ngawang wrote, "that people standing at a distance away could see Lama Gönpo rising above, not just the other yogis, but also the row of buildings that were in front!" Having himself brought tantric siddhis to fruition, Lama Gönpo understood and strongly emphasized to his students that such outward signs must be the fruit of inner realization rather than goals in themselves.
In 1932 he met his root guru, the Longchen Nyingtik lineage holder Patrul Rinpoche Kunzang Shenpen Özer of Tsö, the tulku of Patrul Rinpoche Chökyi Wangpo, who was himself a heart-son of Adzom Drukpa Drodul Pawo Dorje. According to the late Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche, in his autobiography Brilliant Moon, Patrul Rinpoche of Tsö was an emanation of Avalokiteshvara and a very unusual person who would feed hundreds of beggars at his monastery upon condition that they enter the gate of the Dharma and undertake ngöndro preliminary practices.
Under his guru's direction he did Richö, a solitary mountain retreat, for four years including ngöndro, tsa-lung and Dzogchen progressing through the stages of the path to the realization of the supreme state. At the end of his retreat Patrul Rinpoche of Tsö asked him to teach others and, in 1936, he was given the role of vajra acharya to teach Patrul Rinpoche's disciples in the master's absence. As well, he was given the knowledge-holder name Rigdzin Trinlé Özer.
For two years he taught tsa-lung and Dzogchen at Patrul Rinpoche's monastery in Tsö. He then did further retreat for one year to deepen his realization before going to Dzogchen Monastery in 1939 and 1940. Lama Gönpo then returned to his own gompa, Sangchen Mingye Ling, bringing with him the Kangyur, Rigdzin Jigmé Lingpa's Ton Bum, Yonden Subdon, and other profound texts totaling 1,552 pages.
At Sangchen Mingye Ling he became khenpo, and also did another several years in retreat. Converting his monastery to one which concentrated on the Longchen Nyingtik teachings of Rigdzin Jigmé Lingpa he would teach the Kunzang Lamé Shyalung of Patrul Chökyi Wangpo. In the winter he taught tsa-lung, and in the summer, Yeshe Lama. His fame spread far and wide like the rays of the sun.
Numerous lamas asked him to teach at their gompas. He taught at eight monasteries throughout Amdo, teaching twice a year at each. From 1957 to 1959 he taught at the renowned Tsering Jong Monastery of Kunkhyen Jigme Lingpa himself near Lhasa.
In 1959, Lama Gönpo managed to escape from Tibet. Having arrived in India, Lama Gönpo steadfastly continued to teach the Dharma far and wide, and received numerous teachings from other exiled teachers. There, he wrote a compact edition of the Kunzang Lamé Shyalung. To dispel obstacles, he did a three month retreat on Vajrakilaya at the residence of H.H. the Dalai Lama. At the end of his retreat the Dalai Lama presented him with an offering of a phurba hidden as a terma treasure by Padmasambhava, Guru Rinpoche, and discovered by the great terton Nyang Ral Nyima Özer (1124–1192), the first of the five sovereign terma revealers. Much later, since no material object was important to him in the least unless it could serve the dharma, due to his foreknowledge, at the appropriate time before he departed for the Copper-Coloured Mountain in 1991, Lama Gönpo transferred this precious artifact to a generous benefactor and gave all of the large donation he received to help fund the community of nuns he was guiding in Amdo.
From 1967 to 1978 Lama Gönpo taught at the Nyingmapa Lamas College at Clement Town, Dehra Dun, India, teaching the entire range of the preliminary and advanced practices. In 1979 Lama Gönpo was requested to come and teach in the United States by Gyatrul Rinpoche. From 1979 to early 1982, accompanied by his consort Pema Lhanzam, he taught mainly in California, where he taught almost the entire Longchen Nyingtig cycle, including the Yeshe Lama to his devoted students. He was particularly skillful in his guidance of disciples, and could be very gentle, paternal, warm, and encouraging or forthrightly challenging, always expecting those who studied with him to make the greatest possible effort in their practice.
Once, after the appearance of unmistakable signs, Lama Gönpo told a disciple, "You are definitely the incarnation of a yogi in Tibet who did a certain Dorje Phurba practice." When the student asked if it were possible to discover more about this, his teacher casually replied, "Of course, but inquiring into past lives is not important for most people. It takes away attention from the key point. The key point for is to bring to fulfillment the practice in this very lifetime." A few days thereafter the vidyadhara bestowed the necessary empowerments on the student in order for him to continue the path his teacher had identified.
While in America, Lama Gönpo was an inexhaustible river of extensive empowerments and teachings on every level of the Longchen Nyingtig, from teachings on the Nine Yanas, to Rigdzin Jigme Lingpa's kyérim text Staircase to Akanishtha, to one of the first comprehensive Chö empowerments and teachings given in North America, Laughter of the Dakinis, Phowa, Shitro, Rigdzin Düpa, among many others, as well as teachings on the nature of mind, both Semdé (Mind Category) and Longdé (Space Category) all the way up to and including the unsurpassed Yeshe Lama, all transmitted from the perspective of highest Dzogchen Atiyoga.
When the Chinese government allowed exiled Tibetans to return in 1982 Lama Gönpo, despite the fact that he had attained the age of 76, courageously returned to Amdo, the region of his birth, and gathered a dedicated community of practitioners, who were mainly nuns, to help in the revival of the Dharma in the Land of Snows. After visiting America once more for a brief period, Lama Gönpo remained in Tibet until his death at the age of 85.
Before Lama Gönpo left the USA the first time, at a final interview with one of his students, who was himself embarking on the path of a spiritual teacher, the disciple humbly requested his root guru, "This is the last time we will meet in this life. What are your essential instructions for me?" The great vidyadhara answered simply, "Always teach pure dharma, and always rest in rigpa." In these two phrases Lama Gönpo Tseten set forth a succinct and accurate description of his own life and teaching.
Lama Gönpo Tseten was deeply humble and comfortable in all situations, both high and low, and was immune to praise or blame. He had no interest in founding organizations or building dharma centers and so left that activity for other masters to accomplish. Although he himself possessed unimpeded insight and had the power to authoritatively recognize and enthrone tulkus, which he occasionally did as he foresaw would be helpful, Lama Gönpo did not consider his own enthronement as a reincarnate master to be necessary and so dispensed with that formality.
As were Choje Longchen Rabjam, Kunkhyen Jigme Lingpa, and Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo, Gonpo Tseten Rinpoche was considered to be a secret emanation of Panchen Vimalamitra, who brought the Dzogchen teachings to Tibet. This fact is alluded to in his long life prayer, written by H.E. Dungse Thinley Norbu Rinpoche of Pemakö:
<poem>
Of the millions of knowledge-holders
The chief is the Supreme Vimalamitra,
Whose light-ray sunlike activity you invite as guests
Into the lotus-like Wisdom Mansion of your heart.
Glorious teacher Rigdzin Trinley Ozer, may you live long.
The Dzogpa Chenpo is the Dakinis' luminous heart-essence,
The Supreme Dharma's excellent activity spread widely like pollen.
May your fortunate disciples gathering like bees to honey,
Fly in the Dharmakaya's sky.
</poem>
Although he had planned to depart this world on the tenth day of the sixth Tibetan month, that day being special to Guru Rinpoche, Lama Gönpo kindly acceded to his students' request and delayed his departure three days. Like Kunzang Sherab the 1st Throneholder of Palyul, and Terdak Lingpa the founder of Mindrolling Monastery, just before his parinirvana the Vidyadhara Trinlé Özer, as he had predicted, saw the dakinis coming to convey his consciousness to the Copper-Coloured Mountain, Guru Rinpoche's pure land. Lama Gönpo made beautiful inviting mudras as his physical body was dying, and passed into the sphere of ultimate truth on the 13th day of the sixth Tibetan month in the Iron-Sheep Year of the 17th Rabjung, 1991.
Lama Gönpo mentioned in 1981 that he would not reincarnate as a conventional tulku, but would send emanations directly from the Copper Colored Mountain.
Writings.
Some writings of Lama Gönpo Tseten Rinpoche (published under the name Gonpo Tseten):
In addition to his own writings, in 1977 Lama Gönpo Tseten Rinpoche also published in Gangtok the following texts by Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo:
Artistic accomplishments.
Among Lama Gönpo Tseten's many artistic accomplishments are two major murals in Clement Town, Dhera Dun, India: “Amitabha in Dewachen” at Tashi Gommo Gelugpa Monastery, and “Mount Meru and the Universe System” at the Nyingmapa Lamas College. He also painted a large thangka of the Longchen Nyingtik Refuge Tree and smaller thangkas of Padmasambhava and Vajrakilaya, some of which he gave to Thinley Norbu Rinpoche. Subsequently, the main figure of Guru Rinpoche of Lama Gönpo's painting was used as the cover for The Padmakara Translation Group's translation of White Lotus by the 1st Jamgon Mipham Rinpoche.

</doc>
<doc id="20617023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617023" title="Lythrypnus dalli">
Lythrypnus dalli

Lythrypnus dalli, the Blue-banded goby, is a species of goby native to the eastern Pacific from the Gulf of California, Mexico to Ecuador and northern Peru. It can be found in coastal waters at depths of from with rocky substrates in which there are crevices for concealment. It is also known to hide amongst the spines of sea urchins. This species can reach a length of TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20617028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617028" title="Rory Hanniffy">
Rory Hanniffy

Rory Hanniffy (born 1982 in Birr, County Offaly) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Birr and has been a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team since 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20617040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617040" title="Sadashiva Tripathy">
Sadashiva Tripathy

Sadashiva Tripathy (1910–1980) was an Indian politician, a leader of the Indian National Congress political party and the Chief Minister of Odisha from 21 February 1965 to 8 March 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20617042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617042" title="SM U-69">
SM U-69

SM "U-69 was a Type U 66 submarine or U-boat for the German Imperial Navy () during the First World War. She had been laid down in February 1914 as U-10" the fourth boat of the "U-7" class for the Austro-Hungarian Navy () but was sold to Germany, along with the others in her class, in November 1914.
The submarine was ordered as "U-10" from Germaniawerft of Kiel as the first of five boats of the "U-7" class for the Austro-Hungarian Navy. After the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the Austro-Hungarian Navy became convinced that none of the submarines of the class could be delivered to the Adriatic via Gibraltar. As a consequence, the entire class, including "U-10", was sold to the German Imperial Navy in November 1914. Under German control, the class became known as the U 66 type and the boats were renumbered; "U-10" became "U-69", and all were redesigned and reconstructed to German specifications. "U-69" was launched in June 1915 and commissioned in September. As completed, she displaced , surfaced, and , submerged. The boat was long and was armed with five torpedo tubes and a deck gun.
As a part of the 4th Flotilla, "U-69" sank 31 ships with a combined gross register tonnage of 102,875 in five war patrols. "U-69" left Emden on her sixth patrol on 9 July 1917 for operations off Ireland. On 11 July, "U-69" reported her position off Norway but neither she nor any of her crew were ever heard from again. British records say that "U-69" was sunk by destroyer on 12 July, but a German postwar study cast doubt on this. "U-69"s fate is officially unknown.
Design and construction.
After the Austro-Hungarian Navy had competitively evaluated three foreign submarine designs, it selected the Germaniawerft 506d design, also known as the Type UD, for its new "U-7" class of five submarines. The Navy ordered five boats on 1 February 1913.
The "U-7" class was seen by the Austro-Hungarian Navy as an improved version of its "U-3" class, which was also a Germaniawerft design. As designed for the Austro-Hungarian Navy, the boats were to displace on the surface and while submerged. The doubled-hulled boats were to be long (OA) with a beam of and a draft of . The Austrian specifications called for two shafts with twin diesel engines ( total) for surface running at up to , and twin electric motors ( total) for a maximum of when submerged. The boats were designed with five torpedo tubes; four located in the bow, one in the stern. The boats' armament was to also include a single 66 cm/26 (2.6 in) deck gun.
"U-10" was laid down on 7 February 1914, and her construction was slated to be complete within 29 to 33 months.
Neither "U-10" nor any of her sister boats were complete when World War I began in August 1914. With the boats under construction at Kiel, the Austrians became convinced that it would be impossible to take delivery of the boats, which would need to be towed into the Mediterranean past Gibraltar, a British territory. As a result, "U-10" and her four sisters were sold to the Imperial German Navy on 28 November 1914.
"U-10" was renumbered by the Germans as "U-69" when her class was redesignated as the Type U 66. The Imperial German Navy had the submarines redesigned and reconstructed to German standards, which increased the surface displacement by and the submerged by . The torpedo load was increased by a third, from 9 to 12, and the deck gun was upgraded from the gun originally specified to an one.
Service career.
"U-69" was launched on 24 June 1915. On 4 September, SM "U-69" was commissioned into the Imperial German Navy under the command of Kapitänleutnant Ernst Wilhelms. On 4 March 1916, "U-69" was assigned to the IV. "U-Halbflotille".
"U-69" successfully completed five war patrols in which she sank 31 ships with a combined a total of . "U-69"s most successful month for number of ships sunk was April 1916, when she sank eight ships of 21,051 tons in a span of six days. The month with the highest tonnage sunk was June 1917 when she sank five ships of 28,808 tons in a nine-day span; nearly half of that total came from one ship, the 13,441-ton British armed merchant cruiser sunk on 14 June. "Avenger" had been patrolling off the Shetland Islands and was returning to Scapa Flow, when she was struck by a single torpedo on the port side. The ship began listing heavily and non-essential crew were evacuated while destroyers arrived and took her under tow. Despite strenuous efforts to save her, "Avenger" foundered ten hours after being hit when her internal bulkheads collapsed. One man was killed in the attack.
"U-69" began her sixth and final patrol on 9 July when she departed from Emden, destined for operations off Ireland. "U-69"s position report at 02:30 on 11 July reported that she was south of Lindesnes, Norway, and was the last known contact with "U-69". According to author Dwight Messimer, two British sources report that sank "U-69" at position on 12 July. An observer in a kite balloon deployed by "Patriot" spotted a surfaced U-boat at 07:00. The U-boat submerged and "Patriot" hunted the submarine until noon, when it loosed two depth charges that brought thick brown oil to the surface. A postwar study by Germany cast doubt on whether or not the submarine attacked by "Patriot" was "U-69". Officially, her fate remains unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20617047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617047" title="Linden Woods, Winnipeg">
Linden Woods, Winnipeg

Linden Woods is a neighbourhood in the southwest corner of city of Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada apart of the Fort Gary North neighbourhood cluster. The first phase was designed by IDE (Interdisciplinary Engineering Company) in 1980. The construction of houses began in 1982.
The centerpiece of the neighborhood is a lake that adjoins Van Walleghem Park and Muys Park. Around 2400 homes, set up in a curvilinear style typical of new suburbs revolve around the lake. Wilkes Avenue and the Sterling Lyon Parkway form the northern border, McGillivray Boulevard forms the southern border, Waverley Street forms the eastern border and Kenaston Boulevard forms the western border.
Demographics.
In 2006, the population of Linden Woods was 9,550. The racial make up was 74% White, 1.3% Aboriginal and 24.7% being a Visible Minority; 10% South Asian, 8.3% East Asian, 4.3% Southeast Asian, and the rest fall into another group. Linden Woods is 3.6 km squared, which has a population density of 2,643.1 people per square km.
Linden Woods is one of Winnipeg's wealthier neighbourhood, with a median household income of $104,927, which is more than double the cities at $49,790. There are 3,150 dwellings in Linden Woods worth an average of $288,444. Only 1.1% of dwellings are in need of major repairs, which is about 8 times lower than the city average and 91% of dwellings are owned.
Crime.
Linden Woods is a quieter neighbourhood, it has low crime rates. In 2012, there was only 1 robbery (10.5 per 100,000 residents), 3 motor vehicle thefts (31.4) and 21 break-ins (219.9). All of these rates are significantly lower than the national average; the robbery rate is 8 times lower, the auto-theft rate is 7 times lower, and the break-in rate is half that national rate. A 16 year old Robbert Ingram has been notorious for kush dealing however.
Points of interest.
Schools.
There are 3 schools located in Linden Woods
Public Transportation.
Three bus routes travel through Linden Woods
The 2006 census reported that 3.4% of the population uses the bus as there primary mode of transportation, which is lower compared to the city-wide rate at 14.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="20617049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617049" title="Abil">
Abil

Abil (, also spelled Abel or Aabel) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located 10 kilometers south of Homs. Nearby localities include al-Nuqayrah and Kafr Aya to the north, Maskanah to the northeast, Judaydat al-Sharqiyah to the east, Shinshar to the southeast, Damina al-Sharqiyah to the south, al-Buwaydah al-Sharqiyah to the southwest and Qattinah to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Abil had a population of 2,873 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
Abil is identified the Roman era settlement of Abila Lysaniae. The medieval Syrian geographer Yaqut al-Hamawi visited the village in the 1220s, noting it was "A village of Hims, lying near the city, to the south, and about 2 miles distant." 

</doc>
<doc id="20617050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617050" title="Foxe Channel">
Foxe Channel

The Foxe Channel () is an area of sea in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It separates the Foxe Basin (to the north) from Hudson Bay and the Hudson Strait (to the south). To the west and south-west is Southampton Island, to the east is Baffin Island, and to the north-west is the Melville Peninsula.
The channel takes its name from the English explorer Luke Foxe who reached it in 1631.

</doc>
<doc id="20617065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617065" title="Genethics">
Genethics

Genethics: The Clash between the New Genetics and Human Values is a 1990 book by David Suzuki and Peter Knudtson, published by Harvard University Press. Genethics is a guide for general readers to modern genetic technology and the myriad ethical issues it raises.
David Suzuki is a well-known environmentalist and science broadcaster. Peter Knudtson is a freelance science writer based in Vancouver.
External links.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Suzuki

</doc>
