<doc id="20799917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799917" title="Larry Boelens">
Larry Boelens

Larry Boelens (September 12, 1942 – August 23, 1988) was an American television lighting consultant, gaffer, electrician, second unit photographer, and director of photography. He worked in several capacities on some noted television sitcoms, among them "Soap", as well as on episodes of the original "WKRP in Cincinnati", one of them being the famous "Turkeys Away" episode, for which he was the lighting consultant. He was also lighting consultant on the two-part pilot episode for the series. He also worked on the children's Saturday morning series "The Bugaloos". He served as gaffer on the films "Let's Do It Again" (1975) and "Sheila Levine Is Dead and Living in New York" (1975), and as lighting director for the program "20 Minute Workout". His most notable work, however, may have been as director of photography for the 1977 television production of Tchaikovsky's Christmas ballet "The Nutcracker" starring Mikhail Baryshnikov, a now-classic interpretation of the work that has become a television, VHS, and DVD favorite. He was also director of photography on "Cindy", a 1978 all-black modern retelling of "Cinderella", and on several episodes of "Bosom Buddies", the sitcom that introduced Tom Hanks to television audiences.
Boelens died at the age of 45 in 1988, the same year that he served as second unit photographer on the John Hughes comedy "She's Having a Baby".
Though Boelens himself was never nominated for an Emmy Award, several of the television programs on which he worked were, including "Soap", "WRKP in Cincinnati", the Baryshnikov "Nutcracker", and "Cindy".

</doc>
<doc id="20799926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799926" title="Daddy's Girls">
Daddy's Girls

"For the 1994 sitcom, see Daddy's Girls (1994 TV series)"
"Daddy's Girls" is an American reality television series on MTV. The series debuted on January 5, 2009 with the second season premiering on August 11, 2009. The series follows Vanessa and Angela Simmons (oldest daughters of Joseph Simmons a.k.a. Rev Run), along with friends and family, as they start start their new business and lives in Los Angeles. 
The series is a spin-off of the series Run's House.

</doc>
<doc id="20799927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799927" title="Aram Quartet">
Aram Quartet

Aram Quartet was an Italian musical group that won the title after taking part in the first Italian edition of the talent show X Factor. The band split in 2010.
The group was composed of:
The name Aram comes from the first letter of the names of the members of the "quartet". They were mentored during the series by Morgan and their vocal coach was Gaudi. They won a contract from Sony BMG estimated at 300,000 Euros.
Their first EP "ChiARAMente" was released on July 18, 2008 and reached FIMI (Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana) Albums charts at #9. Their first single was "Chi (Who)" reaching position 5 in the Italian Singles Chart. A cover of "Per Elisa" was released by Aram Quarted and reached position 6 in Italian Singles Chart.
In 2009 they realised their first long album, "Il pericolo di essere liberi".

</doc>
<doc id="20799943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799943" title="Phenylethanolamine">
Phenylethanolamine

Phenylethanolamine (sometimes abbreviated PEOH), or β-hydroxyphenethylamine, is a biogenic amine related structurally to the major neurotransmitter norepinephrine, and the biogenic amine octopamine. As an organic compound, phenylethanolamine is a β-hydroxylated phenethylamine that is also structurally related to a number of synthetic drugs such as phenylpropanolamine, and the ephedrine family of alkaloids/drugs. In common with these compounds, phenylethanolamine has strong cardiovascular activity and, under the name "Apophedrin", has been used as a drug to produce topical vasoconstriction.
In appearance, phenylethanolamine is a colorless solid.
Phenylethanolamine is perhaps best known in the field of bioscience as part of the enzyme name "phenylethanolamine N-methyl transferase", referring to an enzyme which is responsible for the conversion of norepinephrine into epinephrine, as well as other related transformations.
Occurrence.
Phenylethanolamine has been found to occur naturally in several animal species, including humans.
Chemistry.
Synthesis.
An early synthesis of phenylethanolamine was by the reduction of 2-nitro-1-phenyl-ethanol. Other early syntheses are summarized in a paper by Hartung and Munch.
A more recent synthesis, providing a better yield, is by the reduction of benzoyl cyanide using LiAlH4.
Properties.
Chemically, phenyethanolamine is an aromatic compound, an amine, and an alcohol. The amino-group makes this compound a weak base, capable of reacting with acids to form salts.
Two common salts of phenylethanolamine are the hydrochloride, C8H11NO.HCl, m.p. 212°C, and the sulfate, (C8H11NO)2.H2SO4, m.p. 239-240°C.
The pKa of phenylethanolamine hydrochloride, at 25°C and at a concentration of 10mM, has been recorded as 8.90.
The presence of the hydroxy-group on the benzylic C of the phenylethanolamine molecule creates a chiral center, so the compound exists in the form of two enantiomers, d- and l-phenylethanolamine, or as the racemic mixture, d,l-phenylethanolamine. The dextrorotatory isomer corresponds to the S-configuration, and the levorotatory isomer to the R-configuration The data given in the Chembox, at right, is for the racemate.
The synthesis of S-(+)-phenylethanolamine, from (+)-mandelic acid, via (+)-mandelamide, has been described. The physical constants reported in this paper are as follows: m.p. 55-57°C; [α] = + 47.9° (c 2.4, in ethanol).
Pharmacology.
Early, classical pharmacological studies of phenylethanolamine were carried out by Tainter, who observed its effects after administering it to rabbits, cats and dogs. The drug produced a rapid rise in blood pressure when administered i.v., but had little or no effect when given by any other route: doses as high as 200 mg given s.c. to rabbits did not alter blood pressure, nor were there any effects when the drug was intubated into the stomach.
In man, a total oral dose of 1 g also produced no effects.
Doses of 1–5 mg/kg, i.v., caused no definite changes in respiration in cats or rabbits, and additional experiments showed that phenylethanolamine had no broncho-dilatory properties in animals. There was a similar lack of effect when the drug was given s.c. to man.
"In vivo" and "in vitro" experiments involving cat and rabbit intestinal smooth muscle showed that the drug produced relaxation and inhibition.
A detailed examination of the mydriatic effect of phenylethanolamine led Tainter to conclude that this drug acted by direct stimulation of the radial dilator muscle in the eye.
Shannon and co-workers confirmed and extended some of Tainter's studies. After administering phenylethanolamine to dogs intravenously, these investigators observed that 10–30 mg/kg of the drug increased pupil diameter, and decreased body temperature; a dose of 10 or 17.5 mg/kg decreased heart rate, but a 30 mg/kg dose caused it to increase. Other effects that were noted included profuse salivation and piloerection. Phenylethanolamine also produced behavioral effects such as stereotyped head movement, rapid eye movement, and repetitive tongue extrusion. These and other observations were suggested to be consistent with an action on α- and β-adrenergic receptors.
Research by Carpéné and co-workers showed that phenylethanolamine did not significantly stimulate lipolysis in cultured adipocytes ("fat cells") from guinea pig or human. Moderate stimulation (intrinsic activities about half that of the reference standard, isoprenaline) was observed in adipocytes from rat or hamster. This lipolysis was inhibited completely by bupranolol (considered to be a non-selective β-blocker), CGP 20712A (considered to be a selective β1-antagonist), and ICI 118,551 (considered to be a selective β2-antagonist), but not by SR 59230A (considered to be a selective β3-antagonist).
Using a β2 adrenergic receptor preparation derived from transfected HEK 293 cells, Liappakis and co-workers found that in wild-type receptors, racemic phenylethanolamine had ~ 1/400 x the affinity of epinephrine, and ~ 1/7 x the affinity of norepinephrine in competition experiments with 3-CGP-12177.
The two enantiomers of phenylethanolamine were studied for their interaction with the human trace amine receptor (TAAR1) by a research group at Eli Lilly. From experiments with human TAAR1 expressed in rGαsAV12-664 cells, Wainscott and co-workers observed that R-(-)-phenylethanolamine (referred to as "R-(-)-β-hydroxy-β-phenylethylamine") had an ED50 of ~1800 nM, with an Emax of ~ 110%, whereas S-(+)-phenylethanolamine (referred to as "S-(+)-β-hydroxy-β-phenylethylamine") had an ED50 of ~1720 nM, with an Emax of ~ 105%. In comparison, β-phenethylamine itself had an ED50 of ~106 nM, with an Emax of ~ 100%.
Pharmacokinetics.
The pharmacokinetics of phenylethanolamine, after i.v. administration to dogs, were studied by Shannon and co-workers, who found that the drug followed the "two-compartment model", with T1/2(α) ≃ 6.8 mins and T1/2(β) ≃ 34.2 mins; the "plasma half-life" of phenylethanolamine was therefore about 30 minutes.
Biochemistry.
Phenylethanolamine was found to be an excellent substrate for the enzyme phenylethanolamine N-methyl transferase (PNMT), first isolated from monkey adrenal glands by Julius Axelrod, which transformed it into N-methylphenylethanolamine.
Subsequent studies by Rafferty and co-workers showed that substrate specificity of PNMT from bovine adrenal glands for the different enantiomers of phenylethanolamine was in the order R-(-)-PEOH > R,S-(racemic)-PEOH > S-(+)-PEOH.
Toxicology.
The minimum lethal dose (m.l.d.) upon s.c. administration to guinea pigs was ~ 1000 mg/kg; the m.l.d. upon i.v. administration to rabbits was 25–30 mg/kg.; in rats, the m.l.d. after i.v. administration was 140 mg/kg.

</doc>
<doc id="20799967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799967" title="Phobos (Marvel Comics)">
Phobos (Marvel Comics)

Phobos is the name of two fictional comic book characters appearing in books published by Marvel Comics characters. The first appeared in "Dr. Strange, Sorcerer Supreme" #32 (August 1991) in a story written by Roy Thomas and Jean-Marc Lofficier. 
The second and current Phobos first appeared in the 2006 "Ares: God of War" mini-series (written by Michael Avon Oeming; art by Travel Foreman). He is the son of Ares and a member of the Secret Warriors.
Due to the nature of gods in the Marvel Universe, in addition to the retcon surrounding the current Phobos (see below) the relationship between the two has not been explicitly explained.
Original.
Publication history.
The original Phobos first appeared in the "A Gathering of Fear" storyline in "Dr. Strange, Sorcerer Supreme" #32 (August 1991) written by Roy Thomas and Jean-Marc Lofficier. He reappeared in "The Great Fear" storyline in DS:SS #39 (March 1992).
Fictional biography.
Phobos and his brother Deimos are sons of Ares and Nox (posing as Venus) but were killed by Thor and Hercules in their first appearance. Later the Fear Lords release so much fear that Nox is able to bring her sons back, creating them from the Darkforce but they were eventually defeated again. Phobos meets his final fate when Amatsu-Mikaboshi assaults Olympus and kills him.
Alexander.
Publication history.
The current Phobos, Alexander, first appeared in the "Ares" limited series in 2006 written by Michael Avon Oeming. Here, he is manipulated by Amatsu-Mikaboshi into becoming a warrior until his father, Ares, saves him many years later, a young adult with god-like powers. This ending is ignored for future storyline purposes.
The character returns, retconned by Brian Michael Bendis and reduced to a ten year old boy with no specialized training in "Mighty Avengers" #1, then reappears in the Secret Invasion crossover, in "Mighty Avengers" and the "Secret Invasion" limited series. Once Dark Reign started, he began appearing regularly in "Secret Warriors".
Fictional character biography.
The current Phobos is a young boy named Alexander Aaron. In the 2006 "Ares: God or War" mini-series, Alexander is taken from his father, Ares, by Zeus, and then kidnapped by the Japanese god Amatsu-Mikaboshi. Mikaboshi, in an attempt to destroy the Marvel pantheons, trains and manipulates Alex for at least five Olympian years - which vary substantially from human years in that years can pass to the gods while simultaneously only a few days or months passing for humans - under the guise of a mother-figure who eventually turns him into a deadly swordsman. He is saved from the evil deity when the combination of Zeus and Ares's influences broke his brainwashing. Their salvation apparently eliminates his skills.
Brian Michael Bendis then ret-conned these events in "Mighty Avengers". When Alex / Phobos is first approached by fellow Secret Warrior Daisy, he is once again a young boy, untrained, and aware that his father is the god Ares ("Mighty Avengers #13"). (The general story of Mikaboshi destroying the Marvel pantheons and Zeus' sacrifice remains canon however). It's at this point that Daisy reveals to Alex that he is Phobos. After this, he begins to gain fear like powers, having inherited the original's abilities. However, in Mighty Avengers #13 he scared off couple of boys and after that he lied to Daisy that he doesn't have any powers, but she doesn't believe him. After talk with her he says 'that explains so much' because he realises then that he's new Phobos, and was born mortal, but after drinking Mikaboshi's blood he became god and now he has fear powers and Daisy told him who he really is (new god of fear). In that issue Ares tells him that he's an Avenger right now and he cannot worry about his grades.
During the Secret Invasion storyline, Alex is recruited by Nick Fury for his team of Secret Warriors. Post-invasion, he remains a member of the team and has shown evidence of additional pre-cognitive powers. However, his father has noticed his absence upon receiving a truancy notice. In the aftermath of Utopia, Ares followed Alex and Daisy to one of Fury's base, where he discovers his son's affiliation with the former S.H.I.E.L.D. director. Fury tells Ares that his son has potential. Ares ultimately accepts his son's decision, meaning that he doesn't need to hide his allegiance anymore. Phobos later pilots a Fury Life Model Decoy to assist Black Widow and Songbird but they are captured by the Thunderbolts. As soon as Norman Osborn shoots the LMD in the head, Phobos reveals himself, inflicting Osborn with the fear that he will lose his mind soon enough. During Siege, Phobos tried to tag along with the other secret warriors to help the Asgardians, but Nick Fury wouldn't let him, because he knew his father would die and he didn't want him to witness it. When the fiasco was over, Thor confronted Phobos telling him that Ares was dead and he offered to take him to see his next of kin in Mount Olympus. However, he declined his offer. Thor offered that if he ever changed his mind, he would take him there. Although he had mixed feelings with his dad, he still felt sad that he died.
Phobos is now in Elysium after having been stabbed and killed by Gorgon wielding the sword Godkiller. His last appearance had his father proud of his actions as they were reunited in the afterlife.
Powers and abilities.
Both versions of Phobos control the power of fear, a power that has been seen to cause victims to run for their lives as well as attack their partners. Certain characters have proven immune to this ability (i.e. Nick Fury, Gorgon) - citing they lack fear as the reason.
The current version of Phobos (Alex) was at one time a highly trained swordsman and possessed strength and endurance similar to other Olympian gods in the Marvel universe, however this has since been ret-conned. "Secret Warriors" #10 re-establishes his training with a sword. He was denied use of it by his father Ares, who required him to be proficient in all forms of arms before returning his sword.
Currently he, like the previous Phobos, can instill fear in others. Additionally, he has shown evidence of pre-cognitive powers.
When utilizing his fear based powers, Alex's eyes glow. The color has shown to vary between white and red. Whether this is simply due to the artist's rendering or the level of power usage is unknown.
Relationship between the two characters.
Currently, it is unclear whether the original Phobos and the current Alex are actually two separate characters. Examining their respective first appearances it would appear that they are, as both have distinct personalities and ability sets. In fact, their father Ares even explicitly states that both are separate individuals within the 2006 "Ares: God of War" mini-series.
However, this mini-series takes place before Brian Michael Bendis retconned the origin and abilities of Alex. Within the mini-series Alex had grown well into his late teens, had acquired a mastery of almost all forms of weaponry, and was well aware of his divine heritage. However, when Alex next appears in "Mighty Avengers" #13 he is barely 10, has no combat experience, and is aware that his father is the god Ares. It is also in "Mighty Avengers" #13 that Alex is first identified as Ares' son Phobos, and displays abilities similar to the original version of the character. Thus, it would appear that Bendis retconned the events of the mini-series and that Alex and Phobos are potentially the same character.
Adding to the confusion, based on the events in "The Incredible Hercules" #117 it seems that parts of the "Ares: God of War" mini-series are, in fact, still considered canon. Namely, Mikaboshi's plot and attempt to destroy the divine pantheons in the Marvel Universe. Since Alex's capture and development were central to Mikaboshi's plan, yet also directly contradict his later appearances in "Mighty Avengers" and "Secret Warriors", the current status of both characters remains unclear.
According to the "Thor & Hercules: Encyclopaedia Mythologica", the original Phobos and the current Alex are two separate characters. More specifically, they are half-brothers. The Phobos profile indicates that the original Phobos (and his brother Deimos) were killed during Mikaboshi's invasion of Olympus, and that Alexander inherited the fear-based powers of his slain older half-brother following his return to Earth.
"Dark Reign: New Nation #1" states the "Ares: God of War" limited series as the first appearance of Alex. However, this does not indicate if he is meant to be related to the previous Phobos, such as in a re-imagining or reincarnation.

</doc>
<doc id="20800001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800001" title="Ahmed Hadjali">
Ahmed Hadjali

Ahmed Hadjali (born June 16, 1976 in Boghni, Tizi Ouzou Province) is an Algerian handball player currently playing for French club US Ivry Handball and the Algerian National Team. He plays as a right wing.
Hadjali was selected in the Algerian team for the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="20800017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800017" title="Beppi's Restaurant">
Beppi's Restaurant

Beppi's Italian Restaurant is a much awarded restaurant that was established in 1956 in Sydney, Australia, by Italian-born, chef Beppi Polese and his wife Norma and is still owned and run by the family.
The restaurant serves native Italian cuisine and is one of the oldest restaurants under the same ownership and location in Australia,
Polese immigrated from Italy in 1952. His son Marc helps manage the business. Jerry Lewis, Frank Sinatra, and Rihanna have all eaten at Beppi's. Rihanna tweeted about the minestrone when she visited. (Pink) tweeted on 13th November 2012 " Recently dined at Melisse in Santa Monica. Easily the best meal of my life. Aside from Beppi's in Sydney. "

</doc>
<doc id="20800027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800027" title="Slip line field">
Slip line field

A Slip Line Field or Slip line field theory, is a technique often used to analyze the stresses and forces involved in the major deformation of metals, using theories based around maximum shear stress (http://solidmechanics.org/text/Chapter6_1/Chapter6_1.htm).

</doc>
<doc id="20800061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800061" title="Volodymyr Sterlyk">
Volodymyr Sterlyk

Volodymyr Ivanovych Sterlyk (, born 15 October 1940) is a retired Ukrainian rower. He competed for the Soviet Union at the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics and finished in fifth, third and fourth place in the eights, eights and coxed fours events, respectively. Between 1963 and 1971 he won two gold, four silver and one bronze medals at European and world championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20800068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800068" title="Tincup, Colorado">
Tincup, Colorado

Tincup, or Tin Cup, originally called Virginia City, is an unincorporated community in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States. The community was once a prominent mining town. Tincup is now a community of summer homes with a few year-round residents. Many historic buildings are still in use.
History.
In October 1859, prospector Jim Taylor panned some gold from Willow Creek, and carried it back to camp in a tin cup; he named the valley “Tin Cup Gulch.”. For years the area was the site of seasonal placer mining, but no year-round communities were established, partly because of the danger of Indian attack.
In 1878, lode deposits were discovered in the area, and the town of Virginia City was laid out in March 1879. By the 1880 census, the town had a population of 1,495. Virginia City was incorporated in August 1880, but confusion with Virginia City, Nevada, and Virginia City, Montana, caused the residents to change the name. The town was reincorporated in July 1882 as Tin Cup. 
Early Tin Cup was a violent place. Town marshal Harry Rivers died in a gunfight in 1882, and marshal Andy Jameson was shot to death in 1883.
The town population declined when the mines were exhausted. The post office closed in 1918, and the last town election was held in 1918.
The Boothill Cemetery is located just south of the town.
Location.
Tincup is at an elevation of at .

</doc>
<doc id="20800100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800100" title="Valentyn Kravchuk">
Valentyn Kravchuk

Valentyn Ivanovych Kravchuk (, April 12, 1944 – January 12, 2003) was a Ukrainian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Zhytomyr.
In 1968 he won the bronze medal with the Soviet boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20800103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800103" title="Biological functions of nitric oxide">
Biological functions of nitric oxide

The gas nitric oxide plays a wide variety of roles in biological organisms.
Nitric oxide synthesis.
Nitric oxide synthases (NOSs) synthesize the metastable free radical nitric oxide (NO). There are three isoforms of the NOS enzyme: endothelial (eNOS), neuronal (nNOS), and inducible (iNOS) - each with separate functions. The neuronal enzyme (NOS-1) and the endothelial isoform (NOS-3) are calcium-dependent and produce low levels of this gas as a cell signaling molecule. The inducible isoform (NOS-2) is calcium-independent and produces large amounts of gas that can be cytotoxic. NOS oxidizes the guanidine group of L-arginine in a process that consumes five electrons and results in the formation of NO with stoichiometric formation of L-citrulline. The process involves the oxidation of NADPH and the reduction of molecular oxygen. The transformation occurs at a catalytic site adjacent to a specific binding site of L-arginine.
NO is an important regulator and mediator of numerous processes in the nervous, immune, and cardiovascular systems. These include vascular smooth muscle relaxation, resulting in arterial vasodilation and increasing blood flow. NO is also a neurotransmitter and has been associated with neuronal activity and various functions such as avoidance learning. NO also partially mediates macrophage cytotoxicity against microbes and tumor cells. Besides mediating normal functions, NO is implicated in pathophysiologic states as diverse as septic shock, hypertension, stroke, and neurodegenerative diseases.
Non-enzymatic sources of NO.
Currently, exogenous NO sources constitute a powerful way to supplement NO when the body cannot generate enough for normal biological functions. So, recent developments of novel NO donors, NO releasing devices, and innovative improvements to current NO donors have been investigated. It should be noted that certain endogenous compounds can act as NO-donors or elicit NO-like reactions "in vivo". Prominent examples are S-nitrosothiols, certain organic nitrates, nitrosylated metal complexes, dinitrosyl-iron complexes (DNIC), and even nitrite anions (NO2- ) under hypoxic conditions 
Vasodilation.
Nitric oxide (NO) is of critical importance as a mediator of vasodilation in blood vessels. It is induced by several factors, and once synthesized by eNOS it results in phosphorylation of several proteins that cause smooth muscle relaxation. The vasodilatory actions of nitric oxide play a key role in renal control of extracellular fluid homeostasis and is essential for the regulation of blood flow and blood pressure. NO also plays a role in erection of the penis.
Induction.
Platelet-derived factors, shear stress, acetylcholine, and cytokines stimulate the production of NO by endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS). eNOS synthesizes NO from the terminal guanidine-nitrogen of L-arginine and oxygen and yields citrulline as a byproduct. NO production by eNOS is dependent on calcium-calmodulin and other cofactors.
Phosphorylation.
NO, a highly reactive free radical, diffuses into the smooth muscle cells of the blood vessel and interacts with soluble guanylate cyclase. Nitric oxide stimulates the soluble guanylate cyclase to generate the second messenger cyclic GMP (3’,5’ guanosine monophosphate) from guanosine triphosphate (GTP). The soluble cGMP activates cyclic nucleotide-dependent protein kinase G (PKG or cGKI). PKG is a kinase that phosphorylates a number of proteins that regulate calcium concentrations and calcium sensitization, hyperpolarizes cell through potassium channels, and causes actin filament and myosin dynamic alterations that result in smooth muscle relaxation. (See the article on smooth muscles).
Penile erection.
The vasodilatatory effect of NO, in turn, also plays a role in development and maintenance of penile erection. Vasodilation of blood vessels supplying the corpus cavernosum results in more blood flowing in and, hence, erection. This is the biological basis of sildenafil (Viagra), which works to inhibit the enzyme phosphodiesterase PDE5, which lowers the cGMP concentration by converting it back to GMP.
Immune system.
Macrophages, certain cells of the immune system, produce nitric oxide in order to kill invading bacteria. In this case, the nitric oxide synthase is inducible NOS.
Under certain conditions, this can backfire: Fulminant infection (sepsis) causes excess production of nitric oxide by macrophages, leading to vasodilatation (widening of blood vessels), probably one of the main causes of hypotension (low blood pressure) in sepsis. The inducible isoform of nitric oxide synthase is expressed and produces cytotoxic levels of nitric oxide.
Neurotransmission.
Nitric oxide also serves as a neurotransmitter between nerve cells, part of its general role in redox signaling. Unlike most other neurotransmitters that transmit information only from a presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small, uncharged, and fat-soluble nitric oxide molecule can diffuse widely and readily into cells. Thus, it can act on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse. At the same time, the short half-life of NO means that such action will be restricted to a limited area, without the necessity for enzymatic breakdown or cellular reuptake. NO is also highly reactive with other free radicals, lipids, and proteins.
NO-cGMP cascade is involved in learning and memory through the maintenance of long-term potentiation (LTP).
Nitric oxide is an important non-adrenergic, non-cholinergic (NANC) neurotransmitter in various parts of the gastrointestinal tract. It causes relaxation of the gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In the stomach, it increases the capacity of the fundus to store food and fluids.
Other functions.
Dietary nitrate is also an important source of nitric oxide in mammals. Green, leafy vegetables and some root vegetables (such as beetroot) have high concentrations of nitrate. When eaten and absorbed into the bloodstream, nitrate is concentrated in saliva (about 10-fold) and is reduced to nitrite on the surface of the tongue by a biofilm of commensal facultative anaerobic bacteria. This nitrite is swallowed and reacts with acid and reducing substances in the stomach (such as ascorbate) to produce high concentrations of nitric oxide. The purpose of this mechanism to create NO is thought to be both sterilization of swallowed food, to prevent food poisoning, and to maintain gastric mucosal blood flow.
A similar mechanism is thought to protect the skin from fungal infections, where nitrate in sweat is reduced to nitrite by skin commensal organisms and then to NO on the slightly acidic skin surface. In alternative fashion, nitrite anions on sun-exposed skin may be photolyzed to free nitric oxide radicals by UVA in sunlight. This mechanism may elicit significant changes to the systemic blood circulation in humans and exploited for therapeutic purposes
Nitric oxide also acts on cardiac muscle to decrease contractility and heart rate. NO contributes to the regulation of cardiac contractility. Emerging evidence suggests that coronary artery disease (CAD) is related to defects in generation or action of NO.
Reduced levels of exhaled NO have been associated with exposure to traffic related air pollution.
The bacterium "Deinococcus radiodurans" can withstand extreme levels of radioactivity and other stresses. In 2009 it was reported that nitric oxide plays an important role in this bacteria's recovery from radiation exposure: The gas is required for division and proliferation after DNA damage has been repaired. A gene that increases nitric oxide production after UV radiation was described, and in the absence of this gene the bacteria were still able to repair DNA damage, but would not grow.
Pathology.
People with diabetes usually have lower levels of nitric oxide than patients without diabetes. Diminished supply of nitric oxide can lead to vascular damage, such as endothelial dysfunction and vascular inflammation. Vascular damage can lead to decreased blood flow to the extremities, causing the diabetic patient to be more likely to develop Neuropathy and non-healing ulcers, and to be at a greater risk for lower limb amputation.
Pharmaceutical analogs.
Nitroglycerin, amyl nitrite, "poppers" (isobutyl nitrite or similar), and other nitrite derivatives are used in the treatment of heart disease: The compounds are converted to nitric oxide (by a process that is not completely understood), which in turn dilates the coronary artery (blood vessels around the heart), thereby increasing its blood supply. These drugs, however, are predominantly venodilators, dilating peripheral veins and hence reducing venous return and preload to the heart. This reduces the oxygen requirement of the myocardium and subsequently lessens the anginal pain felt with myocardial ischemia.
Effects on plants.
Numerous important discoveries about nitric oxide function within plants starting in the 1990s have made it clear that nitric oxide is an important signaling compound in plants. It is involved in such diverse functions as regulation of defense mechanisms in plant-pathogen interaction, promotion of the plant hypersensitive response, symbiosis (for example, with organisms in nitrogen-fixing root nodules), development of lateral and adventitious roots and root hairs, and control of stomatal opening. Nitric oxide is known to be produced by cellular organelles, including mitochondria, peroxisomes, and chloroplasts. It plays a role in antioxidant and reactive oxygen species responses.
Nitric oxide interactions have been found within signaling pathways of important plant hormones such as auxin and cytokinin. These recent discoveries are stimulating new research into nitric oxide's role within plants.
Atmospheric nitric oxide can enter the stomates of most vascular species, and can have effects ranging from leaf blemishing, to stunting of growth, to necrosis.
Discovery.
Endothelium-derived relaxing factor was originally the name given to several proposed factors causing vasodilation. The major endothelial-derived relaxing factor was later discovered to be nitric oxide (NO).
The discovery of the biological functions of nitric oxide in the 1980s was unexpected. Nitric oxide was named "Molecule of the Year" in 1992 by the journal Science, a Nitric Oxide Society was founded, and a scientific journal devoted entirely to nitric oxide was established. The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1998 was awarded to Ferid Murad, Robert F. Furchgott, and Louis Ignarro for the discovery of the signalling properties of nitric oxide. Salvador Moncada also identified EDRF as NO molecule but did not share the Nobel Prize primarily due to the Nobel policy of honoring only three discoverers. It is estimated that yearly approximately 3,000 scientific articles are published on the biological roles of nitric oxide.

</doc>
<doc id="20800119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800119" title="Wendy Divine">
Wendy Divine

Wendy Divine (born November 12, 1971 in Plant City, Florida, United States) is a pornographic actress. In 1998, she was one of four adult dancers featured in the HBO Documentary "Strippers: The Naked Stages". She began appearing in adult films in around 1998 at the age of about 27, and she has since appeared in over 225 movies.

</doc>
<doc id="20800150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800150" title="Juozas Jagelavičius">
Juozas Jagelavičius

Juozas Aleksandras Jagelavičius (12 January 1939 – 17 June 2000) was a Lithuanian rower. He competed for the Soviet Union at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics in the coxed eights and finished in fifth and third place, respectively. Between 1963 and 1969 he won two gold and five silver medals at European and world championships. In 1965 Jagelavičius graduated from the Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences and starting from 1972 worked as a rowing coach. His wife Genovaitė Strigaitė was also an international rower.

</doc>
<doc id="20800167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800167" title="Raymond Daniels (martial artist)">
Raymond Daniels (martial artist)

Raymond Lee Daniels (born April 29, 1980) is an American karateka, taekwondo practitioner and kickboxer. After an illustrious career in karate and taekwondo, Daniels began competing as a kickboxer in 2006 when he joined the World Combat League. There, he became one of the promotion's biggest stars, compining a 17-0 record and gaining a following due to his flashy and aggressive style of fighting.
Early life.
Raymond Daniels was born in Sun Valley, California, but was raised in Palmdale, California. He began training in American Kenpo karate in 1985 under the tutelage of his father, Frank Daniels, earning his black belt in 1992.
While still in high school, Daniels became a father. Seeking a better life for him and his son, at twenty-one, Daniels became a peace officer with the Long Beach Police Department, serving the department before retiring to concentrate on his martial arts teaching and professional kickboxing careers.
Career.
Daniels began competing in karate tournaments at early age. As a junior competitor in sport karate competitions, he would have very humble beginnings. It wasn't until heturned nineteen that he would go on to become a top rated fighter for both the National Black Belt League (NBL) and the North American Sport Karate Association (NASKA). From the ""Battle of Atlanta"" to the ""Rolex Challenge"" to the ""Irish Open"", he has repeatedly won virtually every major sport karate competition in the world today. Among his titles are eight NBL world championships (through 2010), at least two NASKA world championships (2000 and 2004 were confirmed at naska.com ratings), a second place finish at the $50,000 World Pro Taekwondo Championship in Serbia in 2010, and 9 overall championships at the Irish Open (a WAKO event billed as the world's largest fighting event).
Daniels’ talents would not go unnoticed as Don Rodrigues coach and co-founder of the famed Team Paul Mitchell Karate would soon recruit him in 1999. Daniels would part ways with the Paul Mitchell Team in 2001, and for the next several years joined several other teams.
After having accomplished all that he could in sport karate, Daniels decided to delve into the world of full contact kickboxing. In 2006, he began fighting for Chuck Norris' World Combat League promotion, as a member of the Los Angeles Stars. Daniels fought in the 80 kg/178 lbs and 88 kg/195 lbs weight divisions, compiling an impressive 17–0–0 fight record with 9 knockouts. It should also be noted that Daniels had a highly anticipated bout with fellow undefeated kickboxing star Stephen "Wonderboy" Thompson. Daniels won the history-making bout by technical knockout due to an injury suffered by Thompson that left him unable to continue the bout. However, replays showed what caused Thompson's injury was an illegal attack and has therefore the bout has since been ruled a no contest and unrecognized on both kickboxers' records.
Daniels defeated Peyton Russell via third round TKO due to three knockdowns at the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 in Las Vegas" on August 11, 2007.
Daniels would then set his sights on the world of mixed martial arts. On June 27, 2008, he made his MMA debut against twelve fight veteran Jeremiah Metcalf at "". In his one and only fight in MMA, Daniels was defeated by Metcalf by submission with a rear-naked choke in the second round.
In his first outing under full Oriental kickboxing rules, Daniels defeated two opponents in Dublin, Ireland on October 8, 2011 to win the four man 84 kg/185 lbs tournament at the "Pain and Glory" event. After knocking out English Muay Thai stylist Andy Bakewell with a spinning heel kick in the semi-finals, he took a split decision over Irish kickboxer Mark Casserly in the final.
He then signed with the Glory promotion in 2013 and was set to fight at "" on March 23, 2013 in London, England but was later removed from the card for undisclosed reasons.
Daniels TKO'd Brian Foster with a first round spinning heel kick at "" in Hoffman Estates, Illinois on October 12, 2013.
He replaced Marc de Bonte in the "" in Tokyo, Japan on December 21, 2013 for undisclosed reasons and suffered his first kickboxing loss at the hands of Joseph Valtellini in the semi-finals. He initially caused some problems for Valtellini with his unorthodox karate style but by round two, the Canadian began to hurt Daniels with low kicks and he KO'd him with a high kick in three.
Personal life.
Daniels is a single father and currently lives in Orange, California. He is an instructor at World Champion Karate in Orange, California with his business partner Steven Horst With two 6th degree black belts in American Kenpo and Shotokan karate and a 5th degree black belt in taekwondo, recently Daniels co-founded "ICE Martial Arts", a personal training and nutrition institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20800172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800172" title="Kudu FM">
Kudu FM

Kudu FM is a radio station based in Windhoek, Namibia. It has been on the air since 30 November 1998. Though based in Windhoek, Kudu FM can be heard by 95% of Namibia's people.

</doc>
<doc id="20800179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800179" title="Mike Mickens">
Mike Mickens

Mike Mickens (born July 24, 1987, in Huber Heights, Ohio) is a American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the seventh round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Cincinnati. He also played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Cincinnati Bengals.
Early years.
Mickens helped lead Wayne High School to 2 league titles and received All-Greater Western Ohio Conference honors twice. he also practiced track and field, winning the 300-meter hurdles All-State title as a junior.
He accepted a scholarship to play for the University of Cincinnati, where he became a starter (10 games) and an impact player since his freshman season, registering 51 tackles (sixth on the team), 14 passes defensed and one interception. In his second season he moved to left cornerback and registered 59 tackles (sixth on the team), 15 passes defensed and 2 interceptions. He received All-American honors as junior, after registering 53 tackles, 6 passes defensed and 6 interceptions (second on the school single-season record).
He elected to return to school for his senior season, but suffered a left knee injury on November 20, 2008, during a practice. He missed the last 3 regular season games and returned to play in the Orange Bowl, but struggled in the contest. He registered 70 tackles (second on the team), 10 passes defensed and 4 interceptions. He left as the school's career leader in interceptions (14) and interception return yards (296). 
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Mickens was considered a possible first round talent, but ended up being selected in the seventh round of the 2009 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys. He dropped because of concerns about a left knee injury he suffered in college, that caused him to run 4.53 at his Pro Day. He was released before the start of the 2009 season, after showing a lack of speed and quickness. He was signed to the practice squad with the hope that he could return to his old form.
Tampa bay Buccaneers.
The Tampa Buccaneers signed him from the Dallas Cowboys practice squad on November 2, 2009. He was released on November 24.
Cincinnati Bengals.
The Cincinnati Bengals signed him to their practice squad on November 11, 2009. He was released on April 15, 2010.
Calgary Stampeders (CFL).
He signed with the Calgary Stampeders on May 31, 2010. He retired in 2010 because of an injury.
Personal life.
In 2011 he was a defensive assistant at the University of Cincinnati. In 2012 he was a defensive assistant at Indiana State University. In 2013, he became the cornerbacks coach at the University of Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="20800184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800184" title="Mario Maloča">
Mario Maloča

Mario Maloča (born 4 May 1989 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football player currently playing for Hajduk Split.
Club career.
He spent most of his youth career at Dinamo Zagreb, playing there some 6 years. Before coming to Hajduk at the age of 17 he also had spells with youth teams at NK Zagreb, Inter Zaprešić and Kamen Ingrad. 
Hajduk Split.
He had his Prva HNL debut at 18 years of age against Šibenik in the 2007–08 season and soon became a first team regular, playing alongside renowned defenders such as Igor Tudor, Goran Sablić and Boris Živković. After the season ended he signed a five-year contract with Hajduk, binding him to Poljud until 2013. He was an important player for Hajduk in the 2010-11 UEFA Europa League where he played 9 games. In the Spring part of the 2011-12 Prva HNL he suffered an injury which stopped his transfer to Werder Bremen. He recovered for the new season and became one of the best defenders in Prva HNL. During the winter preparations in the 2012–13 Prva HNL he suffered another injury which delayed his transfer to Kuban. After he recovered from the injury that lasted 4 months he continued with his solid performances.
International career.
Maloča also earned 13 caps for Croatia's U-19 and U-21 teams and took part in Croatia's 2008 U-19 European Championship campaign where he scored 1 goal against Albania. In August 2012, he was called to the Croatian national football team by Croatian manager Igor Štimac. He debuted against in a friendly match against Switzerland.
Personal life.
Despite being born in Zagreb and part of Dinamo Zagreb youth team in his early years, Maloča opted to play for Hajduk Split. Maloča married his childhood sweetheart Ivana in June 2012. The couple had their first child, Tea, on 21 March 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20800189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800189" title="My Boy">
My Boy

"My Boy" is the title of a popular song from the early 1970s. The music was composed by Jean-Pierre Bourtayre and Claude François, and the lyrics were translated from the original version "Parce que je t'aime, mon enfant" (Because I Love You My Child) into English by Phil Coulter and Bill Martin.
Richard Harris version.
Actor Richard Harris performed the song "My Boy" at a music contest sponsored by Radio Luxembourg in 1971. Despite not winning the contest, Harris recorded the song and released it as a single later that year. Appearing on Harris' album of the same name, the song reached #41 on the "Billboard" pop chart and peaked at #13 on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart.
Elvis Presley version.
Elvis Presley recorded a cover version of "My Boy" in late 1973 that was included on his 1974 album "Good Times". Presley's version of the song reached #20 on the "Billboard" pop chart, and spent one week atop the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart in April 1975. "My Boy also peaked at #14 on the "Billboard" country chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20800222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800222" title="Vancouver Wave">
Vancouver Wave

""'
The Vancouver Wave are a Canadian rugby union team based in Vancouver, British Columbia. The team plays in the Rugby Canada National Junior Championship and draws most of its players from the Vancouver Rugby Union and the British Columbia Rugby Union, one of fourteen Rugby Unions that have rep teams in the RCSL.
The Wave play their "home" games at the Brockton Oval at Stanley Park in Vancouver.
The team played under the name "BC Wave" for the 2006 and 2007 RCSL seasons, but later switched back to using Vancouver Wave.
On August 1, 2009, the team won their first national championship. When they defeated the Toronto Rebellion 41-21.
History.
In 1998, Rugby Canada and the provincial unions agreed to form the Rugby Canada Super League. Fourteen unions and sub-unions were invited to compete in the new semi-professional league. 
In 2009, Rugby Canada decided to disband the RCSL and replace it with a new U-20 league called the Rugby Canada National Junior Championship. The Wave was chosen as one of the remaining RCSL clubs to enter the newly formed league.
Season-by-season records.
!rowspan="3"|Totals || 24 || 26 || 1
! 2 || 0 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20800231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800231" title="Old Plank Road Trail">
Old Plank Road Trail

The Old Plank Road Trail is a long public rail trail in Cook County and Will County within the U.S. state of Illinois. It stretches westward from Chicago Heights to Joliet, serving fast-growing suburbs such as Frankfort and New Lenox.
Its history.
The Old Plank Road Trail occupies the western half of a plank road right-of-way acquired about 1850 and improved in 1855 into a railroad line, chartered as the Joliet and Northern Indiana Railroad. This nominally independent railroad line, which stretched from Joliet to Lake Station, Indiana, appears to have been affiliated with the Michigan Central Railroad from the start of its existence. Soon this section of roadbed was called the "Joliet Cutoff" and was operated by the Michigan Central as a spur line of its primary right-of-way from Indiana into downtown Chicago.
In the early 1900s, railroad use of this roadbed began to decline. Trains were beginning to be partly replaced by rubber-tired vehicles that used new paved roads such as the Lincoln Highway (now U.S. Highway 30), which parallels the Old Plank Road Trail throughout its entire length. Service on this portion of the "Joliet Cutoff" ended in 1972. This abandonment opened the way for the railroad bed to be rededicated to public trail use.
Starting in 1977, local residents organized to preserve the historic right-of-way for trail use. In 1982, the right-of-way was renamed the "Old Plank Road Trail." The trail was officially opened to the public in July 1997.
Several strips of land along the roadbed preserve remnants of the Chicago area's original tallgrass prairie, on ground that had never been plowed since the land was originally acquired for plank road purposes about 1850. The Old Plank Road Trail is currently operated by the "Forest Preserve District of Will County" and by various townships and municipalities with jurisdiction over the trail. The trail is served by numerous cross-streets adjacent to U.S. Highway 30, and by the Matteson stop on the Metra Electric north-south commuter train line.

</doc>
<doc id="20800236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800236" title="The Unanswered Question (ballet)">
The Unanswered Question (ballet)

The Unanswered Question: Some Intimations of the American Composer Charles Ives is a ballet made by Eliot Feld to Charles Ives' "The Unanswered Question", "Calcium Light Night", "Fugue in Four Keys, Mists", "From the Housatonic at Stockbridge", "Sonata No. 2 for Piano and Violin (In the Barn)", "Remembrance" and "An Old Song Deranged". The premiere took place April 30, 1988, at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, as part of New York City Ballet's American Music Festival with lighting by the Feld Ballet's Allen Lee Hughes and Willa Kim's costumes. Other works to the music of Ives in the City Ballet repertory include Peter Martins' "Calcium Light Night", Jerome Robbins' "Ives, Songs" and George Balanchine's "Ivesiana".

</doc>
<doc id="20800240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800240" title="Club deal">
Club deal

A club deal, in finance, refers to a leveraged buyout or other private equity investment that involves several different private equity investment firms. Club deal can also be referred as syndicated investment. 
In a club deal, the investor group of private equity firms pools its assets together and makes the acquisition collectively. The practice has historically allowed private equity to purchase larger and more expensive companies than each constituent firm could potentially acquire through its own private equity funds. Additionally, by syndicating the equity ownership across a group of investment firms, each firm reduces its concentration and is able to maintain the diversification of its portfolio of investments. 
Institutional investors that invest as limited partners in private equity funds often criticize the practice of club deals that result in holdings in the same investment through different funds. Large limited partners have often preferred to support large leveraged buyouts through equity co-investments alongside the leading financial sponsor.
Examples.
Among the most notable of the large club deals completed were the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20800300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800300" title="Yadegar-e Emam Stadium (Qom)">
Yadegar-e Emam Stadium (Qom)

The Yadegar Emam Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Qom, Iran. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Saba Qom F.C. who currently play in Iran's Premier Football League. The stadium holds 10,610 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20800306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800306" title="Critical Reviews in Toxicology">
Critical Reviews in Toxicology

Critical Reviews in Toxicology is an academic journal that publishes review articles on the mechanisms, responses and assessments of toxins and toxicants. It is published by Informa.
The editor is Roger O. McClellan, Albuquerque.
Indexed by ISI Critical Reviews in Toxicology received an impact factor of 6.253 as reported in the 2012 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters, ranking it fifth out of 85 journals in the category "Toxicology".

</doc>
<doc id="20800313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800313" title="United States Army Air Forces in Australia">
United States Army Air Forces in Australia

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces established a series of airfields in Australia for the collective defense of the country, as well as for conducting offensive operations against the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy. It was from these airports and airfields in Australia, that Fifth Air Force was able to regroup, re-equip and begin offensive operations against the Empire of Japan after the disasters in the Philippines and Dutch East Indies during 1942.
Overview.
Following the Japanese conquest of the Philippines, the remnants of the USAAF Far East Air Force relocated southwest to bases in the Dutch East Indies (Indonesia). United States Army Air Forces units in Australia, including Fifth Air Force, were eventually reinforced and re-organized following their initial defeats in the Philippines and the East Indies. After those islands also fell to Japanese forces early in 1942, FEAF headquarters moved to Australia and was reorganized and redesignated Fifth Air Force on 5 February 1942 under General George Brett in Melbourne. On paper, Brett had several hundreds of military aircraft of all types, though only a relative few of them were operational but replacements were in the logistics pipeline inbound on freighters
Headquarters, Fifth Air Force was re-staffed at Brisbane, Australia on 18 September 1942 and Fifth Air Force was placed under the command of 52-year old Major General George Kenney on Tuesday, 28 July and Kenney had an immediate impact. Within a month, he had his command striving for, or at least seriously thinking about seizing air superiority over New Guinea and parity over the Solomon Sea and September saw the Fifth placing several dozen bombers over New Britain and Rabuul whereas in July mere handfuls could be fielded. By the end of August, before the retreat began of the Japanese attacking over the Owen Stanley Mountains, he'd established five airfields at Port Moresby, more than necessary for its defense, but a good start for staging to forward bases.
General Kenney encourage MacArthur to conduct a forward defense and meet the Japanese along the choke points among the jungles of New Guinea, and provided planning for airlift to put the ground forces in forward positions and supply them by air transport if necessary. This model would be utilized throughout the coming two years offensives as MacArthurs ground forces conducted Leapfrogging maneuvers and used combined arms tactics while strategically bypassing Japanese strong points and forcing them to attack his defensive works as he placed forces astride their supply lines. The Fifth Air Force kept pace moving from forward air base to forward air base, repressing daylight activity by the Japanese on Land, Sea and Air. When he first proposed air supply (since sea lanes were not safe with the position of the Japanese bases in the Solomon Sea, to an objection that his C-47 airlift units couldn't move trucks as well as men and materials, Kenney immediately responded that they could—by cutting the truck frames in half with torches and welding them together again on Papua. By November the Fifth was in forward Headquarters in Port Moresby, though the official HQ remained in Brisbane.
In addition to the Air Force units, many United States Army forces embarked in Australia, using it as a base of operations prior to their deployment to New Guinea in 1942, and other islands in the Southwest Pacific, driving the Japanese forces north towards their home islands. As the ground forces moved forward, the tactical air units of the AAF moved with them, providing the necessary air support for the ground operations.
Throughout the Pacific War, Australia remained an important base of operations, but with the advance of the Allied Armies, the air bases in Australia were returned to the Royal Australian Air Force once the Allied forces deployed north during 1942 and 1943. Today, most of the airfields in the Northern Territory have returned to their natural state, being abandoned after the war. However most of the airfields in Queensland and the other Australian states and territories still exist as civilian airports or military bases.
Later, during the Cold War, the United States Air Force assigned a small number of personnel to Australia for communications duties and logistical support. Today, USAF units routinely visit Australia for joint exercises with the Australian Defence Force, with a few personnel assigned for military liaison duties.
Major units.
The initial USAAF units assigned to Australia in late 1941 and 1942 were ones which withdrew from the Philippines, leaving their ground echelons in Bataan as part of 5th Interceptor Command to fight as infantry units. Later in 1942 and 1943, additional units arrived from the United States as replacement and argumentation to Fifth Air Force for offensive operations. Known units assigned were:
Airfields and unit assignments.
In cooperation with the Royal Australian Air Force, (RAAF), Fifth Air Force was able to use many existing Australian airports and airfields to carry on the war effort. In 1942, additional new military airfields were constructed by Australian and United States engineering units to accommodate the increasing number of USAAF groups and personnel being deployed. The Air Force groups and squadrons moved frequently from airfield to airfield, and often group headquarters was located away from the operational squadrons, as the squadrons were dispersed over several airfields for defensive purposes.
Known airfields of Fifth Air Force units and squadron assignments are as follows:
Note: Airfield locations shown on map above
AUSTRALIAN CAPITAL TERRITORY
NORTHERN TERRITORY
QUEENSLAND CONTINUED
NEW SOUTH WALES
SOUTH AUSTRALIA
VICTORIA

</doc>
<doc id="20800342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800342" title="Janine Hosking">
Janine Hosking

Janine Hosking is an Australian documentary film maker. She won a Walkley Award in 1997 for a Seven Network television report titled "Tjandamurra", the story of Tjandamurra O'Shane.
Hosking has made several other well received documentaries including:

</doc>
<doc id="20800347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800347" title="Robert Flack (cricketer, born 1917)">
Robert Flack (cricketer, born 1917)

Robert Flack (born 5 April 1917) was a South African cricketer who played for Eastern Province. He was born in Port Elizabeth.
Flack made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1945-46 season, against Griqualand West. From the middle of the order, he scored 9 runs in the only innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="20800355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800355" title="Al-Baath Stadium">
Al-Baath Stadium

Al-Baath Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium located in Jableh, Syria. It is currently used mostly for football matches. It serves as a home ground of Jableh SC. The stadium holds 10,000 spectators. The venue was opened in 1990 and completely renovated between 2004-2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20800357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800357" title="Jesse Lee Thomas">
Jesse Lee Thomas

Jesse Lee Thomas is an American health-care executive and politician. He ran for congress in the Colorado 1st Congressional district in 2000, receiving the Republican nomination. Thomas has also been a Baptist minister and is now a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints where he currently serves as a member of the High Council in the Bloomfield Hills Michigan Stake. Thomas is African-American.
Thomas currently manages a health care corporation in Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20800362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800362" title="Rebel Diaz">
Rebel Diaz

Rebel Diaz is a political hip hop trio out of the Bronx, New York and Chicago, IL consisting of the Chilean brothers Rodrigo Venegas (known as RodStarz) Gonzalo Venegas (known as G1) and Julio Calderon (known as DJ Illanoiz) an internationally recognized DJ out of Chicago, IL. Rebel Diaz uses their music as an organizing tool and to spread knowledge about injustice. Hip hop website AllHipHop.com named Rebel Diaz one of the top fifty emerging/underground hip hop artists of 2013.
History and activism.
The children of Chilean activists, RodStarz and G1 were born in England and grew up in Chicago's North Side, and former member Lah Tere was raised in Humboldt Park, Chicago. Rebel Diaz identify with and position themselves within a history of political resistance through music, specifically citing the Nueva canción movement. Because of their organizing work, Rebel Diaz was invited to perform during the immigrant rights march in New York City in 2006.
Although Rebel Diaz met in Chicago, Illinois, Rebel Diaz was not born until the three moved to the Bronx - the birthplace of hip hop - to continue their political activism through hip hop. Rebel Diaz see themselves as reclaiming hip hop as a tool in the larger struggle against oppression. RodStarz and G1 work with youth in the South Bronx, teaching them to use music to express themselves.
Rebel Diaz Arts Collective.
In March 2009, Rebel Diaz opened the Rebel Diaz Arts Collective (RDAC), a community arts center that included a performance space, a multimedia studio, a computer lab, and an art gallery located in an abandoned warehouse in the South Bronx. RDAC served as a space for young people to learn and perform, hosting workshops in addition to providing artistic space. On February 28, 2013, the Rebel Diaz Arts Collective was forcefully evicted from the building.
South by South Bronx.
RodStarz and the RDAC hosted a music festival inspired by South by Southwest in December 2012 called South by South Bronx. The free two-day festival featured Grandmaster Caz, Afrika Bambaataa, C-Rayz Walz, and DJ Kool Herc, among others and in addition to musical performances, included workshops such topics as the "History and Art of DJing," "Hip-Hop and Activism" and "Latinos in Hip-Hop".
Problems with the NYPD.
On June 18, 2008, two days after returning from a conference in Berlin, Germany, G1 and RodStarz were arrested by the NYPD when they were showing a friend around the South Bronx. In response to the arrest, more than 150 supporters gathered outside the 41st Precinct stationhouse, demanding the release of RodStarz and G1, and they were represented by civil rights lawyer Norman Siegel. A week later, on June 24, 2008, at 2 AM, officers from the NYPD entered G1's apartment, which doubles as Rebel Diaz's recording studio, with guns drawn, shouted at G1, and left with no explanation. A year after their arrests, the charges were dropped by judge Darcel Clark, who cited the positive impact they have in their community and told them to "keep up the good work."
Discography.
Radical Dilemma

</doc>
<doc id="20800383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800383" title="Midstream (album)">
Midstream (album)

Midstream (1978) is the second studio album by Debby Boone. The album's title refers to the change in producers "midstream" on the album. The first seven songs were produced by Brooks Arthur; the remaining five songs were written and produced by Joe Brooks who was responsible for Boone's "You Light Up My Life." Brooks' songs were all written for his film, "If Ever I See You Again." (On the film's soundtrack, Boone was only featured on the track, "California.") Another "Midstream" track, "When You're Loved," was one of three songs recorded by Boone for "The Magic Of Lassie" soundtrack.
"Midstream" failed to match the success of Boone's first solo album, You Light Up My Life." The album only reached No. 147 on the Billboard 200 and none of its singles returned Boone to the Top 10 on either the Pop, Country or AC charts:
The album's singles include:
Production credits.
Arrangers
Conductor
Engineers
Background Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="20800397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800397" title="Viktor Suslin (rower)">
Viktor Suslin (rower)

Viktor Nikolaevich Suslin (, born 19 July 1944) is a retired Russian rower who specialized in the eights. In this event he won bronze medals at the 1968 Summer Olympics and 1967 European Championships and a silver at the 1966 World Rowing Championships. His elder brother Yury is also a retired Olympic rower.

</doc>
<doc id="20800398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800398" title="Toy Story (disambiguation)">
Toy Story (disambiguation)

Toy Story has multiple meanings.

</doc>
<doc id="20800424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800424" title="Tommie Connor">
Tommie Connor

(Thomas) Tommie Connor (1904–1993) (also known as Tommy Connor) was a British songwriter, credited with several hit songs over his long career. Most notable among these was "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus", which has been recorded by many artists and is among the 25 most-played ASCAP Christmas-related pop songs played on American radio. This was one of several non-religious Christmas songs that he wrote, others being "The Little Boy that Santa Claus Forgot" and "I'm Sending a Letter to Santa".
He was born and raised in the West End of London to parents of Irish descent. He had five children of his own, born to his wife Catherine Connor (née McCarthy). He lived in London for most of his life interspersed with spells in parts of the USA, namely Los Angeles and New York.
In the 1966 Western "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly", he provided lyrics to "The Story of a Soldier".
Catalog.
Songs with Connor given writing credits, as well as recording artists include:

</doc>
<doc id="20800442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800442" title="Public offering">
Public offering

A public offering is the offering of securities of a company or a similar corporation to the public. Generally, the securities are to be listed on a stock exchange. In most jurisdictions, a public offering requires the issuing company to publish a prospectus detailing the terms and rights attached to the offered security, as well as information on the company itself and its finances. Many other regulatory requirements surround any public offering and they vary according to jurisdiction.
Initial public offering (IPO) is one type of public offering. Not all public offerings are IPOs. An IPO occurs only when a company offers its shares (not other securities) for the first time for public ownership and trading, an act making it a public company. However, public offerings are also made by already-listed companies. The company issues additional securities to the public, adding to those currently being traded. For example, a listed company with 8 million shares outstanding can offer to the public another 2 million shares. This is a public offering but not an IPO. Once the transaction is complete, the company will have 10 million shares outstanding. Non-initial public offering of equity is also called seasoned equity offering.
A shelf prospectus is often used by companies in exactly that situation. Instead of drafting one before each public offering, the company can file a single prospectus detailing the terms of many different securities it might offer in the next several years. Shortly before the offering (if any) actually takes place, the company informs the public of material changes in its finances and outlook since the publication of the shelf prospectus.
Other types of securities, besides shares, can be offered publicly. Bonds, warrants, capital notes and many other kinds of debt and equity vehicles are offered, issued and traded in public capital markets. A private company, with no shares listed publicly, can still issue other securities to the public and have them traded on an exchange. A public company, of course, may also offer and list other securities alongside its shares.
Most public offerings are in the primary market, that is, the issuing company itself is the offerer of securities to the public. The offered securities are then issued (allocated, allotted) to the new owners. If it is an offering of shares, this means that the company's outstanding capital grows. If it is an offering of other securities, this entails the creation or expansion of a series (of bonds, warrants, etc.). However, more rarely, public offerings take place in the secondary market. This is called a secondary market offering: existing security holders offer to sell their stake to other, new owners, through the stock exchange. The offerer is different from the issuer (the company). A secondary market offering is still a public offering with much the same requirements, including a prospectus.
The services of an underwriter are often used to conduct a public offering.

</doc>
<doc id="20800480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800480" title="Finland men's national floorball team">
Finland men's national floorball team

The Finland Men's National Floorball Team is the national floorball team of Finland, and a member of the International Floorball Federation. The Finnish national team are currently silvermedalist after losing against Sweden at the 2012 Men's World Floorball Championships by a score of 5:11. The Finnish team is one of only two teams to capture a men's floorball world championship, as Sweden has won seven of them.
Medals.
World Championships
Gold: 2008, 2010
Silver: 1996, 2000, 2002, 2006, 2012
Bronze: 1998, 2004
European Championships
Gold: 1995
Silver: 1994

</doc>
<doc id="20800487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800487" title="Robert Story (politician)">
Robert Story (politician)

Robert "Bob" Story is a Republican Party member of the Montana Senate, representing District 30 since 2002. Story is serving as the President of the Montana Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20800499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800499" title="Calochortus minimus">
Calochortus minimus

Calochortus minimus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Sierra mariposa lily.
Distribution.
"Calochortus minimus" is endemic to the Sierra Nevada of California, where it is a common member of the flora along mountain lakesides. 
"Calochortus minimus" is a perennial herb producing an unbranching stem no taller than 10 centimeters. The basal leaf is 10 to 20 centimeters long and does not wither at flowering. The inflorescence bears up to 10 erect, bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three pointed sepals and three small white petals. The fruit is a winged capsule up to 2 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20800509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800509" title="Toy Story (franchise)">
Toy Story (franchise)

Toy Story is a CGI animated film series and Disney media franchise that began with the original 1995 film, "Toy Story", produced by Pixar and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. The franchise focuses on a group of toys that secretly come to life and end up unexpectedly embarking on life-changing adventures. The first two films of the franchise were directed by John Lasseter, and the third by Lee Unkrich, who acted as the co-director of the second film (together with Lasseter and Ash Brannon).
All three films, produced on a total budget of $320 million, have grossed more than $1.9 billion worldwide. Each film set box office records, with the third included in the top 10 all time worldwide films. Critics have given all three films extremely positive reviews. Special Blu-ray and DVD editions of "Toy Story" and "Toy Story 2" were released on March 23, 2010. They were also re-released in theaters as a Disney Digital 3-D "double feature" for at least two weeks in October 2009. The series is currently the 18th highest-grossing franchise worldwide, the third highest-grossing animated franchise (behind "Shrek" and "Ice Age"), and is among the most critically acclaimed trilogies of all time. On November 1, 2011, all three "Toy Story" films were released in Disney Blu-ray 3D as a trilogy pack and as individual films.
Films.
The "Toy Story" series consists of three CGI animated films. The films are "Toy Story" (1995), "Toy Story 2" (1999) and "Toy Story 3" (2010). "Toy Story", the first film in the series, was the first feature-length film to be made entirely using computer generated imagery. The films were produced by Pixar Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.
All three films were critically acclaimed, with the first and second films getting a perfect 100%, and the third a 99% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The third film in the series became the highest-grossing animated film and the 10th highest-grossing film of all time. It also became the third animated film in history to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture, following "Beauty and the Beast" and "Up".
"Toy Story" (1995).
"Toy Story", the first film in the franchise, was released on November 22, 1995. It was the first feature-length film created entirely by CGI and was directed by John Lasseter. The plot involves Andy getting a new Buzz Lightyear toy, and Woody thinking that he has been replaced as Andy's favorite toy. As a result of Woody's jealousy, he tries to knock Buzz behind a table, but accidentally knocks him out the window causing his allies to assume that he tried to murder Buzz and exile him from Andy's house. Determined to set things right, Woody attempts to save Buzz, and both try to escape from the house of the next-door neighbor Sid Phillips, who likes to torture and destroy toys. The film was critically and financially successful, grossing over $361 million worldwide. The film was later re-released in Disney Digital 3-D as part of a double feature, along with "Toy Story 2", for a 2-week run, which was later extended due to its financial success.
"Toy Story 2" (1999).
"Toy Story 2", the second film in the franchise, was released on November 24, 1999. John Lasseter reprises his role as director. The plot involves Woody getting stolen by a greedy toy collector named Al. Buzz and several of Andy's toys go around the Tri-County Area to save him. "Toy Story 2" was not originally intended for release in theaters, but as a direct-to-video sequel to the original "Toy Story", with a 60-minute running time. However, Disney's executives saw how impressive the in-work imagery for the sequel was, and due to pressure from the main characters' voice actors Tom Hanks and Tim Allen, they decided to convert "Toy Story 2" into a theatrical film. It turned out to be an even greater success than the original "Toy Story", grossing over $485 million worldwide. The film was re-released in Disney Digital 3-D as part of a double feature, along with "Toy Story", on October 2, 2009.
"Toy Story 3" (2010).
"Toy Story 3", the third film in the franchise, was released eleven years later, on June 18, 2010. It is the first "Toy Story" film not to be directed by John Lasseter (although he remained involved in the film as executive producer), but by Lee Unkrich, who edited the first two films and co-directed the second. Set ten years after the events of the second film, the plot focuses on the toys accidentally being dropped off at a daycare center while their owner, Andy, is getting ready to go away to college. The film contains over 150 new characters, according to Pixar. It is currently Pixar's highest-grossing film of all time worldwide and domestic, surpassing "Finding Nemo". In August 2010, it surpassed "Shrek 2", becoming the highest-grossing animated film of all time worldwide. It grossed more than the first and second films combined, making it the first animated film to have crossed the $1 billion mark. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 2, 2010.
Future.
According to an article on NOLA.com, "Toy Story 3" director Lee Unkrich has confirmed that "Toy Story 4" is not planned. "Well, we don't have any plans for "Toy Story 4"," Unkrich said. "I'm flattered that people ask about it—it reminds me how much people love the characters, but it was really important to me with this film that we not just create another sequel, that it not just be another appendage coming off of the other two." However, he did say, "there may be opportunities for Woody and Buzz in the future, but we don't have any plans for anything right now." It has also been reported that Hanks and Allen have signed on for a "Toy Story 4" if Pixar ever decides to produce one. In a BBC interview in 2011, Hanks said that he thought Pixar was working on a sequel. However, Disney has since denied these rumors saying, "Nothing is official".
Television.
In 1996, Pixar created a series of shorts known as "Toy Story Treats" which were used as interstitials on ABC Family and Disney's One Too. They did not necessarily follow the continuity from "Toy Story", though they were aired roughly around the time of the film's release to home video.
Pixar has also developed two 22-minute "Toy Story" television specials. The first, a Halloween themed special, titled "Toy Story of Terror!", aired on October 16, 2013 on ABC, while the second, titled "Toy Story That Time Forgot", is planned for late 2014.
"Toy Story of Terror!".
A Halloween themed 22-minute television special, titled "Toy Story of Terror!", aired on ABC on October 16, 2013. It was directed by Angus MacLane, produced by Galyn Susman, with Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack, Don Rickles, Wallace Shawn, Timothy Dalton, and Kristen Schaal reprising their roles of Woody, Buzz, Jessie, Mr. Potato Head, Rex, Mr. Pricklepants, and Trixie with Carl Weathers as Combat Carl and Stephen Tobolowsky as the motel manager. Michael Giacchino composed the music for the special. The film's soundtrack was released on October 15, 2013, on Amazon.com in digital format.
The special follows the toys on their road trip, when a flat tire leads Bonnie and her mother to spend the night in a roadside motel. After one of the toys goes missing, the others begin to search for it, but they too are picked off one by one. The toys discover that they are being targeted by the hotel manager's pet iguana, Mr. Jones, who has been trained to steal the toys of his guests so that they can be sold via the Internet. The manager nearly succeeds in selling Woody and Jessie, but Jessie manages to escape—overcoming her old fear of being packed away in the process—and draw Bonnie's attention to the cabinet where the toys are being kept. As a result, Bonnie recovers her toys, and her mom calls in the police, who then presumably arrests the manager for theft.
"Toy Story That Time Forgot".
A Christmas-themed television special, titled "Toy Story That Time Forgot", will air on ABC during the 2014 holidays. It will be directed by Steve Purcell, and produced by Galyn Susman. Most of the regular cast will reprise their roles, including Tom Hanks as Woody, Tim Allen as Buzz, Kristen Schaal as Trixie, Wallace Shawn as Rex, Timothy Dalton as Mr. Pricklepants, Don Rickles as Mr. Potato Head, and Joan Cusack as Jessie, with Kevin McKidd joining as a new character, Reptillus Maximus. Taking place after a Christmas, the toys find themselves lost when a set of the coolest action figures turns out to be dangerously delusional. It is up to Trixie to help the toys to return to Bonnie's room.
"Toy Story Toons".
In 2011, Pixar started releasing short animated films to supplement the "Toy Story" films, called "Toy Story Toons". The shorts pick up where "Toy Story 3" has left off, with Woody, Buzz, and Andy's other toys finding a new home at Bonnie's. So far, three shorts have been released; "Hawaiian Vacation", "Small Fry", and "Partysaurus Rex". Another short, titled "Mythic Rock", is also in development.
"Hawaiian Vacation".
Toy Story Toons: Hawaiian Vacation is a 2011 Pixar animated short directed by Gary Rydstrom. The short features characters from the "Toy Story" series and takes place after the events of "Toy Story 3". It was released in theatres before Pixar's feature film "Cars 2". In the short film, Ken and Barbie want to go to Hawaii, but get left behind, so Woody, Buzz and the other toys from the previous film console them by making a Hawaiian vacation in Bonnie's room.
"Small Fry".
Toy Story Toons: Small Fry, another "Toy Story" short, premiered before "The Muppets". This marks the second time a Pixar short has screened with a non-Pixar film, after "Tokyo Mater" screened with "Bolt". Directed by Angus MacLane, the short involves Buzz getting trapped at a fast food restaurant at a support group for discarded toys, with a kids' meal toy version of Buzz taking his place.
"Partysaurus Rex".
Toy Story Toons: Partysaurus Rex, the third of the series, was released with the theatrical 3D re-release of "Finding Nemo". Directed by Mark Walsh with music composed by electronic artist BT, the short involves Rex getting left out in the bathroom and making friends with bath toys.
Reception.
Box office performance.
"Toy Story"s first five days of domestic release (on Thanksgiving weekend), earned the film $39,071,176. The film placed first in the weekend's box office with $29,140,617, and maintained its number one position at the domestic box office for the following two weekends. It was the highest-grossing domestic film in 1995, and the third highest-grossing animated film at the time.
"Toy Story 2" opened at #1 over the Thanksgiving Day weekend, with a three-day tally of $57,388,839 from 3,236 theaters. It averaged $17,734 per theater over three days during that weekend, and stayed at #1 for the next two weekends. It was the third highest-grossing film of 1999.
"Toy Story 3" had a strong debut, opening in 4,028 theaters and grossing $41,148,961 at the box office on its opening day. In addition, "Toy Story 3" had the highest opening day gross for an animated film on record. During its opening weekend, the film grossed $110,307,189, making it #1 for the weekend; it was the biggest opening weekend ever for any Pixar film. "Toy Story 3" stayed at the #1 spot for the next weekend. The film had the second highest opening ever for an animated film. It was the highest-grossing film of 2010, both domestically and worldwide. "Toy Story 3" grossed over $1 billion, making it the seventh film in history, the second Disney film in 2010, the third Disney film overall, and the first animated film to do so.
Critical reaction.
According to Rotten Tomatoes, the "Toy Story" trilogy is the most critically acclaimed trilogy of all time. The first and second films received a 100% "fresh" rating, while the third holds a 99% "fresh" rating. According to the site, no other trilogy has had all of its films so highly rated - the "Before Sunset" trilogy comes closest with 98%, and "Dollars" trilogy and "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy come after with average ratings of 95% and 94% respectively, while the "Toy Story" trilogy has an average of an almost perfect 99.7%.
According to Metacritic, the "Toy Story" trilogy is tied as the most critically acclaimed trilogy of all time, it and "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy each having an average rounded score of 91 out of 100. As of July 20, 2010, every film in both trilogies is placed in the Top 100 of the site's Best Reviewed Movies List, but each "Toy Story" film is placed beneath a film in "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy.
Awards and nominations.
"Toy Story" was nominated for three Academy Awards, including Best Original Screenplay, Best Original Score and Best Original Song for Randy Newman's "You've Got a Friend in Me". John Lasseter, the director of the film, also received a Special Achievement Award for "the development and inspired application of techniques that have made possible the first feature-length computer-animated film". Toy Story was also the first animated film to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. At the 53rd Golden Globe Awards, "Toy Story" earned two Golden Globe nominations - Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy and Best Original Song. It was also nominated for Best Special Visual Effects at the 50th British Academy Film Awards.
"Toy Story 2" won a Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy and earned a single Academy Award nomination for the song "When She Loved Me" performed by Sarah McLachlan. The Academy Award for Best Animated Feature was introduced in 2001, after the first two "Toy Story" installments.
"Toy Story 3" won two Academy Awards - Best Animated Feature and Best Original Song. It earned three other nominations, including Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Sound Editing. It was the third animated film in history to be nominated for Best Picture, after "Beauty and the Beast" and "Up". "Toy Story 3" also won the Golden Globe for Best Animated Feature Film and the award for Best Animated Film at the British Academy Film Awards.
Other media.
"Buzz Lightyear of Star Command".
Buzz Lightyear of Star Command is a spin-off TV series. The series takes place in the far future, a pastiche of Star Trek and Star Wars-style science fiction. It features Buzz Lightyear (voiced by Patrick Warburton), a famous, experienced Space Ranger who takes a crew of rookies under his wing as he investigates criminal activity across the galaxy and attempts to bring down Evil Emperor Zurg once and for all. It aired on ABC from August 8, 2000 to January 13, 2001.
"Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins" (2000).
Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins is a spin-off animated direct-to-video film, partially based on "Toy Story". The film was released on August 8, 2000. It acts as a pilot to the television series "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" and features Tim Allen as the voice of Buzz Lightyear, who is voiced by Patrick Warburton in the main series. In this film, Buzz Lightyear is a space ranger who fights against the evil Emperor Zurg, showing the inspiration for the Buzz Lightyear toyline that exists in the "Toy Story" series. Although the film was criticized for not using the same animation as in "Toy Story" and "Toy Story 2", it sold three million VHS and DVDs in its first week of release.
Video games.
Pixar created original animations for the games, including fully animated sequences for PC titles.
Woody and Buzz Lightyear were originally going to appear as summons in the "Final Mix" version of the Disney/Square Enix video game "Kingdom Hearts II." They were omitted from the final product, but their models appear in the game's coding, without textures. The director of the "Kingdom Hearts" series, Tetsuya Nomura, has stated that he would like to include Pixar property in future "Kingdom Hearts" games, given Disney's purchase of Pixar.
Merchandising and software.
"Toy Story" had a large promotion prior to its release, leading to numerous tie-ins with the film including images on food packaging. A variety of merchandise was released during the film's theatrical run and its initial VHS release including toys, clothing, and shoes, among other things. When action figures for Buzz Lightyear and Sheriff Woody were created, they were initially ignored by retailers. However, after over 250,000 figures were sold for each character prior to the film's release, demand continued to expand, eventually reaching over 25 million units sold by 2007. Also, "Disney's Animated Storybook: Toy Story" and "Disney's Activity Center: Toy Story" were released for Windows and Mac. "Disney's Animated Storybook: Toy Story" was the best selling software title of 1996, selling over 500,000 copies.
Impact.
"Toy Story"'s innovative computer animation had a large impact on the film industry. After the film's debut, various industries were interested in the technology used for the film. Graphics chip makers desired to compute imagery similar to the film's animation for personal computers; game developers wanted to learn how to replicate the animation for video games; and robotics researchers were interested in building artificial intelligence into their machines that compared to the lifelike characters in the film. Various authors have also compared the film to an interpretation of "Don Quixote" as well as humanism.
"To infinity and beyond!".
Buzz Lightyear's classic line "To infinity and beyond!" has seen usage not only on T-shirts, but among philosophers and mathematical theorists as well. Lucia Hall of "The Humanist" linked the film's plot to an interpretation of humanism. She compared the phrase to "All this and heaven, too!", indicating one who is happy with a life on Earth as well as having an afterlife. In 2008, during STS-124, astronauts took an action figure of Buzz Lightyear into space on the "Discovery" Space Shuttle as part of an educational experience for students that also stressed the catchphrase. The action figure was used for experiments in zero-g. Also in 2008, the phrase made international news when it was reported that a father and son had continually repeated the phrase to help them keep track of each other while treading water for 15 hours in the Atlantic Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20800510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800510" title="Yuri Lorentsson">
Yuri Lorentsson

Yuri Evgenevich Lorentsson (, 2 December 1930 – 2003) was a Russian rowing coxswain. He was the second rower, after Briton Jack Beresford, to compete at five Olympics. In 1960 he was the coxswain of the Soviet boat which was eliminated in the repechage of the eights event. Four years later he finished fifth with the Soviet boat in the eights competition. At the 1968 Games in Mexico City he won the bronze medal as cox of the Soviet boat in the eights event. In 1972 he coxed the Soviet boat which finished fifth in the coxed pairs competition. His last Olympic appearance was in Montreal at the 1976 Olympics when he won the silver medal as part of the Soviet boat in the coxed pairs event.
Lorentsson began with long-distance running and only in 1958 started training in rowing, following his elder brother Valentin who already competed as a coxswain. His career lasted until 1979, when he won a bronze medal at national championships. During this period, besides his Olympic achievements, Lorentsson won a silver at the 1962 World Rowing Championships and four European medals.

</doc>
<doc id="20800533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800533" title="Eunatalis porcata">
Eunatalis porcata

Eunatalis porcata is a species of Cleridae that occurs in Australia

</doc>
<doc id="20800581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800581" title="Harry Markopolos">
Harry Markopolos

Harry M. Markopolos (born October 22, 1956) is an American former securities industry executive and an independent forensic accounting and financial fraud investigator. 
Markopolos discovered evidence over nine years suggesting that Bernard Madoff's wealth management business, Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC, was actually a massive Ponzi scheme. In 2000, 2001, and 2005, Markopolos alerted the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) of the fraud, supplying supporting documents, but each time, the SEC ignored him or only gave his evidence a cursory investigation. Madoff was finally uncovered as a fraud in December 2008, when his sons contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation. After admitting to operating the largest Ponzi scheme in history, Madoff was sentenced in 2009 to 150 years in prison. In 2010, Markopolos's book on uncovering the Madoff fraud was published, titled "".
Markopolos has been scathing in his criticism of the SEC for both failing to discover the Madoff fraud despite repeated tips, and for failing to investigate properly the larger companies it supervised. He described the private moments he had with victims of the Madoff fraud as: "Heartfelt, gut-wrenching things. People trying to commit suicide or losing loved ones who’ve died of heartbreak."
Education and career.
Markopolos graduated from Cathedral Preparatory School in Erie, Pennsylvania, in 1974. He received an undergraduate degree in Business Administration from Loyola College in Maryland in 1981, and a Master of Science in Finance from Boston College in 1997. 
Markopolos began his career on Wall Street in 1987 as a broker with Makefield Securities, a small Erie-based brokerage owned partly by his father. During 1988, he obtained a job with Darien Capital Management in Darien, Connecticut, as an assistant portfolio manager. From 1991–2004, he served as a portfolio manager at Boston-based options trading company Rampart Investment Management, ultimately becoming its chief investment officer. 
He is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), and a Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE). Markopolos is a past president of Boston Security Analysts Society Inc. On February 11, 2009, the Boston Security Analysts Society honored him with a silver whistle in recognition of his efforts to expose Madoff.
He now works as a forensic accounting analyst for attorneys who sue companies under the False Claims Act and other laws, emphasizing tips that result in continuing investigations into medical billing, Internal Revenue Service, and U.S. Department of Defense frauds, in which a "whistleblower" would be compensated.
Investigation of Madoff.
During 1999, Markopolos learned that one of Rampart's frequent trading partners, Access International Advisors, was dealing with a hedge fund manager who consistently delivered net returns of 1–2% a month. Frank Casey, one of Rampart's principals, met with Access CEO Thierry de la Villehuchet, and found the manager was Bernie Madoff, who was operating a wealth management business in which his clients essentially gave him "carte blanche" to invest the money as he saw fit. Casey and Rampart's managing partner, Dave Fraley, asked Markopolos to try to design a product similar to Madoff's split-strike conversion, in hopes of luring away Access from investing in Madoff.
When Markopolos obtained a copy of Madoff's revenue stream, he spotted problems right away. To his mind, Madoff's strategy was so poorly designed that there was no way it could make money. The biggest red flag, however, was that the return stream rose steadily with only a few downticks—-represented graphically by a nearly perfect 45-degree angle. According to Markopolos, anyone who understood the underlying math of the markets would have known they were too volatile even in the best conditions for this to be possible. As he later put it, a return stream like the one Madoff claimed to generate "simply doesn't exist in finance." He eventually concluded that there was no legal way for Madoff to deliver his purported returns using the strategies he claimed to use. As he saw it, there were only two ways to explain the figures—-either Madoff was running a Ponzi scheme (by paying established clients with newer clients' money) or front running (buying stock for his own account, based on knowledge about his clients' orders). Markopolos later said that he knew within five minutes that Madoff's numbers didn't add up. It took him another four hours to mathematically prove that they could have only been obtained by fraud.
Despite this, Markopolos' bosses at Rampart asked Markopolos to deconstruct Madoff's strategy to see if he could replicate it. Again and again, he could not simulate Madoff's returns, using information he had gathered about Madoff's trades in stocks and options. For instance, he discovered that for Madoff's strategy to work, he would have had to buy more options on the Chicago Board Options Exchange than actually existed. His calculations of Madoff's trades revealed that there was almost no correlation between Madoff's stocks and the S&P 100, as Madoff claimed. Markopolos also couldn't find any evidence the market was responding to any Madoff trades, even though by his estimate Madoff was managing as much as $6 billion—-three times more than any known hedge fund even then. In Markopolos' mind, these factors suggested that Madoff wasn't even trading. 
With the help of two of his colleagues at Rampart, Casey and fellow quant Neil Chelo, Markopolos continued to probe into the Madoff operation. What they found concerned him enough that he filed a formal complaint with the Boston office of the SEC during the spring of 2000. However, the SEC took no action. Later on, Michael Ocrant, the editor-in-chief of MarHedge, joined the effort and wrote an article questioning Madoff's returns, which generated no results. Markopolos sent a more detailed submission to the SEC a year later. He also offered to go to Madoff's headquarters undercover, obtain the trading tickets, and compare them with the Options Price Reporting Authority tape. This submission also passed without action.
Soon after his second submission, Markopolos traveled to Europe with Villehuchet to help get investors for an alternative product to Madoff that he'd developed for Rampart. Until then, he had been willing to accept the possibility that Madoff was front-running (as Casey and Chelo believed). Madoff was already a very wealthy man, and on paper it made no sense for him to essentially steal billions of dollars that he really didn't need. However, Markopolos believed that if Madoff was front-running, he would have to siphon off money from his broker-dealer arm to pay the investors in his hedge fund. This would have resulted in his broker-dealer's customers getting shortchanged--something that would not have gone unnoticed. He also noticed that Madoff had a voracious appetite for cash; front-runners don't need new money, while a Ponzi scheme can only last as long as new money is flowing in to pay existing investors. While in Europe, Markopolos found that 14 funds were invested with Madoff. Each manager believed his fund was the only one from which Madoff was taking new money--a classic "robbing Peter to pay Paul" scenario. When Markopolos heard this, he was convinced beyond all doubt that Madoff's wealth-management business was a Ponzi scheme. Villehuchet committed suicide soon after Madoff's scheme collapsed, having lost $1.5 billion.
Even after leaving Rampart, Markopolos persevered, driven by the intellectual challenge of solving the problem, and the ongoing encouragement from a Boston SEC staffer, Ed Manion. He also did so at considerable risk to his own safety; he'd found during his European visit that a large number of funds invested with Madoff operated offshore—meaning that the Russian Mafia and Latin-American cartels almost certainly had money with him. On December 17, 2002, when Markopolos tried to anonymously deliver an investigative file – in a 9x12 manila envelope, inside another 10x13 envelope – to an aide of then-New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer as Spitzer delivered a speech at the John F. Kennedy Library in Boston, Markopolos put on a pair of white gloves to make sure that his fingerprints would not be on the documents, and wore one of his biggest overcoats.
The culmination of Markopolos' analysis was a 21-page memo sent during November 2005 to SEC regulators, entitled "The World's Largest Hedge Fund is a Fraud." It outlined his suspicions in more detail and invited officials to check his theories. Markopolos outlined 30 red flags that proved Madoff's returns could not possibly be legitimate. His analysis was based on more than 14 years of Madoff return numbers. During that time, Madoff reported only four losing months—-an implausible scenario that Markopolos said could only be achieved by fraud. In the document Markopolos states: 
Although Madoff's scheme didn't collapse until 2008, Markopolos believed that he was on the brink of insolvency as early as the summer of 2005, when Casey found out that at least two banks were no longer lending money to their clients to invest with Madoff. This prompted Madoff to seek loans from banks. In June 2008--six months before Madoff's scheme imploded--Markopolos' team uncovered evidence that Madoff was accepting leveraged money. In his book, Markopolos wrote that this was a sign Madoff was running out of cash and needed to increase his promised returns to keep the scheme going.
On June 3, 2009 Markopolos told a conference at Boston College, his graduate-school alma mater, that he believes Madoff personally kept less than 1 percent of the $65 billion reported stolen, and will probably lose what remains of his portion to money launderers. Markopolos estimates that $35 billion to $55 billion of the money Madoff claimed to have stolen never really existed, but were simply fictional profits he reported. Markopolos believes that Madoff's customers lost $10 billion to $35 billion, most of which went to early investors. "Madoff will wind up in a special prison designed as much to keep the crook’s victims out as Madoff in. He’s a guy who can’t afford not to be in prison,” he said.
Congressional testimony.
On February 4, 2009, he testified before the United States Congress' House Financial Services Committee’s capital markets panel and on March 1, appeared on CBS's "60 Minutes". 
Markopolos criticized the SEC harshly for ignoring his warnings about Madoff. “Nothing was done. There was an abject failure by the regulatory agencies we entrust as our watchdog,” he explained in 65 pages of prepared testimony. He also said that his original 2000 complaint gave the SEC enough evidence to stop Madoff when he was supposedly managing as little as $3 billion. 
Describing Madoff as “one of the most powerful men on Wall Street,” Markopolos stated that there was “great danger” in investigating him: "My team and I surmised that if Mr. Madoff gained knowledge of our activities, he may feel threatened enough to seek to stifle us.” He testified that he feared for his, as well as his family's safety, until after Madoff's arrest, when the SEC finally acknowledged that it had received "credible evidence" of Madoff's Ponzi scheme years before. He explained that Madoff's "math never made sense," that his "return stream never resembled any known financial instrument or strategy," and that Madoff wasn't making the volumes of trades he claimed.
According to Markopolos, the best warning about Madoff came during his initial analysis of 87 months (a little more than seven years) of Madoff trades. During that time, Madoff reported only three losing months. By comparison, the S&P 500 reported 28 losing months during this same period. He likened Madoff's purported returns to a baseball player batting .966 for the season "and no one suspecting a cheat."
Markopolos had originally concealed his identity from SEC regulators during May 1999, although he did meet face-to-face with SEC officials in Boston during 2000 and 2001. After the SEC did not respond, Markopolos was fearful of taking his complaints to the industry's self-regulatory authority, the National Association of Securities Dealers (since succeeded by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)). He not only feared the power Madoff's brother, Peter, had in that organization (he is a former Vice Chairman), but also feared that Madoff may have had associations with Russian and South American organized crime. Markopolos believed the Federal Bureau of Investigation would reject his allegations without the SEC staff's endorsement. He believed only two SEC officials truly understood Madoff’s scheme and “the threat it posed to the public”--Manion and SEC Boston branch chief Mike Garrity. Markopolos met with Garrity during 2005, and said that while Garrity realized almost immediately that Madoff was violating the law, he could not take any action because Madoff wasn't based in New England. Markopolos later wrote that a few days after that meeting, Garrity called him and said his preliminary investigation revealed serious irregularities in the Madoff operation, and that he would have had inspection teams "tearing the place apart" if Madoff had been based in New England. However, since the Boston office's jurisdiction only extended as far as Greenwich, Connecticut; Garrity had no choice but to pass it down to the New York office. “My experiences with other SEC officials proved to be a systemic disappointment and led me to conclude that the SEC securities lawyers, if only through their investigative ineptitude and financial illiteracy, colluded to maintain large frauds such as the one to which Madoff later confessed."
He also added that during 2005 it was Meaghan Cheung, the branch chief of the SEC's New York office, to whom he gave his 21-page report alleging that Madoff was paying old investors with money from fresh recruits. “Ms. Cheung never expressed even the slightest interest in asking me questions,” Markopolos said. She was too concerned with Markopolos mentioning the possibility of a reward and the fact that he was a competitor of Madoff. Cheung approved an internal memo during November 2007 to close an SEC investigation of Madoff without bringing any claim. Subsequently, she left the agency. Markopolos also testified he gave details about the case during 2005 to John Wilke, a "Wall Street Journal" investigative reporter, but that it was never pursued. Markopolos testified he (anonymously) sent a package of documents concerning Madoff to former New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, who had successfully prosecuted a number of securities fraud cases, but that Spitzer apparently did not act, either. Spitzer's family trust had invested in Madoff's business.
"Government has coddled, accepted, and ignored white-collar crime for too long," he testified. "It is time the nation woke up and realized that it's not the armed robbers or drug dealers who cause the most economic harm, it's the white collar criminals living in the most expensive homes who have the most impressive resumes who harm us the most. They steal our pensions, bankrupt our companies, and destroy thousands of jobs, ruining countless lives." He testified to Rep. Gary Ackerman-D-NY that he has never been compensated for his efforts. "I did it for our flag, for patriotism." Markopolos presented recommendations to improve the SEC's operations, which included mandatory department standards: good ethics, full transparency, full disclosure, and fair dealing for all.
His testimony included a reference to another $1 billion Ponzi scheme, which he shared the next day with SEC Inspector General H. David Kotz, who gave the tips to SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro. He also disclosed information regarding a dozen as-yet-unknown foreign Madoff feeder funds, “hiding in the weeds” in Europe, the victims of which likely included Russian mobsters and Latin American drug cartels, “dirty money” investors. Markopolos remarked that European royal families had also lost assets.
Because of concerns of improper conduct by Inspector General Kotz in the Madoff investigation, Inspector General David C. Williams of the U.S. Postal Service was brought in to conduct an independent, outside review of Kotz's alleged improper conduct. The Williams Report questioned Kotz’s work on the Madoff investigation, because Kotz was a "very good friend" with Markopolos. Although investigators were not able to determine when Kotz and Markopolos became friends, the Report concluded that it would have violated U.S. ethics rules if their relationship began before or during Kotz’s investigation of Madoff.
Other statements.
In his interview with Steve Kroft of "60 Minutes," Markopolos said the biggest warning he'd noticed during his initial 1999 analysis of Madoff was that he reported losing months only four percent of the time. To Markopolos' mind, no one could possibly be that good given the volatility of the markets. "As we know, markets go up and down, and his only went up," he said. Markopolos noted that during his tenure at Rampart, he traded with some of the biggest derivatives companies in the world, and none of them dealt with Madoff because they didn't think his numbers were real. He admitted that he had some financial incentive to eliminate Madoff, as the two competed against each other from 2000 to 2004. However, he said, he felt compelled to pursue it because "when someone's competing on your playing field, who's a dirty player, you want him tossed off the field." He assailed the SEC once again for ignoring his warnings, saying that the only reason Madoff was caught was because he ultimately collapsed under the weight of his own lies.
Markopolos expanded on his criticism of the SEC in "No One Would Listen." He claimed that SEC regulators don't have nearly enough expertise to understand the various products offered in the modern market--as he put it, the SEC was still "panning by hand." He also believed that the SEC's enforcement staff didn't take his complaints seriously because they were expecting legal proof Madoff was a fraud, not the mathematical evidence he provided. To his mind, the investigators didn't understand that mathematical proof was stronger evidence than legal proof, because "with a math problem, there is only one correct answer."
As a result of the Madoff scandal, the SEC's chairman Christopher Cox stated that an investigation will delve into "all staff contact and relationships with the Madoff family and firm, and their impact, if any, on decisions by staff regarding the firm." A former SEC compliance officer, Eric Swanson, married Madoff's niece Shana Madoff, a Madoff company compliance attorney.
Personal life.
Markopolos is the oldest of three children of Georgia and Louis Markopolos. and is from a family of Greek-American restaurateurs. His father and two uncles once owned 12 Arthur Treacher's Fish and Chips restaurants in Maryland and Delaware. His younger brother Louie once managed the trading office for a New Jersey brokerage company. His sister's name is Pam Markopolos.
He and wife Faith, who also works in the financial industry for an investment company conducting due diligence of portfolio managers, have three sons, two of whom are twins named Harry Louie and Louie Harry.
Biography.
Markopolos's account of the Madoff scandal, "", was published in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20800611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800611" title="Calochortus monanthus">
Calochortus monanthus

Calochortus monanthus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names single-flowered mariposa lily and Shasta River mariposa lily. It is presumed extinct, having been collected and documented once over a century ago and never found again. The single known specimen was collected by botanist Edward Lee Greene from a meadow on the banks of the Shasta River near Yreka, California, in June of 1876. The plant had an unbranching stem and an inflorescence of a single erect, bell-shaped flower on a long peduncle. The flower had three sepals about 4 centimeters long and three toothed petals each between 4 and 5 centimeters. The petals were pinkish with a dark red spot at each base.

</doc>
<doc id="20800612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800612" title="Nuestra Tele Noticias 24 Horas">
Nuestra Tele Noticias 24 Horas

Nuestra Tele Noticias 24 Horas (usually abbreviated as NTN24) is an international 24-hour, opinion-heavy, hard right-wing leaning news channel. NTN24 provides news, analysis, opinion, sports and entertainment news programs in Spanish. Its programming can be seen on cable and satellite from Alaska to Patagonia. NTN24 also produces online English language news with an emphasis on news from The Americas. Its main Spanish website is ntn24.com. Its main English website is ntn24news.com. NTN24 USA is a Delaware Corporation with offices in New York, Washington, D.C., and Bogotá, Colombia.
According to the Venezuelan government and academics, and since covering almost only the opposition leaders and producing chaos-monging opinion, the channel wanted to repeat the coup of 2002 in the protests of 2014 and pulled the channel from cable TV line-ups.
NTN24 Cablecast.
NTN24 is available in mostly all countries of The Americas.

</doc>
<doc id="20800618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800618" title="Kurt Starke">
Kurt Starke

Kurt Starke (1911 in Berlin – 19 January 2000) was a German radiochemist. During World War II, he worked on the German nuclear energy project, also known as the Uranium Club. He independently discovered the transuranic element neptunium. From 1947 to 1959, he taught and did research in Canada and the United States. From 1959 until he achieved emeritus status, he was at the German University of Marburg, where he established and became director of the Institute of Nuclear Chemistry. He was also the first dean of the Department of Physical Chemistry of the University of Marburg, which opened in 1971.
Education.
From 1931 to 1936, Starke studied at the "Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität" (today, the " Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin"). He was awarded his doctorate there in 1937, under Otto Hahn.
Career.
From 1937, Starke was an assistant to Otto Hahn at the "Kaiser-Wilhelm-Institut für Chemie" (KWIC, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Chemistry; today, the " Max Planck Institut für Chemie - Otto Hahn Institut"), in Berlin-Dahlem. In 1940, scientists in both Germany and America were working on transuranic elements. Starke discovered the transuranic element neptunium (atomic number 93), independently from the American team of Edwin McMillan and Philip Abelson. The war and his move to Munich in 1941 delayed publication of his results until 1942. 
In 1941, Starke transferred to the "Institut für physikalische Chemie" under Klaus Clusius at the " Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München". Shortly after the move, Starke was drafted into military service. It was only through the persistent efforts of Clusius that Starke granted a reprieve. Starke subsequently accepted a position to work with the German group at the Paris cyclotron, initially headed by Wolfgang Gentner, from Walther Bothe's "Institut für Physik" in Heidelberg. Under Clusius, Starke worked on the "German nuclear energy project", also known as the "Uranverein" (Uranium Club). Starke worked on the enrichment of the uranium isotope U239, its decay products, and the production of heavy water. In 1943, Starke completed his Habilitation at the " Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München". 
As the war raged on, the demand for men to provide armed service resulted in the drafting of many engineers and physicists, especially for the Russian Front; Paul O. Müller, who had worked on the "Uranverein", was drafted and died in service on the Russian front. Starke had eluded military service in 1941, but, in a confrontation with Abraham Esau, Hermann Göring’s "Bevollmächtiger" (plenipotentiary) for nuclear physics research under the "Reichsforschungsrat" (RFR, Reich Research Council), threatened Starke with transfer to the Russian front in the fall of 1943. It was not until 1944 that Werner Osenberg, head of the planning board at the "Reichsforschungsrat", was able to initiate calling back 5000 engineers and scientists from the front to work on research categorized as "kriegsentscheidend" (decisive for the war effort). By the end of the war, the number recalled had reached 15,000. 
From 1944, after completion of his Habilitation, Starke was an assistant at Walther Bothe's "Institut für Physik" (Institute of Physics) at the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für medizinische Forschung" (KWImF, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Medical Research; today, the Max-Planck Institut für medizinische Forschung), in Heidelberg.
After the conclusion of World War II, between the ravages of the war and the restrictions of the Allied occupation forces in Germany, the prospects of meaningful scientific work were limited. By March 1947, Heinz Maier-Leibnitz, Kurt Stark, and other younger collaborators with Bothe at the "Institut für Physik" had left for North America. Stark taught and did research successively at McMaster University (Hamilton, Ontario, Canada), University of British Columbia (near Vancouver), and the University of Kentucky ( Lexington, Kentucky). 
In 1959, Starke took an appointment at the " Philipps-Universität Marburg", where he dedicated himself to the establishment of the "Instituts für Kernchemie" (Institute of Nuclear Chemistry), and was appointed its director. In 1971, he moved his institute to the premises of the newly created and built "Fachbereich Physikalische Chemie" (Department of Physical Chemistry), and he was its first "Dekan" (dean). He remained at Marburg until he achieved emeritus status. 
Internal Reports.
The following reports were published in "Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte" ("Research Reports in Nuclear Physics"), an internal publication of the German "Uranverein". The reports were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics. 

</doc>
<doc id="20800631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800631" title="Bahá'í Faith in Finland">
Bahá'í Faith in Finland

The Bahá'í Faith in Finland began with contact between traveling Scandinavians with early Persian believers of the Bahá'í Faith in the mid-to-late 19th century while Finland was politically part of the Russian Empire. In the early 20th century `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, requested Bahá'ís from the United States and Canada consider Scandinavian countries and Russia among the places Bahá'ís should pioneer to. Later, after Finland gained independence from Russia, Bahá'ís began to visit the Scandinavian area in the 1920s. Following a period of more Bahá'í pioneers coming to the country, Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies spread across Finland while the national community eventually formed a Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly in 1962. Some estimates in 2004 of the Bahá'ís in Finland number about 500 Bahá'ís including a winner of human rights award and a television personality. In 2005 there was an estimate of over 1,700 according to the Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia).
Early history.
The first mentions of the religion among Scandinavians happened in the era when Finland was politically united with the Russian Empire; the first mention of the Báb, who Bahá'ís view as the herald to the founder of the religion, Bahá'u'lláh, was published in accounts of Persian travels by Scandinavians in 1869, and the first mentions of Bahá'u'lláh were made in 1896.
Shoghi Effendi, then head of the religion, visited Finland in 1926. Josephine Kruka, Knight of Bahá'u'lláh, entered Finland and later, in 1938, Pastor Väinö Rissanen became the first Bahá’í of Finland and the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Finland was formed in Helsinki in 1953.
Growth.
In 1957 Finland, Denmark, and other Scandinavian countries formed a regional Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly. In 1959, Brigitte Hasselblatt moved to Turku from the Shetland Islands and married Milton Lundblade. After living some years there she moved to the United States but returned again to Finland to Salo in the summer of 1984 (in the mean time their first son Laurence Lundblade would later be one of the initial authors of the e-mail client Pine.) For 1957 through 1962 Finland Bahá'í institutions were part of the regional National Spiritual Assembly of Scandinavia and Finland. In 1960, Hand of the Cause Adelbert Muhlschlegel visited in Finland. In 1962 Sweden, Finland, and Norway each elected their own National Spiritual Assembly. The members of the National Assembly who participated in the election of the Universal House of Justice in 1963 were Quentin Hamilton Farrand, Godratollah Bidardel, Jeanne Welsh Farrand, Greta Sofia Jankko-Badeau, Rafael Garcia, Aminda Josephine Kruka, Elsa Maria Cubilla de Garcia, Mozaffar Namdar, Marco Antonio Martinez S., Gudrun Ofstegaard, Marcia Isabel Matamoros, Maija-Liisa Ravola, Mauricio Hernandez Munoz, Sirkka Inkeri Salmi, Josd Marfa Padilla, Mailis Kaarino Talvenheimo, Gabriel Torres S., and Habibu'llah Zabihian. By the end of 1963 there were local spiritual assemblies in Helsinki, Lahti, Tampere, Turku, and groups of Bahá'ís in Kaaresuvanto and isolated Bahá'ís in Hämeenlinna, Kilo, Koski, Rovaniemi, and Vartsalo.
Development.
Following this period of largely internal development, the Bahá'í Faith in Finland began to be involved in regional developments. In the 1970s and 80s Finland Bahá'ís helped translate Bahá'í literature into Estonian, Lithuanian and Latvian. Finland was among the national communities that responded to a survey on status of women in the community which was tabulated and summarized for the 1974 Statement to the 25th session of the UN Commission on the Status of Women. In the mid-1960s in Alaska Angeline Giachery conceived of a plan to spread the religion across the circumpolar area and the idea received attention at the Intercontinental Conference in Helsinki in 1976 which was also attended by Hand of the Cause Ugo Giachery. Roma Raciulyte became a Bahá'í during a trip to Finland in the 1970s and is generally considered the first Lithuanian Bahá'í in recent times.
Diverse involvements of the modern community.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. Since the 1980s the Bahá'ís of Finland have greatly diversified their endeavours. In the late 1980s a group of Bahá'í musicians based in Naantali composed an album, "Pohjantähti" (North Star) simultaneously in Finnish and English out of a quest to be culturally creative instead of merely translating foreign interpretations of the religion into song. In 1990 Alaskan Bahá'ís visited Finland as part of a circumpolar campaign to spread the religion especially among indigenous peoples. In January 1998 Dr. Sylvia I. Karlsson lead the Finnish Bahá'í community national convention on a full day seminar on ethical dimensions of Agenda 21 and sustainable development by giving the keynote talk as well as preparing parallel workshops on various chapters of Agenda 21 and summarizing the discussions. The position of the Bahá'í Faith in Finland reached national acknowledgment when in 1999 the educational authorities in Finland included courses mentioning the Bahá'í Faith in the curricula of primary and secondary schools. This relationship between national and civic events continued when in 2002 the Bahá'í community of Lappeenranta registered their regularly held public meeting for World Religion Day. This discussion was on the subject of world peace with participants of local Christian, civic and Muslim groups building on a decade of efforts. In 2003, Iranian Bahá'í émigré Melody Karvonen was awarded the 2003 Human Rights Worker of the Year by the Finnish League for Human Rights. The same year the government of Finland co-sponsored a resolution of the United Nations which was passed by a vote of 73 to 49, with 50 abstentions, by the Third Committee of the United Nations General Assembly expressing "serious concern" over continuing violations of human rights in Iran—and mentions specifically "continuing discrimination" against Bahá'ís and other religious minorities. (see Persecution of Bahá'ís.) Most recently, in 2003, the play "The Seven Valleys" was premiered at the Naantali Theatre and reviewed by Pentti Narvanen of the newspaper Rannikkoseudun sanomat. Based on the work of the same name by Bahá'u'lláh, the play has since been shown at other venues including in Lappeenranta. Aram Aflatuni is a Bahá'í TV talk show host of Härkää Sarvista, or "Grab the Bull by the Horns", which aired in Finland in 2007 with a 20 percent of the TV audience for its time period with a format that emphasizes using a panel of experts and cooperative discussions to try to solve it. Hartmut Grossmann was born in Germany, was a lecturer and head of the German Department of the Translators' Training Institute at University of Joensuu in Savonlinna. He has served on the National Spiritual Assemblies of the Bahá'ís of Germany and of Finland and then ultimately on the Universal House of Justice. After retiring in 2008, he and his wife, Ursula, moved back to Finland.
Demographics.
While no statistics on the numbers of Baha'is have been released, the Finland Census reports about 0.9 - 1.2% of the population as religious but non-Christian. The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland estimates the 2004 population of Bahá'ís to be approximately 500. Operation World, another Christian organization, estimated 0.01%, also about 500 Bahá'ís, in 2003. In 2005 there was an estimate of 1668 according to the Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia).

</doc>
<doc id="20800634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800634" title="Ephraim Evron">
Ephraim Evron

Ephraim ″Eppy″ Evron (; June 12, 1920 – July 17, 1995) was an Israeli diplomat. Born in Haifa during the British Mandate, Evron served in a variety of positions within the Israeli government and as ambassador to several countries, including the United States from 1978 to 1982. Evron was married to Rivka Passman in 1943 and had a son and daughter. He died in 1995 in Ramat Gan.

</doc>
<doc id="20800638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800638" title="BRP-PACU">
BRP-PACU

BRP-PACU is a dual channel FFT audio analysis tool. It is designed to be used with an omnidirectional calibrated microphone to configure any sound system with an appropriate equalization and delay. It compares the output of the system to the input of the system to obtain the transfer function of the system. These data allow one to perform final equalization using just the input/output of the DSP or any other device used for Equalization.
Theoretical basis.
This software program uses a Transfer Function Measurement method to compare the output of a (unprocessed) loud-speaker system and room combination to the input signal which is usually filtered pseudorandom noise. Because the sound has a propagation time from the exit point of the transducer to the measurement device, a delay must be inserted in the reference signal to compensate. This delay is automatically found by the software to aid in practical system measurement.
Supported platforms.
Currently the only supported platforms are Linux and Mac OS X because it relies on POSIX Threads. It also is written using floating point processing, making most embedded Linux device support difficult.
Licensing and availability.
The software is licensed under the GPL Version 2. It is available from sourceforge as C code.

</doc>
<doc id="20800643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800643" title="David W. Ogden">
David W. Ogden

David William Ogden (born November 12, 1953), known professionally as David W. Ogden, is the former Deputy Attorney General of the United States. An American lawyer, Ogden also was a high-ranking official in the United States Department of Justice and the United States Department of Defense during the administration of President Bill Clinton.
Early life and education.
Ogden is the son of Horace G. "Hod" Ogden (1925-1998), who was the first director of the Bureau of Health Education at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (and previously had worked for the United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare), and Elaine Ogden.
Ogden earned an A.B. "summa cum laude" from the University of Pennsylvania in 1976 and a J.D. "magna cum laude" in 1981 from Harvard Law School. He also served as an editor of the "Harvard Law Review".
In 1981-1982, Ogden worked as a law clerk for U.S. district judge Abraham David Sofaer, and in 1982-1983, Ogden clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Harry Blackmun.
Career.
Ogden began his career in Washington, D.C. as an associate from 1983 until 1985 at the law firm of Ennis Friedman & Bersoff, and he served as a partner at that firm from 1986 until 1988. From 1988 until 1994, Ogden was a partner in the Washington, D.C. office of Jenner & Block. From 1994 until 1995, Ogden served as the Deputy General Counsel and the Legal Counsel for the United States Department of Defense. From 1995 until 1997, he was an Associate Deputy Attorney General in the United States Department of Justice, and from 1997 until 1998, Ogden was Counselor to the United States Attorney General. From 1998 until 1999, Ogden was the chief of staff to the United States Attorney General, and from 1999 until 2000, he was Acting Assistant Attorney General. From 2000 until 2001, he was the Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Civil Division in the United States Department of Justice.
Since June 2001, Ogden has been a partner at the Washington, D.C. firm Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr, co-running the firm's Government and Regulatory Litigation Practice Group.
Deputy Attorney General.
On January 5, 2009, President-elect Barack Obama announced he would nominate Ogden to be Deputy Attorney General. Ogden's nomination was criticized by conservative groups that objected to some of his previous legal work, such as his representation of adult entertainment companies including Playboy and Penthouse. But it was also praised and supported by important groups and figures in both parties, including the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the National Sheriff's Association, the National District Attorneys Association, Larry Thompson, Jamie S. Gorelick, Seth Waxman, the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Ogden was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 12, 2009, in a vote of 65-28.
On December 3, 2009 it was announced that he would be resigning his post and returning to private practice in February 2010. 
According to news accounts, Ogden stepped down in part because of disagreements with Attorney General Eric Holder over management issues.
Personal life.
Ogden has three children; two by his first marriage, Jonathan and Elaine Ogden, and a baby daughter, Natalie Sylvie Ogden. Ogden lives with his new wife, Anne Harkavy, and children in Arlington, Virginia. Harkavy is currently a partner at Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr. Jonathan attends the College of William and Mary, and Elaine attends University of Pennsylvania, in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="20800647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800647" title="James Leavitt House">
James Leavitt House

The James Leavitt House in Waterboro Center, Maine, is a mid-19th century Greek Revival home built of wooden weatherboard and resting on a granite foundation. Built in 1850 for wealthy merchant James Leavitt, the house is on the National Register of Historic Places and is now owned by the town of Waterboro, which operates the architecturally-significant structure as a house museum.
History and Origins.
The builder of the Leavitt House, James Leavitt, moved to Waterboro Center with his family from nearby Alfred, Maine, between 1830 and 1840, and entered into business as "an astute businessman," as a local historian put it. The merchant had several lines of business: he bought and sold local produce in Portland and Boston, and operated a general store near his house. He also bought pre-cut fabric in Boston, which he pieced out to local women, who then assembled the fabric into men's suits, shirts and trousers, which Leavitt sold back to clothiers in Boston, often at a healthy mark-up. The women were given credits at Leavitt's store in return: the merchant's extensive records for these transactions are today maintained at the Leavitt House.
Leavitt's various businesses enabled him to make a fortune, and have an elaborate home built to suit his success as merchant. The James Leavitt House, completed in 1850, is significant for the level of interior detailing. The two-story Greek Revival home, which housed Leavitt, his wife and 12 children, boasts elaborate interior molding, carved corner blocks, a detail rarely seen on rural Maine homes. The house retains its original elaborate wallpaper, and also features "some of the finest wood-graining in the state."
"The sheer amount of surface that was grained indicates that this was probably not the work of an itinerant artist passing through town, but undertaken a specialist like Jason Hamilton, a 'fancy painter' who lived in nearby Sanford and was listed in the Mercantile Union Business Directory in 1849," notes the application for the House's nomination to the National Historic Places Register. "Interestingly, the grain painting at the Leavitt house does not necessarily try to mimic natural wood, rather the combinations of patterns, such as birds-eye maple and tiger-maple, used together on the doors suggest a much more artistic approach to the application. This suggestion is further supported by the grained pictures of the rooster and the swan that appear on the back doors of two cabinets."
Ownership succession.
The Leavitt House, built at what was once the most prosperous location in Waterboro Center, is a large home with seven bedrooms on its second floor. After the death of merchant James Leavitt in about 1880, the home became a second residence for the family. James Leavitt's son Benjamin embarked on a career as a prosperous merchant in Saco, Maine, and used his father's home as a summer residence. After Benjamin Leavitt's death, his daughter Louella Frey inherited the home; subsequently it passed to her two daughters, including writer Helen Taylor who set her book "A Time to Recall" in the family home. Mrs. Taylor's three sons sold the building to the town of Waterboro in 1989.
The house was in exceptionally good condition, noted local historian Jim Carli: "It is truly an unspoiled dwelling owing to the fact that it was lived in year-round for only thirty years." Because of its part-time occupancy by the Leavitt family and their heirs, the house survives in very nearly the original fashion in which it was built, with few alterations.
Merchant James Leavitt, born in Alfred, Maine, in 1797, and married to Lovey Stevens of York, Maine, died 7 September 1876, at Waterboro Center. His wife died in 1825. They are both buried at Waterboro Center, not far from the home they had built.

</doc>
<doc id="20800668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800668" title="Louis IV, Landgrave of Hesse-Marburg">
Louis IV, Landgrave of Hesse-Marburg

Landgrave Louis IV of Hesse-Marburg (27 May 1537 – 9 October 1604) was the son of Landgrave Philip I of Hesse and his wife Christine of Saxony. After the death of his father in 1567, Hesse was divided among his sons and Louis received Hesse-Marburg (Upper Hesse) including Marburg and Giessen.
Louis received his education at the court of Duke Christoph of Württemberg. He had the Marburg Castle renovated by his architect Ebert Baldewein. Wanting to enlarge his territory peacefully, he bought parts of the Fuldischen Mark in 1570 from the counts of Nassau-Saarbrücken and the rest in 1583 from the count of Nassau-Weilburg.
On 10 May 1563 he married Hedwig of Württemberg and his second marriage was to Marie, Contess of Mansfeld. When he died in 1604 he left no heirs. His 1597 will bequeathed his territory between his nephew, Maurice of Hesse-Kassel and Louis V of Hesse-Darmstadt, on the condition that it would remain Lutheran.

</doc>
<doc id="20800688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800688" title="Committee for the Defense of the Unjustly Prosecuted">
Committee for the Defense of the Unjustly Prosecuted

The Committee for the Defense of the Unjustly Prosecuted (; as a result the acronym VONS is used) was a Czechoslovak dissident organization founded largely by Charter 77 signatories. VONS was founded on 27 April 1978.
Founding and Political Aims.
The Committee for the Defense of the Unjustly Prosecuted sought to support dissidents and their families. VONS also wanted to educate the general public about the plight of dissidents. VONS was largely, if not completely, founded by Charter 77 signatories. However, it was largely independent from Charter 77.
Work.
The organization also became a member of the International Federation for Human Rights, under the name Czechoslovak League for Human Rights. VONS also cooperated with human rights organizations such as Amnesty International and Helsinki Watch. Many of the founders, such as Václav Havel, became involved in politics after the 1989 Velvet Revolution.
Government's Reaction.
Shortly after the founding of VONS, Václav Havel and five other representatives of the organizations were arrested and sentenced for two to five years in prison. It can be assumed that like Charter 77 and the plight of various dissidents during the communist era, VONS was by no means warmly welcomed by the communist government. Many of the members of the Committee were persecuted by Czechoslovak secret police.

</doc>
<doc id="20800699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800699" title="Calochortus monophyllus">
Calochortus monophyllus

Calochortus monophyllus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name yellow star-tulip. It is native to the foothills of the Sierra Nevada and southernmost Cascades in California, its range probably extending north just into Oregon. It is a perennial herb producing a slender, sometimes branched stem up to about 20 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is 10 to 30 centimeters in length and does not wither at flowering. There may be smaller leaves located along the stem. The inflorescence bears 1 to 6 erect, bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three pointed sepals and three more rounded petals, all bright to deep yellow. The petals may have some dark reddish spotting at the bases and are coated densely with yellow hairs on the inner surfaces. The fruit is a winged capsule one or two centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20800712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800712" title="Caracol TV Internacional">
Caracol TV Internacional

Caracol TV Internacional is the international signal of Colombia's Caracol TV. It offers general programming aimed to Colombians abroad, mostly consisting of old Caracol TV telenovelas, series, and entertainment shows. It also simulcasts "Noticias Caracol", "El radar", and breakfast television show "Día a día" with Colombia's Caracol TV, as well as Venezuela's RCTV flagship newscast "El Observador".

</doc>
<doc id="20800722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800722" title="Northwestern High School (Indiana)">
Northwestern High School (Indiana)

Northwestern High School is located at 3431 N. Co Rd 400 W, northwest of the city limits of Kokomo, Indiana. The building houses grades 9–12 and also functions as the primary athletic building.
Band.
The marching band program competes in the Indiana State School Music Association (ISSMA).
Athletics.
Northwestern competes inn the Mid-Indiana Conference (MIC), Northwestern High School was the state boys basketball champion in 2007. 
Achievements.
Northwestern High School was recognized as a Blue Ribbon school for two concurrent years, though it no longer holds the title.
The math program in NWSC has been ranked within the top five, and the science program, within the top ten public high schools in Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20800762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800762" title="Bill George (baseball)">
Bill George (baseball)

William M. George (also known as Bill George) was a professional baseball player for the New York Giants and the Columbus Solons. He played with the Giants from 1887 to 1889, and played one year with the Columbus Solons of the American Association in 1889. He was born on January 27, 1865 in Bellaire, Ohio and he died on August 23, 1916 in Wheeling, West Virginia. He is buried in the Mount Calvary Cemetery in Wheeling, West Virginia. He batted right-handed and threw left-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="20800763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800763" title="Planctoteuthis">
Planctoteuthis

Planctoteuthis is a genus of chiroteuthid squid comprising five species, occurring worldwide in lower mesopelagic to bathypelagic depths in tropical to temperate waters. It has been suggested that members of "Planctoteuthis" are neotenic, retaining characteristics of the doratopsis developmental stage. This is marked in the retention of the paralarval tentacular club, unique among subadult chiroteuthids. Members lack both photophores and a funnel valve. The genus was originally placed within the monotypic family Valbyteuthidae, under the name "Valbyteuthis". Similarities between the paralavae of "Valbyteuthis" and "Chiroteuthis" led to its inclusion in the family Chiroteuthidae. Eventually, "Valbyteuthis" was incorporated as a junior synonym of "Plantoteuthis", citing previous descriptions of the paralarvae. 

</doc>
<doc id="20800774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800774" title="Viola McCoy">
Viola McCoy

Viola McCoy (ca. 1900 – ca. 1956) was an African American blues singer who performed in the classic female blues style during a career that lasted from the early 1920s to the late 1930s.
Life and career.
Her birth name may have been Amanda Brown (a name under which she sometimes recorded). She is believed to have been born in Mississippi, although a press release of 1924 claims she was from Memphis, Tennessee. In the early 1920s, she moved to New York City, where she worked in cabarets and appeared in revues at the Lincoln and Lafayette Theaters. She toured the Theater Owners Bookers Association vaudeville circuit, and made numerous recordings between 1923–1929 for various labels including Gennett, Vocalion, and Columbia Records. 
On her recordings from 1923 her most frequent accompanist was pianist Porter Grainger; later accompanists included Fletcher Henderson, Louis Hooper, and Bob Fuller, among others. A few of her recordings are enlivened by kazoo solos performed by McCoy.
In 1927, she briefly owned and performed in Jack's Cabaret in New York City. By 1930 she owned and operated a nightclub in Saratoga, New York. In 1938, she settled in Albany, New York, and was mostly inactive in music during the remainder of her life. Viola McCoy is thought to have died in Albany, New York, circa 1956.
Author Derrick Stewart-Baxter wrote of McCoy: "She belongs to the great vaudeville tradition, but in all she does there is a strong jazz strain ... Possessing a lovely contralto voice and fine diction, she was able to project herself through even the worst recording ... It would be true to say that in the three years she was recording most prolifically she hardly ever made a bad record".
Aliases.
McCoy recorded songs under various pseudonyms, including
Amanda Brown (Columbia, Perfect and Pathe labels), Daisy Cliff (Guardsman label), Clara White or Bessie Williams (Oriole and Domino labels), Gladys White (Variety label), Fannie Johnson (Cameo) and Susan Williams (Lincoln label).

</doc>
<doc id="20800794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800794" title="Ariat">
Ariat

Ariat is an American manufacturer of riding boots and other equipment and apparel intended for equestrians. Founded by Beth Cross and Pam Parker, Ariat International, Inc. sought to provide engineered western style boots for riding, work, and casual wear. Footwear engineers designed were hired by Beth and Pam to reexamine riding boot requirements, as classic English and Western riding boots were built in traditional ways using stacked leather which wears well but provides little cushioning. Shipping the first production boots in 1993, Ariat boots often take advantage of rubber pads and heels. Since its inception, Ariat has become a popular English riding boot brand, and the company has sponsored many equestrian events.
The private equity firms LNK Partners and Brentwood Associates invested in Ariat in 2006. In 2012, the company was acquired by management and the Fisher family.

</doc>
<doc id="20800796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800796" title="List of Interstate and U.S. Highways in Alabama">
List of Interstate and U.S. Highways in Alabama

Three systems of numbered highways are present in the U.S. state of Alabama: the Interstate Highway System, U.S. Numbered Highways, and the Alabama state route system. The Interstate Highway System and U.S. Highway System are nationwide systems with a subset of the highways passing through Alabama. All numbered highways in Alabama are maintained by the Alabama Department of Transportation (ALDOT). 
Currently, there are 10 routes and of Interstates in Alabama. When completed, Interstate 22 will add to the total. The Interstate with the longest segment in Alabama is Interstate 65, covering ; the shortest is Interstate 359, covering . There are six Interstate primary routes and five Interstate auxiliary routes serving the six largest cities in the state, and 22 of the 25 largest.
19 U.S. Highways cross through Alabama, totaling . US 31 is the highway with the longest segment in Alabama, with . The shortest is U.S. Route 72 Alternate, crossing of North Alabama. One former U.S. Highway existed in Alabama; US 241 ran through eastern Alabama and was replaced with US 280 and US 431 in 1954.
Of Alabama's sixty-seven counties, only three; Clay, Geneva, and Wilcox; do not have Interstate or U.S. highways running though them.

</doc>
<doc id="20800814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800814" title="Lester Wilson">
Lester Wilson

Lester Wilson (April 13, 1942 - February 14, 1993) was an African-American dancer and choreographer. Wilson attended the Juilliard School. Bob Fosse cast him in a 1963 revival of Pal Joey at the New York City Center. Wilson toured London with Sammy Davis, Jr. in "Golden Boy". also choreographed the 1984 movie, Beat Street .
Lester's best known choreography was the 1977 movie "Saturday Night Fever" for which he coached John Travolta. Wilson had choreographed for Diana Ross, Dalida, Gladys Knight, Billy Crystal, Liza Minnelli and Ann-Margret, in her Las Vegas stage spectaculars. He also choreographed "The Wiz".
In 1991, Wilson was nominated for an American Emmy Award for the choreography in the ABC special "American Dance Honors". Lester also choreographed several Broadway musicals, including "Grind" with Ben Vereen.
In February 1993, Lester Wilson died of a heart attack in Los Angeles at the age of 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20800821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800821" title="Calochortus nudus">
Calochortus nudus

Calochortus nudus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name naked mariposa lily. 
It is native to the mountains of northern California and southern Oregon, where it grows in wet areas such as meadows and lakeside bogs. 
Description.
"Calochortus nudus" is a perennial producing an unbranching stem up to about 25 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is 5 to 15 centimeters long and does not wither at flowering. 
The inflorescence bears one or more erect, bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three small, pointed sepals and three wider petals all pinkish or lavender in color. The petals are mostly hairless and about 1.5 centimeters long. 
The fruit is a capsule about 2 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20800854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800854" title="San Isidoro">
San Isidoro

San Isidoro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20800859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800859" title="Billy Kinloch">
Billy Kinloch

William Francis Kinloch was a Major League Baseball player. He played one game at third base for the 1895 St. Louis Browns. He was born on March 21, 1874 in Providence, Rhode Island and he died on February 15, 1931 in New York, New York. He is buried at the Calvary Cemetery in Woodside, New York. He played his first game at the age of 21 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20800876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800876" title="2009 Boston Pizza Cup">
2009 Boston Pizza Cup

The 2009 Boston Pizza Cup (the Alberta men's curling championship) was held February 11-15 at the Wainwright Arena in Wainwright. The winner (defending champion Kevin Martin) will represent Alberta at the 2009 Tim Hortons Brier. 
Results.
Draw 1.
February 11, 1300
Draw 2.
February 11, 1830
Draw 3.
February 12, 0830
Draw 4.
February 12, 1330
Draw 5.
February 12, 1830
Draw 6.
February 13, 0830
Draw 7.
February 13, 1330
Draw 8.
February 13, 1830
Draw 9.
February 14, 1300
Playoffs.
C1 vs. C2.
"February 14, 1830"
A vs. B.
"February 14, 1830"
Semi-final.
"February 15, 0930"
Final.
"February 15, 1400"
Qualification.
Three teams qualify from Southern Alberta, three from Northern Alberta and two from the Peace Region. In addition, four teams have automatically qualified based on other reasons. Defending World Champion Kevin Martin qualifies as defending champion, plus Kevin Koe as the top remaining Albertan team in the CCA rankings from last season. In addition the top two teams remaining teams on the Alberta Curling Tour receive spots, that being Ted Appelman's team and Randy Ferbey's team.

</doc>
<doc id="20800879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800879" title="Bahia Wulaia">
Bahia Wulaia

Bahia Wulaia is a bay on the western shore of Isla Navarino along the Murray Channel in extreme southern Chile. The island and adjacent strait are part of the commune of Cabo de Hornos in the Antártica Chilena Province, which is part of the Magallanes and Antartica Chilena Region.
An archaeological site at Bahia Wulaia has been associated with the Megalithic seasonal settlements there of the Yaghan peoples about 10,000 years ago. Known as the "Wulaia Bay Dome Middens," the site revealed that the people created fish traps in the small inlets of the bay. The stonework for those traps has survived, according to C. Michael Hogan, and was used by Yahgan into the 19th century.
In November 1859 a settlement known as Wulaia was the site of a Yahgan massacre of all but one of the crew and captain of the "Allen Gardiner," a ship used by the South American Missionary Society. There had been a misunderstanding and cultural conflict between the parties.
Yahgan ancient culture.
The Yahgan are believed to have migrated to the main island of Tierra del Fuego from the north by a land bridge available more than 12,000 years ago, which disappeared after the end of an Ice Age. From there they easily navigated by canoe to Navarino Island and other islands. They are the "most southernmost aboriginal people in the history of the world." They created settlements in the coastal terraces on Navarino, building circular huts in the middle of ring middens. As they moved on a seasonal basis, numerous archeological sites of this period have been found on the island. They lived largely by taking fish and shellfish from the waters.
Navarino has one of the most dense archeological concentrations in the world. This is believed to be due to the fact that the Yahgan were nomadic, so set up numerous settlements, and the island was little disturbed by outsiders until late in the 19th century.
Wulaia Massacre.
By the mid-19th century, Europeans had discovered the Yahgan. The naturalist Charles Darwin and Vice-Admiral FitzRoy of the HMS Beagle encountered the Yahgan at this site in 1831. Other English people became concerned about the lives of the indigenous peoples of this region, and organized missions to teach them European languages and religion. In England, what was first called the Patagonian Mission Society was founded to minister to the indigenous peoples of southern Chile and Argentina. The missionary
George Packenham Despard came out to the mission at Keppel Island in the Falklands, bringing his wife and several children, including their adopted son Thomas Bridges. Despard persuaded Jemmy Button, a Yahgan native of Tierra del Fuego to visit Cranmer Station in 1858. (He was one of three Fuegians, as they were often called by English speakers, who was taken to England on the first return trip of the "HMS Beagle". After many months, the group (including Button's wife and three children) were returned to Wulaia in December 1858. At the same time, the British recruited a party of nine Fuegians to visit Cranmer.
This party soon became homesick; they had not had Button's earlier European experiences (he had learned some English and traveled to England). In addition, there were serious cultural misunderstandings between them and the British. In October 1859 a British crew in the "Allen Gardiner," a schooner owned by the missionary society, departed Keppel Island to return the natives to Wulaia. They arrived on 2 November after a very rough passage.
Four days later, angered over an altercation with the crew, the Yahgan attacked and killed Captain Garland Phillips and all but one of the ship's crew on shore. The British party had been holding a Sunday service in a small chapel built at the settlement. The British men, sailors and catechist, were all clubbed to death. The only survivor was the ship's cook, who was still on board the "Allen Gardiner" when the massacre occurred, and escaped the area in a dinghy. He managed to make peace with the natives and was found alive by the search parties that came to investigate and discovered the stripped and abandoned schooner on 1 March 1860.
As a result of the attack, Despard of the Keppel Island mission petitioned to return to England with his wife and children. His adoptive son, Thomas Bridges, then 17, stayed on Keppel Island at the mission. He learned the Yahgan language and began his life's work of eventually compiling a grammar and dictionary of Yámana, containing more than 30,000 words. After returning to England in 1868-1896 to receive holy orders, in 1871 he was successful with another missionary family, in setting up a full mission at Ushuaia, Tierra del Fuego.

</doc>
<doc id="20800885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800885" title="Dave Hengel">
Dave Hengel

David Lee Hengel (born December 18, 1961) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder for the Seattle Mariners(-) and Cleveland Indians () born in Oakland, California.
Hengel attended the University of California and was drafted by the Mariners in the 3rd round of the 1983 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his major league debut on September 3, 1986, and appeared in his final game on June 27, 1989. He played his final professional season in with the Kansas City Royals.

</doc>
<doc id="20800893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800893" title="George Hammond (diplomat)">
George Hammond (diplomat)

George Hammond (1763–1853) was a British diplomat and the first British envoy to the United States from 1791 to 1795.
Early career.
Hammond came from East Riding of Yorkshire, enjoyed a liberal education, and was a Master of Arts and Fellow of Merton College, Oxford. During the peace talks between the 13 colonies of the United States of America and the Kingdom of Great Britain that would culminate in the Treaty of Paris in 1783, he served as a Secretary to David Hartley; while in Paris, he also learned some French. Subsequently, Hammond was appointed chargé d'affaires at Vienna from 1788 to 1790, spent part of 1790 in Copenhagen, and in 1791 found himself Counsellor of Legation at Madrid.
Minister to the United States.
Despite American grumbles over the lack of a British envoy since the peace treaty concluded the American revolution in 1783, the decision for the British was by no means a simple one. The Articles of Confederation lacked both a fixed seat of government and single leader to accredit an envoy, and few qualified diplomats desired the post and its yearly salary of £2500. David Hartley, himself approached for the position, recommended his former secretary Hammond to Charles Jenkinson, who in turn passed on the name to newly appointed Foreign Secretary William Grenville. Hammond was soon given the job, boarded a ship for Philadelphia in September 1791 along with Edward Thornton, secretary of legation, and arrived five weeks later on 20 October.
Hammond initially met with then Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson, but waited to formally present himself to President George Washington before an American Minister to England was chosen; his reception on 11 November 1791 formally established relations between the two countries. Although Hammond described his situation as "new, critical and rather embarrassing", he also stated that "If I accepted a quarter of the invitations to dinner and tea parties which I receive I should have little time for business", and said of the leading families that "I have reason to think most of them are Tories at heart."
Hammond had four children, aged oldest to youngest: William Andrew, George, Margaret, Edmund. His son, Edmund Hammond, would also join the Foreign Office.
Hammond left his post on 14 August 1795, leaving the consul general at Philadelphia, Phineas Bond, in charge until Robert Liston arrived in America.
Later career.
Following his return from the United States, Hammond became an Undersecretary at the Foreign Office. In this position he advised and befriended Grenville and met George Canning; Canning founded the newspaper the "Anti-Jacobin" in 1797, and Hammond acted as joint-editor. Hammond would later be sent to one or two posts in continental Europe, and sometime in the 1810s he was appointed as a commissioner on the Arbitration of Revolutionary Indemnities, and as such spent many years living alternatively in London and Paris. Hammond died in 1853 at the age of ninety.

</doc>
<doc id="20800911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800911" title="Finland–Turkey relations">
Finland–Turkey relations

Finland–Turkey relations are foreign relations between Finland and Turkey. Turkey recognized the independence of Finland on February 21, 1918. Diplomatic relations between them were established on May 20, 1920. Finland has an embassy in Ankara and an honorary consulate general in Istanbul and other honorary consulates in Belek, Bodrum and Izmir. Turkey has an embassy in Helsinki. Finland supports Turkey's bid to join the EU.

</doc>
<doc id="20800916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800916" title="Abdel-Halim Caracalla">
Abdel-Halim Caracalla

Abdel-Halim Caracalla is the founder and artistic director of the Lebanese dance company Caracalla Dance Theatre.
Youth.
Abdel-Halim was born in Baalbeck, Lebanon in 1940. Growing up in Baalbeck, he watched Margot Fonteyn and Rudolf Nureyev dance, listened to the music of Miles Davis and Ella Fitzgerald, and finally went to London in the 1960s to study dance with choreographer Martha Graham. 
Abdel-Halim was also Lebanon's champion pole-vaulter.
Family.
Abdel-Halim has a daughter, Alissar, and a son, Ivan. Both children work with Abdel-Halim with the Caracalla Dance Theatre.
Career.
In 1970, he founded the Caracalla Dance Theatre, aiming to bring "a new language in dance with a style based on the amalgamation of the Western and the Oriental."

</doc>
<doc id="20800922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800922" title="Geoff Williams">
Geoff Williams

Geoff Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20800934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800934" title="Sophia Tolstaya">
Sophia Tolstaya

Countess Sophia Andreyevna Tolstaya (née Behrs) (, , sometimes Anglicised as Sophia Tolstoy; 22 August 1844 – 4 November 1919), was a Russian diarist and the wife of Russian novelist and thinker Leo Tolstoy.
Biography.
Sophia was one of three daughters of the physician Andrey Evstafievich Behrs (1808-1868), and his wife, Liubov Alexandrovna Behrs, née Islavinoy (1826-1886). She was first introduced to Leo Tolstoy in 1862, when she was 18 years-old. At 34, Tolstoy was 16 years her senior. On 17 September 1862 the couple became formally engaged after Tolstoy gave Sophia a written proposal of marriage, marrying a week later in Moscow. At the time of their marriage, Leo Tolstoy was already well known as a novelist after the publication of "The Cossacks". On the eve of their marriage, Tolstoy gave Sophia his diaries detailing his sexual relations with female serfs. In "Anna Karenina", 34 year-old Constantine Levin, a semi-autobiographical character behaves similarly, asking his 19 year old fiancée Kitty to read his diaries and learn of his past transgressions.
The diary included the fact that he had fathered a child by a woman who remained on the Yasnaya Polyana estate. In Anne Edward's "Sonya", she describes Sophia as having a deep fear that Tolstoy would somehow re-enter a relationship with the woman.
The Tolstoys had 13 children, eight of whom survived childhood. The family was prosperous, owing to Tolstoy's efficient management of his estates and to the sales of his works, making it possible to provide adequately for the family.
Tolstaya was a devoted help to her husband in his literary work. She acted as copyist of "War and Peace", copying the manuscript seven times from beginning to end. In 1887, Tolstaya took up the relatively new art of photography. She took over a thousand photographs that documented her life, including with Tolstoy, and the decline of pre-Soviet Tsarist Russia. She was also a diarist and documented her life with Leo Tolstoy in a series of diaries which were published in English translation in the 1980s. Tolstaya wrote her memoirs as well, which she titled "My Life".
After many years of an increasingly troubled marriage—the couple argued over Tolstoy's desire to give away all his private property—Leo left Sophia abruptly in 1910, aged 82, with his doctor, Dushan Makovicki (Dušan Makovický), and daughter Alexandra. Tolstoy died 10 days later in a railway station, whilst Sophia was kept away from him (as depicted in the film, "The Last Station"). Following the death of her husband, Sophia continued to live in Yasnaya Polyana and survived the Russian Revolution in relative peace. She died in 1919.
With recent increased interest in Sophia Tolstaya some new biographical works, based on her memoirs and diaries, have been published:
In popular culture.
She was portrayed by Helen Mirren in the 2009 biographical film, "The Last Station", based on the 1990 biographical novel of the same name by Jay Parini, while the role of her husband Leo Tolstoy was portrayed by Christopher Plummer. Both actors were nominated for Academy Awards in their respective categories. Her life was also serialised in August 2010 by BBC's Radio 4 with the title "A Simple Life".

</doc>
<doc id="20800940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800940" title="Perrineville, New Jersey">
Perrineville, New Jersey

Perrineville is an unincorporated community located within Millstone Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP code 08535.
As of the 2000 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 08535 was 2,073.
Perrineville is located above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20800941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800941" title="Shopping Park Station">
Shopping Park Station

Shopping Park Station (), formerly Gouwugongyuan Station, is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of the junction of Fuhua Lu () at the junction of Yitian Lu () and Mintian Lu () in Futian District, Shenzhen, China. It is just next to COCO Park (). It is an interchange station between Luobao Line and the Longgang Line ().

</doc>
<doc id="20800960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800960" title="George Hammond">
George Hammond

George Hammond may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20800963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800963" title="Bill Doran (third baseman)">
Bill Doran (third baseman)

William James Doran (June 14, 1898 - March 9, 1978) was a Major League Baseball third baseman who played for the Cleveland Indians. An alumnus of Saint Mary's College of California, he played three games for the Indians during the 1922 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20800990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20800990" title="WWRA">
WWRA

WWRA, AKA Radio Amor, is a Spanish language Christian music station aimed at the growing Spanish speaking community around Baton Rouge,Louisiana. The station's initial broadcast license was filed on October 15, 2007 and was granted a Construction permit on December 20, 2007. The station was granted a full non-commercial license on December 11, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20801000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801000" title="Illeis galbula">
Illeis galbula

The Fungus-eating Ladybird ("Illeis galbula") is a species of Coccinellidae. Adults are 4-5mm in size while the larvae are between 8 and 10mm. Adults are bright yellow with black markings, larvae and pupa are white with black dots. During the day it is fast moving and readily flies or drops when disturbed. Adults feed on black mold and other fungi. The pupa are active and often stand on end. They are found in Australia and are a non-native species in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20801021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801021" title="Red Dorman">
Red Dorman

Charles Dwight "Red" Dorman (October 3, 1905 – December 7, 1974) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Indians for 28 games during the 1928 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20801038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801038" title="Alexander Matheson (pharmacist)">
Alexander Matheson (pharmacist)

Alexander Matheson OBE DL FRPharmS is a pharmacist, businessman, and local politician from Stornoway, now serving as Lord Lieutenant of the Western Isles.
Matheson became the youngest Provost of Stornoway in 1971, serving until 1975. In 1973, he was appointed to the Western Isles health board, becoming its chairman in 1993 until 2001.. Matheson was elected to Comhairle nan Eilean Siar in 1974 and served as Convenor from 1982 until 1990. He was appointed Chairman of Highlands and Islands Airports Ltd.in 2001 and served until 2007. A member of the Harris Tweed Authority between 1995 and 2007 he was chairman from 2001 to 2007. He served on Stornoway Trust Estate for 40 years from 1967 until 2007 and was chairman from 1971 until 1981. In 1972 he was appointed as an Honorary Sheriff at Stornoway and continues to hold that warrant. He served on Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission (now Stornoway Port Authority between 1968 and 2009 and was chairman from 1970 to 1972 and again from 1991 to 2001. He was President of the Islands Commission of The Conference of Peripheral Maritime Regions of Europe between 1987 and 1991. 
Matheson is the chairman of Roderick Smith Ltd., his family business. He was awarded the OBE in 1990. In 1993, he was made a Fellow of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain and a deputy lieutenant of the Western Isles. He became Vice Lord-Lieutenant in 1994, and also served as Convenor for the Western Isles Council. He was appointed Lord Lieutenant in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20801041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801041" title="Theodor von Sickel">
Theodor von Sickel

Theodor von Sickel (18 December 1826 – 21 April 1908) was a German-Austrian historian born in Aken, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia. He specialized in early European medieval history, and is considered to be the founder of modern diplomatics (critical document research).
In 1850 he obtained his doctorate from the University of Halle, then furthered his studies at the "École Nationale des Chartes" in Paris. In 1857 he was appointed professor at the University of Vienna, and from 1869 to 1891, he was director of the "Institut für Österreichische Geschichtsforschung" (Institute of Austrian Historical Research), specializing in ancillary branches of historical study, that included paleography, chronology and diplomatics. In the latter field, Sickel is acclaimed for his meticulous and expert edition of medieval documents, including over 1300 royal documents of the 10th century ("Diplomata regum et imperatorum Germaniae") 
In 1875 he became a member of the Monumenta Germaniae Historica, and from 1897 to 1908, he was president of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences. In 1881 he established the "Österreichisches Historisches Institut" (Austrian Historical Institute) in Rome, serving as its director until 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="20801050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801050" title="László Szabó (handballer born 1955)">
László Szabó (handballer born 1955)

László Szabó (born September 21, 1955) is a Hungarian former handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
In 1980 he was part of the Hungarian team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored 13 goals.
Eight years later he finished again fourth with the Hungarian team in the 1988 Olympic tournament. He played four matches and scored nine goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20801051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801051" title="Deolinda">
Deolinda

Deolinda is a Portuguese quartet band founded in 2006 when brothers Pedro da Silva Martins and Luis José Martins (formerly of the band 7-Headed Beast) invited their cousin, Ana Bacalhau, who was then singing with the band Lupanar, to sing four songs they had written. When they realized that her voice perfectly fit their songs they invited her to join them. They also invited José Pedro Leitão, the bass player with Lupanar and currently Ana Bacalhau's husband, to join them—creating Deolinda.
Career.
The band's debut album "Canção Ao Lado" released in 2008 was a success reaching number 3 on the charts and was certified double platinum after selling 55,000 copies. 
Their second album, "Dois Selos e Um Carimbo" (Two Stamps and a Seal), released in April 2010, topped the Portuguese charts at #1. In January 2011, at two concerts in Porto and two in Lisbon, the band performed the song "Parva que Sou" for the first time. The lyrics were a social criticism of modern Portugal and the lack of opportunities for its people. "Parva que Sou" became an anthem of Portugal's economically dislocated young generation. Bootleg videos of the song's concert premier went viral on social networks immediately after each performance. 
"Mundo Pequenino", the third album of the band was released in 2013.
The band's style is inspired by fado, but differs substantially from that of traditional Portuguese genre. For instance, Deolinda does not use Portuguese guitar, as fado would dictate. Deolinda's songs and lyrics are not serious and fatalistic, like classic fado; instead, they often use humor, irony and a fast, happy pace. When performing live, members of Deolinda do not dress in black as traditional fado players do.
Members.
The founding and current members of Deolinda are:

</doc>
<doc id="20801055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801055" title="Soon Hing v. Crowley">
Soon Hing v. Crowley

Soon Hing v. Crowley, , was a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States.
Facts.
The plaintiff had been arrested by the defendant, the Chief of Police of the City and County of San Francisco, for an alleged violation of an ordinance of the board of supervisors of that municipality. The ordinance prohibited the washing and ironing in public laundries and wash houses within defined territorial limits from ten o'clock at night to six in the morning.
The petition for the writ of habeas corpus set forth the arrest and detention of the petitioner by the chief of police, the ordinance under which the arrest was made, the complaint before the police judge, and the issue of the warrant under which he was taken into custody. It then proceeds to state that the petitioner had for several years been engaged in working for hire in a public laundry in the City and County of San Francisco, and complied with all the laws of the United States and of California and the ordinances of the city and county except in washing at the hours mentioned; that the business of carrying on a laundry is a lawful one, in which a large number of the subjects of the Emperor of China have been and are engaged in the said city and county within the limits prescribed by the ordinance; that there have been for several years great antipathy and hatred on the part of the residents of that city and county against the subjects of China residing and doing business there; that such antipathy and hatred have manifested themselves in various ways and under various forms for the purpose of compelling the subjects of China to quit and abandon their business and residence in the city and county and state; that owing to that feeling, and not otherwise, and not for any sanitary, police, or other legitimate purpose, but in order to force those subjects engaged in carrying on the business of a laundry in the City and County of San Francisco to abandon the exercise of their lawful vocation and their only means of livelihood, the supervisors passed the ordinance in question; that the petitioner has been and is earning his living exclusively by working at washing and ironing for hire, and in order to gain a livelihood is obliged to work late in the night, and has no other lawful vocation; that on the first of January 1884, his employer paid the license collector of the city and county six dollars, the amount required by the ordinance to obtain a license to carry on the business of a laundry, and obtained from him a license to carry on the business at a designated place within the prescribed limits. The petition also avers that section four of the ordinance is in contravention of the provisions of the Burlingame Treaty and of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States in that it deprives them of the equal protection of the laws. 
Issue before the court.
On hearing of the application for the writ, the judges of the circuit court were divided in opinion on several questions that arose. The questions were:
Opinion of the court.
The opinion of the presiding judge being that the said section was valid and constitutional, the application for the writ was denied, and the judgment entered upon the denial is brought to the high court for review.
Justice Stephen J. Field, delivered the opinion of the Court.

</doc>
<doc id="20801058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801058" title="White Knot">
White Knot

The White Knot is a symbol of support for Same-sex marriage in the United States.
The White Knot combines two symbols of marriage, the color white and "tying the knot" to represent support for same-sex marriage. The White Knot has been worn publicly by many celebrities as a means of demonstrating solidarity with that cause.
From the WhiteKnot.org website:
The White Knot is the symbol for marriage equality. Wear it every day to show your support and to create conversation. Use it to tell someone today that equal rights are important to everyone. Share the White Knot and spread the word that all loving couples deserve the same legal rights, benefits, and respect that civil marriage bestows.
Visibility is the goal.
Whether you are gay, straight, or otherwise, please show your support by wearing the Knot and telling people why you are wearing it. Wear your White Knot to work, to school, to your place of worship. Together, we will keep the topic at the top of people's minds and keep the conversation going.
The White Knot was created by Frank Voci in November 2008, in response to the passage of Proposition 8 in California and bans on same-sex marriage and denial of other civil rights for LGBT persons across the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="20801072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801072" title="Al Zour Refinery">
Al Zour Refinery

The Al Zour Refinery is an oil refinery under planning and development in Kuwait, a member of OPEC. The Kuwait National Petroleum Company (KNPC) first released plans to build what would have been the country's fourth oil refinery in May 2008 but it cancelled construction in March 2008 due to political opposition. Two years later, however, the government has re-approved construction and KNPC anticipates completion around 2017.
Initial plans.
The Kuwait National Petroleum Company released plans to construct the refinery in July 2007. In May 2008, it awarded construction contracts; the largest contracted was granted to a consortium of Japan's JGC Corporation and South Korea's GS Engineering & Construction, covering the installation of six distillation and atmospheric residue desulphurisation units, and diesel, naphtha, and kerosene hydrotreating plants. Korea's SK Engineering & Construction was charged with constructing the hydrogen plants, as well as the compression and sulphur recovery units; Daelim Industrial was to construct storage tanks; and Hyundai Engineering and Construction was to be responsible for the marine works. U.S. engineering and construction firm Fluor Corporation was awarded the offsites and utilities contract. KNPC announced that it would be operational in 2012 and that it planned on spending approximately $14 billion on the project. The refinery was expected to have a capacity of , which would have made it the largest refinery in the Middle East.
Cancellation.
However, in March 2009, the Kuwaiti government informed the contractors to halt construction, citing a drop in oil prices. Some investment analysts predicted the project's cancellation as early as December 2008. Furthermore, the project encountered political opposition by lawmakers who claimed that the government had not consulted the Central Tenders Committee before awarding contracts to foreign companies.
Re-approval.
However, in June 2011, the Supreme Petroleum Council—Kuwait's oil agency—re-approved construction of the refinery in Al Ahmadi, Kuwait. Construction had been halted due to financial concerns and political wrangling, but the Oil Minister affirmed that Kuwait was indeed moving forward with the refinery that would be able to process 615,000 barrels of oil per day. The estimated cost is $14.5 billion, or 4 billion dinar. As of May 2012 Kuwait's three existing refineries produce 930,000 barrels per day.
The Kuwait National Petroleum Company announced that it would launch a tender in June 2012. The projected timeline aims for completion in 2017; invitations to bid will be issued in Q4 of 2012 and contracts are expected to be awarded in Q4 of 2013. According to the Kuwait News Agency, there are several pre-qualified consultants, including former contractor Fluor, Technip, and AMEC.

</doc>
<doc id="20801115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801115" title="Smile Angel Foundation">
Smile Angel Foundation

Smile Angel Foundation (; sometimes Yanran Angel Foundation) is a Beijing-based charity founded in 2006 by Faye Wong and Li Yapeng to help Chinese children born with clefts. It is affiliated with the Red Cross Society of China. The foundation is named after the couple's daughter, Li Yan, who was born in the same year with severe clefts and underwent corrective surgery in the United States.
By 2007, the foundation had raised 35 million renminbi, including 29.5 million from auctions at its first two December fundraisers. It had assisted more than 2,000 children by 2008, and about 7,000 by mid-2010. Since 2008, the charity has worked with eight urban hospitals to make an annual journey to remote areas of China, providing free operations to children of poor famililies. In April 2010, it was recognized by the Chinese Ministry of Civil Affairs as one of the 20 most influential charity projects in 2009.
On 1 December 2011, the foundation teamed up with Germany's Philharmonie der Nationen and held a charity concert in Shanghai for the 5th anniversary of the foundation. 
In 2012, the charity established Beijing Smile Angel Children's Hospital, China's first charity hospital for children. It will offer free surgeries to 600 children with cleft lip each year. It has about 180 physicians and nurses, 10 percent of whom are volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="20801122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801122" title="Songs from the South Volume 2">
Songs from the South Volume 2

Songs from the South - Volume 2 (Paul Kelly 98-08) is the second greatest hits album by Australian singer-songwriter Paul Kelly and was released on 10 November 2008 by the EMI label.
In 1997 Paul Kelly released "Songs from the South", which featured hit songs from 1985 to 1997. "Songs from the South - Volume 2" comprises songs from Kelly’s catalogue from 1998 to 2008 including his solo albums such as "Words and Music", "Nothing But a Dream", "Ways & Means" and "Stolen Apples", as well as some from his collaborative efforts such as "Stardust Five" and "Professor Ratbaggy". It also includes a crowd favourite "Every Fucking City" from the "Roll on Summer" EP as well as two previously unreleased songs, "Thoughts in the Middle of the Night" and a tribute to Australian cricketer Shane Warne. 
"Songs for the South Volume 1" and "Volume 2" were also released as a combined double album and as a limited (2,000) collectors box set, together with a DVD, "Paul Kelly – The Video Collection 1985-2008" (a collection of Kelly's videos made over the past 23 years together with several live performances), a rare tour poster, a vintage T-Shirt, three replica back stage passes and a facsimile of the original hand written lyrics to "How to Make Gravy", individually signed by Kelly. 
The album debuted on the Australian Recording Industry Association Albums Chart at No. 25 and peaked at No. 22. The compilation was certified gold by ARIA in 2008 while the combined double album was certified gold in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20801153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801153" title="Battle of Deligrad">
Battle of Deligrad

The Battle of Deligrad was fought between Serbia and the Ottoman Empire in 1806.
The battle.
The First Serbian Uprising had begun in 1804 with the expulsion of the ruling janissary elite and the proclamation of an independent Serbian state by the revolution's leader, Karađorđe. The Ottoman Sultan, Selim III sent a huge Turkish force to quell the uprising. The Serbian high command decided to meet the Turkish force under Ibrahim Bushati, pasha of Shkodër, at Deligrad.
The Serbian right wing numbered 6,000 men under the command of Mladen Milovanović at Bela Palanka. The center consisted of 18,000 troops which would be placed at the Kunovaci mountain. The left wing would be composed of 6,000 men under the command of Milenko Stojković with an additional 4,500 reserve troops to guard from any possible Turkish flank attack from Niš. Stanoje Glavaš would command the elite and cavalry troops whose job was to delve deep into enemy territory and harass them as much as possible. Tomo Milinović was a head of artillery and made significant effort by good positioning and frequent relocation of the cannons.
The Turkish Army consisted of 55,000 regular troops with additional auxiliary and Janissary support. The Serbian army withstood several enemy offensives. The Serbian rebels also attacked the Turkish positions numerous times and managed to capture 9 Turkish cannons. Meanwhile, the elite troops of Stanoje Glavaš effectively liberated Prokuplje thereby splitting the Turkish army in two. The Turkish wing under the command of Pazvanoglu was swiftly defeated by Mladen Milovanović and the Ottoman force was routed.
The battle provided a decisive victory for the Serbs and bolstered the morale of the outnumbered Serbian rebels. To avoid total defeat, Ibrahim Pasha negotiated a six week truce with Karageorge.

</doc>
<doc id="20801194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801194" title="The Grief Recovery Institute">
The Grief Recovery Institute

Grief Recovery Institute Educational Foundation (GRIEF) is a 501(c)(3) organization specializing in helping people with grief issues. The organization is headquartered in Sherman Oaks, California, with locations in Canada, England, and Sweden. Its mission focuses on disseminating accurate and helpful information about grief and the possibility of recovery from the impact of death, divorce, and all other significant emotional losses.
Members of the institute appear regularly on CNN and other broadcast networks to help people understand emotional responses to national and international grief events – notably, in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks in 2001; when Andrea Yates drowned her five children; and during the Ronald Reagan memorial week. They have also conducted hundreds of print and radio interviews relative to chronicling events like the death of Princess Diana and other celebrities; plane crashes; and natural disasters – tsunamis, hurricanes, and floods.
The organization donated 1500 copies of James and Friedman’s books, The Grief Recovery Handbook and When Children Grieve, to the families directly affected by the 9/11 attacks, and donated 2500 copies of When Children Grieve, to the school districts in Texas, Mississippi, and Louisiana which took in thousands of children displaced by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.
The fee-based aspect of the organization trains and certifies mental and medical health professionals, funeral directors, clergy, and others in the application of the principles and actions that help grieving people. After completing the training, certificants take groups of individuals through a 12 week Outreach Program using the principles and actions of Grief Recovery that have been developed and refined by James and Friedman. More than 500,000 people have completed the Outreach Program.
History.
The Grief Recovery Institute was the unintended by-product of the death of a child of John W. James. Reeling from that death, John sought help from therapists, clergy, funeral directors, and others who he thought would know how to help. He haunted book stores looking for a book that would help him deal with the emotions that were making his life unbearable. The books he found were mainly first-person laments of deaths that had affected the authors. James already knew how much pain he was in. He needed to know how to overcome the pain and regain the will to live.
Friends, seeing positive changes in James, began referring others who’d had a child die to him. Although he was not trained as a counselor, he passed along the things he’d done that had helped him. At that time, James was a contractor, building passive solar homes. Eventually, people were coming to see James who were dealing with deaths of spouses, parents, and others, not just the death of children. In short order, so much of his time was spent helping others that there was no longer time for building houses.
The Grief Recovery Institute came into being after John W. James had brought himself to recover from the death of his three-day-old son in 1977. He wrote and self-published "The Grief Recovery Handbook". The publication expanded James’ ability to help many people; at latest count, there are more than 750,000 copies of the "Handbook" in print. Russell P. Friedman joined at the Grief Recovery Institute in 1987, as a volunteer and eventually become a full partner, and co-author of the revised edition of "The Grief Recovery Handbook" (1998), "When Children Grieve" and "Moving On". The revised edition of the "Handbook" included more about losses other than death, particularly divorce.
Friedman pioneered the formation of more than 2,500 grief recovery outreach programs that are facilitated by graduates of the Grief Recovery Certification Training Program. Following the publication of "When Children Grieve", Friedman and James developed the Helping Children Deal With Loss Program for adults to learn how to guide their children in dealing with death, divorce, pet loss, moving and other losses. Some of the outreach and children’s programs are fee based, but many are presented by churches, funeral homes, and other organizations as a community service.
Publications.
The Action Program for Moving Beyond Death, Divorce, and Other Losses – including Health, Career, and Faith
By John W. James, Russell Friedman
Published by HarperCollins, February, 2009
ISBN 978-0-06-168607-8
208 Pages
By John W. James, Russell Friedman
Published by HarperCollins, 1998
ISBN 0-06-095273-3, 978-0-06-095273-0
173 pages
By John W. James, Russell Friedman, Dr Leslie Matthews, Dr Leslie Landon Matthews
Contributor Dr Leslie Landon Matthews
Published by HarperCollins Publishers, 2002
ISBN 0-06-008429-4, 978-0-06-008429-5
256 pages
By Russell Friedman, John W. James
Published by M. Evans & Company, 2006
ISBN 1-59077-127-3, 978-1-59077-127-3
218 pages

</doc>
<doc id="20801195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801195" title="2007 in Australian literature">
2007 in Australian literature

The year 2007 in Australian literature involves some significant new books, drama, poetry and events.
For an overview of world literature see 2007 in literature.
"See also:" 2007 in Australia.
References.
Note: all references relating to awards can, or should be, found on the relevant award's page.

</doc>
<doc id="20801238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801238" title="A New Tide">
A New Tide

A New Tide is the sixth studio album by the British indie rock band Gomez. It was released on 28 March 2009 in Australia, 30 March 2009 in the UK, and on 31 March 2009 in the US.
Reception.
Initial critical response to "A New Tide" was generally average. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received a score of 61, based on 17 reviews.
The album debuted at number 60 on the Billboard 200, selling 10,000 copies in its first week.
Track listing.
All tracks by Gomez except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="20801245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801245" title="RMS Andania (1913)">
RMS Andania (1913)

RMS "Andania" was a passenger and cargo ship from Great Britain launched 22 March 1913. She was 13,405 tons and built in the Greenock Dockyard Company by Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company Ltd and completed 13 July 1913.
In World War I the Andania was used to transport the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers and Royal Dublin Fusiliers to Cape Helles for the landings at Suvla. The landing at Suvla Bay by the British IX Corps was part of the August Offensive during the Battle of Gallipoli.
Description.
The Andania measured 158.58 × 19.50 meters (520.3 × 64 feet) and had twin funnels and masts. The hull was made of steel and the vessel was propelled by a twin propellers configaration, powered by eight quadruple-expansion engines creating a service speed of 15 knots. The Andania held accommodations for 520 second-class and 1,540 third-class passengers. Her sister ships were the and which were almost identical and "cater(ed) only for second and third class passengers. The old-style third class dormitories were replaced by four or six-berth cabins."
History.
The Andania made its maiden voyage on 14 July 1913 from Liverpool via Southampton to Quebec and Montreal. In August 1914 it was requisitioned as a troopship and made several trips carrying Canadian troops. For a few weeks in 1915 the Andania was used to accommodate German POWs in the Thames. In the summer of 1915 it was used in the Gallipoli campaign when she was used to transport the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers and Royal Dublin Fusiliers to Cape Helles for the landings at Suvla.
After transporting more Canadian troops in 1916, it returned to passenger service in 1917 on the Liverpool-New York route. The Andania left Liverpool on 26 January 1918 with 40 passengers and a crew of around 200. On the 27 January the ship was hit amidships by a torpedo from German submarine captained by Leo Hillebrand two miles north-northeast of Rathlin East (Altacarry Head) lighthouse on Rathlin Island (County Antrim). The ship immediately took a list to starboard and began to sink. Attempts were made to tow the ship but it sank after a few hours. A great deal of the people on board were saved, but Andania's sinking killed seven crew members. The wreck is lying at a depth of between 175 and 189 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="20801285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801285" title="Gangxia Station">
Gangxia Station

Gangxia Station () is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of the junction of Fuhua Road () and Caituan Road () in Futian District, Shenzhen, China. It mainly serves the nearby residential buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="20801298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801298" title="Patrick Lennon">
Patrick Lennon

Patrick Orlando Lennon (born April 27, 1968 in Whiteville, North Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder.
Lennon was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the 1st round (8th overall) of the 1986 Major League Baseball Draft and made his major league debut for the Mariners on September 15, . He also played in the majors for the Kansas City Royals, Oakland Athletics, and Toronto Blue Jays. From - with two stints in Triple-A in between, Lennon played for the Long Island Ducks of the independent Atlantic League. In his four seasons with the Ducks, he batted .311, .327, .323, and .291.

</doc>
<doc id="20801311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801311" title="San Diego Highwayman">
San Diego Highwayman

Thomas Weller (born December 25, 1947), a.k.a. the San Diego Highwayman, is a mechanic and nationally recognized Good Samaritan.
Weller began helping stranded motorists in 1966, two years after his car plowed into a snowbank in Illinois. A man saved Weller's life by pulling him out, and asked Weller to pass on the favor as payment for the man's help.
In April 2002 Auto Trader arranged for Weller's fuel costs to be paid, but the coverage ended 17 months later due to budget cuts.
Weller was featured on the front page of the LA Times on July 24, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20801327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801327" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Richmond, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Richmond, Virginia

__NOTOC__
This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the independent city of Richmond, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20801345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801345" title="John Krubsack">
John Krubsack

John Krubsack (1858-1941) was a banker and farmer from Embarrass, Wisconsin. He conceived, planted and shaped the first known living chair. He started in 1903 and harvested it 11 years later in 1914 dubbed the chair that grew. 
Biography.
In addition to banking, Krubsack was a prominent naturalist. He farmed, made cheese, and landscaped his property long before these were common practice. His house was the first in his region to have running water. He also was skilled at piecing together furniture from found branches. He’d scour the local river flats with a yardstick and a saw, looking for just the right shaped piece of blue beech, a hardwood tree with a smooth, wavy bark and a beautiful blue color when varnished. John took his youngest son, Hugo, on these weekend wood-hunting excursions, and it was during one of his trips that the idea first came to him to grow a chair.
Chair.
In a letter sent to his nephew Dennis in 1975, Hugo described his father’s announcement of the living chair:
Krubsack explains the process in detail of how he grew the chair:
Legacy.
The chair, eventually dubbed the “Chair That Grew,” had its first big public showing in a natural history exhibit at the 1915 World’s Fair, the Panama-Pacific International Exposition, held that year in San Francisco, California.
Hugo assisted his father in all aspects of the living chair project and went on to promote it in many ways, including contacting Robert Ripley, who ran it in his “Believe It or Not” column and later filmed John standing beside the chair explaining all about it. The film ran in the weekly newsreels of the time in theaters across the US.
The Lloyd Mfg. Co. at the Chicago Furniture Mart subsequently showed the chair during a large trade show for furniture manufacturers. The “Chair That Grew” was displayed on a golden pedestal at the entrance.
Krubsack’s chair garnered many offers (one was $5,000) from would-be buyers over the years, but John, and later Hugo, turned them all down. Hugo had no heirs and simply could not bear to see it in the hands of others. He maintained possession of it until he let his nephew Gerhard A. Krubsack buy it for a token amount to use in advertising his furniture business, Noritage Furniture of Embarrass, Wisconsin.
In 1988 the chair was summoned to make another appearance, this time to be sat upon by an actor in the costume of Mickey Mouse, at Disney World in Orlando, Florida, on the occasion of the character's 60th birthday. Currently the chair sits inside a special Plexiglas case at the entrance of Noritage Furniture, the furniture manufacturing business now owned by John Krubsack’s descendants, Steve and Dennis Krubsack.

</doc>
<doc id="20801350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801350" title="Carl Krayl">
Carl Krayl

Carl Christian Krayl (17 April 1890 – 1 April 1947) was a German architect and artist of the early twentieth century, who was associated with several of the leading avant-garde art movements of German Expressionism.
Krayl was born in Weinsberg, and educated at the school of applied arts and the technical college of Stuttgart. He began his career working for architects in Nuremberg and Freiburg. He did technical work in Ingolstadt during World War I. 
In the years immediately after the War, Krayl was involved with the Arbeitsrat für Kunst, the November Group, the Glass Chain, and Der Ring, along with Walter Gropius, Bruno Taut, and other luminaries of the Expressionist movement. Krayl's paintings and drawings from this period are richly imaginative and visionary, with titles like "Cosmic building," "Dream city," and "Light greetings from my star house."
Krayl was one of the architects interested in the possibilities of the "glass architecture" advocated by the writer Paul Scheerbart. In 1920 Krayl began designing "suspended and swinging architecture," a feature of Scheerbart's 1914 novel "The Gray Cloth". Krayl designed a "Crystaline Star House" that hung from the side of a cliff. Krayl also wrote a series of articles that were published in Taut's journal "Frühlicht" ("Daybreak").
Simultaneously, Krayl worked in the practical and pragmatic side of architecture. He held a position on the board of works for the city of Magdeburg from 1921 to 1938. He designed buildings that were constructed in Magdeburg and elsewhere, including the health insurance building in Magdeburg, a union office, and apartment buildings. In the 1921–1924 years, Krayl was Bruno Taut's assistant while Taut was the city architect in Magdeburg; together they executed a program of facade painting to alleviate the grimness of urban architecture. (The Constructivist artist Ilya Ehrenburg saw their work in 1922, and criticized it for "its disproportion and dadaistic hysteria.")
In 1933, when the Nazi regime came to power, Krayl was accused of being a Bolshevik (a false charge). As a result, he was unemployed as an architect through 1937. From 1938 to 1946 he worked as a draftsman for the national railway. He died in Werder (Havel) in 1947.
"We want to look into the distant future and show what is to come..." — Carl Krayl to Walter Gropius, 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="20801363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801363" title="Khoisan Aboriginal and Others Movement">
Khoisan Aboriginal and Others Movement

The Khoisan Aboriginal and Others Movement is a political party in South Africa. It is the first Khoisan party in South Africa and was launched in December 2008. It is led by Rodney January and will seek to improve the livelihood of South Africa's San people.

</doc>
<doc id="20801391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801391" title="2009 World Baseball Classic rosters">
2009 World Baseball Classic rosters

The following is a list of squads for each nation competing at the 2009 World Baseball Classic. The tournament started on March 5, 2009.
Each participating national federation had a deadline of January 19, 2009 to submit a 45-man provisional roster. Final rosters of 28 players, which also must include a minimum of 13 pitchers and two catchers, were submitted on February 24. If a player on the submitted roster is unable to play, usually due to injury, he can be substituted at any time before the start of the tournament. Roster changes during the competition are restricted to the breaks between rounds of competition—for example, a player who is injured during pool play could not be replaced during the pool phase, but could be replaced if his team advanced to the second round.
Team affiliations on all rosters, and player ages, are current as of the opening day of the tournament.
Pool A.
Manager: 77 Terry Collins<br>
Coaches: 66 Brent Strom, 72 Aiping Wang, 29 Sheng Yi
Manager: 3 Chih-Hsien Yeh (葉志仙)<br>
Coaches: 88 Tai-Yuan Kuo (郭泰源), 26 Kong-Hui Wang (王光輝), 70 Wen-Sheng Lu (呂文生), 6 Chen Wei-Cheng (陳威成), 65 Lin Kun-Han (林琨瀚), 68 Cheng-Hao Wang
Manager: 83 Tatsunori Hara (原辰徳)<br>
Coaches: 3 Koichi Ogata, 72 Tsutomu Itoh, 71 Hisashi Yamada, 92 Tsuyoshi Yoda, 81 Kazunori Shinozuka, 63 Nobuhiro Takashiro

Manager: 81 In-Sik Kim (김인식)<br>
Coaches: 80 Sung-Han Kim (김성한), 79 Sang-Moon Yang (양상문), 78 Soon-Chul Lee (이순철), 77 Joong-Il Ryu (류중일), 75 Sung-Woo Kang (강성우), 76 Min-Ho Kim (김민호)
Pool B.
Manager: 24 Jon Deeble<br>
Coaches: 33 Paul Elliot, 10 Pat Kelly, 27 Graeme Lloyd, 2 Tony Harris, 43 Philip Dale
Manager: 39 Higinio Vélez<br>
Coaches: 41 Francisco Escaurido, 22 Enrique Cepero, 34 Jose Elosegui, 30 Pedro Perez, 21 Lourdes Gourriel
Manager: 9 Vinny Castilla<br>
Coaches: 34 Fernando Valenzuela, 49 Teddy Higuera, 44 Armando Reynoso, 20 José Tolentino, 6 Ever Magallanes, 5 Houston Jiménez
Manager: Rick Magnante<br>
Coaches: Lee Smith, Brian McArn, Mike Randall, Neil Adonis, Alan Phillips
Pool C.
Manager: 21 Ernie Whitt<br>
Coaches: 3 Larry Walker, 49 Paul Quantrill, 42 Denis Boucher, 34 Tim Leiper, 27 Greg Hamilton, 20 Greg O'Halloran
Manager: 5 Marco Mazzieri<br>
Coaches: 21 Mike Hargrove, 26 Tom Trebelhorn, 23 Alberto D'Auria, 1 William Holmberg, 31 Mike Piazza, 33 Gilberto Gerali
Manager: 5 Davey Johnson<br>
Coaches: 8 Reggie Smith, 27 Marcel Lachemann, 11 Barry Larkin, 3 Billy Ripken, 20 Mike Schmidt, 30 Mel Stottlemyre
Manager: 8 Luis Sojo<br>
Coaches: 41 Andrés Galarraga, 20 Tony Armas, 34 Omar Malavé, 5 Oscar Escobar, 10 Roberto Espinoza, 33 Luis Dorante
Pool D.
Manager: 17 Felipe Alou<br>
Coaches: 55 Luis Pujols, 32 Mario Soto, 6 Junior Noboa, 4 Alfredo Griffin, 19 Luis Silverio, 31 Ramon Henderson
Manager: 6 Rod Delmonico<br>
Coaches: Bert Blyleven, 26 Bill Froberg, 34 Wim Martinus, 32 Hensley Meulens, Jim Stoeckel, Ben Thijssen
Manager: 11 Héctor López<br>
Coaches: 53 Ricardo Medina, 56 Len Picota, 24 Allan Lewis, 43 Luis Ortiz, 5 Luis Molina
Manager: José Oquendo<br>
Coaches: Carlos Arroyo, Eduardo Pérez, Iván DeJesús, Charlie Montoyo, Gil Rondon, Jerry Morales

</doc>
<doc id="20801432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801432" title="George Henry Chapman">
George Henry Chapman

George Henry Chapman (November 22, 1832 – June 16, 1882) was an American sailor, newspaper editor, lawyer, and soldier. He served in the United States Navy during the Mexican-American War and as a Union Army general during the American Civil War. Later in life he was a judge and a state legislator.
Early life and career.
Chapman was born in Holland, Massachusetts in 1832. At the age of six, Chapman and his family moved to Indiana. His father and uncle published newspapers in Terre Haute and then in Indianapolis, including "Indiana State Sentinel", a pro-democratic newspaper. Chapman later studied at Marion County Seminary. 
In 1847 Chapman was appointed to the U. S. Navy as a midshipman. He served on the frigates USS "Cumberland" and USS "Constitution" until 1850, when he resigned following the death of his uncle. He then had a short-lived career in the mercantile business, and afterward he studied law. Chapman was admitted to the bar in 1857. From 1854–55, he edited and published his own newspaper called the Indiana "Republican". He became the assistant clerk to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1860.
Civil War service.
At the beginning of the American Civil War in 1861, he resigned his clerk position to volunteer in the Union Army. On November 2 he was commissioned a major in the 3rd Indiana Cavalry. Briefly Chapman lead the cavalry division of the Army of the Ohio in May of the following year. Transferring to the infantry, he commanded a brigade in the Army of the Potomac until June 27, 1862.
Chapman was promoted to lieutenant colonel on October 25, 1862. He fought at the Second Battle of Bull Run in August, the Battle of Antietam in September, and the Battle of Fredericksburg in December. On March 12, 1863, Chapman was promoted to colonel, and that May he participated in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Returning to the cavalry service, Chapman led his regiment during the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863. Here his command was part of Col. Thomas C. Devin's brigade, and was noted as the first Union soldiers to engage Confederate forces approaching Gettysburg via the Cashtown road. Shortly after the battle, Chapman was given brigade command in the cavalry of the Army of the Potomac until March 1864.
Chapman participated in the Valley Campaigns of 1864 against Confederate Lt. Gen. Jubal Early's forces, lasting from May to October. He was promoted to the rank of brigadier general on July 21. Chapman led a cavalry brigade in the Union Army of the Shenandoah from August 6 until September 19, when he was wounded during the Third Battle of Winchester. Recovered by the following month, Chapman resumed leading a cavalry brigade in the Shenandoah Valley. 
Beginning on January 5, 1865, Chapman led a cavalry division of the Army of the Shenandoah. After the Battle of Waynesboro, Virginia on March 2, he was ordered to remain in the Shenandoah Valley while the rest of the Union forces headed for Petersburg, Virginia. Chapman had with him now three small regiments and a few artillery pieces to hold the Valley. Near the end of the war he was brevetted to major general in the Union Army on March 13, in recognition of his performance at Winchester in September 1864. Beginning on April 19, 1865, he was given command of the cavalry division assigned to Washington, D.C.
Postbellum.
After the war, Chapman spent two months serving on court-martial boards. His military career ended with his resignation on January 7, 1866. He then served as a judge of the Criminal Court of Marion County, Indiana for five years. He also served as receiver for two financially challenged railroads during the 1870s. He then served as a state legislator in the Indiana Senate, after being elected to the Senate in 1880. In June 1882 he died near Indianapolis, Indiana, and was buried at Crown Hill Cemetery located in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20801438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801438" title="Septimus Heap (character)">
Septimus Heap (character)

Septimus Heap is the main protagonist in the bestselling book series "Septimus Heap", by Angie Sage. He is the Apprentice to the ExtraOrdinary Wizard, Marcia Overstrand. He was once a member of the Young Army, known as Boy 412.
Description.
Septimus is a small and timid looking boy, with green wizard eyes and curly blond hair, formerly wearing a sheepskin jacket with purple and yellow stripes, and red hat during his Young Army days. Now he wears the traditional green robes of the ExtraOrdinary apprentice to Marcia and a pair of brown boots. He was very thin when he was in the Young Army. Later he filled up more due to Aunt Zelda's cabbage sandwiches in "Magyk".
Development.
According to author Angie Sage, the character was in her mind for a long time, and she had already decided what would happen to Septimus in the end but was not exactly sure how she would make the character get there or who he would meet on his journey. For her, Septimus was someone who was in a strange and hostile world and who did not have a clue about who he really was.
In the Story.
Before meeting the Heaps.
At twelve hours old, Septimus was taken away from his mother Sarah Heap by the Matron Midwife on the commands of the evil Necromancer, DomDaniel. It was planned for him to be raised to become apprentice to DomDaniel. However, due to a mix -up, the midwife's own son was taken. Septimus was raised in the Young Army, known as Boy 412, up until the end of "Magyk".
After meeting his family.
In the very first book "Magyk" after Septimus was taken away, Silas and Sarah later adopt the orphaned princess of their Castle. When Jenna, the princess, is discovered, the ExtraOrdinary wizard Marcia Overstrand takes her away from the Heaps and circumstance had it that Boy 412 ended up escaping with them to Silas Heap's Aunt; Aunt Zelda's place. There the others discover Boy 412's magical powers and he, together with Jenna and their brother Nicko discover a hidden Dragon-Boat and save Marcia from DomDaniel. Marcia accepts Boy 412 as her apprentice, and for a return gift, Aunt Zelda reveals him to be Septimus Heap.
The second book "Flyte" finds Septimus as the apprentice to Marcia. His elder brother Simon kidnaps Jenna in envy of Septimus stealing his apprenticeship. Septimus along with Nicko goes out in search of Jenna and they are accompanied by his Young Army friend Boy 409 or better known as Wolf-Boy. They find Jenna in the Port and take the Dragon-Boat from Aunt Zelda's to fight Simon who damages the Dragon-Boat extensively. Septimus saves Marcia again from a "placement" by Simon. He found the long-lost "flyte" charm.
The third book "Physik" finds Septimus in great danger as the ghost of an evil Queen Etheldredda sends him back in time 500 years ago. There Septimus becomes the apprentice to a noted alchemist called Marcellus Pye and learns about "physik". Jenna and Nicko along with a new girl called Snorri, rescue him and Marcia destroys the evil queen. Septimus cures the people of the Castle from "the sicknesse" which was spreading.
In "Queste", Septimus is tricked to go on a deadly quest by an old and nasty ghost called Tertius Fume. He eventually goes on to the House of Foryx to search Nicko and Snorri who were trapped back in time in the previous book. Along with Jenna and Beetle, his friend, they search and bring back Nicko and Snorri. His magical power development is noticeable.
"Syren" sees Septimus promoted to Senior Apprentice as he was the only ExtraOrdinary Apprentice to have survived - much less completed - the Queste. With his newfound freedom he sets off to find Jenna, Nicko, Beetle and Snorri (who were still at the Trading Post) on Spit Fyre, to discover them tucked away safely on Jenna's father's (Milo Branda) ship: the "Cerys". Events lead to Septimus, Jenna, Beetle and an injured Spit Fyre becoming stranded on a beautiful island and meeting Syrah Syara - a 513-year-old girl possessed by the Syren. Eventually Syrah is freed from the Syren and the friends all sail home together on the "Cerys".
Character Speciality.
Magical Power.
Septimus is the Seventh Son of a Seventh Son (Silas Heap). Therefore he is gifted with extreme magical powers. When Marcia gives him a charm to be invisible in "Magyk", he was the first to disappear without even uttering the charm. This made Marcia realize that he had extreme magical powers. She asked him to be her apprentice which he later accepted.
The Dragon-Boat also realised this magical power when Septimus held the Dragon's tiller. When Jenna, Nicko and he went to find Marcia aboard "The Vengeance", he showed his magical skill by being clever enough to utter new spells so that all three of them can see each other even if they are invisible. He can "transfix" (paralyse) bigger beings like horses as well as unreal things like shadows as demonstrated in "Flyte". He was the first one to discover the complete Flyte charm in many years and is able to fly successfully. When he went back in time to Marcellus Pye, he learnt all that he could about alchemy and "Physik" and was even able to cure the "sicknesse" which infected the Castle inhabitants. He is also able to do a complete "Projection" as he demonstrated in the House of Foryx.
Relationships, likes and dislikes.
Septimus is a loving and caring boy, fond of his adopted sister Jenna, brother Nicko, friends Beetle and Wolf Boy (Boy 409), tutor Marcia and pet dragon Spit Fyre. His relationship with his elder brother Simon is ruined in "Flyte" when Simon tried to kidnap Jenna and kill Marcia, but maintains a healthy relationship with the other Heap brothers and is closest to Nicko Heap. Although he spends most of his time at Wizard Tower, he loves it when he gets a chance to meet Sarah and Silas and roam around the Castle with Jenna as is evident in "Flyte". Septimus loves catching bugs and has vertigo which he faces, many times in the series like when he walks along Snake Slipway in "Physik" or going along the toll bridge to the House of Foryx in "Queste". He likes having FizzFroot with his friend Beetle but hates it when he has to go on a sled ride with him under the Manuscriptorium's Ice Tunnels. It is possible that when he was Boy 412 he had a slight crush on Jenna, as when he would be embarrassed when he had to dress silly in front of her and he would care for her more than any other person, but whether or not he still has it is still unknown. He does, however, seem to develop a more prominent crush on Syrah Syara, an ExtraOrdinary Wizard apprentice 500 years past who was lost to the Queste. Whether or not she returns his affections is unclear - she did indeed smile at him when he took her hand, but that may be because he was some of the first human contact she had had in 500 years.
Possessions.
Septimus wears an ExtraOrdinary apprentice belt around his waist in which he keeps all his small charms including the "Flyte" charm. He wears the Dragon ring of Hotep-Ra around his finger. He still has his Young Army Camp back pack and keeps an interesting collection of stuff from his Young Army days which can be handy and useful at any time. His backpack is ruined by a pack of wolverines in the forest when he goes out in search of Jenna in "Flyte". He had a green rock that Jenna gave him in "Magyk", but it hatched into Spit Fyre.
Reception.
The character was widely accepted as being extremely impressive and a well-written standalone. "Manila Standard" said that his character comes off as an intriguing boy, who is taught early on to live cautiously (in his Young Army days), yet he longs for the love and affection of a family.
Sabina Qazi of "Dawn.com" said that sometimes Sage has given too much attention to the secondary characters and that takes away the heroism of the main protagonist Septimus. Also, the ease with which they dispatch their enemy, takes away his glory a little but also "this very element, makes for light and humorous reading and renders the children more identifiable." She also said that Septimus was quite identifiable when compared with real world and comes off like the most intelligent but quiet boy in class whom we see at every school.

</doc>
<doc id="20801449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801449" title="Donald Hankey">
Donald Hankey

Donald William Alers Hankey (27 October 1884 – 12 October 1916) was an English soldier best known for two volumes of essays about the British volunteer army in World War I both titled "A Student in Arms".
Biography.
Donald Hankey was born in Brighton, Sussex, the youngest child of Robert Alers Hankey and Helen Bakewell Hankey. The senior Hankey returned to England with his Australian wife after having made his fortune sheep farming in South Australia. Maurice Hankey was one of Donald's brothers. As his father and his three older brothers had done, Donald attended Rugby School and from there he entered the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich in the autumn of 1901 when he was not yet seventeen. After what he later remembered as “the two most miserable years of my life” at Woolwich Academy, Hankey received his commission as a second lieutenant, joined the Royal Garrison Artillery and was ultimately stationed in Mauritius until serious ill-health led to his return to England on extended sick leave at the end of 1906.
With his military career apparently cut short, three considerations entered into Hankey’s view of his future. One was his long-standing attraction to an eventual career as a Church of England clergyman; another was a recently formed fascination with the challenge of ministering in some way to the manifold needs of the urban poor; and finally, a comfortable legacy at his father’s death (1906) gave him the means to make these two objectives practicable. Accordingly, he spent four months in residence at Rugby House, a mission in one of London’s roughest pockets of poverty, and at the same time enrolled in a “crammer” at Charterhouse with the aim of gaining admittance to university and ultimately to ordination in the Church. Rugby Mission opened Hankey’s eyes to what it might take to work effectively with young people in the slums, but he did succeed in entering Oxford. 
Having resigned his army commission and having treated himself to a four-month holiday on the Continent, Hankey began his theological studies as a member of Corpus Christi College. His three years at Oxford were fruitful. His theological studies gave focus to his convictions, and he produced what was eventually published as "The Cross", a short book on the Atonement. Still more crucial, however, was Hankey’s introduction to life at the Oxford and Bermondsey Mission, established and maintained by Oxonians in what was then a notoriously squalid London neighborhood south of the Thames. His connection with Bermondsey became one of the most decisive influences in Donald Hankey’s life.
After Oxford (and after a return visit to Mauritius by way of Kenya and Madagascar), Hankey entered the clergy school in Leeds, but found it stultifying and soon gravitated back to Bermondsey where he plunged into the demanding work of the Oxford mission’s several boys' clubs. But what Hankey had assumed would be his path to ordination in the Church of England continued to lead him in unexpected ways. For various reasons, as he accustomed himself to the life of an Oxford missionary among the noise and stench of Bermondsey, it came to seem all too congenial and curiously unchallenging. Accordingly, (dressed as a labourer, an identity he sometimes assumed in London’s mean streets), Hankey sailed for Australia as a steerage passenger, seeking first of all hard manual work and also the chance eventually to establish a wholesome refuge for London’s hopeless poor somewhere in the vast reaches of the sub-continent. Farm work, travel, and a series of articles on “Australian Life” for the "Westminster Gazette" occupied this interval. 
Returning to England and to Bermondsey in the winter of 1913, Hankey resumed his work with the Mission, looking ahead to a more constructive sojourn in Australia the next summer and throwing himself into the writing of a book on Jesus and the failings of the contemporary church. That book, "The Lord of All Good Life", was headed for publication and Hankey was all but headed back to Australia when war came in August 1914. He put in for a commission, but hearing that Lord Kitchener had called for one hundred thousand recruits under thirty, Hankey (who was some two months short of that limit) decided that as a “possible parson” he preferred “experience in the ranks,” and on 8 August enlisted as a private in the 7th Battalion of the Rifle Brigade.
Though they naturally stood out, “gentleman rankers” such as Donald Hankey were not unknown in what became spoken of as “Kitchener’s Mob”; but few, like Hankey, had gone to a military academy and had previously held commissions. So given the extreme needs of the new army, Hankey’s military experience marked him at once, and within a week he was made a sergeant, then sent to barracks at Aldershot and later billeted upon elderly Mrs. Coppin of Firs Cottage in nearby Elstead. His few short months there, training recruits and sharing meaningfully in their lives, mediating to some degree between humble men and the rigid authority above them, were among the happiest and most fulfilling days of Hankey’s life. They corresponded, too, with the beginnings of his recognition as a writer; "The Lord of All Good Life" “by Donald Hankey, Sergeant, Rifle Brigade,” was published in October of that year. Its modest but gratifying reception could be explained in part by the technically accurate but essentially misleading identification of its author as a soldier in the ranks. Hankey had found his relationship to his fellow men-in-arms more deeply satisfying even than work among London’s poor, and his book subtitled “A study of the greatness of Jesus and the weakness of His Church” gave him needed confidence in his promise as a writer.
From Elstead his posting to dismal Borden Camp was a next step toward active combat. About this time the captain put in charge of Hankey’s company turned out to be such a detested contrast to the man Donald had been serving under that he gave up his sergeant’s stripes in order to be transferred to another company. This incident was part of the inspiration for what became Hankey’s most popularly admired essay, “The Beloved Captain,” an uncharacteristically effusive tribute to the memory of Captain Ronald Hardy, who as a lieutenant had been Hankey’s platoon commander.
Hankey’s two tours of combat duty were separated by about a year and by a change in rank from corporal in the Rifle Brigade to second lieutenant in the Royal Warwickshire Regiment. The first culminated in his being wounded near Ypres on 30 July 1915. Since crossing the Channel in May, Hankey had begun to write about the war, more in the form of reflective essays than in personal narrative; but his wounding was the basis for an impressionistic and somewhat disguised account of that particular experience, later published as "The Honour of the Brigade". During his protracted convalescence, Hankey was prompted to apply for a commission. Various considerations were involved in this decision, especially the urging of his older brother Maurice, himself a former captain in the Royal Marine Artillery who was already well along in what would become a distinguished career as Secretary of the Committee of Imperial Defense and eventually Cabinet Secretary. 
At length, and not without misgivings, Donald was commissioned, finally joining the “Warwicks” infantry regiment, and returned to action. In the meantime Hankey was becoming an acclaimed, though as yet anonymous, author of a series of essays appearing in "The Spectator" under the "nom de plume" “A Student in Arms.”
In essence, Hankey’s increasingly popular essays were a comprehensive meditation on how Britain’s citizen army was meeting the unprecedented challenge of war. In general, they fell somewhere between the jingoistic enthusiasm with which the Great War tended to be greeted at its outset and the bleak disillusionment so strikingly evident in the work of those writers who survived it. Modestly and thoughtfully, Hankey spoke of the ordinary soldiers’ common ordeal in terms that his readers at home found sobering but reassuring. In their day, collected in two volumes published in the spring of 1916 by Andrew Melrose and (posthumously) in 1917, the pieces that comprise "A Student in Arms" were received with what must be called gratitude; today they provide valuable insight into how the 1914-18 war appeared to many who, both as civilians and in the military, actually experienced it whether facing combat or waiting anxiously at home.
It is not surprising that the later essays written by the “Student in Arms” during his second close-up view of war are significantly more sombre. Some, in fact, were rejected by the "Spectator" owing to their “change in tone.” The battle-tested Hankey’s sympathies for the increasingly younger officers and men become ever more acute; his confidence that their sacrifice will be sufficiently honoured grows less certain. His brief first-hand participation in the cataclysmic opening day of the Battle of the Somme and its sickening aftermath mark some of Hankey’s final letters with unmistakable signs of shock. After a short respite at an Army School behind the lines, Hankey was back in the trenches near Le Transloy. On 6 October, he wrote in calm resignation to his sister Hilda that heavy fighting was just ahead. It is part of the Hankey legend that as he and his men waited to go “over the top” at 1:30 on the afternoon of 12 October 1916, Lt Hankey was heard to tell them, "“If you are wounded, ‘Blighty’; if killed, the Resurrection!”" Hankey died in that attack and was buried near where he fell. That grave was never located, and his name appears on the huge Thiepval memorial to the 70,000 missing and unidentified dead who fought on the Somme.

</doc>
<doc id="20801469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801469" title="R. Alton Lee">
R. Alton Lee

Roy Alton Lee (born 24 May 1931) is professor emeritus of history at the University of South Dakota where he taught American history. After retiring in 1996, he moved to Kansas and authored works on Kansas history. He has written books on John Romulus Brinkley and other purveyors of pseudoscience. He was nominated for the sixth annual William Rockhill Nelson Award honoring literary excellence by Kansas and Missouri writers.
Biography.
He was born on May 24, 1931 and he married Marilyn Joyce Kurzara in Kansas City, Missouri. He was professor of history at the University of South Dakota and after retiring in 1996, he moved to Kansas and authored works on Kansas history.

</doc>
<doc id="20801591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801591" title="Manhunt International 2010">
Manhunt International 2010

Manhunt International 2010 was the 14th Manhunt International pageant, held in Taichung City, Taiwan on November 20, 2010. 50 contestants attended the event and competing for the title.

</doc>
<doc id="20801609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801609" title="Tribeles">
Tribeles

Tribeles australis, the sole species in the genus Tribeles, is a prostrate shrub native to Chile and Argentina.
Taxonomy.
Historically it was placed alone in family Tribelaceae. This was placed in the Hydrangeales by Takhtajan, but the APG II system placed it in the Euasterids II clade (campanulids) unplaced as to order. More recent work has provided evidence that "Tribeles" arose from within the ranks of Escalloniaceae, so the Angiosperm Phylogeny Website recommends placing it there, and treating Tribelaceae as a synonym of Escalloniaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20801610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801610" title="1999 Peruvian Segunda División">
1999 Peruvian Segunda División

The 1999 Segunda División Peruana, the second division of Peruvian football (soccer), was played by 12 teams. The tournament winner, América Cochahuayco was promoted to the Playoff. The tournament was played on a home-and-away round-robin basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20801653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801653" title="Saddle Peak Hills">
Saddle Peak Hills

The Saddle Peak Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northern San Bernardino County, southern California.
They are located within the southeastern corner of Death Valley National Park, northeast of the Avawatz Mountains.
See also.
Other ranges in the local area include the:

</doc>
<doc id="20801667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801667" title="Phobos (comics)">
Phobos (comics)

Phobos, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20801673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801673" title="Sagehen Hills">
Sagehen Hills

The Sagehen Hills are a low mountain range in Nevada County, California.
The Sagehen Hills are part of the Sagehen Creek watershed and lie entirely within the Sagehen Experimental Forest. Research has been a major management focus for the Sagehen basin since the founding of Sagehen Creek Field Station in 1951.
The Sagehen basin, including Sagehen Hills, differs from the surrounding watersheds in that it is essentially formed of un-glaciated volcanic overburden. Most of the Tahoe-Donner area is glacially scoured down to granite bed rock.

</doc>
<doc id="20801681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801681" title="Saline Range">
Saline Range

The Saline Range is a mountain range in Inyo County, California, within Death Valley National Park.
Geography.
The Saline Range is to the northwest of Death Valley and frames the eastern side of the Saline Valley. The Inyo Mountains form the western side. To the east is the Last Chance Range, and to the south the Nelson Range.

</doc>
<doc id="20801685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801685" title="Alcoholic beverages in Oregon">
Alcoholic beverages in Oregon

The U.S. state of Oregon has an extensive history of laws regulating the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages, dating back to 1844. It has been an alcoholic beverage control state, with the Oregon Liquor Control Commission holding a monopoly over the sale of all distilled beverages, since Prohibition. Today, there are thriving industries producing beer, wine, and liquor in the state. Alcohol may be purchased between 7 a.m. and 2:30 a.m. As of 2007, consumption of spirits is on the rise, while beer consumption is holding steady. Also, 11% of beer sold in Oregon was brewed in-state, the highest figure in the United States.
Oregon wine production began in the mid-19th century, before it was a state. By 1919, the industry had collapsed due to prohibition, and after prohibition ended fruit wines dominated the industry. The modern era of Oregon wine began in 1961, and the industry cemented its reputation in 1975 by winning a French award. In 2007, wine making was a $207.8 million business. Beer production began in 1852 with Henry Saxer's liberty brewing in Portland. In 1862 Henry Weinhard's bought the Liberty brewery. The company is now a part of the Miller Brewing Company, but it helped Portland to become the microbrewing capital of the world. Portland hosts North America's largest beerfest, and Oregon has produced a number of national and international award winning beers.
In 1844, the Oregon territories voted to prohibit alcoholic beverages. This was repealed in 1845, but prohibition was reinstated in a 1915, four years before the national alcohol prohibition. When national prohibition was repealed in 1933, the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) was created. Unlike states that allow liquor sales in grocery stores, liquor in Oregon is sold only in OLCC run liquor stores and establishments that have liquor licenses, and the OLCC has strict guidelines and training to ensure that all licensed venues understand how to safely sell and serve alcoholic beverages. Alcohol and alcoholism are also studied by the state at the Portland Alcohol Research Center.
Consumption.
Alcohol laws in Oregon permit the sale of beer, wine, and liquor, for on- or off-premise consumption, between 7 a.m. and 2:30 a.m. In 2004, Oregonians consumed of distilled spirits, of wine, and of beer, ranking it 27th, 19th, and 27th respectively of US states. Oregon had an estimated population of 3,594,586 in 2004, ranking it 27th among US states.
In 2007, sales of spirits increased 9% over the previous year. Whiskey and vodka were the top sellers, while tequila had the largest percentage increase. Oregonian's top buy was Jack Daniel's, with 412,000 bottles sold. This was during a national spirits trend where manufacturers introduced new products and advertising aimed at young drinkers. Again in 2007, Oregon's 2.6 million adults on average drank 32 gallons of beer each, versus 4 gallons of wine and 2 gallons of spirits, but sales of beer hadn't increased like sales of spirits. The Oregon Department of Human Services reported that while drinking among 8th–11th graders has fallen nationally, it has increased in Oregon. The number of DUI offenses dropped between 2002 and 2005, from 25,342 to 23,455.
Beer consumption.
The following table lists the amount of beer consumed in Oregon for the years 1997–2004 as reported in the 2005 Beer Handbook. The scale is in 1,000s of cases of beer. A case of beer is 24 12-ounce beers, for a total of 2.25 gallons per case.
Production.
Wine.
Wine grapes were planted in Oregon in the Willamette Valley starting in 1847. A census in 1860 revealed that Oregon's wine production was 2,600 gallons. In the 1880s and 1890s, German immigrants began planting wine grapes in Southern Oregon. In the 1880s, Ernest Reuter garnered a reputation for his Klevner wines, grown in the Willamette Valley, west of Forest Grove. By 1919, the Oregon wine industry had collapsed due to the temperance movement and resulting prohibition. Fruit wines dominated Oregon's wine industry post-prohibition, and by 1938 there were 28 bonded wineries, producing wines based on berries, Concord grapes, and other American hybrids.
Oregon's modern wine industry dates to 1961 when Hillcrest Vineyard in Roseburg began planting Riesling and small amounts of other grapes. In 1965, Oregon pinot noir was established when The Eyrie Vineyards planted grapes near Corvallis. Oregon's wine reputation was made in 1979 when a French magazine ranked The Eyrie's 1975 Pinot noir third among 330 wines of the world. By 2007, Oregon wineries were producing 1.7 million cases of wine for a total of $207.8 million in sales.
There are several official American Viticultural Areas entirely within the state, including the Willamette Valley, Southern Oregon, Umpqua Valley, and Rogue Valley AVAs. Parts of the Columbia Gorge, Walla Walla Valley, and Snake River Valley AVAs lie within Oregon. Pinot noir and Pinot gris are the top two grapes grown.
Beer.
In 1862, German immigrant Henry Weinhard founded a brewery in Portland. By the early 1880s it had become the Northwest's largest brewery. Weinhard once attempted to pump free beer through Portland's Skidmore Fountain. He died in 1904, but the company continued to do well, making it through prohibition by brewing soft drinks and merging with Arnold Blitz, a local competitor. Blitz-Weinhard was sold to the Pabst Brewing Company in 1979, and then again to the Miller Brewing Company in 1999. The company helped prepare Oregon beer drinkers for the arrival of microbrewing.
Portland, Oregon is considered to be the nation's microbrew capital. A microbrewery is defined as one that produces less than 15,000 barrels a year. Portland hosts the Oregon Brewers Festival, North America's largest beer festival. The microbrewery industry began in 1979 when President Jimmy Carter legalized home brewing. In 2006, 14 beers from eight Oregon breweries won medals at the Great American Beer Festival, out of 2,800 entries. Also in 2006, Oregon won 11 times at the World Beer Cup, in a field of 2,200 beers. In 2007, 11% of beer sold in Oregon was brewed in-state, the highest figure in the United States. According to the Oregon Hop Commission, in 2007, Oregon was also the second largest U.S. hops producer, after Washington.
Spirits.
As of 2008, Oregon contains 12 of the nation's 142 craft distilleries, up from six in 2006. In 2007, a law was approved allowing tasting rooms and direct sales to the public. Jim Dodge, purchasing manager for the OLCC, believes that the distilleries are an outgrowth of the microbrew industry, instead of the wine industry, as well as a societal change. Dodge explained that "there's been a recent shift from beer, and to some degree wine, to distilled spirits as the alcohol of choice."
In 2008, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration determined that absinthe was legal, though it had been understood to be illegal for about 80 years. Portland distillery Integrity Spirits responded by releasing the second American-made absinthe, which was in high demand immediately upon its release.
Legislative history.
Oregon has been regulating alcohol through its laws for over 150 years. In 1844, the Oregon Territory voted to prohibit alcoholic beverages. This is often referred to as the first prohibition in the United States. The law was repealed in 1845. From 1845 to 1915, various local laws governing alcohol were passed. In 1915, Oregonians voted to ban all alcohol, preceding national alcohol prohibition by four years.
In 1933, national prohibition ended with a repeal of the Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. Oregon's governor, Julius Meier, appointed Dr. William S. Knox to study the situation. Knox recommended adopting the Canadian system of sales of alcohol by the state. The reasoning was that this would provide revenue and lower alcohol abuse.
The Oregon Legislative Assembly held a special session and the OLCC was created days after the repeal of national prohibition. Eighteen states in total chose to regulate alcohol. Oregon Revised Statutes Chapters 471, 472, 473 and 474 were the commission's enabling statutes. OAR Chapter 845 governed its administrative rules. The OLCC's mission is "to effectively regulate the sale, distribution, and responsible use of alcoholic beverages in order to protect Oregon's public health, safety and community livability."
In 1939, the advertising of hard liquor on billboards and in newspapers was voluntarily discontinued. Also, in 1939, a "club bill" was passed by the Legislative Assembly. The bill gave regulatory power to the OLCC over hotels, restaurants and private clubs where liquor was served. Lobbyists then succeeded in having the bill referred to the voters in 1940. Voters passed the bill in 1940.
In 1944, the "Burke Bill" became law: wines with more than 14% alcohol could only be sold by Commission stores and agencies. Also in the 1940s, a "service bars" license was established. This restricted liquor licenses to establishments serving food. In 1949, the Legislative Assembly approved a method where establishments that sold liquor could ask for proof of age from patrons they thought were under the age of 21. Measure 15—passed in 1952—amended the Constitution () to regulate the sale of liquor by the individual glass.
Five more types of licenses were created in the 1950s, dealing with liquor-by-the-drink operations, industry agents, salesmen, out-of-state manufacturers of malt beverages, and conventions, group meetings, etc. In 1960, establishments were required to have food sales equal to 25% of their total sales. In the 1970s, the OLCC began enforcing the Oregon Bottle Bill and wines of up to 20% alcohol became allowed with certain licenses. In the 1980s, the number of OLCC commissioners was changed from three to five, to reflect the number of congressional districts. The 1990s saw a flurry of laws passed governing the OLCC's oversight of the newly numerous Oregon wineries and microbreweries. House Bill 4028–passed in 2002–allowed liquor stores to operate on Sunday; they had previously been restricted to six days a week.
This sort of licensing is very important for maintaining safe production and sales of alcoholic beverages in Oregon. Under Oregon law, specifically ORS 471.565, bars and restaurants can be held legally responsible for any damages to property or injuries incurred when an intoxicated person is served alcohol and causes a car crash.
Ballot measures relating to alcohol.
The following ballot measures changed state policy on alcohol:
The following alcohol-related ballot measures have failed:
Research.
The Portland Alcohol Research Center is a NIH-established effort funded by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. About 20 scientists and 60 people, mostly at OHSU, are investigating science organized around ten components: 
Additional themes and focuses include:
The center has trained medical students in alcohol-related issues for more than 30 years and has published more than 380 papers and articles since 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20801713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801713" title="Salmon Mountains">
Salmon Mountains

The Salmon Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, northwestern California.
Geography.
The Salmon Mountains are a sub-mountain range within the Klamath Mountains System. The Klamath system are of the Pacific Coast Ranges series of mountain range systems that stretch along the West Coast of North America..
The Salmon range is within sections of the Shasta-Trinity National Forest and Six Rivers National Forest.
The Yurock and Hoopa Valley Indian Reservations are to the west. California State Route 299 runs along the south of the range.
Ecology.
The Salmon Mountains are within the Klamath-Siskiyou forests — Klamath Mountains ecoregion, which is part of the Temperate coniferous forests Biome.
Plant communities in the range include:

</doc>
<doc id="20801726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801726" title="Salt Spring Hills">
Salt Spring Hills

The Salt Spring Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northern San Bernardino County, California.
They are just outside the southeastern corner of Death Valley National Park, southeast of the Saddle Peak Hills.
The road south from Shoshone to Baker passes through the hills.
See also.
Other ranges in the local area include the:

</doc>
<doc id="20801748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801748" title="Marta Kutas">
Marta Kutas

Marta Kutas (born September 2, 1949) is a Professor and Chair of cognitive science and an adjunct professor of neuroscience at the University of California, San Diego. She also directs the Center for Research in Language at UCSD. Kutas is known for discovering the N400, an event-related potential (ERP) component typically elicited by unexpected linguistic stimuli, with her colleague Steven Hillyard in one of the first studies in what is now the field of neurolinguistics. Kutas received a B.A. in 1971 from Oberlin College and a Ph.D. in 1977 from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, and she completed a postdoctoral fellowship at the University of California, San Diego in 1980. She then accepted a position as a research neuroscientist in the Department of Neurosciences at UCSD, and she has been a member of the Department of Cognitive Science at UCSD since its founding in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20801767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801767" title="Orthorhinus cylindrirostris">
Orthorhinus cylindrirostris

Orthorhinus cylindrirostris, commonly known as the Elephant Weevil, is a species of Curculionidae. In Australia they are considered a major pest to wine companies.
Description.
Color and size are extremely variable with the adult size ranging between 10 and 20mm. Typically there is a tubercle on both sides of the pronotum, both elytron have two tubercles on the 2nd interstices. The 5th interstice has similar tubercle on posterior declivity. A male's antennae are much closer to the apex of the rostrum, they also have longer forelegs than females. The three basal tarsal segments are more expanded in the male than the female. Females are less cylindrical, more coarse and shorter than the males.
Life cycle.
The weevil and larvae both feed on various species of "Eucalypts".

</doc>
<doc id="20801775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801775" title="Spring Home">
Spring Home

Product Range.
The “Spring Home” brand is used by Tee Yih Jia to market the following range of frozen ready-to-eat Asian convenience food:
Certifications.
Spring Home products are accredited with the following certifications:

</doc>
<doc id="20801779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801779" title="Stagemaster">
Stagemaster

The Squier Stagemaster (discontinued) is a guitar made by Squier, which normally manufactures less expensive authorized copies of Fender's more popular guitars and bass guitars. The Stagemaster is similar in appearance to a Stratocaster with a few cosmetic and functional differences, and is typically classified as a Superstrat. Generally, these differences are:
There were four different versions of the Stagemasters: 
V1 - Introduced in 1999 and featured a pickguard, top jack, reverse headstock, licensed floyd rose and 22 frets. Versions were HH, HSS, and HSH. Discontinued in 2000.
V2 - Introducd in 2000, discontinued 2002 Has a side jack, no pick guard, reverse headstock, licensed Floyd Rose bridge, 24 frets, and a locking nut. Versions were HH. HSS, HSH. A two point bridge, 22 fret neck, regular nut was also produced (Stagemaster HSS NLT) Deluxe versions with neck-through construction were made alongside these models and were available in HH and HSH configurations, along with 2 7 string versions in HH pickup configurations.
The 2nd generation 24-fret Solid Body Stagemaster was introduced in 2000, featured many upgrades and was "designed to compete with guitars costing 4 to 5 times as much." One upgrade was wax potted pickups stock with the guitar. Another upgrade was rear-mounted electronics allowing for a guitar with no pickguard. The Deluxe model featured neck-through three-piece maple necks, while the standard models featured a bolt-on one-piece neck with no scarf joint and with the contoured heel. the 2nd Generation Stagemasters were offered in Cobalt Blue, Black, Silver, Maroon, Purple and Charcoal Grey. The reverse headstocks on the Stagemasters allow for completely straight string pull. Another nice feature is the inclusion of a brass bridge sustain block on the licensed floyd rose, unusual quality in a budget-priced guitar. The 2nd Generation also offered a 7-string model.
In 2002 the Stagemaster was re-named to Showmaster due to a trademark claim from Kramer, who made a guitar called the Stagemaster in the mid-late 1980's. The guitar was discontinued in 2004.
The guitar shares similarities with the HM Strat which was produced by Fender and discontinued in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20801840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801840" title="Ladislav František Čelakovský">
Ladislav František Čelakovský

Ladislav František Čelakovský (December 3, 1863 – December 31, 1916) was a Czech mycologist and botanist born in Prague. He was the son of botanist Ladislav Josef Čelakovský (1834-1902).
Čelakovský was a professor of plant physiology at the Czech Technical University in Prague, and was a specialist in research of slime molds. He was the author of an 1890 book on the phylum Myxomycota called "České myxomycety".

</doc>
<doc id="20801844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801844" title="The Same River Twice">
The Same River Twice

The Same River Twice is a 2003 documentary by Robb Moss, described by the Sundance Channel as follows: “in 1978, filmmaker Robb Moss joined 16 free-spirited friends for a month-long rafting trip down the Colorado River. The excursion was captured in a short film, "Riverdogs", a visual celebration of naked, exuberant youth set against the spectacular vistas of the Grand Canyon. Now, a quarter-century later, Moss tracks down five of his old comrades for a witty and insightful now-and-then portrait to see how they have fared after coping with children, careers, responsibilities, ageing and changing attitudes.” Two of the five are Jeff Golden and Cathy Shaw, shown in the 1970s as a young couple in love, and then in 2000, divorced with two children. The film debuted at the Sundance Film Festival in 2003 and was nominated for two awards, the "Truer Than Fiction Award" at the Independent Spirit Awards in 2004 and the "Grand Jury Prize".
The title refers to a traditional saying "you cannot step into the same river twice", which dates to Ancient Greek philosophy – see Panta rhei (Heraclitus).
"The Same River Twice" won "Best Documentary" at the Birmingham Sidewalk Moving Picture Festival in 2003 and "Best Documentary Feature" at the Nashville Film Festival in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20801849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801849" title="24,25-Dihydroxycholecalciferol">
24,25-Dihydroxycholecalciferol

24,25-Dihydroxycholecalciferol, also known as 24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 and (24"R")-hydroxycalcidiol (abbreviated as 24(R),25-(OH)2D3), is a compound which is closely related to 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3, the active form of vitamin D3, but like vitamin D3 itself and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 is inactive as a hormone both "in vitro" and "in vivo". It was identified by Michael F. Holick.
Formation and significance.
24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 is formed from 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 by the action of P450cc24 (25-hydroxyvitamin D3-24-hydroxylase), which appears to be "a multicatalytic enzyme catalyzing most, if not all, of the reactions in the C-24/C-23 pathway of 25-OH-D3 metabolism." It has been proposed that 24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 is a metabolite of 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 which is destined for excretion.
It is not known whether the compound might also have some physiologically significant activity. Some evidence of a possible receptor has been obtained.

</doc>
<doc id="20801854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801854" title="Rashad Johnson">
Rashad Johnson

Julian Rashad Johnson (born January 2, 1986) is an American football safety for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL). He was selected by the Cardinals in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Alabama.
Early years.
A native of Sulligent, Johnson played at an average Class 3A high school and had no Division I-A offers. He chose to attend Alabama as a walk-on running back, and was later awarded a scholarship and became the team leader in the secondary as a free safety.
In the 2008 game versus LSU Johnson had three interceptions, including one that he returned for a touchdown, and one in overtime that helped Alabama win the game and secure the SEC West Division crown.
Professional career.
Arizona Cardinals.
Johnson was selected by the Arizona Cardinals in the third round (95th overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft. He has 5 tackles on special teams for the 2009 season. He became a restricted free agent following the 2011 season, but was re-signed on April 16, 2012. On October 26, Johnson was fined $21,000 for an illegal block in Week 7 against the Minnesota Vikings.
On March 12, 2013, Johnson signed a three-year contract to stay with the Cardinals. 
During a game against the New Orleans Saints on September 22, 2013 he lost his left middle fingertip.

</doc>
<doc id="20801870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801870" title="Giles Deacon">
Giles Deacon

Giles Deacon (born 1969) is a British fashion designer, best known for his playful designs and his collaboration with High Street retailer New Look. Deacon was employed by the fashion houses Bottega Veneta and Gucci, before founding his own label, GILES, in 2003. He launched his first collection for GILES at the 2004 London Fashion Week and was named "Best New Designer" at the British Fashion Awards. Deacon's designs have been met with critical acclaim and have sparked a renewed interest in London fashion. Having become one of the fashion industry's most fêted figures, Deacon was named British Fashion Designer of the Year in 2006 and was awarded the French ANDAM Fashion Award's Grand Prix in 2009. The designer was appointed creative director of French fashion house Ungaro in April 2010. Deacon retained the position until September 2011, when he and Ungaro mutually decided to end their collaboration.
Early life.
Deacon was born in Darlington, County Durham, but grew up near Ullswater in the Lake District. Deacon is the youngest child of David, an agricultural salesman and Judith, a housewife. He has one older sister. He attended Barnard Castle School in County Durham which he credits with instilling in him "the mindset of aesthetics". Deacon initially wanted to become a marine biologist, but he failed his chemistry A-level. He later joined Harrogate College of Arts, where he completed an art foundation course. After completing his course he went on to study at Central St Martins and was in the same class as fashion designers Alexander McQueen and Luella Bartley. He graduated in 1992 and began collaborating on the label 'Doran Deacon' with his friend, Fi Doran as well as contributing illustrations to "Dazed & Confused".
Career.
Deacon chose to travel and gain experiences at fashion houses, before starting his own label. During his time in Paris, Deacon was hired to work with fashion designer Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, where he learnt how to use a brand name commercially. Deacon worked with Castelbajac for two years, before returning to London to work for High Street fashion houses. During this time, Deacon met the owner of Italian luxury goods house, Bottega Veneta, and was hired to work for the company, becoming the head designer and debuting a much acclaimed collection in 2000. Deacon was dismissed in 2001 when the Gucci group bought the company and terminated his contract, so they could hire German designer, Tomas Maier. However, he was immediately hired by Tom Ford to assist with Gucci womenswear. Deacon was forced to leave Gucci after one season when he became ill from an infected saliva gland.
Once he had recovered, Deacon decided to take out a loan to start his own label and he launched GILES in 2003. He launched his first collection at London Fashion Week in February 2004, styled by his friend Katie Grand, the show saw models Karen Elson, Lily Cole, Eva Herzigova and Linda Evangelista walking the catwalk. The collection received international acclaim and began a renewed interest in London fashion. Deacon regularly shows at London Fashion Week and the GILES collection is bought by over thirty retail stores including Barneys, Harvey Nichols and Selfridges. Deacon counts Thandie Newton, Princess Beatrice and Scarlett Johansson among his clients. Since Deacon launched his label, he has seen the turnover double every year and sales increase during the recession. 
In April 2010, it was announced that Deacon had been appointed the creative director position with French fashion house Ungaro, following the dismissal of Estrella Archs. Deacon became the fifth designer to be hired by the house since the it was sold to entrepreneur Asim Abdullah in 2005. On 19 September 2010, Deacon made a return to London Fashion Week, after spending two years showing his collection in Paris. Deacon showed his first collection for Ungaro in October 2010. "Vogue" previewed the new collection, which was designed by Deacon, styled by Grand and accessorised by Katie Hillier and Stephen Jones, on their website. "Vogue" reporter, Dolly Jones, described the collection as one of the "most hotly anticipated shows" of the week and she added " looks like he'll be credited with bringing the house of Ungaro back to life, at last."
From June 2011, Deacon took part in the Channel 4 entertainment series, "New Look Style the Nation". The designer joined New Look's creative director Barbara Horspool on a panel tasked with finding an "exceptional new fashion stylist" from contestants, who demonstrate good creativity and style. The winner is hired by New Look as a stylist. Deacon has previously appeared on "Britain's Next Top Model" as a judge. On 15 September, it was announced Ungaro and Deacon had "mutually decided" to end their collaboration.
In 2013, Deacon presented the first ever fashion exhibition at the William Morris Gallery in London.
Style.
Deacon has been known to challenge the traditional ideas of womenswear and often uses wild prints and pop culture references in his designs. He has described his designs for GILES as humorous, dark and sexy and has stated that he wants diversity in among them. He said, "My dresses should be worn by young, cool girls just as much as by 55 to 60 year old women". Deacon often designs "structured big-entrance" dresses, which are aimed at women who want to be noticed. At the 2008 London Fashion Week, Deacon presented a collection with a futuristic theme based on the 1980s arcade game Pac-Man. The character was embellished on many of the dresses and the models wore oversized helmets in the shape of Pac-Man. The designer's New Look menswear collections have been described by "GQ" magazine as "straddling the line between quirky and wearable".
On Deacon's style, fashion website Style.com has said, "His work is randomness incarnate. It can't keep to any one message, or develop an intellectual thesis. If you're looking for a point, he'll never get to it". Susannah Frankel of "The Independent" has said that Deacon's collections are "a much-needed injection of grand-scale glamour". Frankel added that a playfulness and humour have also found their way into Deacon's collections. In May 2011, Deacon said he does not design for wallflowers and that his collections would always be a "little bit sideways", "quirky" and "British in feel." "The Scotsman" said Deacon's designs are not brash, but "they suit a woman who has the confidence to take centre-stage."
Collaborations.
Deacon has worked on many collaborations with companies including Sky, Converse and Evoke, with whom he created his first jewellery collection. Deacon has called collaborations "practical", because they "bring the money you need for your own company". In a two season collaboration with British fashion company Mulberry, Deacon introduced a line of accessories called "Mulberry for Giles", which was both a commercial and critical success. Deacon was then appointed to design for the classic British tailoring label, Daks. He showed his first and second collections for the brand in 2007 and his third in 2008.
In 2009, Deacon designed and created a strapless dress with polka dots for the Cadbury's Caramel Bunny, to celebrate the launch of Caramel Nibbles. A limited edition scarf was also created and 1400 were given away via the world's first online Pop Up Boutiques. The scarf then went on sale at selected John Lewis stores and online. In the same year, Deacon teamed up with Norwegian water company Isklar and created a limited edition Tote bag with fifty per cent of the proceeds from each bag sold going to Oxfam. The following year, Deacon designed a T-shirt for the Environmental Justice Foundation and in January 2011 it was announced that he would be designing a capsule collection for Nine West.
Deacon's best known collaboration has been with the High Street fashion chain New Look. The collection called Gold by Giles began in March 2007. On choosing to collaborate with the clothing retailer, Deacon said: "I chose New Look as the high street store to work with, as we both have a sense of fun and believe in fashion for everyone." Actress Drew Barrymore starred in the first ad campaigns for the collection, following a chance meeting between her and the designer in a lift. British model, Agyness Deyn took over and modelled the key pieces for Deacon's 4th collection. Deacon's first menswear collection debuted in 2008 and his first beachwear collection launched in early June 2009. On 22 March 2010, Deacon launched his tenth Gold collection. Three years after starting the collaboration with New Look, Deacon said; "My tenth collection focuses on dresses which are easy throw-on pieces with a glamorous edge to ensure that you'll get noticed". In November 2011, Deacon launched a line of nail varnishes with New Look. The following year, the designer launched a full make-up collection.
Recognition.
In 2004, Deacon was named 'Best New Designer' at the British Fashion Awards and in the following year he was given the Young Designer Award at Elle magazine's Style Awards. 2006 saw Deacon win the British Fashion Council's Fashion Forward Award, as well as being named British Fashion Designer of the Year at the British Fashion Awards. He was named Best British Designer at the 2007 Elle Style Awards. Two years later, Deacon won the French ANDAM Fashion Award's Grand Prix, becoming the second consecutive British designer to win the award following Gareth Pugh's win in 2008. In the same year, he was named GQ magazine's Designer of the Year.
Personal life.
Deacon divides his time between his home in Islington, London, his apartment in Paris and Italy. He has previously dated stylist Katie Grand, whom he met at Central St Martins. The couple lived together for a year and a half before splitting amicably. He has also dated singer Beth Orton and former model Sophie Dahl. Deacon's hobbies include swimming, hiking and gardening.
Deacon counts Elsa Schiaparelli, Miuccia Prada, Coco Chanel and Mr J.M. Millet among his design inspirations.

</doc>
<doc id="20801888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801888" title="Cal Dorsett">
Cal Dorsett

Calvin Leavelle Dorsett (June 10, 1913 – October 22, 1970), nicknamed "Preacher", was an American professional baseball player. The native of Lone Oak, Texas, was a , right-handed pitcher whose career lasted for nine seasons (1937–1941; 1946–1949). He served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II in the Pacific Theater of Operations, and missed the 1943–1945 baseball seasons.
Dorsett worked in eight games pitched, two as a starter, in the Major Leagues for the Cleveland Indians in – and . In 13⅔ innings pitched, he allowed 25 hits, 13 bases on balls and 18 earned runs. He struck out six.

</doc>
<doc id="20801896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801896" title="Yasheng Huang">
Yasheng Huang

Yasheng Huang (Chinese: 黄亚生) is a professor in international management at the MIT Sloan School of Management, where he founded and heads the China Lab and India Lab. His research areas include human capital formation in China and India.
He had previous appointments at the University of Michigan and Harvard Business School.
Huang is the author of "Capitalism with Chinese Characteristics", a history of economic reforms in China.
Early life and education.
Dr. Huang was born in Beijing, China. He moved to the United States to pursue his higher education, and enrolled for a B.A. degree program, with a major in government from Harvard College; which he completed in 1985. Upon completion; he went on to earn a Ph.D. in government from John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1991.
Career.
While he was preparing for his Ph.D, he worked as a World Bank consultant and associate professor at the University of Michigan from 1987 to 1989. In 1997, he joined Harvard Business School as the Associate Professor in business, government and international economics.
He is currently a professor in international management at the MIT Sloan School of Management, joined in 2003. At MIT, he founded and heads the China Lab and India Lab. His research areas include human capital formation in China and India.
Bibliography.
Dr. Huang’s scholarly works and articles have been published in a number of economics and management journals, and publications including TheWall Street Journal, The Economist, and Businessworld. He also authored / co authored books on topics - globalization and emerging markets; FDI, Investment strategies, financial liberalization in China. A selection of his books and articles, are the following;

</doc>
<doc id="20801916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801916" title="Love Has No Reason">
Love Has No Reason

Unable to approach the success of "You Light Up My Life", Debby Boone left Top 40 radio behind in 1980 and turned her career toward Country music with the release of her fourth album, "Love Has No Reason" (No. 17 Country). Boone had already established a presence on Country radio prior to the release of this album having placed seven singles, including "You Light Up My Life" (No. 4 Country), on Billboard's Country Singles chart. Boone's first album, "You Light Up My Life", also reached No. 6 on Billboard's Country Albums chart.
"Love Has No Reason" was produced by Larry Butler who was responsible for much of Kenny Rogers' music during this era. The album's first single, "Are You On The Road To Lovin' Me Again," rose to No. 1 on the Country singles chart and crossed over to AC radio peaking at No. 31. Two weeks before "Road" ascended to No. 1, Boone was part of a historic Top 5 on the Billboard Country singles chart. For the week ending April 19, 1980, the Top 5 positions were all held by women:
The album's next two singles did not fare as well. "Free To Be Lonely Again" peaked at No. 14 Country. (The song's writer, Diane Pfeifer, released the song prior to Boone, but only climbed to No. 85 Country.) The final single, "Take It Like A Woman", just missed the Country Top 40 peaking at No. 44. "Take It Like A Woman" charted at the same time as "Colorado Country Morning" by her father, Pat Boone, which reached No. 60.
Personnel.
Engineer
Bass
Drums
Guitar
Piano
Background Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="20801933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801933" title="Harry Eells">
Harry Eells

Harry Archibald 'Slippery' Eells (February 14, 1881 – December 7, 1940) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season for the Cleveland Naps. He pitched in 14 games for the Naps during the 1906 Cleveland Naps season.

</doc>
<doc id="20801953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801953" title="Paropsis">
Paropsis

Paropsis is a genus of Chrysomelidae. These insects are commonly called tortoise beetles or leaf beetles. Their small size, bright colours and patterns, and roughly hemispherical shape, can cause them to be mistaken for ladybeetles. 
In Australia, they are usually found feeding on "Eucalyptus" or "Acacia".

</doc>
<doc id="20801974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801974" title="Leroy Kwadijk">
Leroy Kwadijk

Leroy Kwadijk is a Dutch darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Kwadijk made his PDC debut in the 2007 Thialf Darts Trophy, reaching the semi finals. He defeated Denis Ovens, Ray Farrell and James Wade before losing to eventual winner Roland Scholten. He then reached the last 32 of the 2007 PDC German Darts Championship, beating Peter Manley in the first round and then beat Jamie Caven before losing to Mark Walsh.
Kwadijk played in the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship, losing in the first round to Andy Hamilton. Since then though, he has been unable to maintain his form. Having played in nine ranked PDC events, he only managed to win £225. He also suffered a first round exit from the 2008 PDC German Darts Championship.
World Championship Results.
PDC

</doc>
<doc id="20801982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801982" title="Jamon Meredith">
Jamon Meredith

James Jamon Meredith (born May 11, 1986) is an American football offensive tackle for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at South Carolina.
Meredith has also played for the Buffalo Bills, Detroit Lions, New York Giants and Pittsburgh Steelers.
Early years.
Meredith attended Hillcrest High School in Simpsonville, South Carolina, where he was a two-way lineman. At , he projected as defensive end in college.
Regarded as only a two-star recruit "Rivals.com", Meredith was not ranked among the nation's top defensive end prospects. He committed early to South Carolina, choosing the Gamecocks over Clemson.
College career.
At South Carolina, Meredith switched from the defensive to the offensive line. In his initial year, he saw action in one game, getting in for three plays against Vanderbilt, but was later granted a redshirt year. In his redshirt freshman year, he earned four starts at right tackle, including the 2005 Independence Bowl against Missouri.
As a sophomore, Meredith started all 13 games on the Gamecocks offensive line, the first seven games at right tackle, and then moved to left tackle for the final six contests. He garnered SEC offensive lineman of the week honors after helping the Gamecocks to a 31-28 victory over arch-rival Clemson, in which he anchored an offensive line that held Gaines Adams and the athletic Clemson defensive front without a quarterback sack.
In 2007 he started all 12 games at left tackle. In his senior year, he had to sit out the first two games due to an NCAA eligibility ruling stemming from his freshman season. He later sat out a couple games with an ankle injury, and played most of the season at left guard.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
Meredith was considered as one of the better offensive tackles in the 2009 NFL Draft, but was projected to play guard or right tackle in the NFL because he lacked the top athleticism for left tackle.
Green Bay Packers.
Meredith was selected in the fifth round, No. 162 overall, by the Green Bay Packers.
Meredith was released on September 5, 2009 and re-signed to the team's practice squad.
Buffalo Bills.
Meredith was signed off the Green Bay Packers' practice squad by the Buffalo Bills on September 22, 2009 after offensive tackle Brad Butler suffered a season-ending injury.
Meredith was waived on October 4, 2010.
Detroit Lions.
Meredith was claimed by the Detroit Lions on October 5, 2010. He was waived on October 17.
New York Giants.
On October 18, 2010, the New York Giants claimed Meredith off waivers. He was waived on September 3, 2011.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Meredith signed with the Pittsburgh Steelers on September 13, 2011.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Meredith signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on March 21, 2012.
He became the starting right guard on October 14, 2012. He replaced backup guard Ted Larsen, who had been starting for right guard Davin Joseph after he had been lost for the season due to injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20801983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20801983" title="Nancy Minshew">
Nancy Minshew

Nancy Minshew is a Professor of Psychiatry and Neurology at the University of Pittsburgh. She directs the Center of Excellence in Autism Research and is an internationally known expert in the cognitive, neurological, and genetic bases of autism. Minshew was trained as a behavioral child neurologist, and she received an M.D. from the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis.
Underconnectivity hypothesis.
Minshew and colleague Marcel Just are best known for the underconnectivity hypothesis of autism, which posits that autism is marked by underfunctioning high-level neural connections and synchronization, along with an excess of low-level processes. Evidence for this theory has been found in functional neuroimaging studies on autistic individuals and by a brain wave study that suggested that adults with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) have local overconnectivity in the cortex and weak functional connections between the frontal lobe and the rest of the cortex.

</doc>
<doc id="20802029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802029" title="San Felipe Hills">
San Felipe Hills

San Felipe Hills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20802036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802036" title="Savin' It Up">
Savin' It Up

After the album Love Has No Reason yielded the No. 1 Country single, "Are You On The Road To Lovin' Me Again", Debby Boone returned to producer Larry Butler for her fifth studio album, "Savin' It Up" (No. 49 Country), in 1981. The result was not as successful. The album's first single, "Perfect Fool", only reached No. 23 Country and No. 37 AC. The follow-up, "It'll Be Him", missed the Country Top 40 peaking at No. 46.
Boone has since not appeared on any Billboard Country chart. After the release of this album, Boone instead concentrated on a national tour starring in the musical, Seven Brides For Seven Brothers, before recording several Christian albums during the rest of the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20802041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802041" title="Willie Underhill">
Willie Underhill

Willie Vern Underhill (September 6, 1904 – October 26, 1970) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He pitched four games for the Cleveland Indians in 1927 and 11 games in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="20802045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802045" title="Mini-macaw">
Mini-macaw

Mini-macaws are a loosely-defined group of small-to-medium-sized macaw species within the tribe Arini. The term has no fixed taxonomic meaning and is principally used in aviculture to describe a small macaw belonging to one of a number of different genera, with overall length being the sole criterion for inclusion. Any macaw with an overall length (including the tail) of less than about 50 cm (20 inches) can be described as a 'mini-macaw'. Additionally, the 'Mini-' prefix may be added to the species name when describing the bird in question (e.g. "Red-shouldered Mini-macaw").
In the pet trade, the term can be used to suggest that the species in question is better suited as a companion parrot for owners with less space in their homes than would be required by one of the larger macaw species. 
Species.
In aviculture the following are sometimes called mini-macaws: 
The Red-bellied Macaw and Blue-headed Macaw are typically only found in captivity in a zoo setting, or as part of a breeding program and are rarely kept as pets. 

</doc>
<doc id="20802076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802076" title="San Felipe Hills (Santa Clara County)">
San Felipe Hills (Santa Clara County)

The San Felipe Hills are a mountain range in Santa Clara County, California, located partly in the city of San Jose.

</doc>
<doc id="20802090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802090" title="San Felipe Hills (San Diego County)">
San Felipe Hills (San Diego County)

The San Felipe Hills are a mountain range within the Anza-Borrego Desert State Park in the Colorado Desert, in eastern San Diego County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20802095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802095" title="Carl Walters">
Carl Walters

Carl Walters is an American-born biologist known for his work involving fisheries stock assessments, the adaptive management concept, and ecosystem modeling. Walters has been a professor of Zoology and Fisheries at the University of British Columbia since 1969. He is one of the main developers of the computer simulation program Ecosim and is involved in the Sea Around Us Project established by Daniel Pauly, the Quantitative Modeling Group, and the Lenfest Oceans Future Project. His most recent work focuses on how to adjust human behaviors in environments that are full of uncertainty. He is a recent recipient of the Volvo Environment Prize (2006).
Education.
Carl Walters graduated from Bakersfield College with an A.A in 1963 and continued to Humboldt State College to graduate with a B.S. in 1965. After Walters graduated, he went to Colorado State University to study the "Distribution and production of midges in an alpine lake" under the advisement of Dr. Robert E. Vincent. After obtaining his M.S. in 1967, Walters stayed on with R.E. Vincent to get his doctorate on the "Effects of fish introduction on invertebrate fauna of an alpine lake" and graduated in 1969. Walters did not go on for a postdoctoral position; instead he almost immediately started working at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada.
Career.
Walters's first professorship was at the University of British Columbia as an Assistant Professor in the Fisheries Centre. In 1977, he became an Associate Professor and then a Professor in 1982. Prior to his professional appointment at UBC, Walters worked in the Department of Fish and Game and the Game, Fish and Parks Department and he was also a graduate fellow, a consultant, and an aide on numerous occasions. He has taken many sabbaticals to the International Institute of Applied Systems Analysis in Vienna, the University of Florida, where he is an adjunct professor, and Australia. He has been on the editorial board for multiple journals including the "Canadian Journal of Fisheries and Aquatic Sciences", "Conservation Ecology", and "Ecosystems" and has been the associate editor of the "Journal of Applied Mathematics and Computation" and the "Northwest Environmental Journal". Walters also served, and continues to serve, as a consultant to many government agencies.
Interests.
Walters uses mathematical modeling to understand how to successfully manage harvestable fisheries in a time of high uncertainty. He specializes in fisheries stock assessments (i.e. cod and juvenile steelhead trout), adaptive management strategies, and ecosystem modeling. One of his goals has been, and continues to be, to try to bridge the gap between fisheries management, government, and fishing industries in order to provide accurate information to use in successfully and actively managing fisheries. His work in modeling population dynamics and active adaptive management has made Walters a valuable member of the scientific community.
Contributions.
Foraging Arena Theory.
Other modeling equations like the Beverton-Holt model and the "hockey stick" model by Barrowman and Myers (2000) try to explain density dependent effects of juvenile fish populations using processes like recruitment and the number of eggs produced. Fisheries biologists and population ecologists have used the Beverton-Holt model since the 1960s to describe the "stock-recruitment" relationship. However, Walters believed that juvenile behavior could also explain the density dependent relationship that Beverton and Holt and Barrowman and Myers described. Walters thought that juvenile behavior, in conjunction with habitat, could explain the density dependency seen when foraging for prey and avoiding predators. Walters wanted to give scientists a better understanding of the processes that drive density dependent fluctuations in ecosystem statistics (birth and death rates). The foraging arena theory is also used, in conjunction with the ecosystem simulation program Ecopath with Ecosim, to account for the indirect effects and trophic cascades seen in populations.
Adaptive management.
One of Walters biggest concerns in the rapidly changing environment is how managers can successfully manage fisheries stocks in lieu of the uncertainty in making decisions. His concept of active adaptive management involves large-scale experimentation, or "learning-by-doing", in order to understand the population dynamics in fish communities and to aide in the decision-making process done by policy makers. Walters encourages other scientists, managers, and policy makers to embrace the uncertainty in experiments and decisions and to develop ecosystem models based on the uncertainties in order to make multiple hypotheses instead of just one hypothesis. Although active adaptive management has gained much support from the scientific community, there is still great hesitation from scientists and managers to implement these large-scale experiments. These hesitations arise from large monetary costs for the experiments as well as the monitoring of the experiments, lack of an individual willing to take on the daunting task of organizing the experiments, the limitations of models to perfectly represent an ecosystem, and the conflicting ecological values between different interest groups. Although there are concerns when executing active adaptive management strategies, there is a growing need to modify the current methods for exploring and understanding ecosystems, especially on a larger scale, and active adaptive management strategies aim to do exactly that.

</doc>
<doc id="20802104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802104" title="Bob Usher">
Bob Usher

Robert Royce Usher (born March 1, 1925 in San Diego, California) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played for six seasons. He played for the Cincinnati Reds from 1946 to 1947 and from 1950 to 1951. He also played for the Chicago Cubs in 1952, and the Cleveland Indians and Washington Senators in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20802108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802108" title="Ziggy Hood">
Ziggy Hood

Evander "Ziggy" Hood (born February 16, 1987) is a defensive end for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Steelers 32nd overall in the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Missouri.
Early years.
Hood attended Travis Middle School in Amarillo, Texas. Hood played High School Football at Palo Duro High School in Amarillo, Texas. 
College career.
Hood played college football at the University of Missouri. During his college career, he played defensive tackle.
Professional career.
NFL Draft.
He was selected 32nd overall in the 2009 NFL Draft by the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
He moved to defensive end and served as a rotational back-up in his rookie year. Hood recorded both his first sack and his first recovered fumble against the Baltimore Ravens on December 27, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20802156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802156" title="Seth Caplan">
Seth Caplan

Seth Caplan is an award-winning American film producer who lives in Los Angeles, CA. His works include, "In Search of a Midnight Kiss", "", and "Teenage Dirtbag". Seth grew up in Chicago, Illinois where he attended the Francis W. Parker School. He is a graduate of the prestigious Plan II program at the University of Texas.
Awards.
In 2009, Seth won the Independent Spirit John Cassavetes Award for "In Search of a Midnight Kiss", for which he was a producer.
Additional Work.
In 2001, Seth co-founded Enspire Learning with college friends Ben Glazer and Bjorn Billhardt. Seth remains a major shareholder in the company.
Personal life.
Seth is married to Kristen (Kolada) Caplan. Kristen and Seth are avid travelers and recently completed a year-long trip around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20802158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802158" title="Dutch Ussat">
Dutch Ussat

William August "Dutch" Ussat (April 11, 1904 – May 29, 1959) was a Major League Baseball infielder who played for two seasons. He played one game for the Cleveland Indians during the 1925 Cleveland Indians season and four games during the 1927 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20802169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802169" title="Phoracantha obscura">
Phoracantha obscura

The longicorn beetle Phoracantha obscura is a species of beetle native to Australia.
Description.
Males are between 13 and 28 mm while females are 14 to 29 mm. The head, pronotum and elytra vary from blackish-brown to dark reddish-brown, the elytra have two yellow fascia. Antennal segments 3 to 10 have apical spines.

</doc>
<doc id="20802174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802174" title="List of compositions by Gioachino Rossini">
List of compositions by Gioachino Rossini

This is a list of the works of the Italian composer Gioachino Rossini (1792–1868).
Operas.
See List of operas by Rossini.

</doc>
<doc id="20802206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802206" title="Dimitris Arvanitis">
Dimitris Arvanitis

Club Career.
Arvanitis previously played in the Greek Super League with Paniliakos F.C., OFI Crete and Olympiakos Volou.He also played for Football League (Greece) clubs Ionikos F.C. and Kallithea.

</doc>
<doc id="20802213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802213" title="Arena (Todd Rundgren album)">
Arena (Todd Rundgren album)

Arena is an album by rock musician Todd Rundgren that was released in 2008.
Like several of his earlier albums, this was entirely a solo effort, with Rundgren playing all the instruments. In contrast to his earlier albums, he produced this album entirely on an Apple laptop computer using Propellerhead's Reason software for composition and Sonoma Wire Works' RiffWorks for recording. All audio processing was done with software tools as well, except for a Line 6 Toneport guitar input box.

</doc>
<doc id="20802214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802214" title="Fifty Classic Climbs of North America">
Fifty Classic Climbs of North America

Fifty Classic Climbs Of North America is a climbing guidebook and history written by Steve Roper and Allen Steck. It is considered a definitive piece of climbing literature, known to many climbers as simply "The Book", and has served as an inspiration for more recent climbing books, such as Mark Kroese's "Fifty Favorite Climbs". Though much of the book's contents are now out of date, it is still recognized as a definitive text which goes beyond the traditional guidebook.
The first edition was published in 1979, by Sierra Club Books in the United States and in Great Britain by the now defunct Diadem Books. This was followed by a paperback printing by Random House in 1981. Two subsequent editions (with the same content) were published by Sierra Club Books in 1982 and 1996. Between 1979 and 1999 it sold nearly thirty thousand copies, a considerable achievement for a climbing guide book.
Reviewing the book in "American Alpine Journal", Fred Beckey wrote: "Roper and Steck have presented a profile of what could be considered the Great American Dream climbs with a writing style that provides much "Lebensraum" for speculation and meditation. While reading, one is tempted to medidate: the challenge of the alpine adventure is always there; the dreams of the various pioneers sometimes filter through the narrative."
Roper and Steck received the American Alpine Club's 1995 Literary Award for the book and for their other works such as "The Best of Ascent".
To choose the list of climbs, the coauthors solicited opinions from a number of leading climbers of the era, narrowing a list of more than 100 climbs according to three basic criteria: that the peak or route appear striking from afar, have a noteworthy climbing history, and offer climbing of excellent quality. Precedence was given to climbing quality over appearance, and appearance over historical significance. In order to judge historical significance and continuing popularity, routes were limited for the most part to those first ascended before 1970. A lower limit on the length of the route, at 500 feet, was also established. Steck and Roper had personally ascended or attempted most of the selected routes.
The list of fifty climbs has served as a challenge to climbers, providing them with a "tick list" of challenging routes that span a wide section of western North America. Author Steve Roper has emphasized that the climbs were chosen from a list of about 120 climbs he and Steck considered classic, and are simply '50 classic climbs', not '"the" 50 classics'. Nevertheless, the book brought great popularity to many of the routes it featured, and prospective climbers pursuing one of the "fifty classics" often found crowds on the more accessible climbs and unexpected company on the more remote routes, earning them the nickname "Fifty Crowded Climbs".
No one person has yet climbed all fifty routes. This has been attributed to the difficulty of some of the Alaskan and Canadian routes (the Hummingbird Ridge of Mount Logan has never been repeated by the original route) and the fact that one of the routes (Shiprock) is closed to climbing, and contemporary ascents are illegal.
The Fifty Classics.
The fifty climbs included in the book are listed below, along with their grades as given in the first edition, which may differ from those found in a modern guidebook due to changes in climbing standards or route conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20802247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802247" title="Olé, Olé (album)">
Olé, Olé (album)

Olé, Olé is the third studio album by French-Algerian singer Rachid Taha. It was released by Mango Records in 1995. It was reissued in 1996 by Barclay Records with an alternate track listing.

</doc>
<doc id="20802252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802252" title="Vito Valentinetti">
Vito Valentinetti

Vito John Valentinetti (born September 16, 1928 in West New York, New Jersey) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for five seasons. A graduate of Iona College, he played for the Chicago White Sox in 1954, the Chicago Cubs from 1956 to 1957, the Cleveland Indians in 1957, the Detroit Tigers in 1958, and the Washington Senators in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20802295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802295" title="KSET">
KSET

KSET may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20802298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802298" title="Neactaeonina inexpectata">
Neactaeonina inexpectata

Neactaeonina inexpectata is a species of small sea snail, a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the family Acteonidae, the barrel bubble snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20802325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802325" title="Cal Vasbinder">
Cal Vasbinder

Moses Calhoun Vasbinder (July 19, 1880 – December 22, 1950) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Bronchos for two games during the 1902 Cleveland Bronchos season.

</doc>
<doc id="20802345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802345" title="Contribution to global warming by Australia">
Contribution to global warming by Australia

Australia has one of the highest per capita emissions of carbon dioxide. It was 18.3 tonnes per year per person and the 11th highest in the world in 2009.
Total contribution.
The Australian government estimates that Australia's net emissions in 2006 were 576 million tonnes -equivalent, to which the sectoral contributions were approximately as follows: energy sector, 70%; agriculture, 15%; other forms of land use, 7%; industrial processes 5%; waste, 3%.
Cumulative historical contribution.
The World Resources Institute estimates that Australia was responsible for 1.1% of all CO2 emissions between 1850 and 2002. Australia has a correspondingly tiny share of the worlds population.
Projected contribution.
According to the no-mitigation scenario in the Garnaut Climate Change Review, Australia's share of world emissions, at 1.5% in 2005, declines to 1.1% by 2030, and to 1% by 2100.
Confounding factors.
The import and export of goods confounds equitable measurements of emissions, particularly in the context of endeavouring to reach a global agreement on emissions reduction based on contraction and convergence. Australian emissions are presently monitored on a production rather than a consumption basis. This means that the emissions from the manufacture of goods imported into and consumed within Australia, for example many motor vehicles, are allocated to the country of manufacture. Similarly, Australia produces aluminium for export which requires substantial amounts of electricity which is presently produced by greenhouse gas emitting coal-fired power stations. While the aluminium is mainly consumed overseas, the emissions of its production are allocated to Australia. Geoff Carmody argues we need a consumption based emissions trading scheme.
Indirect contribution.
Australia is a major exporter of coal, particularly from Newcastle, Australia. The coal is produced from coal mining in Australia. The greenhouse gas emissions in other countries from the proposed increase in coal export capacity of the major Australian ports will greatly outweigh the proposed reductions in Australia's emissions from the introduction of the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme. While Australia imposes safeguards on the export of uranium, it does not impose any requirements for carbon capture and storage of greenhouse gas emissions of exported coal. Australia thus contributes substantially more to the global warming which, according to the Garnaut Climate Change Review will lead to the destruction of the Great Barrier Reef, Kakadu and the Murray Darling Basin as they have existed during recorded history to date.
Australia is also a major exporter of liquefied natural gas, another fossil fuel.

</doc>
<doc id="20802370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802370" title="Rube Vinson">
Rube Vinson

Ernest Augustus "Rube" Vinson (March 20, 1879 – October 12, 1951) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played for the Cleveland Naps and the Chicago White Sox.
Vinson started his professional baseball career in 1904 in the Eastern League. He was purchased by the Naps in August and played 54 games for them as a backup outfielder. He was then sold to the White Sox. In 1906, he played 10 games and batted .250 before being sent to the minor leagues. Vinson later spent two seasons in the New England League. He retired in 1910.
In 1951, Vinson fell from a two-story building while he was washing a window. He died on October 12.

</doc>
<doc id="20802374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802374" title="List of Russell Athletic Bowl broadcasters">
List of Russell Athletic Bowl broadcasters


</doc>
<doc id="20802396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802396" title="Fenan Salčinović">
Fenan Salčinović

Fenan Salčinović (born 26 June 1987) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for NK Čelik Zenica in Bosnia and Herzegovina. He has one cap for Bosnia and Herzegovina, earned in match against Japan, on 30 January 2008.
Career.
On 5 September 2012, Salčinović signed for FK Olimpic. Olimpic however wasn't able to pay his wages so he was released from his contract in January. On 12 March 2013, Salčinović returned to Sandefjord.
In February 2014, Salčinović signed a contract to return to his homw town to play for NK Čelik Zenica.

</doc>
<doc id="20802403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802403" title="Maxacteon craticulatus">
Maxacteon craticulatus

Maxacteon craticulatus is a species of small sea snail, a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the family Acteonidae, the barrel bubble snails.

</doc>
<doc id="20802434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802434" title="Danny Vaca">
Danny Vaca

Danny Josue Vaca Figueroa (born May 12, 1990 in Quito) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Aucas.
Vaca played for LDU Quito in the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20802444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802444" title="San Marcos Mountains">
San Marcos Mountains

The San Marcos Mountains are a mountain range in northwestern San Diego County, Southern California.
They are a small range of the Peninsular Ranges System.
Native undeveloped habitats of the San Marcos Mountains are in the California chaparral and woodlands ecoregion.

</doc>
<doc id="20802447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802447" title="George Edmondson">
George Edmondson

George Henderson Edmondson (May 18, 1896 – July 11, 1973) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians in eight games from 1922 to 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20802457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802457" title="WMTN">
WMTN

WMTN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20802464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802464" title="InnovationXchange">
InnovationXchange

The InnovationXchange (IXC) is an Australian created international knowledge exchange, whose purpose is to identify and create collaborative business, research and policy opportunities. This unique not-for-profit business model supports open innovation and enables the safe and fast transfer of knowledge and ideas within and across corporate and geographical boundaries through the IXC Intermediary Service.
IXC Intermediary Service.
The IXC Intermediary Service operates under a rigorous legal and ethical framework to enable organisations to connect with external sources of knowledge, ideas or technologies, or markets for business development in a way that protects their IP and know how.
The network of IXC Intermediaries is made up of individuals with PhD or Masters qualifications who are highly skilled scientists or technologists. They work within client organisations to gain a deep understanding of a clients strategic intent, capabilities and gaps, in order to identify and connect tailored connections for business growth. An IXC Intermediary may be deployed within an organisation in the innovation, business development, technology sourcing, research alliances and/or commercialisation teams. They bring an outsiders perspective to these activities.
IXC Intermediaries are trained in ethics, IP Management, creative thinking and a proprietary framework for analysing technologies.
IXC Intermediaries operate under strict confidentiality agreements, which allows them to share a clients strategic information amongst themselves both through the online knowledge management system, the IXC Vault, and through weekly cohort meetings. This creates a powerful networking effect to create better connections faster. These connections can be made within the client base or the broader marketplace.
IXC Intermediaries assist clients to:
Proprietary step-wise disclosure processes ensure that the client has complete control over what is disclosed at each stage of the connection. This prevents any IP contamination or leakage.
The InnovationXchange disclaims any right to IP which may be developed as a by product of collaborations.
The IXC Intermediary Service is profiled in Henry Chesbrough's book 'Open Business Models: How to Thrive in the New Innovative Environment'.
Clients.
The InnovationXchange works within the following 'ecosystems':
Clients include start-ups and SME's, large national and multinational organisations, universities and research organisations from across these sectors.
History.
The InnovationXchange originated as the Australian Industry InnovationXchange Network in 2003 whose aim was to provide an open network for improved communication across industry, government, universities and the community. Initially this was done through an online 'knowledge sharing' web portal and other networking activities.
This model was established with the funding support of the Australian Industry Group/Sir William Tyree Foundation, the Australian Government, and the state governments of New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria.
In 2004 the InnovationXchange undertook a pilot with John Wolpert to market test his concept of using 'trusted intermediaries' to facilitate the secure, managed exchange of sensitive information between entities.
The pilot demonstrated that often organisations do not understand who or why external parties might value the capabilities they possess, while others are not able to anticipate or articulate the nature or sources of knowledge or technology which might advance their strategic ambitions. The role of the 'trusted intermediary' was to match the capabilities and gaps of clients to provide safe and fast business and research collaborations. This pilot was supported by the Commonwealth and Victorian governments.
This pilot was a success and the InnovationXchange client base has grown steadily since.
IXC International.
In 2006, the University of Birmingham licensed the InnovationXchange model in the UK. There are now 20 IXC Intermediaries worldwide, 10 throughout Australia and 10 throughout the UK, serving over 90 clients from Italy, Germany, the US, New Zealand, Australia and the UK.
The international expansion of the InnovationXchange continues to add depth and scope to the network, allowing the creation of new and exciting business strategic and research collaborations.

</doc>
<doc id="20802470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802470" title="Susan Carey">
Susan Carey

Susan E. Carey (born 1942) is an American psychologist. She is a Professor of Psychology at Harvard University. She is an expert in language acquisition and children's development of biological concepts and is known for introducing the concept of fast mapping, whereby children learn the meanings of words after a single exposure. Carey received a B.A. from Radcliffe College in 1964, a Fulbright scholarship to study in University of London in 1965, and a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1971. She was employed at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1972–1996 and New York University from 1996–2001 before joining the faculty at Harvard University in 2001, where she is currently chair of the psychology department. She was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001. Carey is a fellow of the National Academy of Sciences and has received many academic awards and distinctions, including the Jean Nicod Prize for philosophy of mind in 1998, and she was the first woman to receive the Rumelhart Prize in 2009, which has been given annually since 2001 for significant contributions to the theoretical foundation of human cognition. She is married to the professor of philosophy Ned Block (NYU). Carey is the author of Conceptual Change in Childhood, which reconciles Piaget's work on animism with later work on children's knowledge of biological concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="20802471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802471" title="Adelelm">
Adelelm

Adelelm is a masculine Medieval name composed of "Adel" meaning "noble", and "helm" meaning "helmet", it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20802481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802481" title="Script (Unix)">
Script (Unix)

The script command is a Unix utility that records a terminal session. The "scriptreplay" command offers a replay function to "script". The session is captured in file name typescript by default; to specify a different filename follow the "script" command with a space and the filename as such: script recorded_session.
The ttyrec program provides the same kind of functionality and offers several bindings.
Recorded shell sessions can be shared using online services. The advantage of sessions recorded in this format from the usual screencasts is that shell instructions can be easily copy/pasted from the player screen.
Alternatives to Script Command.
One of the problems with the script command is that it only allows logging of a child process; and often there is a need to log the command in the current process without spawning a new process, such as when automation of a script is needed that can log its own output. The unix operating system makes this possible by use of pipes and redirects. Consider the following model examples:
Bourne shell.
All shells related to Bourne shell (namely: sh, bash, and ksh) allow the stdout and stderr to be attacted to a named pipe and redirected to the tee command.

</doc>
<doc id="20802486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802486" title="Eddie Edmonson">
Eddie Edmonson

Eddie Edmonson (1889–1971) was a Major League Baseball player who played for one season. Earl Edward Edmonson was born on November 20, 1889 in Hopewell, Pennsylvania. At the age of 23, Edmonson joined the Cleveland Naps during the 1913 Cleveland Naps season and played in his first Major League Baseball game on October 4 of that year. A little more than a month later, Edmonson played in his second and final game on October 5, 1913. Nicknamed "Axel", Edmonson played one game as a first baseman and the other game as an outfielder. During his two game career, Edmonson made it to bat five times, but went 0 for 5 and ended up with a .000 hitting average, despite his ability to throw right and bat left. Edmonson died at the age of 81 in Leesburg, Florida on May 10, 1971. He was buried at Greenwood Cemetery in Orlando, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20802495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802495" title="San Rafael Hills">
San Rafael Hills

The San Rafael Hills are a mountain range in Los Angeles County, California. They are one of the lower Transverse Ranges, and are parallel to and below the San Gabriel Mountains to the south, adjacent to the San Gabriel Valley overlooking the Los Angeles Basin.
Geography.
The San Rafael Hills contain all or parts of the towns of La Cañada Flintridge, Pasadena, South Pasadena, San Marino, El Sereno, Monterey Hills, Montecito Heights, Mt Washington and foothills surrounding Eagle Rock, east of the 2 Freeway including Rancho San Rafael, Chevy Chase . They define the valley area of Pasadena and San Marino, and retain a large aquifer on the hills' north side, from the San Gabriel Valley.
History.
They were the homeland, with settlements, of the Tongva Native American people for over 8,000 years before the Spanish invasion and colonization of the late 18th century. The El Molino Viejo with a "zanja" (dirt aqueduct) was built in the hills in 1816 by the nearby Mission San Gabriel Arcángel. They are named after the Rancho San Rafael, an 1874 Spanish land grant beyond the hills to the west. An 1838 Mexican land grant established the "Rancho Huerta de Cuati" in the hills in 1838. The rancho was later acquired by Henry E. Huntington for his residence, gardens, and library, and real estate development. The Huntington Hotel was developed in 1914 on the southern side.
Landmarks.
The The Huntington Library and Botanic Gardens, The hillside campus of Art Center College of Design, the Edwin Hubble House, and El Molino Viejo (all National Register of Historic Places and California Historical Landmarks) are located in the San Rafael Hills, as is San Marino's Lacy Park.
Ernest E. Debs Regional Park is a large nature preserve and regional park in the western section of the hills, with walking and bicycle trails.

</doc>
<doc id="20802510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802510" title="GO-1">
GO-1

GO-1 is a submarine communications cable system that links Sicily to Malta, operated by the Maltese telecommunications company GO.
It currently consists of a single cable, laid in 1995, linking St George's Bay in Malta to Catania in Sicily. The laying of the second leg of the system, linking St Paul's Bay in Malta to Mazara del Vallo in Sicily, started in December 2008; it is expected to be operational in early 2009.
There were reports of cable failure on the St. George's Bay/Catania cable in December 2008, concurrent with the failure of several other cable systems at around the same time.
It has been speculated that these multiple failures of apparently unrelated submarine cable systems may have been related to seismic activity in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20802514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802514" title="Víctor Estupiñán">
Víctor Estupiñán

Víctor Manuel Estupiñán Mairongo (born March 5, 1988 in Quinindé) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Deportivo Quito in the Ecuadorian Serie A.
Career.
Club.
Estupiñán began his career in the youth ranks of LDU Quito. In 2006 he made his debut for the senior side and has been a member of the side that has captured numerous domestic and continental titles since 2007. He participated in the 2009 Copa Sudamericana title run appearing in 3 matches and assisting on 2 goals. On November 5, 2009 he helped lead LDU Quito over Vélez Sársfield providing one assist in a 2–1 victory which helped his side reach the semifinals. Following the 2009 season it was reported that Estupiñán would be sent on loan to Macará in order to receive increased playing time, but the move never materialized.
In 2011 he was drafted 14th in the first round of the MLS SuperDraft by Chivas USA. After one season in Los Angeles, Chivas USA opted to decline the option on Estupiñán's contract.
International.
Estupiñán was a member of the Ecuador Under-20 national team.
Honors.
LDU Quito

</doc>
<doc id="20802517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802517" title="Irakli Kakabadze">
Irakli Kakabadze

Irakli Kakabadze is a Georgian writer, performance artist, peace and human rights activist. In 2009, he was recently awarded the Oxfam/Novib PEN Freedom of Expression Prize. Kakabadze's articles and stories have been published in Georgian, Russian, and English newspapers and magazines. In 2007 Kakabadze received the Lilian Hellman/Hammett grant from Human Rights Watch. From 2008 to 2012, Kakabadze was based in Ithaca, NY, where he has developed a new method of integrating performing arts and social sciences, called "Rethinking Tragedy" or "Transformative Performance." Kakabadze has also pioneered a multi-lingual and multi-narrative performing style, called Polyphonic Discourse. Irakli Kakabadze's work as an artist-activist is subject of a verite documentary At the Top of My Voice.
Biography.
In his early youth (1987–1990) years Irakli Kakabadze was actively involved in anti-Soviet dissident movement and participated in the National Liberation movement of Georgia. By 1989 he was the youngest member of National Liberation Committee that was formed by the first President of Georgia, Zviad Gamsakhurdia. In 1990, at the age of 21 he was elected to the National Forum of Georgia, which included nine strongest political parties in Georgia. Kakabadze was not eligible to run due to his young age, but he helped the liberation movement to win October 1990 elections by a wide margin. After the election of Zviad Gamsakhurdia as Georgia's President, Kakabadze quit his political activities and dedicated himself to literature and arts. He moved to the United States in 1990 and since then adopted bilingual writing style. Kakabadze also works in the field of peace studies and conflict resolution. He has been a practitioner of nonviolent social change and conflict resolution for nearly two decades. He was an active participant of two peaceful revolutions in 1989 (as one of the leaders of student movement) and in 2003 (as one of the leaders of civil disobedience committee).
During his work as peace and human rights activist in 1988-2010, Kakabadze was arrested and assaulted number of times by the Soviet and Georgian police.
Literary career.
Irakli Kakabadze has published more than fifty short stories and essays in Georgian and English newspapers and magazines. His novel, Allegro or "The Chronicle of One Year" received the 1990 Best Literary Creation Award from the Georgian magazine Tsiskari. One of his plays “Candidate Jokola” became controversial in Georgia, as it was about a love story between a Georgian Presidential Candidate and an Abkhaz woman.
SHMAZI Transformative Performance style.
The word Shmazi was born in mid 1990s when Kakabadze was studying at George Mason University in Virginia, USA. Kakabadze integrated performance and conflict resolution sessions in 1997 together with Daniel McFarland and KP-Funk Band. “Shmazi” style of performing art combines performance with facilitated problem-solving workshops. In 1998-99 he took part in Shmazi performances together with American authors, such as Yana Djin, Quique Aviles, singer Luci Murphy and musicians Allison Wolfe, and Natalie Avery. Initially, Shmazi events were directed mostly against the bourgeois gentrification policies in Washington, DC Mount Pleasant neighborhood. Shmazi became synonymous with political performing arts, challenging the economic order of class domination. But at the same time Kakabadze and his colleagues were facilitating conflict transformation through artistic performances. After returning to Georgia Kakabadze started to collaborate with one of the leading composers of electronic music Gogi Dzodzuashvili. Dzodzuashvili and Kakabadze created the well-known electronic song “Postindustrial Boys” - one of the popular songs in Europe. Kakabadze developed Polyphonic Discourse, that included differing narratives in the same artistic piece. “Tbilisi at the End of 20th” century was one of the first Shmazi performances, featuring multiple narratives. In 2003 Kakabadze together with Giorgi Sikharulidze has created “Theater for Change” that was based on Augusto Boal’s technique of the facilitation. This time the goal was to contribute to social change through artistic action. The work of this theater under the leadership of Giorgi Sikharulidze and Irakli Kakabadze contributed significantly to non-violent “Rose Revolution’ in November, 2003. Kakabadze has taught this facilitating method for years in different universities, including at Cornell University.
Polyphonic Discourse.
Irakli Kakabadze was an Editor-in-Chief of the bi-lingual (Georgian-English) literary-social science magazine “Peace Times” in 2001-2004 in Tbilisi, Georgia. This is where Kakabadze started to explore multi-lingual and multi-discourse style of writing. The magazine combined the discourse of creative multi-media art with multi-disciplinary peace science. It was at this journal that Kakabadze started to publish Georgian, Russian, English and German texts. Polyphonic discourse as a method originates from traditional Georgian folk music & from the writings of Russian literary scientist Mikhail Bakhtin. Together with his colleague Zurab Rtveliashvili, Kakabadze has used this technique to bring it to writing and performance and writing – articulating different narratives at the same time. In their joint works “The Georgian Humanist Manifesto of 21st Century” (2005) and “Contemporary Dada Manifesto” (2009)they have shown two distinctly different narratives coexisting in the same performance while not breaking up it harmony. Decentralized style of performance and artistic delivery became a signature style of these artists. Many critics connected these polyphonic performances with the advance of multicultural postmodern narrative in the West – but according to authors, this concept has its roots far deeper than simple trend on early 21st century. 
In May 2008 Kakabadze shared a stage at PEN WORLD VOICES Festival in New York with György Dragomán, Hasan Elahi, Asli Erdogan, Péter Esterházy, Chenjerai Hove, Jenny Marketou, Ivy Meeropol, Francine Prose, and Ingo Schulze, at the Writers and Artists Against the Surveillance State.November 2008 at the Miami Book Fair Kakabadze shared a stage with Sarah Mkhonza, Russell Banks and Derek Walcott to perform another piece of Polyphonic Blues.[21
Kakabadze has performed polyphonic style of poetry at Frankfurt Book Fair (2009), “Free the Word” in London (2010) (23). At the 2010 “PEN World Voices” Festival in New York Kakabadze performed Polyphonic Discourse at the Cabaret Show that featured the author together with Natalie Merchant, Ben Okri and Ariel Dorfman.
Books.
1. Times Square - Circle of the Time (1998, Publishing house "Azri") – in Georgian
2. Allegro or the Chronicle of One Year - (2002, "Azri") – in Georgian
3. Compassionata - (2004, "Siesta") – in Georgian
4. Candidate Jokola - (2005, "Siesta") in Georgian & (2010, Vista-Periodista) in English
5. Land of Flowers – Liberation Theology – (2010, Vista-Periodista) in English & Georgian

</doc>
<doc id="20802527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802527" title="Junctional ectopic tachycardia">
Junctional ectopic tachycardia

Junctional ectopic tachycardia (JET) is a rare syndrome of the heart that manifests in patients recovering from heart surgery. It is characterized by cardiac arrhythmia, or irregular beating of the heart, caused by abnormal conduction from or through the atrioventricular node (AV node). In newborns and infants up to 6 weeks old, the disease may also be referred to as His bundle tachycardia.
Etymology.
Junctional ectopic tachycardia derives its name from the problem it causes. "Junctional" is used as the abnormal tissue driving the ventricular rate is located close junction between the atria and ventricles, known as the AV node. Ectopic (from the Greek "ektopos", meaning "out of place") refers to the fact that the ventricles are being triggered by tissue that is not the normal pacemaker tissue within the heart. Tachycardia (from the Greek "takhys", meaning "swift", and "kardia", meaning heart) means a swift heart rate.
By this definition, junctional ectopic tachycardia is an abnormally swift heart rhythm due to cells firing within the heart near the AV node.
Pathophysiology.
In normal individuals, electrical activity in the heart is initiated in the sinoatrial (SA) node (located in the right atrium), propagates to the atrioventricular (AV) node, and then through the bundle of His to the ventricles of the heart. (See electrical conduction system of the heart).
The AV node acts as a gatekeeper, limiting the electrical activity that reaches the ventricles of the heart. This function of the AV node is important, because if the signals generated in the atria of the heart were to increase in rate (as they do during atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter), the AV node will limit the electrical activity that conducts to the ventricles. For instance, if the atria are electrically activated at 300 beats per minute, half those electrical impulses are blocked by the AV node, so that the ventricles are activated at 150 beats per minute (giving a pulse of 150 beats per minute). Another important property of the AV node is that it slows down individual electrical impulses. This is manifest on the ECG as the PR interval, which is about less than 200 milliseconds, the time from activation of the atria (manifest as the P wave) and activation of the ventricles (manifest as the QRS complex).
Individuals with JET have a "short-circuit" in their heart, where the electricity bypasses the AV node, causing the heart to beat faster than normal. The cause of the arrhythmia, the ectopic focus, is usually near the AV node in the triangle of Koch (a rough triangle with points at the coronary sinus, the tendon of Todaro, and the tricuspid valve).
Patients of heart surgery may experience an accelerated narrow complex tachycardia, usually within the first 24–48 hours (but occasionally longer) after surgery. There may be atrio-ventricular disassociation with more ventricular signals then atrial signals. The cause of JET is felt to be due to manipulation of the tissue surrounding the AV node during surgery, however debate exists regarding the exact cause, as it is seen after procedures even without significant manipulation of this area.
JET-like symptoms can also manifest congenitally and in the first six months of life. This syndrome, which may also referred to as His bundle tachycardia, is resistant to therapy and can be difficult to treat.
Treatment.
Treatment is aimed at slowing the rate by correcting acidosis, correcting electrolytes (especially magnesium and calcium), cooling the patient, and antiarrhythmic medications. Occasionally pacing of the atrium at a rate higher than the JET may allow improved cardiac function by allowing atrial and ventricular synchrony.
A 1994 study at the Adolph Basser Institute of Cardiology found that amiodarone, an antiarrhythmic agent, could be used safely and relatively effectively.
JET occurring after the first six months of life is somewhat more variable, but may still be difficult to control. Treatment of non-post-operative JET is typically with antiarrhythmic medications or a cardiac catheterization with ablation (removal of affected tissue). A cardiac catheterization may be performed to isolate and ablate (burn or freeze) the source of the arrhythmia. This can be curative in the majority of cases. The use of radiofrequency energy is infrequently associated with damage to the normal conduction due to the close proximity to the AV node, the normal conduction tissue. The use of cryotherapy (cold energy) appears to be somewhat safer, and can also be effective for the treatment of JET.

</doc>
<doc id="20802533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802533" title="YouTube Symphony Orchestra">
YouTube Symphony Orchestra

The YouTube Symphony Orchestra (YTSO) is an orchestra assembled by open auditions hosted by YouTube, the London Symphony Orchestra and several other worldwide partners. Launched on December 1, 2008, it is the first-ever online collaborative orchestra.
2009.
The open call for entries was until January 28, 2009. Musicians wishing to audition had to post a video of themselves playing the "Internet Symphony No. 1 'Eroica'", by Tan Dun, along with a second talent video of themselves playing a preset audition piece to YouTube. Musicians of all cultures were encouraged to audition, as even if a particular instrument was not specifically scored in the original score, a musician was allowed to simply play a part in the same pitch range as their chosen instrument. Judges selected finalists and alternates was from January 29 to February 13, 2009 and the finalists were voted on by the YouTube community from February 14 to February 22, 2009.
Winners were announced on March 2, and were invited to travel to New York in April 2009, to participate in the YouTube Symphony Orchestra summit, and play at Carnegie Hall under the direction of Michael Tilson Thomas. As of the concert date, 15 million YouTube viewers had watched the audition tapes. The concert featured a series of short pieces that had been rehearsed for several days, as well as guest soloists Joshua Roman, Gil Shaham, Measha Brueggergosman, Yuja Wang, and classical / electronica composer Mason Bates. Three children were tutored for the event by pianist Lang Lang and played Rachmaninoff's waltz for piano six hands.
The Tan Dun submissions were compiled into a mashup video premiered at Carnegie Hall on April 15, then hosted on the "YouTube Symphony Channel" as of April 16.
2011.
On October 12, 2010, a video posted on the YouTube Symphony channel announced that they would be doing a second symphony, this time performing at the Sydney Opera House on March 20, 2011. Thomas will again be directing, and has asked Bates to write a piece, entitled "Mothership", in which performers will be invited to improvise with the orchestra, both live and via an uplink. A video of the LSO performing "Mothership" was posted on YouTube on October 11, 2010.
The concert also featured a performance of Mozart's Caro bel idol Mio by Renée Fleming and the Sydney Children's Choir.
Like the previous year, contestants were required to record themselves performing the piece on their own instruments. However, since the piece features sections of improvisation, players are also invited to send in clips of themselves improvising. Applications closed on November 28, 2010.
The performance was broadcast live on "Sunday 20th March 2011 at 8pm Sydney time" with rebroadcasts being done throughout the day for each time zone. The completed performance was uploaded to YouTube at the end of March 20 and can now be viewed on the symphony channel. It was "the most-watched live music concert on the Internet", and "the most frequently viewed concert in the history of the video-sharing website".
Reception.
As of March 20, 2011, the live feed of the concert was the 21st most viewed event in the Musicians Channel on YouTube.
The live stream of the Grand Finale concert at the Sydney Opera House was the largest live stream YouTube ever made, connecting 30.7 million streams on computers and a further 2.8 million streams on mobile devices. The previous leader was U2 live on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="20802559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802559" title="List of Chick-fil-A Bowl broadcasters">
List of Chick-fil-A Bowl broadcasters


</doc>
<doc id="20802576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802576" title="San Ysidro Mountains">
San Ysidro Mountains

The San Ysidro Mountains are a mountain range in southern San Diego County, California. The range extends for a short distance into Baja California. The San Ysidro Mountains are part of the Peninsular Ranges System.
The highest point of the range is Otay Mountain, elevation . The majority of the range is included in the Otay Mountain Wilderness Area.
Flora.
The native vegetation of the San Ysidro Mountains represents the coastal sage scrub of the California coastal sage and chaparral ecoregion (western faces); and plants of the California montane chaparral and woodlands ecoregion (inland). The San Ysidro Mountains are one of the few locations the rare Tecate Cypress ("Cupressus forbesii") is found. This tree was once abundant in the higher elevations of the range as well as in its canyons. The San Ysidro Mountains were deforested of living foliage by wildfires in 2003 and 2007. "Cupressus forbesii" is a fire ecology dependent species, and there has been some evidence of regrowth starting.

</doc>
<doc id="20802598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802598" title="Sand Hills (California)">
Sand Hills (California)

The Sand Hills are a mountain range in Yuba County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20802601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802601" title="Robert Wexler (rabbi)">
Robert Wexler (rabbi)

Rabbi Robert Wexler is the president of the American Jewish University (AJU), formerly known as the University of Judaism (UJ). He has been listed among the top 50 most influential American rabbis in Newsweek, ranking number seven in 2007 and ranking number three in 2008. He has also been included in the Forward's top 50 list of significant American Jewish leaders. He has published several articles, including contributions to the "Encyclopedia Judaica", the Etz Hayim Humash, and a volume entitled "Israel, the Diaspora and Jewish Identity".

</doc>
<doc id="20802626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802626" title="Dan Falk">
Dan Falk

Dan Falk (born 1966) is a Canadian science journalist, broadcaster, and author. He has written for the "Globe and Mail", the "Toronto Star", "The Walrus", "Cottage Life", "SkyNews", "Astronomy" and "New Scientist", and has contributed to the CBC radio programs "Ideas", "Quirks and Quarks", "Tapestry" and "Spark".
He has published three books:
"Universe on a T-Shirt" was the winner of the 2002 Science in Society Journalism Award from the Canadian Science Writers’ Association, as well as the John and Margaret Savage First Book Award, part of the Atlantic Book Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20802631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802631" title="2009 Coupe de la Ligue Final">
2009 Coupe de la Ligue Final

The 2009 Coupe de la Ligue Final was the 15th final in this young cup's history. The final was played at the Stade de France in Paris on 25 April 2009 was contested between FC Girondins de Bordeaux of Ligue 1 and Vannes OC of Ligue 2. This was the first meeting between the two clubs. This was Bordeaux's fifth appearance in the final having won in 2002 and 2007 and losing in the 1997 and 1998 editions of the cup. This was Vannes's first ever appearance in the cup final. With their appearance, Vannes were the first ever club to reach the final after beginning from the 1st round. Bordeaux won the match 4–0 after getting off to a fast start scoring their first three goals inside of 13 minutes.
Match Report.
Bordeaux got off to a fast start, in all aspects of the match, scoring in just the 2nd minute with the Brazilian Wendel chipping the ball over Vannes keeper Christophe Revel. Bordeaux then tripled their lead in a span of two minutes with Marc Planus scoring on a header off a corner kick from Wendel in the 10th minute and Yoan Gouffran scoring just his second goal for Bordeaux in the 12th minute off a free kick from Yoann Gourcuff, though the latter was first credited with the goal. However, after looking at the replay, it was determined that Gouffran got a slight head on the ball redirecting it slightly. Gourcuff would get his goal in the 40th minute scoring on a right footed shot just outside of the box. The ball deflected off a Vannes defender before going into the back off the net. This goal gave Bordeaux a 4–0 lead heading into halftime.

</doc>
<doc id="20802655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802655" title="Phoracantha punctata">
Phoracantha punctata

The Longicorn Beetle ("Phoracantha punctata") is a species of Cerambycinae that is native to Australia.
Description.
Males are between 12 and 26mm while females are 14 to 27mm long. They are dark reddish-brown to blackish-brown, the elytra has additional pale markings.

</doc>
<doc id="20802683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802683" title="Mexican nobility">
Mexican nobility

Mexicans who by marriage to titled foreigners or through outright purchase, acquired titles of nobility from European countries excluding Vatican. These were primarily Italian and German titles, such as the Duque de Rausenbach and the famed Marqués de San Basilio, who wed the rich Béistegui heiress in belle epoque France. By the late 19th century, a few Mexican families saw their titles ascended into the grandeza, such as the Duchy of Regla (Romero de Terreros family).
At the beginning of the 19th century, the Mexican nobility—both titled and untitled—consisted of approximately 1.5% of Mexico’s
population, or approximately 200,000 individuals. Signers of the Mexican Declaration of Independence included: the Marqués de San Juan de Rayas, the Marqués de Salvatierra, the Marqués de Salinas del Río Pisuerga, the Conde de Santa María de Regla, the Marqués de la Cadena, the Marqués de San Miguel de Aguayo, among others. 
Leading noble families active in 17th, 18th, and 19th century politics, economy, clergy, arts and culture included Gómez de Cervantes, Romero de Terreros, de la Cámara, Rincón-Gallardo, Romay, Riverol, Pérez Gálvez, Rul, Vivanco, La Canal, Cañedo, Fernández de Jáuregui, Obando, Fernández de Córdoba, Gómez de Parada, Lara, Pérez de Salazar, Ruiz de Velasco, Valdivieso, De Haro y Tamariz, Fagoaga, Echeverz, Dávalos de Bracamonte, Cámara, Peón, Gutiérrez-Altamirano, Castañiza, Gómez de la Cortina, Urrutia, Velasco, Moncada, Diez de Sollano, de Busto y Moya, Reynoso y Manso de Zúñiga, Capetillo, Villaseñor-Cervantes, Villaseñor-Jasso, López de Zárate, Caserta, Trebuesto, Ruiz de Esparza, García de Teruel, Espinosa de los Monteros, Vizcarra, Rábago, Sardaneta, Ozta, Azcárate y Ledesma, de la Torre-Ledesma, Molina Flores, Samaniego del Castillo, Lemus, Mier, De la Maza, Gonzalez de Betolaza, López de Peralta, Diez-Gutierrez, Flores-Alatorre, Cosío, Rivadeneyra, de la Cotera, de la Campa y Cos, Rodríguez Sáenz de Pedroso, Padilla, Rivascacho, Villar-Villamil, Rodríguez Rico, Sánchez de Tagle, Báez de Benavides, Cabrero, Hurtado de Mendoza, López-Portillo, García Pimentel, Meade, Sánchez-Saráchaga, Sainz Trápaga, Villaurrutia, Errazu, Escandón, Yturbe, Heredia de la Pierre, Beovide, Sánchez de Aldana, Yermo, Béistegui, Zubaran-Capmany and Sánchez-Navarro, among others. The lion's share of these titles were granted by the Bourbon dynasty in the 18th century. 
After titles of nobility were abolished in 1824 (and again in 1857), many nobles appended "ex-" to their titles and continued to use them. Failure to renew titles in Spain--and to pay taxes due on the renewal--led to some families' loss of their distinctions. Less than two dozen families continued to renew their titles into the present.
Historically, many of these Mexican families married into European nobility and some of these unions have produced figures such as Rainier III, Prince of Monaco and Elena Poniatowska, who was a descendent of a brother of Stanislaw August Poniatowski the last King of Poland. Other families who have married into European nobility include the Gutiérrez de Estradas, and the Itúrbides—the Head of the Imperial House of Mexico in exile, Maximilian von Götzen-Itúrbide, is married to a member of the Venetian and Croatian nobility.
Most aristocrats remained on the sidelines of the court of the Second Empire. Some, like the Romero de Terreros family, went into official mourning and exiled themselves to their haciendas--or abroad--rather than accept positions at court that would have compromised their fortunes. A few backed the liberals, such as the II Barón de Caserta, who donated funds to arm liberal guerrillas in Jalisco.
Indigenous nobility.
The Aztecs and other Indigenous peoples in Mexico had a system of hereditary aristocracy in place when the Spanish arrived in Mexico. The Spaniards respected this system and added to it, resulting in many unions between Aztec and Spanish nobility. Descendents of the elites of pre-Columbian Mexico who received these distinctions included the heirs of the Aztec ruler Moctezuma II; That family became known as the Condes de Moctezuma, and later, the Duques of Moctezuma de Tultengo. The holders of the title, who still reside in Spain, became part of the Spanish peerage in 1766 when they received a Grandeza. A branch of their family, on the female side, continued to receive an annual payment from the Mexican government in the amount of some 500 Ducats, gold, until 1938, as part of a contract signed in the 16th century granting Mexico City access to water and lumber on family property.
Some families of pure Amerindian ancestry, such as the Mixtec Villagómez family, were among the richest landowners in New Spain after the conquest of the Aztec empire. Despite being part of the colonial elite after the conquest, the Villagómez retained their Mixtec identity, speaking the Mixtec language and keeping a collection of Mixtec codices.
Numerous other Indigenous elites collaborated with the conquest, earning noble titles and privileges. Most notably, all the Tlaxcallans, who resettled into northern Mexico, became hidalgos.
Titles in Viceregal Mexico and the First Mexican Empire.
Families who received a "título de Castilla" during the Colonial period were the first to be granted European noble titles in New Spain (Mexico). One of the first was the Conquistador Hernán Cortés, who was granted the title of the "Marqués del Valle de Oaxaca". Approximately 130 such titles were held by Spaniards born or resident in New Spain. Main centers of population included Mexico City, Puebla, Querétaro, San Miguel de Allende, Guanajuato, Guadalajara, and Morelia (Valladolid).
At independence, a few princely dignities were accorded the Imperial family's relations and three titles of nobility—the latter already under application with the Spanish government—were recognized by the Congress of the First Mexican Empire, such as the Marqués de Samaniego del Castillo. Knighthoods were also created, most notably, of Guadalupe. Over the 19th century, others received pontifical titles of nobility, and through loopholes in Spanish law, had these titles recognized as "títulos de Castilla"; these are known as "títulos negros" and include the titles of the "marqués de Barrón, conde de Subervielle, conde del Valle" (Fernández del Valle family), "duquesa de Mier," and others. Many of these families were part of the hidalgo class. Some families, after Mexican Independence, received "títulos de Castilla" from the Spanish monarch directly, such as the "duque de Regla" and the "duquesa de Prim", or indirectly, through marriage to individuals holding these titles, such as the "duque de Castroterreño" or the Escandón family members who subsequently became "duques de Montellano", "marqueses de Villavieja".
First Republic and the Second Mexican Empire.
Some families received titles of nobility from the congress of the First Empire. After the fall of the First Empire, the imperial family resided in Italy, and later, in the U.S. The Empress is buried in Philadelphia. Afterwards, during the Second Mexican Empire, under Maximilian I of Mexico of the House of Habsburg, the nobility was resurgent. While knightly orders were re-established, no new titles of nobility were granted.
Some of these families granted titles during the first Empire were the Itúrbides—whose Basque ancestors had been ennobled by King Juan II of Aragon—, Samaniego del Castillos, and the Marquis de la Cadena.
Modern Period.
During the Porfiriato, members of the Mexican aristocracy were very active in politics. Prince Agustín de Iturbide y Green, Maximilian's adopted son, was prompted by reactionaries into making public pronouncements against Díaz, who promptly exiled him after he served a brief sentence given him by a martial court . Don Agustín died in exile in the U.S., where he was a Spanish professor at Georgetown University. Members of the Rincón Gallardo, Fagoaga, and Pimentel families ("marqués de Guadalupe," "marqués del Apartado" and "conde de Heras Soto") were active in Mexico City government, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Senate, the armed forces, and the "Academia de la Lengua" or the "Sociedad de Geografía e Historia." Many journeyed and lived abroad, often doing so in Paris, London, and Madrid. Most men studied at the Jesuit-run British public school, Stonyhurst College. By marriage to French families, a number of Mexicans became ennobled, including the Polignacs and Villeneuves.
Around 1902, Don Ricardo Ortega y Pérez Gallardo, Mexico’s unofficial King of Arms, commenced work on a project to prepare an encyclopedic repertoire of Mexico's aristocracy. The resulting "Historia genealógica de las familias más antiguas de México" ("Genealogical History of the Oldest Families of Mexico"), an Almanach de Gotha of sorts, listed the histories of a select group of families residing in Mexico who held Habsburg, Bourbon, Mexican, and Pontifical titles and patents of nobility, entailments, and knighthoods; it also listed notables who had accepted honors from foreign sovereigns and republics.
After the revolution, the nobility migrated to Mexico City in large numbers; many entered the professional and educated classes. The Mexican Academy of Genealogy and Heraldry has operated since 1921, creating a journal and publishing important family genealogies. A number found employment in the diplomatic service, arts and letters, public relations, and transnational corporations. A number of European nobles, bankrupted by the wars, resettled and intermarried in Mexico from the 1940s on, including the King of Romania. Art history and antiquities attracted many, such as the Marqués de San Francisco, don Manuel Romero de Terreros, among others. Monarchists organized masses for the repose of Maximilian well into the 20th century at the Church of La Profesa, and were kept under surveillance by the Ministry of the Interior. During Charles de Gaulle's state visit to Mexico, many turned out for the receptions. Many of them greeted the arrival of the Royal Family in 1977—the first such visit in Mexico's history—and purportedly feuded over the order of precedence at receptions. Pontifical orders of knighthood, as well as Independent orders, such as Malta, have chapters in Mexico. The most numerous is the Orden del Santo Sepulcro de Jerusalén with nearly 200 members organized into three chapters (Chihuahua, Guadalajara, and Mexico City).
Wealthy Mexican families have attempted to obtain titles of nobility from Spain since the 1980s, when relations were re-established, but ran afoul of the law. The appeal of and fascination with the nobility in Mexico, without a doubt, has not subsided. Countless soap operas, novels, films, museum exhibits, and websites are devoted to the topic.
Current legal status of nobility in Mexico.
The Political Constitution of Mexico expressly prohibits the state from recognizing (or granting) any titles of nobility since 1917. Therefore, nobility titles do not legally exist (therefore they are not forbidden) in Mexico. The same law prohibits Mexicans from accepting foreign distinctions without permission from the Congress of the Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20802705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802705" title="2009 Coupe de France Final">
2009 Coupe de France Final

The 2009 Coupe de France Final was the 91st final of France's most prestigious cup competition, the Coupe de France. The final was played at the Stade de France in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis on 9 May 2009 and was contested between Stade Rennais F.C. of Ligue 1 and En Avant Guingamp of Ligue 2. Guingamp earned their first Coupe de France trophy, defeating Rennes 2–1, after two second half goals from the Brazilian Eduardo.
Background.
This was Rennes's fifth appearance in the final, having won the cup in 1965 and 1971, and finishing as runners-up in 1922 and 1935. It was Rennes's first final playing under their new emblem and name having achieved the previous honours under the Université Club emblem. This was Guingamp's second appearance in the final having appeared in the 1997 edition of the final, losing to Nice on penalties.
This was the first final since 1956 where both clubs were based in the same region, both clubs being based in Bretagne.
Rennes was designated as the home team and wore their original red and black kit. Due to Guingamp having similar colours, both home and away, they unveiled an all white kit for the final.
Match report.
The first half of the 91st final of the Coupe de France was pretty equal early on, but it was Guingamp who attacked early on producing a great fingertip save from Nicolas Douchez after the Brazilian Eduardo got a left-footed chance on goal after dislodging Rod Fanni in the 12th minute. This was followed up by a long range chance from midfielder Lionel Mathis, however, Douchez didn't require a save as it was just wide left. Rennes were primarily being held to only long range shots, however, that didn't stop Moussa Sow from testing Guillaume Gauclin in the 23rd minute, producing a shot that was just wide, but was enough of a concern for Gauclin to dive for it. The best chance of the first half would come in the 31st minute when the Nigerian Wilson Oruma cross into the box and found an open Richard Soumah who forced a tremendous save out of Douchez. Rennes responded in the 40th minute with Jérôme Leroy taking an unexpected shot from almost 30 metres out. The shot got past the Guingamp keeper, but struck the post going out of play.
The second half began with a quick attack from Rennes. Capitalizing on a Guingamp turnover, Rennes started a counterattack led by Moussa Sow. Their chance, taken by Leroy, was shot straight at the Guingamp keeper. In the 53rd minute, Rennes would almost get the first goal of the match again when Leroy found Sow. However, Rennes, for the second time in the match, hit the post after Sow's shot beat the keeper easily. Leroy and Sow would be involved in another chance again from Rennes in the 65th minute. After a cross into the box, Sow attempted an overhead kick, but instead knocked the ball into the air and into the path of Leroy, who again blew a chance, sending the ball into the stands, despite being about 10 metres from goal. Rennes would finally get their goal following a free kick into the box. The ball went through everyone except the American Carlos Bocanegra, who headed the ball past Gauclin, giving Rennes a 1–0 lead. However, within minutes, Guingamp would respond. Following a Felipe Saad cross into the box, the ball landed at the feet of the Swede Peter Hansson and redirected right into the path of Eduardo, who took the chance to even the match at 1–1. Ten minutes later, Eduardo would strike again, when, after a scramble in the box, he found the ball at his feet and proceeded to take a driven right-footed shot that ran right under Douchez to give the Ligue 2 side a 2–1 lead. The goal eventually turned out to be the winner, giving the second division side their first Coupe de France trophy in their history. Their victory also earned them an appearance in the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League.

</doc>
<doc id="20802709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802709" title="Jim Boeke">
Jim Boeke

James Frederick Boeke (born September 11, 1938 in Akron, Ohio) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams, the Dallas Cowboys and the New Orleans Saints. He played college football at Heidelberg College and was drafted in the nineteenth round of the 1960 NFL Draft. In the off-season, he worked as a physical education teacher. During his playing days in L.A., Boeke worked as a bodyguard for the Nelson family (of Ozzie and Harriet fame), and went on to work for Ricky Nelson. Probably Boeke's most famous play as a pro occurred near the end of the 1966 NFL Championship game. With Dallas trailing Green Bay by a touchdown, the Cowboys had a first down on the Packers' 2-yard line. Boeke was flagged for a false start, Dallas failed to score, and Green Bay went on to beat the Kansas City Chiefs in the inaugural AFL-NFL championship game, now referred to as the first Super Bowl. Following his playing days, Boeke utilized his Hollywood connections and appeared in bit parts in TV (MASH, Coach and many others) and movies (North Dallas Forty, Forrest Gump et al.) for many years. Boeke continued to live in the Southern California area as a teacher and high school football coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20802738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802738" title="1989 Valvettiturai massacre">
1989 Valvettiturai massacre

1989 Valvettiturai massacre occurred on August 2 and 3, 1989 in the small coastal town of Valvettiturai, on the Jaffna Peninsula in Sri Lanka. Approximately 64 minority Sri Lankan Tamil civilians were killed by soldiers belonging to the Indian Peace Keeping Force. The massacre followed an attack on the soldiers by the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam cadres. The rebel attack had left 6 Indian soldiers, including an officer, dead and another 10 injured. Indian authorities claimed that the civilians were caught in a cross fire. Journalists such as Rita Sebastian of the "Indian Express", David Husego of the "Financial Times" and local Human Rights groups such as the University Teachers for Human Rights have reported quoting eyewitness accounts that it was a massacre of civilians. George Fernandes, who later served as defense minister of India (1998–2004), called the massacre India’s My Lai.
Background information.
During the British colonial period, when Sri Lanka was known as Ceylon, most civil service jobs were (roughly 60%) held by minority Sri Lankan Tamils who were approximately 15% of the population. This was due to the availability of western style education provided by American missionaries and others in the Tamil dominant Jaffna Peninsula. The preponderance of Tamils over their natural share of the population was used by populist majority Sinhalese politicians to come to political power by promising to elevate the Sinhalese people. These measures as well as riots and pogroms that targeted the minority Sri Lankan Tamils led to the formation of a number of rebel groups advocating independence for Tamils. Following the 1983 Black July pogrom full scale civil war began between the government and the rebel groups.
In 1987 the government of Sri Lanka and India entered into an agreement and invited the Indian Army to be used as peacekeepers. Eventually the Indian Peace Keeping Force (IPKF) came into conflict with one of the rebel groups namely the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE). During October 1987 the Indian forces trying to wrest control of the Jaffna town stormed the Jaffna hospital resulting in the deaths of a number of staff and patients. By November 1987 the Indian Army was in nominal control of all major towns within the Jaffna Peninsula. But the LTTE after removing most of its fighting cadres south of the peninsula maintained a steady barrage of typical guerilla style attacks throughout 1988 and 1989. This period also saw huge loss of civilian life, claimed rapes and number of instances of mass massacres.
The attack.
On August 2, 1989 around 11.15 a.m. two Indian patrols numbering 30 men approached the Valvettiturai market square on foot when gunfire was heard. This was a crowded market area and was full of people. The ambush by LTTE of the IPKF foot patrol in a crowded market area caught everyone including the civilians by surprise. Six IPKF soldiers were killed and another 10 injured.
Following the initial confrontation many troops started moving into town and the LTTE ambush party left the area. A number of people were killed and burnt inside shops. Many people of all ages and both sexes were made to sit in the town square and three rounds were fired into them killing four persons. Many hundreds of civilians took refuge in the spacious houses of one Mr. Subramaniam and Mr. Sivaganesh. Approximately 300 people were in these houses.
At 1.30 p.m. Indian soldiers entered the house of Mr. Subramaniam and killed him along with eight others in the house.
At 4 p.m. Indian soldiers entered the house of Sivaganesh, took 8 men to a cowshed and shot them but 4 survived.
By the end of the day the VVT Citizens’ Committee reported that 52 dead persons had been identified.
On August 3 the IPKF imposed a curfew and rounded up large number of young men. About 75 youths were made to roll on the road and were assaulted and 6 killed. Some who did not know about the curfew in nearby villages were also shot and killed.
Many of the injured civilians were given first aid by local medical practitioners and were taken to the nearby Oorani government hospital. Some injured had walked to Point Pedro hospital, 5 miles away by late evening on 2 August. The arrival of injured civilians at the Point Pedro hospital prompted Mme. Jacqueline, the nursing sister from the Médecins Sans Frontières, to attempt to send an ambulance to the scene of the mass killings. She was refused permission to reach the scene of the killings. It was reported that no attempt was made to help the injured by the Indian military officials. After the relaxing of the curfew on August 4, those who survived the massacre reached the major hospitals for treatment.
Reactions.
According to the "Financial Times" report, the Indians believe that the incident resulted from a deliberate provocation by the LTTE intended to trigger an overwhelming Indian response; thus tarnishing the IPKF’s image, during sensitive negotiations to leave the island nation. The Indian embassy claimed that 24 civilians were killed in crossfire. A later report on All India Radio claimed that 18 LTTE personnel and 12 civilians were killed. The statement by the Chief Minister of the North East Mr. Varadarajaperumal dismissed the local media reports as exaggerations. According to an affidavit by an eyewitness, very next day, the Commanding Officer of Vadamaradchi (region), Brigadier Shankar Prasad, the Deputy Commander, Col Aujla, and the Udupiddy Commanding Officer, Colonel Sharma met some of the survivors and apologized. George Fernandes who served as India's defence minister from 1998 to 2004 termed the massacres as India’s My Lai.

</doc>
<doc id="20802805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802805" title="Steve Largent Award">
Steve Largent Award

The Steve Largent Award is given by the Seattle Seahawks annually to the team contributor(s) best exemplifying the spirit, dedication, and integrity of former Seahawk wide receiver Steve Largent.

</doc>
<doc id="20802807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802807" title="St. George's Bay">
St. George's Bay

St. George's Bay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20802815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802815" title="Nora Newcombe">
Nora Newcombe

Nora S. Newcombe is the James H. Glackin Distinguished Faculty Fellow at Temple University. She is a Canadian-American researcher in cognitive development, cognitive psychology and cognitive science, working on the development of spatial thinking and reasoning and on the development of episodic memory. She is the principal investigator of the Spatial Intelligence and Learning Center, one of six NSF-funded Science of Learning Centers.
Background.
Newcombe received her Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1976. She has served as the President of the Cognitive Development Society, Division 7 (Developmental) of the American Psychological Association, the Eastern Psychological Association and as Chair of the Board of Scientific Affairs of the American Psychological Association. She has been elected as a Fellow in various societies including the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Society of Experimental Psychologists, the Association for Psychological Science, four divisions of the American Psychological Association, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Newcombe's contributions to spatial cognition and its development are extensive. Her book with Janellen Huttenlocher in 2003, "Making Space", synthesized decades of research and provided a new direction for the field, and provides a new conceptualization of cognitive development different from either traditional nativist or from traditional empiricist approaches. In addition, she has worked on sex differences in cognition, beginning in the late 1970s with a critical look at a then-popular explanation of sex differences in spatial functioning in terms the onset of puberty. Since then, she has recognized the evolutionary and neural factors involved in sex differences while also emphasizing the malleability of cognitive ability as noted in the literature. (recently reprinted in a special issue celebrating 25 years of ACP).
Newcombe has been the keynote speaker discussing relevant developments in spatial cognition at several meetings such as the Psychonomic Society, the American Psychological Society, the International Mind Brain Education Society and the German Psychological Society.
Spatial Intelligence and Learning Center.
Newcombe has led the Spatial Intelligence and Learning Center (SILC), one of 6 NSF-funded Science of Learning Centers that explore learning in an interdisciplinary framework. She has thus brought spatial cognition to the forefront of our conceptualization of the human intellect and its potential for learning.
In her work on memory and memory development, Newcombe has integrated research from adult cognitive psychology and neuroscience to the study of development, both in terms of distinctions between implicit and explicit memory and distinctions between semantic and episodic memory.
Awards and fellowships.
Newcombe has received the 2014 APA William James Fellow Award recognizing her achievement in advancing the field of cognitive science, G. Stanley Hall Award, the George A. Miller Award, an Award for Distinguished Service to Psychological Science, and the Women in Cognitive Science Mentorship Award. She was a James McKeen Cattell Fellow for a sabbatical year at Princeton in 1999-2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20802826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802826" title="Velleia">
Velleia

Velleia is a genus of herbs in the family Goodeniaceae. Of the 22 species, 21 are endemic to Australia, and one is endemic to New Guinea.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20802834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802834" title="Euthales">
Euthales

Euthales may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20802871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802871" title="Atrial tachycardia">
Atrial tachycardia

Atrial tachycardia is a type of atrial arrhythmia in which the heart's electrical impulse comes from an ectopic atrial pacemaker rather than from the SA node. Atrial tachycardias are characterized by very regular rates ranging from 140–220 bpm.
One form is multifocal atrial tachycardia.

</doc>
<doc id="20802877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802877" title="Happy Belly">
Happy Belly

Happy Belly, (), is a food brand under Tee Yih Jia Food Manufacturing Pte Ltd, the world leading manufacturer of spring roll pastry, located in Singapore. It was created as a brand for its oriental range of frozen food products.
Product Range.
The “Happy Belly” brand is used by Tee Yih Jia to market the following range of frozen ready-to-eat Asian convenience food:
Headwriter & Scriptwriter: Simmon Tan
Pilot Episode entitled: "Don't You Criticize My Food" was the Winner of the Bronze Medal at the New York Festival, 1995.
Certifications.
Spring Home products are accredited with the following certifications:

</doc>
<doc id="20802883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802883" title="Carl Kotchian">
Carl Kotchian

Archibald Carl Kotchian (July 17, 1914 – December 14, 2008), known as Carl or A.C., was an American business executive who served as the president of Lockheed Corporation. His admission of paying millions of dollars in bribes to foreign government officials led to the jailing of Japan's prime minister and political upheaval in several countries in the 1970s.
Kotchian was born on July 17, 1914 in Kermit, Divide County, North Dakota and grew up in Long Beach, California, attending Long Beach Junior College (now known as Long Beach City College). He later attended Stanford University, where he received an undergraduate degree and a Master of Business Administration.
Kotchian, a Certified Public Accountant worked for Price Waterhouse in Los Angeles. He was hired in 1941 by Vega Airplane Company, a subsidiary of Lockheed Aircraft. At Lockheed, he supervised the firm's surge in aircraft production during World War II. He established the firm's manufacturing site in Marietta, Georgia, which became the primary production location for the C-130 Hercules cargo plane and later for the F-22 Raptor fighter. He became president of Lockheed in 1967, a period in which the firm produced the C-5 Galaxy cargo plane and the SR-71 Blackbird spy plane for the U.S. military and the L-1011 TriStar jet for the commercial market.
Development of the L-1011 began in the late 1960s, during Kotchian's presidency, and was started without any firm orders. In 1971, the United States government provided a $250 million loan to help bail the firm out of mounting development costs for military programs and for the L-1011. In testimony before the United States Senate in 1976, Kotchian described how he had met with government officials in Japan and made payoff of 500 million yen, the equivalent of US$1.7 million, part of a total of US$12 million in payments to Japanese politicians and businessmen that led to the sale of 21 L-1011 aircraft by Lockheed, then worth US$430 million. Prime Minister of Japan Kakuei Tanaka was ultimately convicted of accepting a bribe, one of many notable Japanese politicians who were involved in the scandal.
In his Senate testimony, Kotchian disclosed that Lockheed paid $1.1 million in the early 1960s to a Dutch official later identified as Prince Bernhard, husband of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands in his role as inspector general of the Military of the Netherlands. After the revelations, the prince stepped down from his military position.
In a 1977 profile in "The New York Times", Kotchian reflected his bitterness at the Lockheed directors who ousted hims as chief operating officer and vice chairman in March 1976 based on his $38 million of what the board called "questionable payments". Kotchian described that he felt that
Lockheed has become the scapegoat for 300 companies that the S.E.C. said were doing the same thing, and Haughton and I are the scapegoats for the scapegoat... Some call it gratuities. Some call them questionable payments. Some call it extortion. Some call it grease. Some call it bribery. I look at these payments as necessary to sell a product. I never felt I was doing anything wrong.
A resident of Palo Alto, California, Kotchian died at age 94 on December 14, 2008. He had been married to the former Lucy Elizabeth Carr who had died in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20802899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802899" title="Sunicas">
Sunicas

Sunicas () was a Hun who served in the Byzantine military during the Iberian War, in the early reign of Emperor Justinian I (r. 527–565). 
Biography.
According to Zacharias of Mytilene, Sunicas was a Hun who fled to the Byzantine Empire, where he was baptized. By 527, he was an officer stationed at the fortress of Dara in Mesopotamia along with Simmas, and defended it against Sassanid Persian attacks. In 530, he appears as a "dux", although it is not clear whether he held the territorial command of "dux Mesopotamiae" or if he just received the title. In this capacity, he participated at the great Byzantine victory in the Battle of Dara in June 530, where, along with Aigan, he commanded a 600-strong unit of Hun cavalry stationed on the Byzantine left flank. During the battle, Sunicas's Huns repelled the Persian attack on the Byzantine left and were then sent by Belisarius, the Byzantine commander, to reinforce the threatened right flank. There, Sunicas killed the Persian second-in-command, Baresmanes, as well as his standard-bearer, and the Sassanid Persians began to fall back in panic, cementing the Byzantine victory.
In the next year, he served again under Belisarius in his new campaign against Sassanid Persia. On his own initiative, he led a force into the Persian rear, where he caught many Persians and their Arab allies out foraging. He killed some of them and captured others for interrogation. However, as he had acted without orders, Belisarius severely reprimanded him, and only through the mediation of Belisarius's co-commander Hermogenes were the two reconciled. At the Battle of Callinicum (April 19, 531), Sunicas and Simmas were placed in command of the Byzantine left. Although they repelled the successive Persian attacks, the remainder of the army was defeated and forced to withdraw. Sunicas and his men, mostly infantry, nevertheless continued to fight, preventing the Sassanid Persians from pursuing the defeated Byzantines. Nothing is known of him thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="20802901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802901" title="The Georgia Review">
The Georgia Review

The Georgia Review is a literary journal based out of the University of Georgia. Founded in 1947, the journal includes poetry, art, fiction, essays, and reviews. It won National Magazine Awards for Fiction in 1986 and for Essays in 2007. Stories that appear in the "Georgia Review" are frequently reprinted in the "Best American Short Stories" and have won the Pushcart and O. Henry Prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="20802916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802916" title="Susan Goldin-Meadow">
Susan Goldin-Meadow

Susan Goldin-Meadow is the Beardsley Ruml Distinguished Service Professor in the Departments of Psychology, Comparative Human Development, the College, and the Committee on Education at the University of Chicago. She is the principal investigator of a 10-year program project grant, funded by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, designed to explore the impact of environmental and biological variation on language growth. She is also a co-PI of the Spatial Intelligence and Learning Center (SILC), one of six Science of Learning Centers funded by the National Science Foundation to explore learning in an interdisciplinary framework with an eye toward theory and application. She is the founding editor of "Language Learning and Development", the official journal of the Society for Language Development.
Background.
Goldin-Meadow got her Ph.D. in developmental psychology from the University of Pennsylvania where she studied with Rochel Gelman and Lila Gleitman. Before coming to Penn and while an undergraduate at Smith College, she spent a year spent at the Piagetian Institute in Geneva, where she conducted research with Barbel Inhelder and Hermine Sinclair and took courses with Jean Piaget. After Penn, she moved to the University of Chicago.
In addition to serving as the editor of Language Learning and Development for eight years, Goldin-Meadow was an Associate Editor of Developmental Psychology, Cognitive Science, and the journal Gesture. She has also served as president of the Society for Cognitive Development and the International Society for Gesture Studies and is the chair-elect for the Cognitive Science Society. She was the chair of the Section on Linguistics and Language Sciences for the AAAS, and a member-at-large of the Psychology Section and the Linguistics and Language Science Section of the AAAS. She has served a member of the Governing Board of the Cognitive Science Society and the Board of Directors of the Association for Psychological Science. She is currently a member of the Foundation Board of the Federation of Associations in Behavioral and Brain Sciences (FABBS).
Goldin-Meadow served on the NIH Study Section (Language and Communication) and the Advisory Council of the National Deafness and Other Communication Disorders, National Institutes of Health. In addition, she was a member of the Committee on Integrating the Science of Early Childhood Development, sponsored by the Board on Children, Youth, and Families of the National Research Council and the Institute of Medicine––the product of this committee was Neurons to Neighborhoods, published by the National Academy of Science. Goldin-Meadow also served as a member of the committee appointed by the Israeli Council for Higher Education to evaluate the field of psychology and behavioral sciences in Israel, and a member of a Blue Ribbon Panel to advise Qatar on developing Behavioral and Social Sciences (Enhancing Qatar's National Research Enterprise: A review of the Qatar National Research Strategy).
Awards.
Goldin-Meadow was elected to the American Academy for Arts and Sciences and is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Association for Psychological Science, the American Psychological Association (in Developmental Psychology and Experimental Psychology), the Cognitive Science Society, and the Linguistic Society of America. She received the Ten Outstanding Young Citizens Award for Professional Achievement presented by the Chicago Junior Association of Commerce and Industry, and was awarded a John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship and a James McKeen Cattell Fellowship.
Goldin-Meadow has also received a number of teaching awards, at the undergraduate level (Llewellyn John and Harriet Manchester Quantrell Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Teaching at the University of Chicago) and the graduate level (Burlington Northern Faculty Achievement Award for Graduate Teaching at the University of Chicago), and has also received a Mentor Award from the American Psychological Association (Division 7).
Her book, Hearing Gesture: How Our Hands Help Us Think, received the Cognitive Development Society book award.
Goldin-Meadow presented the Nijmegen Lectures at the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics in the Netherlands, and has served as an APA Distinguished Scientist Lecturer, an APS William James Distinguished Lecturer, and an APA Master Lecturer. She has given a number of named lectures––the Boyd McCandless Lecture, the James and Eleanor Gibson Lecture, the Hersh Leibowitz Lecture, the Spiker Memorial Lecture, and the J. R. Kantor Lecture.
Research Interests.
Goldin-Meadow’s experience at the Piagetian Institute in Geneva piqued her interest in the relation between language and thought. This interest continues to energize her research, which exploits the gestures that we produce with our hands to explore two fundamental questions.
(1) Which properties of language are so fundamental to human language that they will appear in a communication system developed by a child who does not have access to linguistic input? Goldin-Meadow studies this question by observing the home-made gestures, called "homesigns", that profoundly deaf children create when they are not exposed to sign language. Homesign offers insight into the linguistic properties that are at the core of human language––properties that children are able to invent on their own, and that conventional sign languages are likely to have contained at the earliest stages of their creation.
(2) Can the gestures that hearing speakers produce when they talk play a role in learning, in particular, in the transition from an understanding that is grounded in movements in space to an understanding that is abstract and generalizable? The gestures that hearing speakers produce when they talk are robust––they appear in congenitally blind individuals, even when they talk to other blind individuals and even though they have never seen anyone gesture, and in deaf children who use sign language as their primary language. These co-speech gestures reflect a speaker’s thoughts, often thoughts that don’t appear in the speaker’s language (either sign or speech) and that the speaker doesn’t even know she has. But gesture can do more than reflect thought––it can play a role in changing thought, as part of the language learning process and, once language has been mastered, as part of the learning process that leads to the acquisition of other skills.

</doc>
<doc id="20802917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802917" title="Smoldno">
Smoldno

Smoldno () is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20802934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802934" title="Calochortus obispoensis">
Calochortus obispoensis

Calochortus obispoensis is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name San Luis mariposa lily. It is endemic to San Luis Obispo County, California, where it grows in the chaparral of the coastal mountains, generally on serpentine soils. 
Description.
It is a perennial herb producing a slender, branched stem up to 60 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is 20 to 30 centimeters in length and withers at flowering. There may be smaller leaves located along the stem. 
The inflorescence bears 2 to 6 erect flowers. Each spreading flower has three reflexed sepals up to 3 centimeters long and three flat petals each up to 2 centimeters long. The petals are yellow or orange in color with darker tips and fringed and coated in long, dark purple or red hairs. The fruit is an angled capsule up to 4 centimeters long which contains translucent yellow seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20802943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802943" title="Operation Astonia">
Operation Astonia

Operation Astonia was a World War II battle fought from 10 September 1944 to 12 September 1944. The Allied objective of the operation was the capture of the German-held Channel port of Le Havre, France, coveted by the Allies to improve their supply system. The Allies hoped to find the port intact and immediately usable, but because of extensive damage proved to be not ready for use until mid October 1944. The attack on the fortress city was carried out by the British 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division and the 51st (Highland) Infantry Division, aided by elements of Canadian forces and action from naval and aviation units, with the city falling within three days of the first assault.
Background.
On 6 June 1944 Allied troops landed at various beaches on the north coast of France as the start of Operation Overlord, with the goal being the liberation of France. Plans for the invasion required four ports on the French coast to be captured as to allow Allied forces to be reinforced and supplied. After crossing the river Seine British I Corps and Canadian II Corps, under Canadian First Army and forming the left flank of Montgomery's 21st Army Group, were tasked to fan out and capture respectively the ports of le Havre and Dieppe and then clear the coastal belt as far as Bruges. Dieppe, which had been evacuated by the Germans, was liberated by the 2nd Canadian Infantry Division on 1 September 1944.
Le Havre was considered one of the strongest fortifications in the Atlantic Wall, and had a series of strong natural defences; bodies of water completely prevented access from the south, east and west. The north side of the port was heavily fortified, with a deep and wide anti-tank ditch stretching across the entire approach, pillboxes fitted with anti-tank and machine guns and Intelligence before the attack estimated there were between in the city, of which artillery troops, naval personnel and the rest were a mixture of low-quality infantry and a battalion from the 36th Grenadier Regiment.
Preparations.
Plans called for a massive artillery and air bombardment to soften up the fortifications. As such two Royal Navy vessels, HMS "Warspite" and HMS "Erebus" bombarded the port for several days, firing more than of shells. In addition the aircraft of the Royal Air Force assaulted the defences in a 3-day long attack (September 5, 6 and 7) that saw drop of high explosive bombs on the city.
Assault on Le Havre.
The assault began at 1745 hours on 10 September, with both naval vessels engaging the coastal batteries defending the port and RAF bombers dropping approximately of bombs in an attack ninety minutes prior to the two divisions conducting their assault. The attack was divided into two phases; firstly to penetrate the German defences to allow further forces to attack and secondly to further these gains and capture the city. With the assistance of specialist units from the 79th Armoured Division and the 1st Canadian Armoured Carrier Regiment, such as Kangaroos and Sherman Crab vehicles, the first part of the assault proceeded swiftly, with gaps cleared through the minefield and anti-tank ditches breached. The 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division breached the north-eastern section of the Le Havre perimeter first, followed by the 51st (Highland) Infantry Division attacking on their right from the north. The assault was costly for the specialised armour, however, with the 79th Armoured Division losing 34 Crab anti-mine flail tanks, two command tanks and 6 AVRE vehicles.
The first phase continued into the second day with support from various aircraft and armoured vehicles, and the last strongpoints of the outer defences finally surrendered at 1400 hours after they were threatened with the use of Churchill Crocodile flame throwing tanks. On the third day of the assault the town centre was finally cleared by elements of both divisions, and the German garrison commander officially surrendered the port at 1145; troops were captured and interned as prisoners of war.
Aftermath.
The port had been successfully captured with few military casualties. The civilian damage, however, was severe; the artillery and air assaults had destroyed and of docks, as well as significantly reducing the usefulness of Le Havre as a supply port.
British officer William Douglas-Home was imprisoned for his refusal to participate in the operation after civilians were not allowed to be evacuated.

</doc>
<doc id="20802967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802967" title="List of operas by Krenek">
List of operas by Krenek

This is a list of the operas of the Austrian-born (later American) composer Ernst Krenek (1900–1991).

</doc>
<doc id="20802978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802978" title="Cao Baoping">
Cao Baoping

Cao Baoping is a Chinese film director. He has emerged in recent years as a figure in China's "midrange" cinema industry. Some industry watchers, like "Variety", have situated directors like Cao between the older fifth generation directors, such as Chen Kaige or Zhang Yimou, who have achieved major international and box-office success, and the more "underground" sixth generation directors, like Jia Zhangke and Wang Xiaoshuai.
Directorial career.
Cao Baoping graduated from the Beijing Film Academy in 1989, and spent most of the 1990s teaching screenwriting at his alma mater. Cao would go on to expand into directing television and television films, co-directing the television film "Absolute Emotion" in 2001.
His solo debut as director was 2006's "Trouble Makers", a satirical black comedy about a village taking revenge on a gang of hoodlums. Due to its rough content, "Trouble Makers" faced a host of problems from censors and spent six years in gestation before finally being released. The film premiered at the 2006 Shanghai International Film Festival, where it was called by "Variety's" Derek Elley as a standout entry.
In 2008, Cao followed up "Trouble Makers" with "The Equation of Love and Death", starring Zhou Xun. The film was well received and Cao would win a best new director award at the San Sebastian International Film Festival for his efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="20802995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20802995" title="United States Navy Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman">
United States Navy Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman

Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsmen are United States Navy Hospital Corpsmen that provide the Marine Special Operations reconnaissance teams and other USSOCOM units advanced trauma management associated with combatant diving and parachute entry. Traditionally, Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsmen (SARCs) are attached to the Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance companies to help support the Command Element of the Marine Air-Ground Task Force in special reconnaissance missions. Lately however, due to a growing need for combat medics in the special operations community, SARCs are beginning to be utilized in almost all USSOCOM assets.
Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
The SARCs are a team trained and specialized in the same aspects of their Recon Marine and special operator counterparts, in amphibious entry, deep recon and direct action. They are also capable of conducting detailed underwater ship-bottom searches. During operational status, the teams will then be dispersed evenly throughout the Marine recon platoons; usually one amphibious recon corpsman per platoon. SARCs have regularly acted as a point man, sharp shooter, radio operator, or even the team leader in the Marine recon teams/platoons. More recently, SARCs are being deployed with Marine Special Operations Command (MARSOC), Naval Special Warfare and Army Special Forces units due to their highly advanced skills in combat trauma care and diving medicine. SARCs have also been known to have been assigned to platoons in the Naval Special Warfare Development Group (formally known as SEAL Team Six) and have worked alongside Air Force Pararescuemen in combat rescue operations.
Mission.
The environments that Recon Marines and Recon Corpsmen face during a mission are usually hazardous. The Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsmen use their paramedic skills to provide advanced medical support and other emergency medical procedures related to the hazards of swimming, open and closed circuit SCUBA diving, and military freefall during amphibious reconnaissance operations. They also instruct and advise the recon Marines in prevention and treatment of illnesses, whether in combat or training.
The SARC has the duty of hyperbaric chamber operator: skilled in the operation of recompression chambers for hyperbaric treatment. They are also required to know laws and physics of diving, fundamentals of proper gas mixtures, theory and practice of decompression and the use of decompression tables.
Screening and training.
Male Hospital Corpsman serving in the paygrades of E-1(Hospitalman Recruit) to E-6(Hospital Corpsman First Class) serving in any capacity may apply for candidacy. It is not required to be currently serving with a Fleet Marine unit to apply. Sailors currently attending Hospital Corpsman "A" School may enter the pipeline immediately without first serving time in the fleet by enrolling in the Special Operations Corpsman Program (SOCP), currently held at HM "A" School. This course is designed to prepare sailors for the lifestyle and training required of candidates applying for SARC, Dive Medical Technician (DMT), and Search-and-Rescue (SAR) programs. Marine Recon and the associated training pipeline is currently restricted to male applicants only. Candidates must have a current ASVAB general technical score of 100 or higher, the last three physical fitness assessments and be able to achieve a first class swim qualification. A commanding officer endorsement is also required, no non-judicial punishments for 12 months and no courts-martial for 24 months. The extensive training requires a commitment to serve as a recon corpsman for a minimum of three years.
Occupational Classification.
After completion of Phases 1 & 2 listed below, corpsman will be awarded the NEC 8404. Following Phases 3-7 corpsman will be awarded the NEC 8427, Fleet Marine Force Reconnaissance Corpsman. After completing the SOIDC course corpsman possessing the NEC 8427 will be awarded the NEC 8403, Fleet Marine Force Independent Duty Corpsman. 
Following this pipeline, corpsman will be assigned to one of the Marine Corps Reconnaissance Battalions, MARSOC or other USSOCOM command in order to be placed with a specific unit. Upon placement, corpsman will receive specialized occupational training in order to become a more qualified component of a team. These training courses may include, but are not limited to; Scout Sniper, Breaching, Language School, Joint Traffic Air Traffic Control (JTAC), and Mountaineering.
Traditionally, these corpsman have been placed with the Marine Corps Reconnaissance Battalions and their Force Reconnaissance Companies, and since 2006 the Marine Special Operations Regiment (MSOR). But recently, due to manning levels and the superior quality of SOIDCs, corpsman have also been attached to US Army Special Forces and US Navy Special Warfare commands.

</doc>
<doc id="20803008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803008" title="Don Tallon with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948">
Don Tallon with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948

Don Tallon was a key member of Donald Bradman's famous Australian cricket team tour of England in 1948, in which Australia was undefeated in their 34 matches. This unprecedented feat by a Test side touring England earned them the sobriquet "The Invincibles".
The team's first-choice wicket-keeper ahead of Ron Saggers, Tallon played in four of the five Tests, missing the Fourth Test due to injury. Despite being the preferred gloveman, Tallon conceded byes at a higher rate than Saggers during the tour.
Bradman rotated the two glovemen during the tour, and Tallon played in 14 of the 31 first-class matches, taking 29 catches and 14 stumpings. Tallon's catch of Len Hutton in the Fifth Test at The Oval was described as Wisden as the best of the year. He also took a difficult catch to remove George Emmett in the Third Test at Old Trafford, catching a ball that flew to his feet at yorker length. However, Tallon also had some mishaps, with finger injuries inflicted by failing to catch the ball correctly. Tallon had few opportunities with the bat, scoring 283 runs at a batting average of 25.72 in 13 first-class innings, including two fifties. During the Test, Tallon scored 112 runs at 28.00, including a 53 in the Second Test that saw Australia recover to a first innings of 350 after a middle-order slump had seen England take the upper hand. He took 12 catches in the Tests.
In recognition of his performances, Tallon was named as one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 1949.
Background.
Tallon's form as Australia's wicket-keeper since World War II saw him selected for the 1948 Ashes tour as part of the side that would become known to cricket history as the "Invincibles". Tallon was the first-choice wicket-keeper, with Saggers as his deputy. Having spent the majority of his life in sunny Queensland and growing up in tropical Bundaberg, the cold English climate initially caught Tallon off guard. He did not wet his inner gloves as was his custom due to the temperature. As England agreed to make a new ball available every 55 overs, this meant that the ball would more frequently be in a favourable state for fast bowling, since it would swing more. As a result, Australia adopted a pace-oriented strategy and Ian Johnson was the only spinner regularly used in the Test matches. Colin McCool was not to play a Test on the tour, depriving Tallon of an opportunity to show his stumping abilities standing up at the stumps to his Queensland team-mate in the Tests.
Early tour.
Australia traditionally fielded its first-choice team in the tour opener, which was customarily against Worcestershire. Accordingly, Tallon was selected as the wicket-keeper for the match. The home side batted first and Tallon made his first dismissal on English soil by catching Worcestershire captain Allan White from the bowling of Keith Miller. He then stumped former England captain Bob Wyatt from McCool. In reply to the hosts' 233, Tallon was promoted to No. 6, but managed only six in a collapse of 4/38 before Australia recovered to declare at 8/462. He took a further three dismissals in the second innings, two of them stumpings from McCool's bowling, as Australia crushed the hosts by an innings and 17 runs. Tallon conceded 11 byes in the match.
Tallon was rested for the second tour match against Leicestershire, which Australia won by an innings with Saggers behind the stumps.
Tallon played a key role in Australia's victory in the next match against Yorkshire, on a damp pitch that suited slower bowling. He came in at 7/86 and made ten in the first innings to push Australia to 101 in reply to Yorkshire's 71, in which Tallon did not concede a bye. However, Tallon was not so tidy in the second innings, conceding 11 byes as the hosts were bowled out for 89 in their second innings. He did not make a dismissal in the match. Australia then collapsed to 6/31 in pursuit of 60 for victory when Tallon strode in. To make matters worse, Sam Loxton was injured and could not bat, so Australia only had three wickets in hand. Australia faced its first loss to an English county since 1912. He survived an immediate leg before wicket appeal and then hit a shot that fell just short of a fielder. He then compiled 17 unbeaten runs as Australia scraped home by four wickets.
The Australians travelled to London to play Surrey at The Oval. Tallon came in with the score at 6/553, and held up his end, scoring an unbeaten 50 as his partners steadily fell and Australia were bowled out at 632. Tallon had some difficulty in English conditions as he sustained a bruised right finger when he lost sight of a Ray Lindwall bouncer on a misty morning during the match and was hit as he put hand over his face for protection, with the ball running away for four byes. Tallon took two catches in the second innings as Australia won the match by an innings, but he also conceded 24 byes in Surrey's match total of 336.
After sustaining the bruised finger, Tallon was rested for the following three matches, which were against Cambridge University, Essex and Oxford. Australia won each of the matches by an innings. Saggers filled in and scored 110 runs including a 104 not out against Essex and took five dismissals. Saggers conceded only 34 byes in his four tour matches, while Tallon had conceded 46 in three.N-
The next match was against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's. The MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Tests,N- and were basically a full strength Test team, as were Australia, who fielded their first-choice team. It was a chance to gain a psychological advantage, and Tallon was selected despite conceding byes at a higher rate in the preceding tour matches. He made 11 batting at No. 9, including a six from Jim Laker as Australia made 552. He took three catches in the first innings, having a hand in the first three wickets to fall, Jack Robertson, Bill Edrich and Denis Compton. He then took two stumpings in the second innings as the follow on was enforced, but also conceded 26 byes as Australia won by an innings. Tallon had conceded 72 byes to Saggers' 34 with both having played four matches.N-
Following the match against the MCC, there were four more county fixtures before the First Test, against Lancashire, Nottinghamshire, Hampshire and Sussex. Australia drew the first two before winning the latter two by eight wickets and an innings and 325 runs respectively. Tallon played in only the Nottinghamshire match, taking two catches in the first innings and two stumpings in each of the innings. The catches were all from Lindwall and the stumpings from Doug Ring. Tallon conceded 18 byes for the match and scored 27, being last man out at 400 after coming to the crease at 6/355. In Saggers's three matches, 36 byes were conceded and six dismissals were made.
First Test.
Despite averaging more byes per innings than Saggers during the warm-up matches,N- Tallon was retained in the Test team. During the First Test at Trent Bridge, Tallon took four catches. In the first innings, Tallon caught Jim Laker from the bowling of Keith Miller to end England's innings of 165 after he and Alec Bedser had joined forces at 8/74.
When Australia batted, Tallon came in at 6/338 to accompany Lindsay Hassett and took 39 minutes to compile 10 before hitting a return catch to the left arm orthodox spin of Jack Young. The scoring was slow during this passage of play—Young delivered 11 consecutive maiden overs and his 26-over spell conceded only 14 runs with Australia using leg theory.
After Australia ended with 509 and took a 334-run lead, Tallon took two difficult catches to dismiss key batsmen at the start of England's second innings. Miller removed Cyril Washbrook for one from a top-edged hook shot to Tallon. Bill Edrich was then caught behind attempting a cut from the off spin of Johnson. He did not read the arm ball that went straight on and the ball took the outside edge, leaving England at 2/39. He thus helped Australia to seize the initiative by denying England a good start, but they recovered. Later, he caught Godfrey Evans for 50 from Johnson as England ended at 441. Australia reached their target of 98 with two wickets down, completing an eight-wicket victory. Tallon conceded five and 12 byes in the two innings respectively.
Between Tests, Australia played Northamptonshire and Yorkshire, and Tallon was rested for both matches. The first was won by an innings and second was drawn. Saggers made four and 22 and conceded 24 byes in four innings.
Second Test.
The teams moved on to Lord's for the Second Test and Australia compiled 350 in its first innings. Tallon came to the crease with Australia at 6/225 after Hassett and Bill Brown had gone in quick succession, joining Johnson in the middle. Johnson struggled to score, while Tallon did so freely in the last hour. After Johnson fell for four at 7/246, Lindwall then joined Tallon and the pair survived to the close of play. England were well placed when Australia ended at stumps on 7/258 with Tallon on 25. Tallon had dominated the scoring late in day, making 25 of the 33 runs added. The crowd was optimistic about England's position and some immediately camped outside the turnstiles upon leaving the ground.
Australia's lower order batted the tourists into control on the second morning. Despite the loss of Lindwall for 15 at 8/275, Tallon kept on batting in a conventional manner, supported by Johnston and Ernie Toshack, who scored their highest Test scores. Both tail-enders threw the bat at the ball, which often went in vastly different directions to where they had aimed their shots. Tallon put on 45 with Johnston—who scored 29— before holing out for 53. Ending at 350, the Australians had regained the momentum, taking 92 runs from 66 minutes of hitting in the morning.
Tallon did not concede a bye in England's first innings of 215 and his diving was estimated to have saved around 40 runs. He caught Washbrook from Lindwall to leave England at 1/17, and later caught Laker from Johnson. Tallon was not needed in the second innings; Lindwall was promoted above Tallon because Australia needed quick runs and Lindwall was a big-hitter. Australia declared at 7/460, leaving England a target of 509.
With the score at 2/65, Washbrook inside edged a Toshack full toss directly downwards at Tallon's ankle. Bradman described the catch as "miraculous" because Tallon had to reach so low, so quickly, in order to take the catch. Another dive to stop a leg glance resulted in a severely bruised left little finger. Tallon conceded 16 byes in the second innings, more than 8% of England's score. Australia won the Test by 409 runs, and nursing his finger, Tallon was rested for both tour matches between the Tests, which were against Surrey and Gloucestershire, which were won by ten wickets and an innings respectively. In his place, Saggers scored 12, took nine dismissals and conceded 31 byes in four innings.
Third Test.
The teams then played out a rain-affected draw in the Third Test match at Manchester, where England elected to bat first. On the first day, Edrich gloved a rising Lindwall delivery and was caught by Tallon for 32, leaving England at 5/119. Compton returned at the fall of Edrich's wicket after previously leaving the ground after being bloodied in the head by a Lindwall bouncer. He batted to stumps, after being dropped one-handed on 50 by Tallon, before again being dropped on 64 late in the day by the gloveman from the bowling of Johnston. England closed at 7/231 with Compton on 64.
On the second morning, Tallon again dropped Compton from Johnston when the batsman was on 73. England eventually finished on 363, with Compton not out on 145. Thus Tallon's drops cost 95 runs as well as allowing Compton to hold up one end so his partners could score. Tallon also conceded seven byes.
Australia reached 3/135 when Miller and Arthur Morris departed in quick succession. With Sid Barnes retiring hurt because of a blow to the ribs, Tallon came in at 5/139, effectively six wickets down and made 18 in half and hour before falling at 6/172. Australia managed to reach 221 and avoid the follow on.
England batted again and Tallon dismissed George Emmett from Lindwall with a diving one-handed catch. Lindwall pitched an outswinger on the off stump and Emmett edged it to wicket-keeper Tallon, who took it in his right hand with a dive, leaving England at 1/1. England then declared at 3/174; Tallon conceded nine byes and with more than a day was lost to rain, Tallon was not required as Australia batted out the last session for a draw.
Tallon's little left finger swelled up after the Third Test and he exacerbated the injury during a tour match against Middlesex. In this match, he scored 17, took two catches and a stumping in the first innings and conceded only seven byes for the entire match as Australia won by ten wickets.
Fourth Test.
The left finger injury ruled him out of the Fourth Test at Headingley, and he was replaced by Saggers. Australia set a world record in successfully chasing a target of 404 to win the match by seven wickets and secure the series. Saggers leaked only six byes in 299.1 overs of glovework during the match as Australia conceded a total of 861 runs for the match. It was the lowest percentage of byes conceded in a match total by an Australian wicket-keeper for the tour (0.697%).N-
Tallon missed the innings victory over Derbyshire, before returning against Glamorgan. In his first match back from injury, Tallon took a catch and two stumpings as the hosts were dismissed for 197, but he also conceded 19 byes. Byes made 9.64% of the match total conceded by Australia, the highest proportion by the tourists during the summer.N- He did not bat as rain ended the match with Australia at 3/215. He was rested for the nine-wicket win over Warwickshire, before returning for Australia's second match and second draw against Lancashire. Tallon came in at 7/232 and scored 33, adding 63 with Ian Johnson to help Australia reach 321. He took two catches and two stumpings but also conceded 23 byes. In the non-first-class match against Durham, Tallon played purely as a batsman, while Saggers kept wicket. He opened the batting, but was dismissed for one as Australia made 273 and the hosts reached 5/73 before rain ended the match.
Fifth Test.
Tallon returned for the Fifth Test at The Oval, where England elected to bat first on a rain-affected pitch. Tallon caught Jack Crapp from an outside edge for a duck from the bowling of Miller, leaving England at 4/23 as play was adjourned for lunch. England continued to struggle against the moving ball and were all out for 52 in the middle session. The innings ended when Tallon took an acrobatic catch to dismiss Len Hutton down the leg side, catching it with his left hand. It was considered the catch of the season by "Wisden". Tallon conceded six byes in the innings.
Australia batted and passed England's total on the first afternoon. Tallon came in to bat on the second day with the score at 7/332, joining opener Morris, who had already passed 150. It took a run out to remove Morris; he attempted a quick run to third man after being called through by Tallon but was not quick enough for the substitute fielder's arm, leaving Australia at 8/359. Tallon, who scored 31, put on another 30 runs with Doug Ring, before both were out on 389, ending Australia's innings. In the second innings, Tallon caught Hutton from Miller and conceded nine byes as England were dismissed for 188 and lost by an innings, sealing a 4–0 series victory for Australia.
Later tour matches.
Seven matches remained on Bradman's quest to go through a tour of England without defeat. Tallon was rested for three consecutive matches against Kent, the Gentlemen of England, and Somerset, all of which Australia won by an innings. Saggers stood in and made seven dismissals and conceded 29 byes in the six innings of the three matches.
He returned for the following match against the South of England. He did not bat as Australia declared at 7/522. He then took three catches and conceded 13 byes as the match was washed out when the hosts were dismissed for 298.
Australia's biggest challenge in the post-Test tour matches was against the Leveson-Gower's XI. During the last tour in 1938, this team was effectively a full-strength England outfit, but this time Bradman insisted that only six current England Test players be allowed to play for the hosts. Bradman then fielded a full-strength team, with the only difference from the Fifth Test team being Johnson coming for Doug Ring. Tallon made two as Australia declared at 8/489. He conceded seven byes and did not make a dismissal as the match ended in a draw after multiple rain delays.
The tour ended with two non-first-class matches against Scotland. In the first match, Tallon played as a batsman while Saggers kept wicket. Tallon scored only six in Australia's 236 and then took 0/10 in Scotland's second innings and did not take a catch in the innings victory. In the second match in Aberdeen, Tallon kept wicket, conceding 26 byes and not taking a dismissal and he was not required to bat. When the match became safe, with Australia in an unassailable position in Scotland's second innings, Bradman allowed Tallon to dispense with his wicket-keeping pads and try his luck at bowling leg spin. Tallon never bowled in his Test career and only rarely in first-class cricket, where he delivered 301 balls, the approximate workload of a specialist bowler in one match. Tallon took 2/15 as Australia finished the tour with another innings win.
Role.
Tallon had had moderate success with his batting during the Test series, aggregating 114 runs at 28.50. He usually batted at No. 8, and only had four innings as Australia's batting strength was such that he did not need to bat in the second innings in any of the Tests. The Australian team strategy of primarily depending on fast bowling saw Tallon make 12 catches and no stumpings during the Tests. However, Bradman gave his lead pace bowlers Miller and Lindwall more rest during the tour games to save energy for the Tests, and relied more heavily on the off spin of Ian Johnson and the leg spin of McCool and Doug Ring in the county matches. Thus overall Tallon took 29 catches and 14 stumpings for the first-class matches during the tour. Tallon scored 283 runs at 25.72 for the season at an average higher than Saggers's 23.22. In all his matches on tour, Tallon conceded 249 byes as Australia conceded 5331 runs, a bye percentage of 4.67%, compared to Saggers's 221 byes from 6190 runs, a percentage of 3.57%.N-
During the tour, Tallon had few opportunities with the bat, generally batting between No. 8 and No. 9,N- because Australia's frontline bowlers included the likes of Ray Lindwall, Colin McCool, Ian Johnson and Doug Ring, who were all capable with the bat. Lindwall scored two Test centuries in his career, while McCool scored 18 first-class centuries, including one in Tests. Johnson and Ring both scored more than 20 fifties at first-class level. As Australia often won by an innings, and often declared in the first innings, Tallon only had 13 innings in his 14 first-class fixtures and was not out two times as he ran out of partners.
Tallon's performances during the English summer saw him named by "Wisden" as one of its five Cricketers of the Year.
Notes.
Statistical notes.
n-
This statement regarding byes in the early warm-up matches can be verified by summation of the scorecards, as listed here.
n-
This statement regarding the team composition can be verified by inspecting the records of the respective matches, as attached.
n-
This statement regarding byes in the warm-up matches can be verified by summation of the scorecards, as listed here.
n-
This statement can be verified by consulting all of the scorecards for the matches, as listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="20803021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803021" title="WADB">
WADB

WADB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20803024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803024" title="Sittas">
Sittas

Sittas (; died 538) was a Byzantine military commander during the reign of Emperor Justinian I (r. 527–565). During the Iberian War against the Sassanid Empire, Sittas was given command of forces in Armenia, similar to the status of Belisarius in Mesopotamia. He won a victory over the Sassanids at Satala. 
Biography.
Sittas was the husband of Comito, the elder sister of the Empress Theodora, and possible father of the later empress Sophia.
Sittas's origin is obscure. Byzantinists have suggested his name was Gothic or Thracian, but his theoretical descent from either the Goths or the Thracians is not mentioned in primary sources. He enters history in the reign of Emperor Justin I (r. 518–527) as a "doryphoros" ("bodyguard") in the guard of Justinian, then "magister militum per Orientem".
In 527, Sittas and Belisarius were given command of an invasion of Persarmenia. They were successful in looting the area and capturing a significant number of Armenian prisoners. They attempted to invade the rest of the Marzpanate of Armenia later in the year but were defeated by Aratius and Narses. The latter should not be confused with Narses, another Byzantine general under Emperor Justinian. 
In 528, Sittas was appointed in the new office of "magister militum per Armeniam". According to both Malalas and Theophanes the Confessor, Sittas recruited his "scriniarii" (administrative officials) among the local Armenian populace, as he considered them more familiar with the territory. Procopius records Sittas's victory over the Tzanni, a tribe of the Caucasus, which led occasional raids in neighbouring areas. Sittas successfully converted them from Paganism to Christianity and recruited the former brigands to the Byzantine army.
In 530, Sittas also received the office of "magister militum praesentalis "("Master of soldiers in the Presence the Emperor"). That same year, Sittas and Dorotheus defended Theodosiopolis against an invading force from the Sassanid Empire, part of the ongoing Iberian War between Emperor Justinian and the Persian shah, Kavadh I (r. 488–531). Procopius notes that the Roman forces managed to pillage the enemy camp. Sittas also defended Satala against the invasion force by attacking the larger army at its rear and forcing them to retreat (Battle of Satala). The invasion was called off and the Sassanids retreated back to Persia following the two defeats.
Following the defeat of Belisarius in the Battle of Callinicum (19 April 531), Sittas replaced him in the leadership of the Persian campaign. Kavadh, however, died within the year, and his son and successor Khosrau I (r. 531–579 AD) was interested in stabilizing his internal position for the time being and started negotiations for a peace. The "Eternal Peace" agreement (which eventually lasted ten years) was signed on September 532 on the terms of all Byzantine land lost under Emperor Justinian's rule to be returned, and the Byzantines to pay heavy tribute in exchange for peace. The country of Iberia remained under Sassanid control.
Sittas received the honorific title of patrician in 535. The same year, Sittas is credited with a victory against the Bulgars in Moesia, by the Iatrus (Yantra). He was named an honorary consul in 536. In 538/539, Sittas was sent back to Armenia to face a revolt in protest against heavy taxation. Failing to negotiate peace, Sittas started active fighting. In the Battle of Oenochalcon, the nature of the terrain forced both armies to fight in scattered groups rather than in unified forces. Procopius records that Sittas was killed by either Artabanes, a leader of the revolt, or Solomon, an otherwise obscure rebel.

</doc>
<doc id="20803035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803035" title="Calochortus palmeri">
Calochortus palmeri

Calochortus palmeri is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Palmer's mariposa lily. It is endemic to California, where it is distributed mostly throughout the coastal mountain ranges from the Los Angeles area to the San Francisco Bay Area. It is a perennial herb producing a straight, branching stem up to 60 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is 10 to 20 centimeters long and withers by flowering. The inflorescence bears 1 to 6 erect, open bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three brown-speckled sepals 3 centimeters long and three wider petals each 2 or 3 centimeters long. The petals are white to light lavender and have bases with yellow or purple hairs, or lacking hairs, depending on variety. There are two varieties of this species. The rarer of the two, Munz's mariposa lily (var. "munzii"), is known only from Riverside County.

</doc>
<doc id="20803038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803038" title="Jay R discography">
Jay R discography

The discography of Jay R, a Filipino R&B singer and actor, consists of five studio albums and twenty singles. 
In 2003, Jay R released his debut album entitled "Gameface", and it was certified Platinum by Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI), selling more than 40,000 units in the Philippines. The album was accompanied by the release his debut single, "Design for Luv", which received heavy airplay, but did not perform well enough to be a breakthrough hit. Following the first single, he released a Tagalog ballad, "Bakit Pa Ba", written by legendary Filipino composer Vehnee Saturno. It became his biggest hit to date and earned him an MTV Pilipinas for Favorite Male Video in 2004. He released his own R&B version of Billy Joel's "Just the Way You Are" in December 2005, together with his self-titled second album. It was followed by another Tagalog ballad, also written by Saturno, entitled "Ngayo'y Narito". The album and its singles did not perform as well as his previous releases. It was until his 2008 album, "Soul in Love", that he regained his throne as "R&B Prince" of the OPM industry. The album earned him critical acclaim from music reviewers, awards and accolades from major organizations, and another Platinum certification by the PARI. Early in 2010, he released a fan-requested all-Tagalog album, "Jay R Sings OPM Love Classics", which turned Gold in the country in November 2010. In the same year, he went to Indonesia to record a song in Bahasa language, for a release in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20803048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803048" title="Edgar Croft">
Edgar Croft

Edgar Croft (7 May 1872 – 1946) was an Australian rules football player for the Essendon Football Club. He played in three seasons for the Bombers, playing 15 matches and scoring 12 goals. He has the unique distinction of scoring Essendon's very first League goal.
He is famous for kicking the sealing goal for Essendon against Melbourne in the match that would decide the 1897 premiership. Under the farcical round robin finals series of 1897, Essendon needed to win their final match against Melbourne to win the flag. Croft kicked the only goal of the game, after a shocking kick by Essendon player Charlie Forbes skewed into the pocket for Croft to mark and goal.
Croft was known to have suffered many dislocations and fractures which caused him to miss a lot of games. Croft stayed involved at the club for years after his playing career, as a patron until 1918.
Croft died in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20803065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803065" title="List of freshman class members of the 109th United States Congress">
List of freshman class members of the 109th United States Congress

The 109th United States Congress began on January 4, 2005. There were 9 new Senators (7R, 2D) elected and 40 new Representatives (24R, 16D).
New members at the beginning of the 109th Congress.
These senators and representatives served at the beginning of the Congress on January 4, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20803076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803076" title="C. Randy Gallistel">
C. Randy Gallistel

Charles Ransom Gallistel (born May 18, 1941) is a Professor of Psychology at Rutgers University. He is an expert in the cognitive processes of learning and memory, using animal models to carry out research on these topics. Gallistel is married to fellow psychologist Rochel Gelman. Prior to joining the Rutgers faculty he held positions at the University of Pennsylvania, where he was chair of the psychology department and Bernard L. & Ida E. Grossman Term Professor, and at the University of California, Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20803077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803077" title="Ernie Toshack with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948">
Ernie Toshack with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948

Ernie Toshack was a member of Donald Bradman's famous Australian cricket team, which toured England in 1948 and was undefeated in their 34 matches. This unprecedented feat by a Test side touring England earned Bradman's men the sobriquet "The Invincibles".
A left-arm medium-pace seam bowler, Toshack was a member of the first-choice team, and played in the first four Test matches before succumbing to a persistent knee injury. Toshack contained the English batsmen with leg theory in between the new ball bursts of Keith Miller and Ray Lindwall. He took 11 wickets in the Tests; his most notable performance was the 5/40 he took in the second innings of the Second Test at Lord's. However, his knee failed in the first innings of the Fourth Test when he took 1/112. He was unable to bowl in the second innings and missed the Fifth Test, marking the end of his Test career.
For the entire tour, Toshack took 50 first-class wickets at a bowling average of 21.12 with four five-wicket innings hauls, including a best of 7/81 against Yorkshire at Bramall Lane. He also took 6/51 in the first innings of the match against the Marylebone Cricket Club, who were almost entirely represented by English Test cricketers, playing a key part in an innings victory. With little batting ability, Toshack usually batted last in Australia's line-up and scored 78 runs at a batting average of 8.66, the worst first-class aggregate and average among the tourists. However, in the Tests, he was dismissed only once and averaged 51.00 with a series of tail-wagging performances, including his career best of 20 not out.
Background.
A left-arm medium-pacer, Toshack made his first-class cricket debut in the 1945–46 upon the resumption of cricket after World War II. His performances were enough to ensure his selection for the tour of New Zealand in early-1946, where Toshack made his Test debut in the one-off match against the hosts' national team. From then on, Toshack was a regular member of the national team and played in every Test over the next two summers, fitness permitting. Toshack played in eight of the 11 Tests during this period, taking 36 wickets. Towards the end of the Test series against India in 1947–48 in Australia, knee injuries began to hamper Toshack, and he was in doubt for the 1948 tour of England. He only made the trip after a 3–2 majority vote by a medical panel, despite being one of the first players chosen by the selectors on cricketing merit. Two Melbourne doctors ruled him unfit, but three specialists from his home state of New South Wales presented a more optimistic outlook; this allowed him to tour. As a member of Bradman's "Invincibles", the tour was to immortalise him in cricketing history. He grew tired of signing autographs during the sea voyage to England, and entrusted a friend with the task. However, his friend was unaware of the correct spelling of his name; as a result, there are still sheets in circulation signed "Toshak". The team manager Keith Johnson gave Toshack a talking to over this incident.
Early tour matches.
Australia traditionally fielded its first-choice team in the tour opener, which was customarily against Worcestershire. Toshack was included, reinforcing the new ball attack of Lindwall and Miller and the off spin and leg spin of Ian Johnson and Colin McCool respectively. Australia bowled first, and Toshack took two quick wickets to reduce the hosts to 3/158 after a 137-run second wicket partnership. Toshack ended with 2/39 as Australia dismissed Worcestershire for 233. He was not required to bat as Australia made 8/462 declared, and then took 1/40 in the second innings as the tourists started their campaign with an innings victory, setting the tone for the summer.
Toshack was then rested for the second tour match against Leicestershire, which Australia won by an innings. He then missed the next match against Yorkshire, as Australia came closest to losing a match on the tour, scraping home by four wickets on a damp wicket.
Toshack returned as the Australians travelled to London to play Surrey at The Oval, and he had his first outing with the bat on English soil, coming in last and scoring eight to help wicket-keeper Don Tallon add 33 for the final wicket before Australia were bowled out for 632. Toshack bowled without success in the first innings and took one wicket in the second innings, that of Arthur McIntyre, to end with match figures of 1/54 as Surrey were defeated by an innings. Toshack then took 2/32 in the first innings against Cambridge University, and did not bat as Australia declared at 4/414. He then took 0/9 from eight overs in the second innings, as Australia completed another innings victory. He then played in the match against Essex where Australia made 721 runs on the first day to set a new world record for the most runs scored in a day of first-class cricket. However, Toshack only contributed four runs batting at No. 11. In the first innings, Toshack took the last five wickets to fall, including the top-scorer Ray Smith for 25, ending with 5/31 from 10.5 overs as the hosts capitulated for 83, unable to cope with his swing. Australia enforced the follow on and Toshack took a further 2/50 in the second innings as Australia won by an innings and 451 runs, the largest margin of the tour. He then faced Oxford University, scoring two runs in Australia's 431. Toshack then took three lower order wickets in the first innings to end with 3/34 from 22 overs, sending down more overs than any other Australian. He took 3/37 in the second innings as Australia completed another innings victory after enforcing the follow on. The Oxford batsmen had trouble with the seam movement of Toshack.
Toshack was retained for the match against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's. The MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Tests, and were basically a full strength Test team, while Australia fielded their first-choice team. It was a chance to gain a psychological advantage, with Len Hutton, Denis Compton and Bill Edrich, three of England's first four batsmen in the Tests, all playing. Toshack was the last man in and made two, accompanying Lindwall in a 20-run final wicket stand as Australia totalled 552.
After the MCC had reached 2/91, Toshack broke through the middle order. He had Compton caught behind by Don Tallon for 26, before trapping the incoming batsman Martin Donnelly—a New Zealand Test player—leg before wicket for five, and then having Hutton caught by vice-captain Lindsay Hassett for 52 a run later, leaving the hosts at 5/104. After the hosts recovered to 6/148, Toshack removed Test all rounder Ken Cranston, Test wicket-keeper Billy Griffith and spinner Jack Young to leave the MCC at 9/166. The MCC were eventually dismissed for 189, conceding a first innings lead of 363 runs. Toshack had taken 6/51 from 27 overs, and Bradman only allowed him four overs of rest. The Australian captain opted to enforce the follow on and allowed Toshack a lighter load in the second innings, bowling 15 overs and taking 1/43. He removed Edrich as the MCC fell for 205 in 60.2 overs to lose by an innings and 158 runs. Toshack had sent down the most overs by any Australian bowler in both innings. Bradman regarded Toshack's first innings performance as his best of the tour. Toshack again focused on the leg stump, which some English observers decried as being negative. However, former Australian Test batsman Jack Fingleton said that Toshack's line was close enough to leg stump that most balls had to be played.
In the next match against Lancashire, Toshack made four in Australia's 204, before claiming both openers after they had put on 48, including Test batsman Cyril Washbrook. Toshack ended with 2/40 as the match ended in a draw after the first day was washed out. It was Australia's first non-victory of the tour. After six consecutive matches in the space of 21 days, Toshack was rested for the next two matches against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge and Hampshire; the matches ended in a draw and an eight-wicket Australian win respectively.
Toshack returned for the final county match against Sussex before the First Test. He did not take a wicket but pinned down the local batsmen as Lindwall blasted them out with match figures of 11/59. Eight of Lindwall's victims had their stumps knocked over. Toshack bowled 15 overs for 23 runs in the first innings as the hosts were skittled for 86. He did not bat as Australia made 5/549 and then returned in the second innings for 17 overs that yielded only three scoring shots for a total of six runs. He finished the match with a total of 0/29 from 32 overs.
First Test.
Toshack's performance in the First Test at Trent Bridge was a quiet one, taking a single wicket in each innings. England won the toss and elected to bat. Toshack trapped the home captain Norman Yardley leg before wicket with a ball that straightened after pitching, ending with 1/28 as England were bowled out for 165. Toshack then came to the wicket at 9/476 and was involved in an aggressive final wicket partnership of 33 with Johnston, scoring 19 runs—his best at Test level to date—in just 18 minutes, batting in a carefree and freewheeling manner, before falling lbw to Alec Bedser, ending Australia's innings on 509 with a 344-run lead.
During the second innings, Bradman thought that rain might come so he utilised Toshack to bowl defensive leg theory. He did so to slow the scoring so that England would not have a lead by the time the rain came to create a sticky wicket, otherwise Australia would have been forced to chase a target on a difficult pitch with irregular bounce and pace. As the umpires were obliged to not call off play unless the light was so poor as endanger the batsman, the lack of pace of Johnson and Toshack forced proceedings to continue as they posed no injury threat to the batsmen. Early on the fourth morning, Toshack were able to make the ball deviate regularly while bowling to Hutton and Denis Compton, but Bradman opted to have Miller take the new ball in the fifth over of the day as soon as it was available, taking Toshack off. Later, Toshack was used defensively while Miller attacked from the other end. Bradman's response to a boundary being hit from Toshack was to further stack the leg side with fielders in defensive positions, and scoring was slow as Toshack bowled accurately. Toshack took the wicket of Joe Hardstaff junior for 43, who holed out to Hassett on the leg side, having supported Denis Compton in a partnership of 93. The ball looped up in the air and travelled half-way to the square leg boundary, but Hassett managed to keep track of its trajectory through the fog. Toshack ended with 1/60 from 33 overs as Australia were one bowler short after an injury to Lindwall had prevented him from bowling since the first afternoon. England were bowled out for 441 and Australia reached the target of 98 with eight wickets in hand.
Toshack was rested for the first tour match after the First Test against Northamptonshire, which Australia won by an innings. He returned against Yorkshire at Bramall Lane, Sheffield, making four as Australia batted first and scored 249. He then recorded the best innings analysis of his first-class career, taking 7/81 from 40 consecutive overs, bemusing the Yorkshire spectators with his Australian accent and distinctive "Ow Wizz Ee" appealing. He removed both openers, including Hutton, and then bowled Yorkshire and England captain Norman Yardley to leave the hosts at 3/107. After Yorkshire reached 4/149, Toshack took four more wickets as the hosts collapsed to be all out for 206. Wicket-keeper Ron Saggers stood up to the wickets and stumped Ted Lester before Toshack removed three lower-order batsmen. Toshack did not bat or bowl again as the match petered into a draw. Bradman decided to bat until late on the third afternoon and secure a draw instead of pressing for a win; Yorkshire only batted for 27 overs in their second innings and the crowd booed Bradman for not pursuing a victory. With the match safe, Bradman elected to rely mainly on his second-choice bowlers to conserve his frontline bowlers' energy for the next Test.
Second Test.
Australia won the toss and batted first in the Second Test at Lord's. They were on the back foot at 7/258 at stumps on the first day. On the second morning, the Australian lower order counter-attacked; Toshack joined Johnston with the score at 9/320 and they put on 30 runs before Johnston was stumped. Australia regained the momentum, adding 92 runs in 66 minutes of hitting in the morning. One sequence of two overs from Edrich was taken for 28 runs, with many balls unintentionally spooned over the slips or the covers. Both players swung wildly at the ball, which often went in vastly different directions to where they had aimed their shots. Both made new Test best scores; Toshack scored 20 not out. Both Johnston and Toshack—not known for their batting ability—played without inhibitions, joyfully revelling in their luck. England were then bowled out for 215. Toshack was wicketless, but was the most economical of the bowlers, conceding only 23 runs from his 18 overs. Toshack operated after the first new ball was taken, and as England had fallen to 4/46, they played him cautiously in an attempt to rebuild the innings. Australia then declared at 7/460 in their second innings with Toshack not required to bat, leaving England a target of 596.
England progressed to 1/52 in their run-chase before a double strike by Toshack. Edrich and Washbrook fell in quick succession to leave England at 3/65. Edrich edged to Johnson low down in the slips and Tallon took a difficult catch to remove Washbrook. Edrich decided to stand his ground after the catch was taken, thinking that he may have hit a bump ball into the ground before it flew to Johnson, but the umpire ruled otherwise and gave him out. Washbrook inside edged a Toshack full toss directly downwards at Tallon's ankle. Bradman described the catch as "miraculous" because Tallon had to reach so low, so quickly, in order to complete the catch. English commentator John Arlott speculated that Edrich and Washbrook may have lost concentration after Lindwall was replaced by Toshack, lulled into a false sense of security once Australia's leading bowler was no longer operating. England then recovered to be 3/106 at stumps on the fourth day.
Yardley and Tom Dollery took the score to 4/133 on the final morning before Toshack bowled the former for 11. He then trapped Alec Coxon two balls later in the same over for a duck, leaving England at 6/133. Coxon shuffled across his stumps and missed his first delivery, which hit him in front of the stumps and prompted a loud lbw appeal, and did the same thing to the next ball, and the umpire upheld the Australians' second appeal. During this spell, Toshack conceded only seven runs from eight overs, but was taken off as Bradman wanted to take the new ball and utilise Lindwall and Johnston. The match ended when Doug Wright hit Toshack to Lindwall and England were bowled out for 186, sealing a 409-run win for Australia. Toshack ended with 5/40 from 20.1 overs with Miller unable to bowl due to injury. During the second innings performance, Toshack employed two short legs and a silly mid-off. Arlott said that while Toshack had the best figures, Lindwall was the pivotal figure, at the latter "so patently disturbed Hutton he struck a blow at the morale of the English batting that was never overcome."
A match against Surrey started the day after the Second Test ended, but Bradman nevertheless asked Toshack to bowl 20 overs as Surrey batted first. He took 2/76 including opposition captain Errol Holmes. In reply to the hosts' 221, Toshack made one in Australia's total of 389. He then removed Arthur McIntyre and Eric Bedser in the second innings and ended with 2/29 as Australia won by ten wickets. Toshack was then rested after playing 12 days of cricket in two weeks, missing the innings victory over Gloucestershire.
Third Test.
Toshack had a moderately successful Third Test, in which England elected to bat first. England lost two early wickets, and when Toshack came on, Jack Crapp repeatedly defended a sequence of deliveries to Arthur Morris at silly point. As the hosts were in trouble, they played cautiously and Toshack's first five overs were all maidens. Crapp then hit Toshack to Sid Barnes at short leg, but the catch was dropped. However, Crapp did not capitalise as Toshack conceded only eight runs in a sequence of eight overs.
Halfway through the day, England fell to 5/119, and captain Yardley came in. He hit Toshack in the air, but Barnes was unable to complete the reflex catch at short leg. However, this error did not cost many runs. Yardley lofted Toshack into the on-side and the hands of Johnson at forward square leg to fall for 22 with the score at 6/141. Toshack's defensive bowling had caused the English skipper to lose patience and his departure for 22 left the score on 141/6. Toshack bowled Dick Pollard late in the innings to finish with 2/75 from 41 overs—including 20 maidens—as England ended with 363. Toshack was unbeaten on zero and was only at the crease for one minute as Australia replied with 221. In the second innings, Toshack removed Compton for a duck, caught in the slips by Miller, and ended with 1/26 as the rain-affected match ended in a draw. He also had Washbrook dropped in the slips cordon by Johnson, one of several times that the batsman was reprieved during the innings.
After bowling 53 overs in the Third Test, Toshack was rested for the match against Middlesex. It was the only tour match before the Fourth Test, and Australia won by ten wickets.
Fourth Test.
Toshack's knee injury flared again in the Fourth Test at Headingley after England elected to bat. On the first morning, England opener Len Hutton edged Toshack through the slips and was then dropped on 25. Hutton eventually reached 81 as the opening pair put on 168. Toshack was wicketless as the hosts closed the first day at 2/268. The following morning, he was removed from the attack after night-watchman Bedser hit him for three consecutive fours. After the lunch break, Toshack bowled Jack Crapp with an inside-edged half volley for five to leave England at 5/447. Toshack ended with an ineffective 1/112 from 35 overs as England made 496. He was the most expensive and uneconomical of the frontline bowlers and it was his most uneconomical performance in the Tests. He aggravated his knee injury and was later taken to London for cartilage surgery, ending his bowling duties for the match and his Test career.
Late on the third day, Toshack was part of a rearguard Australian action that minimised England's first innings lead. He came to the crease at 9/403 to accompany Lindwall, featuring in a 55-run stand and lasting the final 50 minutes until stumps, with Johnston running for him. Australia were 9/457 at stumps, with Lindwall on 76 and Toshack on 12. Lindwall farmed the strike by trying to hit boundaries and twos during the over, but Yardley did not resort to the tactic of setting a deep field to yield a single to Lindwall to get Toshack on strike. Despite Toshack and Johnston's lack of familiarity with having and acting as a runner respectively, and the resulting disorders in running between the wickets, Lindwall was able to manipulate the strike so that he faced most of the balls. On the next morning of play, Toshack did not add to his score before Lindwall was dismissed and Australia ended at 458 in the third over of the day, leaving the tourists 38 runs in arrears on the first innings. Toshack did not bowl in the second innings as England made 8/365 and set Australia a target of 404 for victory on the last day. Australia achieved the runs with seven wickets in hand, setting a new world record for the highest successful run-chase in Tests.
After the injury at Headingley, Toshack was out of action for two weeks, missing the matches against Derbyshire, Glamorgan and Warwickshire. These fixtures ended in an innings victory, a rain-affected draw and a nine-wicket win respectively. He returned against Lancashire and scored two in Australia's 321. He then bowled seven overs in the first innings, taking 0/17. He aggravated his injury and did not bowl in the second innings and did not play again for the tour. As a result, Toshack missed the last Test and eight further tour matches, three of which were not first-class. Australia won the Fifth Test by an innings in Toshack's absence to win the series 4–0, and proceeded through the remaining tour matches undefeated.
Role.
A left-arm medium-pace seamer, Toshack was a member of Bradman's first-choice team and he played in the first four Tests before being struck down by a persistent knee injury. Toshack contained the English batsmen using leg theory in between the new ball bursts of Miller and Lindwall, usually bowling second change after Miller, Lindwall and Johnston. The English press decried Toshack's style of bowling as negative, but Jack Fingleton said that "he is generally so close to the stumps that nearly every ball has to be played".
During the Tests, Toshack took 11 wickets at 33.09; his most notable performance was his 5/40 in the second innings of the Second Test at Lord's. Of the four frontline pacemen, Toshack had the second best economy rate, although with his leg stump bowling, he also had a strike rate of 94.45, while the other three fast bowlers all had strike rates below 70. It was a similar tale in the first-class statistics, with the second best economy among the seven frontline bowlers, but the worst strike rate. For the entire tour, Toshack took 50 wickets at 21.12 with four five-wicket innings hauls, including a best of 7/81 against Yorkshire at Bramall Lane. He also took 6/51 in the first innings of the match against the Marylebone Cricket Club, which was almost entirely represented by English Test cricketers. Toshack took two catches on tour, none of them in the Tests.
An inept batsman with an average of 5.78 in his first-class career, Toshack managed a Test average of 51.00 on the 1948 tour after being dismissed only once, behind only Arthur Morris, Sid Barnes, Bradman and Neil Harvey. The unbeaten 20 he managed in the Lord's Test was his best first-class score, made in a freewheeling tenth-wicket stand with Johnston.
During the tour, Toshack had few opportunities with the bat, invariably being placed at either No. 10 and No. 11 in the order alongside Johnston, another tailender with little batting ability.N- Neither player ever passed 30 in their career, and they were the only two players who failed to make a half-century during the tour. As Australia's other specialist bowlers were Lindwall, McCool, Johnson and Doug Ring, all of whom made centuries and more than 18 fifties each during their first-class career, Toshack and Johnston were invariably rooted at the bottom of the order. As Australia often won by an innings, and declared in the first innings many times due to their batting strength, Toshack only had 12 innings in his 15 first-class fixtures, never batted in the second innings, and scored 78 runs at 8.66. Of the 78 runs, 51 came from four Test innings in Toshack's four Tests.
Due to the fragility of his knee, Toshack was used sparingly in the tour games, playing in only 11 of the 29 non-Test matches on the tour, the least of any player. Toshack was unable to play in the last nine matches of the tour, having injured himself in the second match against Lancashire.
Notes.
Statistical note.
n-
This statement can be verified by consulting all of the scorecards for the matches, as listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="20803088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803088" title="Master Chef">
Master Chef

Master Chef, is a food brand under Tee Yih Jia Food Manufacturing Pte Ltd, the world leading manufacturer of spring roll pastry, located in Singapore. It was created as a brand for its crepe pastry, distinct from its Asian/oriental range of frozen food products under the “Spring Home” and “Happy Belly” brands.
Product Range.
The “Master Chef” brand is used by Tee Yih Jia to market the following frozen ready-to-eat convenience food:
Certifications.
Spring Home products are accredited with the following certifications:

</doc>
<doc id="20803090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803090" title="Pacific Northwest cuisine">
Pacific Northwest cuisine

Pacific Northwest cuisine is a North American cuisine of the states of Oregon, Washington and Alaska, as well as British Columbia and the southern Yukon. The cuisine reflects the ethnic makeup of the region, with noticeable influence from Asian and Native American traditions. 
Seattle's Pike Place Market is notable regarding this culinary style, along with Portland and Vancouver. Former restaurant critic of "The New York Times "Frank Bruni wrote of Seattle in June 2011, "I'm hard-pressed to think of another corner or patch of the United States where the locavore sensibilities of the moment are on such florid (and often sweetly funny) display, or where they pay richer dividends, at least if you're a lover of fish."
Foods and dishes.
Common ingredients in the cuisine include salmon, shellfish, and other fresh seafood, game meats such as moose, elk, or caribou, mushrooms, berries, small fruits, potatoes, kale, and wild plants such as fiddleheads or even young pushki. Smoking fish or grilling seafood on cedar planks are techniques often used in this cuisine. Since the 1980s, Northwest cuisine has begun to emphasize the use of locally produced craft beer and wine. There is generally an emphasis on fresh ingredients, simply prepared, but unlike other cuisine styles, there are various recipes for each dish, with none of them considered more or less correct than the others. This has led some food writers to question whether it truly is a "cuisine" in the traditional sense of the word.
One famous Canadian dish that originated in the Pacific Northwest is the Nanaimo bar.
Oregon Food Cart Fusion.
In larger cities such as Portland, Eugene and Salem food carts with various ethnic fusion cuisine such as bulgogi burritos, deep fried sushi rolls and "Japanese-style" hot dogs are popular.

</doc>
<doc id="20803093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803093" title="Ingestre">
Ingestre

Ingestre is a village and former civil parish in Staffordshire, England. It is four miles to the north-east of the county town of Stafford.
Ingestre Hall is a local landmark.
It was formerly served by both Weston and Ingestre railway station and Ingestre railway station.
The village, and former civil parish, of Tixall is nearby. The civil parishes of Tixall and Ingestre were merged into a single parish of Ingestre with Tixall in 1979.
Ingestre church.
Ingestre parish church of St Mary the Virgin, is positioned very close by "near the SE corner of the Hall, a small handsome fabric in the Grecian style, built in 1676, by Walter Chetwynd, Esq, at a short distance from the old one, which was taken down, after the bones and memorials of the dead had been removed from it to the new edifice."
William White, "History, Gazetteer and Directory of Staffordshire," Sheffield, 1851 
The church is widely reputed to have been designed by Sir Christopher Wren, and is "the only church outside London to be attributed to Sir Christopher Wren." This notion is strengthened when we consider that "Walter Chetwynd was a friend of Sir Christopher Wren and both were members of the Royal Society."
"A drawing by Wren annotated 'Mr Chetwynd's Tower' exists...Wren worked almost exclusively for the King...but in the case of St Mary('s Church, Ingestre) the exquisite quality speaks unequivocally."
"Ingestre (Staffs). Dating from the rebuilding of the church in 1676. The screen including the Royal Arms was designed by Wren. In his own words: "an elegant skreen of Flanders Oak garnisht with the Kings Armes". See Our Christian Heritage by Warwick Rodwell and James Bentley (London, 1984), pp. 207–8."
"Dr. Palliser, perhaps over-defensively at times, correctly asserts that Staffordshire has much to offer in its own right - some fine medieval parish churches, such as Clifton Campville (near Lichfield), a notable group of Gothic survival churches, Wren’s Ingestre, Broughton Hall, Staffordshire and much of first importance from the post industrial period of the county’s history."
"The church of St Mary the Virgin in Ingestre, has the distinction of being the sole Wren church outside London. Although the stone is duller than the city churches, the building that stands next to Ingestre's Carolean hall is recognisably of the same design (particularly to St Mary Somerset). The interior is decorated with plaster carvings, Grinling Gibbons woodwork and Burne-Jones stained glass, showing blood dripping from a pelican onto Adam and Eve, who bear crimson halos and wings. Unusually, the marble monuments have been painted and gilded."
The church was consecrated in August 1677 with a full day of services with "the Bishop baptizing a child, churching a woman, joining a couple in matrimony and burying another, all on the same day...the idea was to emphasize that this was a Parish Church, and not a private Chapel for the Chetwynd family."
The Ingestre Festival.
In 1957 and 1958 the Earl of Shrewsbury held a Festival of Opera at Ingestre Hall, with the ambition of turning it into a 'centre of music'.
In 2009 a modern Ingestre Festival was held in the grounds of Ingestre Hall, with guided tours of the Hall and an old car rally. 
The next Ingestre Festival will be held In 2013. Dates confirmed for Summer Festival 29th and 30th June 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20803098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803098" title="The Love Collection">
The Love Collection

The Love Collection is a compilation of love songs by American singer/songwriter/producer Dionne Warwick. The album was released by Legacy/WSM in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20803111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803111" title="Calochortus panamintensis">
Calochortus panamintensis

Calochortus panamintensis is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Panamint mariposa lily. It is endemic to Inyo County, California, where it is known only from the Panamint Range near Death Valley. Its range may technically extend just into Nevada. It is a perennial herb producing an unbranching stem 40 to 60 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is 10 to 20 centimeters long and withers by flowering, and there may be smaller leaves along the stem. The inflorescence bears 1 to 4 erect, bell-shaped flowers with three sepals and three petals each up to 4 centimeters long. The sepals may have dark spotting near the bases, and the white to pale purple flowers may have a red and yellow blotch at the base and green striping on the outer surfaces. The fruit is a narrow capsule about 7 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20803129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803129" title="Public Works Department (Victoria)">
Public Works Department (Victoria)

The Public Works Department was a government agency which operated in Victoria between 1855 and 1987. 
Over its long history, the department had various responsibilities, many of which were later devolved to other departments or authorities. These included:
The department was abolished in 1987, with all major functions taken up by the newly created Ministry of Housing and Construction (Victoria).

</doc>
<doc id="20803135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803135" title="Condomman.com">
Condomman.com

CondomMan.com is an online retailer of condoms and healthcare products headquartered in Valencia, California. Its web operations were launched in 2002. The website distributes over 10 million condoms yearly to customers, non-profit organizations, and wholesale distributors.
Since its inception in 2002, the company has actively engaged in various safe sex awareness campaigns. In addition to its commercial site, CondomMan.com maintains an active blog of safe sex educational material and a comprehensive compilation of research done on HIV and AIDS prevention and awareness.
In February 2007, the company gained a significant amount of press when it sent 2000 condoms to NFL quarterback Tom Brady, a week after he had announced that he had impregnated his ex-girlfriend, actress Bridget Moynahan. Tom Brady was dating model Gisele Bündchen at the time.
CondomMan.com is wholly owned by Green Web, Inc., a private corporation which distributes health and beauty products to retailers worldwide. Green Web, Inc. is headquartered at 28526 Constellation Road; Valencia, CA 91355; (661) 295-1245. Its customer service centers are also located in Valencia, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="20803158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803158" title="Breeching">
Breeching

Breeching (also britching) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20803177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803177" title="Sovodenj">
Sovodenj

Sovodenj is a village in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies at the confluence of four streams: the Javorščica, Podosojnica, Podjelovščica, and Zakoparska Grapa. At Sovodenj these form the Hobovščica, a tributary of the Poljane Sora River.

</doc>
<doc id="20803180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803180" title="Game Xtreme 5">
Game Xtreme 5

Game Xtreme 5 or GX5 is a television show which is aired on Okto on December 21, 2008.
What is GX5.
GX5 revolves around 5 teens who were invited to play the new game "Game Xtreme" and unwittingly get themselves trapped inside it. As they try to find ways and means to get out from their predicament, they realise that there’s a strong opposing force who’s trying to keep them in it and he’s none other than the Evil Lord of Game Xtreme, Evil G, and his sidekick Spam. They managed to get out of the game not knowing that they still retained their powers and their superhero adventures have only just begun.
Main characters.
Claire Matthews.
Claire is a 16-year-old girl. She is played by Kim Wakerman. Although fashion-conscious and vain, Claire is actually contrary to the bimbo she appears to be. She is not only fashionable but also witty and comes up with the best ideas in the group without much effort. She’s brought up in an environment where she's often pampered and thus–finds herself often in the center of attention: so she exhibits drama queen type personality. However, her obsession with looking picture-perfect is often a hindrance to the group’s mission. Not only that, her strong opinions often sets off rant and rave sessions with Ryan. Catchphrase often used: “Oh my goodness!”
Superpower: Invisibility
Somehow as if it was the exact opposite of her personality, the super power which she discovered she had after returning to the real world from the virtual gameworld is, surprisingly, invisibility. But as she’ll discover: she can only utilise this superpower when she holds her breath. As such navigating her way around while staying invisible will be a bit of a challenge.
Ryan Tan.
Ryan is 17 year-old played by Lenny Ross. An ardent gamer, Ryan is quite an irresponsible and lazy punk who spends too much time at gaming shops and too little time in school. Opinionated, Ryan is also often strong headed about many things in his perspective and as such often quarrels with the other vocal people around him with strong personalities. In part, this is due to his American accent while spending his younger years growing up in Los Angeles, before finally settling in Singapore. At times, he can be arrogant, sarcastic and playful, but this gradually changes as he learns from life lessons and becomes more responsible and accountable as being the eldest of the group.
Super Power: Shape Shifting
Probably one of the most unique super powers of the group, Ryan is able to use this super power under intense concentration to shape shift to another person or object. But he must first be able to touch the person or object that he wants to the shape shift into. Although he can voluntarily change back to himself, he will involuntarily change back anytime should anyone in GX5 call out his name.
Wong Zhen Kai.
Zhen Kai is 10 years old. He is short and small-built and life of the party. He is played by Yap Zheng Yan. As the “baby” of the group, Zhen Kai is adored by the others. Because of his age, he’s usually ignorant about things around him and hence is often jovial, trusting and innocent. This leads to his fun-loving ‘live wire’ nature. He also has a talent for wushu and it certainly comes in handy during GX5 fights. Not known by many, Zhen Kai’s parents are also similarly jovial and fun-loving. Quite a fan of electronic games as well, Zhen Kai also likes typical fighting games and sometimes mimics the actions and moves. His innocence makes him lovable, even when he sometimes asks questions at the wrong time and under the wrong circumstances, whereas his over-optimistic nature sometimes gets on the nerve of others. The catchphrase he often uses is: “Nice!”
Super Power: Electric Bolts
As an extension to his behaviour of being a livewire, Zhen Kai is able to shoot short-ranged electric bolts within visible distance–and hence is often a favourite among the others when it comes down to battles against the minions.
Chen Shu Yi.
Shu Yi a 14-year-old athletic played by Ng Meizhi. She is a gymnast. A helpful and caring girl by nature, Shu Yi is the “mother” of the group and makes sure everyone, especially Zhen Kai, is well taken care of. Pretty much an overachiever, she also often acts as the law-abiding/peacemaker during quarrels. She usually tries to correct other people’s English which sometimes results in her being too helpful.
Super Power: Freeze
Shu Yi's superpower is freezing objects but she can only freeze one object or person and she must have it to be in her view for it to remain frozen.
Ridzwan Ali.
Ridzwan is a 14-year-old, skinny and bespectacled geek played by Mohd Firdaus. The most academic of the group, Ridzwan has topped every class he was in since Primary 1. He reads extensively, even for leisure. He also gains his vast general knowledge online which is quite impressive and useful in their adventures. Because of this, he’s often found in the library. Ridzwan's life has always been quite a private one and as such, not very street smart or savvy. He’s also very proficient with the computer and has always been known to spew many technical abbreviations in place of words in his speech. Due of his non out-going nature, he is a relatively quiet boy and was even bullied by Ryan and his friends in the past.
Villains.
Evil G.
Evil G is the villain played by Stuart Lightheart. Evil G is the classic villain that laughs with his signature evil laughter and threatens with his signature evil loud rants. Originally programmed to be the all-out baddie in Game Xtreme, the virtual gameworld, his role is simply to prevent all players in the game from escaping and he does this with his signature laughter and threats. Being stuck in the virtual gameworld and residing in his Evil room where he operates mainly from. When he’s out in the real world, his role would then be to get them back into the gameworld. Evil G has no self-consciousness and no self-identity. His goal is just to get kids back into game. In contrast, in all seriousness, he is very different from Spam. His catchphrases are "I’ll pull your plug!", "Wait till I erase your hard disk!" and "It’s be game over for you!"
Spam.
Spam is Evil G's sidekick played by Wai Kit. As a very one-dimensional character, Spam the sidekick does not have much of either a background or a character except to eagerly follow the orders of his evil master, Evil G. His strength lies in his relentless execution of tasks assigned in an effort to please Evil G, even if it’s beyond his means. He will try all sorts of ways to achieve it, and sometimes to extremely comical results. Spam has no self-consciousness and no self-identity. His goal is just to get kids back into game. He and Evil G communicate via a suspended visual/image. Often the catalyst of trouble, Spam is continually looking to create chaos.

</doc>
<doc id="20803188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803188" title="Aaron Dwight Stevens">
Aaron Dwight Stevens

Aaron Dwight Stevens (March 15, 1831 - March 16, 1860) was an American abolitionist and chief military aide to John Brown during Brown's failed raid on Harpers Ferry, Virginia. For his role in the raid, Stevens was executed in 1860 at the age of 29.
Life.
Born in Lisbon, New London County, Connecticut, March 15, 1831, Stevens ran away from home at the age of sixteen, in 1847, and enlisted in Cushing's Massachusetts regiment of volunteers, in which he served in Mexico during the Mexican War. Later, he enlisted in Company F of the First United States Dragoons, and was tried for "mutiny, engaging in a drunken riot, and assaulting Major George A. H. Blake" of the 1st U.S. Dragoons at Taos, New Mexico, on March 8, 1855. According to testimony offered at a court of inquiry, the assault on Major Blake was precipitated by Stevens's outrage over Blake's continuous abuse of enlisted soldiers. Stevens and three other mutineers were sentenced to death, but these sentences were commuted by President Pierce to imprisonment for three years at hard labor at Fort Leavenworth, from which post he escaped and joined the Free State forces. In these he became colonel of the Second Kansas Militia, under the name of Whipple. He became Colonel of the 2nd Kansas Militia and met Brown on August 7, 1856 at the Nebraska line when Lane’s Army of the North marched into “Bleeding Kansas.” He later became one of Brown's bravest and most devoted followers.
While serving under Brown in Kansas, Stevens shot and killed a slave owner named David Cruise while attempting to free a female slave. According to Stevens's own account, while entering the home, Stevens saw Cruise reaching for a weapon and shot him dead. In subsequent years, Stevens freely admitted the killing but disliked talking about it. "You might call it a case of self-defense," he recounted, "or you might say that I had no business in there, and that the old man was right." 
Raid on Harper's Ferry.
In 1859, Stevens participated in John Brown's raid on Harper's Ferry, Virginia. According to the memoir of fellow raider Osborne Anderson, Stevens drilled Brown's men in military tactics and held "the active military position in the organization second to Captain Brown." He was eventually trapped with Brown and several other raiders in the town engine house, during which time he argued heatedly with Brown over how to proceed tactically. Stevens suggested that the raiders flee while using slave-owning hostages as body shields; Brown, however, overruled Stevens and insisted that they remain inside the engine house. When Brown sent him outside along with his son Watson Brown to negotiate under a flag of truce, Stevens was shot four times and was captured by militia members. At first his captors could locate no pulse or heartbeat, yet Stevens remained awake and lucid. According to an eyewitness, when asked at this time if there was "anyone dear to him," Stevens responded "All those who are good are dear to me."
George H. Hoyt, Brown's counsel, in a letter to J. W. Le Barnes, October 31, 1859, thus recorded his first impression of Stevens: 
"Stevens is in the same cell with Brown. I have frequent talks with him. He's in a most pitiable condition physically, his wounds being of the most painful and dangerous character. He has now four balls in his body, two of these being about the head and neck. He bears his sufferings with grim and silent fortitude, never complaining and absolutely without hope. He is a splendid looking young fellow. Such black and penetrating eyes! Such an expansive brow! Such a grand chest and limbs! He was the best, and in fact the only man Brown had who was a good soldier besides being reliable otherwise." 
Following the raid of Harper's Ferry, Stevens admitted, in a deathbed confession, to the 1858 killing of slave owner David Cruise. During his imprisonment, he never wavered from his conviction that the Harpers Ferry raid was just, writing,
"I do not feel guilty in the least, for I know, if I know, anything, that there was no evil intention in my heart. I thought I should be able to do more good for the world in this way than I could do in any other. I may have erred as to the best way, but I think every thing will turn out for the best in the end. 
I do not expect to be tried until next Spring, when I expect I shall be hung, as I think all the rest will. Slavery demands that we should hang for its protection, and we will meet it willingly, knowing that God is Just, and is over all.
There seems to be no mercy for those who are willing to help those who have none to help them.
My heart feels like bleeding to think how many thousands are worse off in this land than I am now. Oh, that I could see this country free, I would give a thousand lives if I had them to give." 
For his part in Brown's raid, Stevens was convicted of treason and conspiring with slaves, and was executed on March 16, 1860, in Charlestown, Virginia, one day after his 29th birthday. His last words to Brown were "Captain Brown, I'll see you in a better land."
George B. Gill wrote of him in 1860: 
"Stevens--how gloriously he sang! His was the noblest soul I ever knew. Though owing to his rash, hasty way, I often found occasion to quarrel with him more so than with any of the others, and though I liked Kagi better than any man I ever knew, our temperaments being adapted to each other, yet I can truly say that Stevens was the most noble man that I ever knew."

</doc>
<doc id="20803205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803205" title="San Luis Pass (disambiguation)">
San Luis Pass (disambiguation)

San Luis Pass may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20803229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803229" title="Education Valley">
Education Valley

Education Valley is a school in Ali Town near Abul Hassan Isphahani Road, Karachi. The complex includes nursery, infant and high schools. In the evenings it is used for higher education. 

</doc>
<doc id="20803241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803241" title="Victor Valley Transit Authority">
Victor Valley Transit Authority

Victor Valley Transit Authority (VVTA), the second largest transit operator in San Bernardino County (with over 1,020,119 passengers a year), is a transit agency providing bus service in the Victor Valley, California area.
Origins of the VVTA.
VVTA operates local fixed-route, county commuter (discontinued in 2005), and ADA complementary paratransit bus
services in the Victor Valley area. It has a maintenance facility located in Hesperia. The service
structure consists of 23 local fixed and deviated routes, 3 County routes and ADA complementary paratransit service. 
VVTA was established through a Joint Powers Authority in 1991. The JPA includes the four
cities of Adelanto, Apple Valley, Hesperia and Victorville and certain unincorporated
portions of the County of San Bernardino including Oro Grande, Helendale, Lucerne Valley, Phelan, Pinon Hills, Wrightwood. Service is also provided to Barstow and Fort Irwin. The Fort Irwin service is branded as the NTC Commuter. The Board of Directors includes council members from the above cities and the San Bernardino 1st 
District Supervisor. Since 1998, the Board has held a management contract with McDonald Transit Associates, Inc. 
for administration of the syatem. In January 2005 the operations contract for all
transit service in the Victor Valley area was consolidated under a separate contract with ATC
(now Veoila).
Routes.
VVTA routes are grouped into two different categories: Deviated routes, and County routes.Deviated routes serve a pre-determined route and stops, but can deviate as far as 3/4 mile off that route to pick up passengers with advanced reservation. County routes are similar to Deviated routes, but they serve outlying rural areas and charge a higher fare. County routes do not charge a deviation fee for deviated trips to designated locations within outlying communities.
Fares.
Passengers who require a deviation on either Deviated or County routes must pay a service charge:
Since no regularly scheduled service stops in either Piñon Hills or Wrightwood, there is no additional charge for trips to the Piñon Hills Post Office or the Piñon Hills or Wrightwood Community Centers.
VVTA also provides Direct Access Dial-A-Ride service to persons with disabilities. The fares are charged on a zone basis as follows:
Fleet.
The VVTA operates 99 active and spare buses in its system as of June 2012. 
Governance.
Victor Valley Transit Authority is administered by a Board of Directors, made up five Members (each with an alternate). The four board members from the cities are elected council persons assigned to VVTA by their respective city councils. The fifth Board member is the San Bernardino 1st District Supervisor (generally a staff person or the supervisor represents the County as the alternate). The Board is required under the JPA Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)to meet at least one time each quarter of each fiscal year. Board meetings are generally held every month . All meetings are held in compliance with the Ralph M. Brown Act. Board meetings are presided by the Board-appointed Chair. The Board of Directors is responsible for such acts as adopting the budget, approving route and schedule changes, holding the yearly unmet needs hearings, public hearings as required, appointing the CEO/General Manager, appointing a technical advisory committee, establishing policy, and adopting rules and regulations for the conduct of business. The VVTA Technical Advisory (TAC) committee is the working group for the VVTA Board. It is composed of a staff member from each of the cities and County who is generally appointed by the City Manager, County Supervisor. The TAC takes direction from the Board to make recommendations on policy issues. In addition, TAC reviews monthly all suggested Board agenda items and decides on what actions to recommend to the Board for approval.
Website.
VVTA is also actively utilizing the web to improve its services to customers and the general public. Information about routes and schedules and new programs and press releases.
You can also track the buses live by clicking on "Where's My Bus" on the left side of the home page.

</doc>
<doc id="20803254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803254" title="List of beaches in Sonoma County, California">
List of beaches in Sonoma County, California

This is a list of beaches in Sonoma County, California. Numbers in parentheses are Geographic Names Information System feature ids.
Ocean beaches.
Coastal beaches, listed from north to south:

</doc>
<doc id="20803261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803261" title="Cavalry corps (Red Army)">
Cavalry corps (Red Army)

The cavalry corps () of the Workers and Peasant Red Army was a type of military formation that existed from the early days of the Russian Civil War until 1947 when the Red Army was renamed as the Soviet Army and all cavalry corps were disbanded.
The cavalry corps represented the foundation of large mobile formations in the Red Army, and most were converted to mechanised and motorised corps during the 1930s. However, due to severe loses in vehicles by the Red Army following the German invasion of USSR many more cavalry corps were raised. These corps initially included two cavalry divisions, two self-propelled artillery regiments and a signals battalion. During 1943 another cavalry division was added, and all divisions received a tank regiment.
Despite the name, for the most part the troops of the cavalry corps operated primarily as dismounted infantry, using their horses only to negotiate terrain that would prove difficult to motor vehicles, and conducting rapid raids into the rear of the enemy positions. 
During the Battle for Moscow the first Guards cavalry corps was created from the former 2nd Cavalry Corps, originally of the Odessa Military District, following the Battle of Kashira to prevent German envelopment of Moscow from the south.
In the Battle for Stalingrad, three cavalry corps, the 8th (including the 21st, 55th and 112th cavalry divisions), the 3rd Guards (including the 5th and 6th Guards and 32nd cavalry divisions) and the 4th Cavalry Corps (61st and 81st cavalry divisions) participated in the counter-offensive. These varied in strength between 22,500 and 10,200 personnel, and had from 18,000 to 9,000 horses. 
Between April 1942 and July 1942, the Red Army, suffering a shortage of horses, disbanded 41 cavalry divisions. The lack of horses was the deciding factor in the reduction in the cavalry units. 
During the Second World War the cavalry corps were used primarily as components of the Cavalry Mechanized Groups that were inserted into the breakthrough sector of the Front following an offensive, paired with either a tank corps or a mechanized corps, providing additional mobile infantry component that could escort tanks and support them against enemy anti-tank defences. Sometimes dismounted cavalrymen were used as tank desant to ensure closer cooperation between tanks and cavalry.
Corps and time of formation.
Disbandment dates are from Bonn, "Slaughterhouse."
In connection with the great vulnerability of cavalry from artillery fire, air strikes and tanks, the number of 1 September 1943 and was reduced to 8.
Guards Cavalry Corps ("Gv.kk").
In the second half of the 20th century the cavalry corps in the Soviet Army disbanded.
Composition.
At the beginning of the war, Red Army Cavalry Corps had 2-3 Cavalry (or mountain cavalry) divisions in each. In the corps was:
During the war the battle of the cavalry corps has been significantly strengthened, it began to enter:

</doc>
<doc id="20803275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803275" title="Srednja Vas–Poljane">
Srednja Vas–Poljane

Srednja Vas–Poljane () is a village on the right bank of the Poljane Sora River, halfway between Poljane and Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Srednja vas" to "Srednja vas-Poljane" in 1953.
Church.
The local church, built on a hill above the main settlement, is dedicated to the Holy Cross. It was built in the 1730s in the Baroque style. It used to be particularly well known for its processions during lent. The main altar dates to 1777.

</doc>
<doc id="20803306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803306" title="ADInstruments">
ADInstruments

ADInstruments is an international company that produces data acquisition and analysis systems for the life science industry. It is headquartered in Dunedin, New Zealand and has more than 170 staff worldwide. Voted a finalist in Kenexa/JRA Top 10 Best Place to work in 2009, 2010., 2011 and 2012, and voted number one place to work in the life sciences industry in 2012 by The Scientist Magazine. ADInstruments partners with several producers of life science equipment, including Transonic Systems Inc., Danish Myo Technology, Telemetry Research Ltd., Radnoti Glass Technologies Inc., Panlab s.I. and Millar Instruments Ltd. ADInstruments is also an Applied Science industry partner with the University of Otago (New Zealand)
History.
In 1985, the Physiology Department at New Zealand's University of Otago encouraged the development of a computer-based data acquisition system to replace their paper-based systems. In 1985, as part of his Computer Science Masters at the university, Michael Macknight built the MacLab, one of the first analog to digital converters that connected to a Macintosh computer.
Two software packages were then developed: Chart (chart-recorder software, now LabChart) and Scope (digital oscilloscope software), which provided software control of the recording unit as well as a range of display and analysis features:
Sponsorship.
The company provides grants, awards and sponsorship to students, researchers and educators in the life science industry:
Award nomination.
In 2008 the company was nominated for two Life Science Industry Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20803319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803319" title="Malcom Glenn">
Malcom Glenn

Malcom Glenn (born February 6, 1987 in Denver, Colorado) is a writer and political commentator and was the president of "The Harvard Crimson", the daily student newspaper of Harvard University, in 2008. He made national news as the first African American president of "The Crimson" in over a half-century.
Upon his election in November 2007, Glenn was featured in numerous publications, including "The Denver Post", "Essence Magazine", and "The New York Observer". His term as president ended at the conclusion of Harvard's fall semester in January 2009.
Personal background.
Glenn was born and raised in Denver, Colorado. He attended Thomas Jefferson High School, where he was editor-in-chief of the school newspaper, "The Jefferson Journal". Glenn graduated from high school in 2005 enrolled at Harvard College in the fall of that year.
He graduated from Harvard with a degree in history in June 2009.
Recent work.
Glenn currently works at an education advocacy organization in Washington, D.C.. He previously worked at a D.C.-based Democratic polling/strategic consulting firm, Greenberg Quinlan Rosner. Following college, he became a contributor to "The Huffington Post"'s Denver web site, writing about politics and local affairs.
He appeared in a number of publications and on television for his work related to both "The Crimson" and politics, particularly the youth vote. During the 2008 United States presidential campaign, Glenn covered the election for "The Crimson", as well as for a joint venture in conjunction with CBS News and "The Washington Post". During the 2008 Democratic National Convention in his native Denver, Glenn appeared on The CBS Early Show with host Harry Smith, and was also interviewed by CBS Evening News anchor Katie Couric during Couric’s nightly Convention Webcast.
During the fall general election campaign, Glenn made a number of television and speaking appearances throughout the country. He was a guest on the Al Jazeera English network’s "Inside Story", a news program that airs daily on the 24-hour channel. He was also a panelist at an event titled "Young, Black and Ready to Vote" in St. Louis, Missouri, sponsored by the Center for American Progress’s campus outreach group, Campus Progress, and held prior to the 2008 United States vice-presidential debate. In late October, he moderated a panel at Harvard about Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin featuring, among others, GOP media consultant and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos. In April 2009, when Obama for America campaign manager David Plouffe was a visiting fellow at the Harvard Institute of Politics, Glenn moderated a panel with Plouffe at the IOP's John F. Kennedy Forum.
Glenn has written for "The Denver Post" and "Sports Illustrated On Campus", and has been interviewed on Fox's local Boston television station, WFXT. In print, he has been interviewed by "Newsweek", Bloomberg, "The Christian Science Monitor", "The Washington Post", and "Condé Nast Portfolio."

</doc>
<doc id="20803322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803322" title="Deportivo Saprissa">
Deportivo Saprissa

Deportivo Saprissa SAD is a Costa Rican sports club, mostly known for its football team. The club is located in San Juan de Tibás, San José, and play their home games at the Estadio Ricardo Saprissa Aymá. The team's signature colours are purple (burgundy) and white. The club was founded in 1935 and has competed in the Costa Rican first division since 1949. The name of the team comes from one of the club's main founders, Ricardo Saprissa. Their main partner is a Costa Rican Investment Consortium named Horizonte Morado (Purple Horizon), composed mainly of Juan Carlos Rojas Callán, Edgar Zurcher, Alberto Raven Odio, and Televisora de Costa Rica.
One of the most popular nicknames for the team "El Monstruo Morado" ("The Purple Monster") can be traced back to 1987, when the Costa Rican newspaper "Diario Extra" gave the team the nickname during a derby, because of the club's enormous following. A reporter commented that the sea of fans in the stands at the Estadio Ricardo Saprissa Aymá in Tibás wearing purple, and the tremendous noise they were generating, made him feel like he was "in the presence of a thousand headed monster". Saprissa immediately adopted the nickname "El Monstruo Morado".
Saprissa is one of the most successful clubs in Costa Rica having won 29 Primera División de Costa Rica championships, including six consecutive national titles in the 70s. It stands as one the more successful teams in the CONCACAF region as well, having won the CONCACAF Champions' Cup three times - in 1993, 1995, and 2005. Saprissa has also won five Central American crowns in 1972, 1973, 1978, 1998, and 2003.
For the period 1 September 2007 to 31 August 2008 the club was ranked the 106th best team in the world by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics, an organization recognized by FIFA.
Saprissa has regularly appeared in the CONCACAF Champions Cup finals in recent decades, with three first place finishes and four runners-up finishes. One of the club's most notable moments came in 2005 when Saprissa became the second club in CONCACAF to finish third in the FIFA Club World Cup together with the Mexican club Necaxa who accomplished it in 2000 (and were joined in 2012 by another Mexican club, CF Monterrey).
The club was chosen by the IFFHS as the CONCACAF team of the 20th Century. This event gave Saprissa world wide recognition.
History.
Deportivo Saprissa was founded on 16 July 1935 and entered the Costa Rican Third Division as Saprissa F.C. They were promoted to the Primera División de Costa Rica, making their debut in the top flight on 21 August 1949. One of the most notable achievement of their early years, was to win the third and second division titles undefeated. The club has remained in the Costa Rican top flight ever since.
Recent events.
In 2003, the majority of the club's stock was bought by Mexican entrepreneur Jorge Vergara, the owner of Mexican football club Club Deportivo Guadalajara and soon after the operator of Major League Soccer club Club Deportivo Chivas USA in the United States.
Saprissa won the 2005 CONCACAF Champions Cup, beating Mexican club UNAM in the final over two legs, in May 2005. As CONCACAF club champions they qualified for the 2005 FIFA Club World Championship, held in Japan in December 2005. They beat Australian club Sydney FC in the quarter-finals thanks to a goal by Christian Bolaños. In the semi-finals they were beaten 3-0 by English club Liverpool, who were the Champions League holders that year, making it the strongest team in Europe. In the third place match they beat Al Ittihad of Saudi Arabia 3-2. Álvaro Saborío scored two goals, and Rónald Gómez scored the an astonishing free-kick final goal in the 89th minute to seal the win. They finished the competition in third place behind São Paulo of Brazil and Liverpool. Saborío was joint top scorer, and Bolaños was awarded the Bronze Ball by FIFA as third best player of the championship.They will play in 2013 IFA Shield
Team Colours.
Even though the very first colours were red and white, the team is known by their purple-burgundy colour. Red and white were utilised very briefly, and Ricardo Saprissa's influence from the Polo Club of Barcelona had the team try red and blue instead, even though this is the origin of the colour used throughout all of its history. When the new kit for 1937 (red and blue) was being manufactured, some of the threads got mixed evenly along the sides of the jerseys, producing a type of purple, resembling a burgundy/maroon colour. This new colour went down well with everyone involved, it reflected class and originality, and it was selected as the team's official colour. It was decided that the team's shield would appear on the chest of the uniform, with a notable bold white letter "S".
Saprissa utilizes a burgundy jersey with white and grey details, and white shorts with burgundy and grey details for home games. For away games, a white jersey with burgundy and grey details is used, and white shorts with burgundy and grey details.
Stadium.
Saprissa plays home games at the Estadio Ricardo Saprissa Aymá, named after Ricardo Saprissa. They originally played at the Costa Rica National Stadium, which they rented and shared.
A new site for a stadium was bought in 1965 and on 27 August 1972 after six years of construction and upgrades, Estadio Ricardo Saprissa was officially opened. The first match was between Deportivo Saprissa and Comunicaciones of Guatemala. The match ended in a 1-1 draw with Peter Sandoval of Comunicaciones scoring the first goal at the new stadium.
The stadium is called "La Cueva del Monstruo" (The Monster's Cave), after the nickname of the club, "El Monstruo Morado" ("The Purple Monster"). It has a seating capacity of 24,000 and is overlooked by local mountains and downtown San Jose.
The stadium has great fame internationally, especially with all the national teams that play against Costa Rica. It is one of the more intimidating stadiums in the CONCACAF area, known for the close proximity of fans to the pitch. This pressure from the local crowd creates a heavy, passionate atmosphere.
Supporters.
La Ultra Morada (The Purple Ultra) is the club's most radical supporters group, even though it is not recognized as an official or formal part of the club. This group is always set on the south side of the stadium. La Ultra Morada is categorized as an "ultras group" or "ultras movement", being similar to what is more commonly known to outsiders as "hooligans"; even though members of La Ultra Morada, or simply La Ultra, emphasize their support for the club by creating a passionate atmosphere during matches.
The group was the first Ultras group in Costa Rica, formed in 1995 when the then Saprissa president Enrique Artiñano brought fans from the Chilean football club Universidad Católica, to help build a similar ultras group to their "Los Cruzados", for Saprissa. In the mid-to-late 1990s the Ultras began to develop the image of being football hooligans when violence began to break out with opposition fans during games. Due to the negative atmosphere and press coverage, Saprissa officials stepped in to restore order to a group that they had help create. The group is sub-divided in smaller groups called "peñas". They maintain the style of a classic Ultras group, with chants, choreos, pyro shows (flares and gunpowder), abundant flags, giant banners, and the constant beat of an oversized bass drum.
There are, however, several different other supporter group that are legally recognized by the club. These groups occupy different zones in the stadium, and they are mainly groups that get organized with transportation, original merchandise, and massive displays for the team during a game (confetti, balloons, banners, flares, etc.)
Mascot.
The official mascot of the team is a cartoonish purple dragon, which was based on the Dragon Elliot, and similar to one of "Dragontales" and many other dragons from children shows. Because of this, many of the fans call the mascot "Un monstruo amigable" which means "A friendly monster". The mascot was meant to appeal to children in general, but it ended up being loved by the entirety of the fans. This caused it to be present in all kinds of paraphernalia and merchandise. Its the most recognizable and appreciated mascot in all the region
However in early 2010, a new mascot was introduced. The mascot was designed in Mexico and many club supporters felt that it was a campy, superhero-like purple monster. As a result, the new mascot was highly rejected by the fans, claiming that "No queremos un dinosaurio super héroe, queremos al espíritu del equipo (We don't want a super hero, we want the original spirit of the team)".
The new mascot was replaced immediately after the strong rejection, and the team now has a new mascot that resembles the original. The new costume was manufactured by Fernando Thiel, a widely recognized Argentina-born puppeteer who lives in Costa Rica.
Players.
Current squad.
"As of 17 February 2014" 
Honours.
Record versus other nations' teams.
The Concacaf opponents below = Official tournament results: 
References.
http://www.rsssf.com/tabless/saprissa-intl.html
http://www.rsssf.com/tablesf/fraternidad.html#71
http://www.rsssf.com/tablesc/ca2.html
http://www.rsssf.com/tablesc/ca1.html
http://www.rsssf.com/tablesu/uncaf-club.html

</doc>
<doc id="20803332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20803332" title="Lanier County High School">
Lanier County High School

Lanier County High School is a high school in Lakeland, Georgia, United States. The school is part of the Lanier County School District which serves Lanier County, Georgia.
LCHS serves grades (9-12). 
External links.
Lanier County High School is a class A school. It participates in most major sports including football, baseball and basketball. The 1955 men's basketball team won the GHSA State Championship. Lanier county is known for their basketball program having been dominant mostly in recent years. In 2009, the Bulldogs somehow landed 4 foreign exchange students, Malick Kone, Junior Gnonkonde, Teddy Somolo and Emmanuel Ezoua. With them the Bulldogs found themselves deep in the state playoffs, deepest being the GHSA final four in 2012 against Whitefield Academy. With all the talent and the addition of Anthony Ethridge the year before, the Bulldogs always seemed to come up short. Baseball has been a big part of Lanier county sports as well, former players include Coach John White (also one of the most successful baseball coaches in the state of Georgia), Alex Lee, Ethan Mccrae, Josh Fender, Will Branch, Andrew Johnson, Codey Freaky, Austin Cook, Heath Branch, Jordan Patten and many more standouts. Coming close in 2008, the Bulldogs had one of their most successful seasons as the Bulldogs crushed through the regular season on its way to a playoff run. Ryan White (son of Coach White), had one of the most dominant pitching performances against Shly County as he gave up one run in 7 innings, later in the game Josh Fender hit the game winning "walk off" grand slam to seal the victory and send the bulldogs to the Elite 8 to face Landmark Christian. However the bulldogs came short against the private school, ending the Bulldogs season in disappointing fashion. 
Football came to Lanier County in 1997 and has never really been a threat in the division. However in 2006, the Bulldogs advanced to the playoffs for the first time in school history and would face Randolph-Clay County. The head coach of the Bulldogs, Daniel "coach Mac" Macfather, would leave Lanier County to coach the rival in following years. Notable Gridiron stars include Sylvester West, Demono Nelms, Greg Sealy, Devonte Flowers, Christopher Macutchin, Jeremy Ryan, Lance Davis, Domenick Calhoun, Anthony Ethridge among other great players. In 2012, DE Junior Gnonkonde became the fitst Division 1 signee as he signed with the North Carolina Tar Heels. Lanier County's biggest football rival are the Clinch County Panthers. Since their inauguration year, the Bulldogs are 0-15 against the Panthers. However in '12 the Bulldogs held the Panthers to only a field goal, but that would prove to be enough as the Bulldogs couldn't score a single point.

</doc>
