<doc id="20781597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781597" title="Administrative Conference of the United States">
Administrative Conference of the United States

The Administrative Conference of the United States (ACUS) is an independent agency of the United States government established by the Administrative Conference Act of 1964. It is also considered to be a federal advisory committee. The Conference's purpose is to promote improvements in the efficiency, adequacy, and fairness of the procedures by which federal agencies conduct regulatory programs, administer grants and benefits, and perform related governmental functions.
To this end, the Conference conducts research and issues reports concerning various aspects of the administrative process and, when warranted, makes recommendations to the President, Congress, particular departments and agencies, and the judiciary concerning the need for procedural reforms. Implementation of Conference recommendations may be accomplished by direct action on the part of the affected agencies or through legislative changes. The Conference also serves as a clearinghouse for both scholarly and practical information that may assist agencies in improving their procedures.
By statute, the Conference has no fewer than 75 and no more than 101 members, a majority of whom are federal government officials. The Chairman is appointed by the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, for a 5-year term. The other ten members of the Council, which acts as an executive board, are appointed by the President for 3-year terms. Federal officials named to the Council may constitute no more than one-half of the total Council membership. Members of the Conference representing the private sector are appointed by the Chairman, with the approval of the Council, for 2-year terms. The Chairman is the only full-time compensated member.
History.
Two temporary Administrative Conferences during the Eisenhower and Kennedy Administrations recommended the establishment of a permanent agency to study Federal administrative procedures and develop recommendations for improvement. 
These recommendations were consistent with those set forth in a report to President-elect Kennedy by James M. Landis, former Dean of the Harvard Law School and former Chairman of both the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Civil Aeronautics Board. The ACUS was created by the Administrative Conference Act of 1964, , . ACUS began operations with the appointment and confirmation of its first Chairman in 1968.
Over the course of the next 27 years, through October 1995, the Conference brought together experts from both public and private sectors to commission and review basic research leading to specific and practical ways to improve regulatory and administrative processes. ACUS adopted approximately 200 such recommendations, based on careful study and the informed deliberations of ACUS members in an open process that encouraged public input. 
The Conference ceased operations on October 31, 1995, due to termination of funding by Congress, but the statutory provisions establishing ACUS were not repealed. Subsequently, Congress reauthorized the Conference in 2004 and again in 2008. The 2004 legislation expanded the responsibilities of ACUS to include specific attention to achieving more effective public participation and efficiency, reducing unnecessary litigation, and improving the use of science in the rulemaking process.
Funding was approved in 2009, and the Conference was officially re-established in March 2010, when the United States Senate confirmed President Barack Obama's nominee as Chairman, Paul R. Verkuil. Mr. Verkuil is a widely published scholar of law and regulation. He has served as president of the College of William and Mary and as dean of Cardozo School of Law and Tulane University Law School. He also served as Special Master in the case of New Jersey v. New York, involving the sovereignty of Ellis Island.
Obama appointed Preeta Bansal, General Counsel and Senior Policy Adviser for the Office of Management and Budget, as Vice Chair of the Conference.
Recommendations of the Administrative Conference.
Among its most influential government-wide recommendations were the Conference's proposals facilitating judicial review of agency decisions and eliminating various technical impediments to such review. ACUS recommended a model administrative civil penalty statute that has served as the basis for numerous pieces of legislation.
The Conference also adopted a series of recommendations that set forth procedures and criteria for utilizing a variety of alternative dispute resolution techniques and approaches for eliminating excessive litigation costs and long delays in federal agency programs. These activities led to enactment of the Administrative Dispute Resolution Act in 1990, which established a framework for agencies to resolve administrative litigation through alternative dispute resolution. ACUS applied a similar approach for consensual resolution of disputes in rulemaking, and its recommendation on negotiating regulations in appropriate situations led to enactment of the Negotiated Rulemaking Act. To help implement these statutes, the Conference provided extensive assistance to agencies throughout the federal government. These activities included training programs, interagency working groups to enable agencies to address specific issues through study and sharing of information about best practices, and the publication of two voluminous Sourcebooks for agency reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20781603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781603" title="César Soto">
César Soto

César Soto Esquivel (born September 17, 1971) is a retired Mexican professional boxer and is the former WBC Featherweight Champion.
Professional career.
In July 1993, César knocked out future WBC Lightweight Champion, José Luis Castillo in two one-sided rounds and was the first man to defeat him.
WBC Featherweight Championship.
On May 15, 1999 Soto won the WBC Featherweight Champion by upsetting Luisito Espinosa in controversial fashion.
WBC & WBO unification.
César lost the WBC title in a twelve round decision to Prince Naseem Hamed.

</doc>
<doc id="20781605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781605" title="Jocelyn Rowe">
Jocelyn Rowe

Jocelyn Rowe (born "unknown" - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Nottingham. He played for Manchester United, Army Football, and Bohemian.

</doc>
<doc id="20781621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781621" title="Wilf Tranter">
Wilf Tranter

Wilfred Tranter (born 5 March 1945) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Pendlebury, Lancashire. He played for Manchester United, Brighton & Hove Albion, Baltimore Bays, St Louis Stars, and Fulham.

</doc>
<doc id="20781658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781658" title="Binzhou University">
Binzhou University

Binzhou University () is a public university located in Binzhou, Shandong province, China.
History.
The university was established in 1958.
Programmes.
The university offers 38 diplomas, with 19 undergraduate majors. It is the first regional university in China to offer flight training for pilots. It operates a number of research centers and institutes in diverse areas including ecology, military science, history and ancient books. It has received 23 Provincial Scientific Research awards and has published extensively in the field of science.
Faculty and Students.
The university hosts a student body of approximately 18,000 full-time students, with a teaching faculty of over 700.
Exchanges.
The university has international exchange partnerships with Bendigo Regional Institute of TAFE (BRiT) in Australia, Ecole Superieure des Pays de Loire (ESPL) in France, Stephen F. Austin State University (SFA) in the United States and Belgrod State University of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="20781670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781670" title="Walter Whitehurst">
Walter Whitehurst

Walter Whitehurst (7 June 1934 – 20 January 2012) was an English footballer. His regular position was at wing half. He was born in Manchester. He played for Manchester United and Chesterfield.
He died in Blackpool Victoria Hospital, aged 77, after being ill for some time.

</doc>
<doc id="20781681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781681" title="Carpatho-Russian Labour Party of Small Peasants and Landless">
Carpatho-Russian Labour Party of Small Peasants and Landless

Carpatho-Russian Labour Party of Small Peasants and Landless (Rusyn: Карпаторусская Трудовая Партия Малоземельных и Безземельных, "Karpatorusskaja trudovaja partija malozemelnych i bezzemelnych", ) was a political party in Carpathian Ruthenia, Czechoslovakia founded in 1919. The party had a 'Greater Russian' orientation. It was led by Andrey Gagatko, who was elected in 1924 to the parliament. The party published "Russkaja zemlja".
The party contested the 1924, 1925 and 1935 elections in electoral coalitions with Czechoslovak socialists. In 1929, the party contested elections as part of an electoral bloc led by the Czechoslovak National Democrats.
The party advocated the separation of Church and state. It was opposed to the Greek Catholic Church and supported Eastern Orthodoxy.

</doc>
<doc id="20781682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781682" title="Schiedam Centrum railway station">
Schiedam Centrum railway station

Schiedam Centrum is a railway station and metro station just to the west of Rotterdam, Netherlands on the railway line between The Hague and Rotterdam Centraal, and is the junction for the branch to Hoek van Holland. Trains are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
History.
The station opened on 3 June 1847 as "Schiedam", with the The Hague - Rotterdam railway line. In 1856 the first major train accident in the Netherlands occurred near Schiedam causing three deaths. The branch to Maassluis opened in 1891, extended to Hoek van Holland two years later. In 1967 the station was renamed "Schiedam-Rotterdam West", in 1998 Schiedam Centrum. In 1976 there was a major train disaster near the station, resulting in 24 deaths. In 2000, the railway building was completely renewed as part of the extension of the East-West Line of the Rotterdam Metro, which has called at Schiedam Centrum since November 2002.
Train services.
The following services call at Schiedam Centrum:
Other public transport.
Rotterdam Metro lines A, B, and C call at the metro station next to the railway station. For lines A and B it is the western terminus.
Several Rotterdam tram and bus lines call at Schiedam Centrum. A tram stop for RET lines 21 and 23 is near the entrances of the railway and the metro station.
!Previous!!!!Line!!!!Next

</doc>
<doc id="20781689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781689" title="HMS Otter (1805)">
HMS Otter (1805)

HMS "Otter" was a Royal Navy 16-gun "Merlin"-class ship sloop, launched in 1805 at Hull. She participated in two notable actions in the Indian Ocean and was sold in 1828.
Armament.
When built, "Otter" mounted sixteen 32-pounder carronades and two 6-pounder long guns. Under the rating system of the time, she was officially rated at "16 guns". From 1815 she was re-rated to "18 guns", but continued to carry the same armament.
Service.
"Otter" entered service in 1805 under Commander John Davies and was attached to the Channel Fleet. On 31 January 1807 "Otter" recaptured the "Enterprize". Twenty days later, "Otter" recaptured the "Farely".
She sailed for the Cape of Good Hope on 18 August 1807. From there "Otter" sailed to Montevideo to support the British attack on the Spanish colony. On arrival it was discovered that the British army had been defeated and surrendered. Davies then sailed to the Cape of Good Hope, where Commander Nesbit Willoughby took command of "Otter". 
On 15 July 1808 , "Otter", and "Charwell" shared in the capture of the French brig "Lucie", and her cargo of slaves. Some months later, on 7 November, and "Otter" captured some slaves, for which they received bounty-money from the Honourable East India Company.
"Otter" was then attached to the squadron under Commodore Josias Rowley that was ordered to blockade the French colonies of Île Bonaparte and Île de France in the Indian Ocean. "Otter" raided anchorages on the islands. For instance, on 14 August 1809 her boats were in action at Riviere Noire, Île de France. Between 20 and 24 September she took part in the Raid on Saint Paul. Willoughby led the naval landing party that captured the harbour, for which he was promoted. "Otter" suffered one man killed and one man wounded. 
After Willoughby's promotion, command initially passed to Lieutenant Edward Benge (acting). Command then passed to Commander James Tompkinson who remained in command throughout the campaign. 
On 10 January 1810, "Otter" and captured the "Charles". Then on 30 March "Otter" captured two vessels, the "Amazon"
and "Gagne Petit". On 22 August "Otter", and shared in the capture of the "Garronne". On 4 September the same three vessels shared in the capture of the "Ranger".
More importantly, "Otter" operated in a supporting role in the Action of 13 September 1810 and the Action of 18 September 1810, providing towlines to the battered British frigates "Africaine" and "Ceylon". Tompkinson was promoted into "Ceylon" and command passed to Lieutenant Cator during the Invasion of Île de France in December 1810. Lieutenant Thomas Lamb Polden Laugharne (acting), immediately replaced Cator and then sailed "Otter" back to Britain with despatches of the campaign. 
Nearly four decades later her service in the battle was among the actions recognised by the clasp "Otter 18 Sept. 1810" to the Naval General Service Medal, awarded upon application to all British participants still living in 1847.
Fate.
"Otter" was fitted for ordinary at Plymouth in April 1811. She remained in ordinary at Plymouth through 1812 to 1813 and was then was fitted for quarantine serviceas a lazaretto for Pembroke between February and April 1814. She was finally sold, to J. Holmes for £610, on 6 March 1828.

</doc>
<doc id="20781708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781708" title="Andrew Farley">
Andrew Farley

Andrew Bruce Farley is a professional rugby union player who has represented Queensland Reds, Otago Rugby, L'Aquila Rugby, Swansea RFC, Connacht Rugby and currently FC Grenoble.
He was born in Brisbane, Australia on 21 August 1980, to English born father Terence and New Zealand born mother Christine. He started playing rugby at 10 years of age at Marist Brother's Ashgrove. His rugby career commenced when he was selected in the Queensland and Australian Schoolboys. The following year, 1998 he gained selection in the inaugural Reds Rugby College (Junior Queensland Reds). This led him to be selected in Queensland under 19 and 21 which led to the Australia under 19 team who played the curtain raiser the 1999 Bledisloe Cup at Stadium Australia which had a record crowd of over 100,000. 
The following season he travelled to Italy to play for L'Aquila Rugby coached by former All Black Michael Brewer. After being there for a half season he returned to Australia to once again play for Queensland under 21, and after playing a successful National Championship he was selected in the Australian under 21 World Cup team who finished runner up to the Junior All Blacks in Sydney. He then travelled to Otago where he was a member of the 2001 NPC development squad where he was coached by Laurie Mains. After the NPC with Otago he returned to Australia to join the Queensland Reds receiving 2 caps that season. Following his two caps, former Reds, Bath and Australian Wallabies coach John Connelly contacted him with a suggestion of returning to the northern hemisphere, this time to play for Swansea RFC. After the season with the Queensland Reds he first lined up against Munster in the 5th round of the Celtic League. Swansea starting XV was his home for the 2002-03 season. After the merging of Welsh clubs at the end of 2002-03 season he was presented with an opportunity to join the Irish province Connacht Connacht Rugby. 
During his time at Connacht Rugby, he captained the side for 3 seasons and played over 100 Magners League games. He also made over 50 appearances in the European Challenge Cup and Heineken Cup collectively.
The highlight of his time with Connacht was captaining his side against the Springboks in a 2007 world cup warm up game where the Connacht team showed a lot a pride and resilience in a 18 - 3 loss to the eventual world cup winners. 
Whilst playing in Ireland for Connacht Rugby, he gained Irish residency and was selected to play for Ireland A in the 2007 Barclays Churchill Cup which was hosted at Exeter Chiefs' Sandy Park for group matches against Canada & New Zealand Maori and the Finals at Twickenham Stadiumwhere he played against Scotland 'A'.
After 6 seasons at Connacht Rugby, Andrew's career turned over a new page and saw him signing in the 09/10 season for French Rugby Pro D2 Club FC Grenoble. After only one season with FC Grenoble he was named captain and lead them to 2nd place in the 2010/11 Pro D2 Championship. In 2011 he signed a new 2 year contract with the club taking him through to the end of the 2012/13 season.In the first year of his new contract he guided FC Grenoble to Champions of France Pro D2 and taking FC Grenoble back to Top 14 for the first time since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20781720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781720" title="Jagiełło (disambiguation)">
Jagiełło (disambiguation)

Jagiełło or Jagiello may refer to:
People
Nature

</doc>
<doc id="20781721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781721" title="Alan Cristea Gallery">
Alan Cristea Gallery

Alan Cristea Gallery is a commercial art gallery on London's Cork Street, founded in 1995 by Alan Cristea. It is the largest publisher and distributor of prints in Europe.
History.
Previously a director of Waddington Galleries, Alan Cristea bought Waddington Graphics in 1995. In 2007, the gallery expanded its premises from its original location at 31 Cork Street, to include 34 Cork Street. Alan Cristea is the Treasurer of the Society of London Art Dealers (SLAD) and his co-director, David Cleaton-Roberts, is the European board representative for the International Fine Print Dealers Association (IFPDA).
Artists.
Gallery Artists.
Alan Cristea Gallery works with a variety of international artists on their print projects including Gillian Ayres, Ian Davenport, Howard Hodgkin, Richard Hamilton, Langlands & Bell, Michael Craig-Martin and Julian Opie. The gallery has recently begun working with Rachel Whiteread, Cornelia Parker and Paul Winstanley. The gallery also represents the paintings of Gillian Ayres, Lisa Milroy, Ian McKeever and the ceramic works of Edmund de Waal.
Master Graphics.
Alan Cristea is an acknowledged expert on the prints of Matisse and Picasso. The gallery represents the estate of Naum Gabo and the Josef Albers and Anni Albers Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20781723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781723" title="Repka">
Repka

Repka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20781728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781728" title="Benndale, Mississippi">
Benndale, Mississippi

Benndale is an unincorporated community in George County, Mississippi. It is located near the intersection of State Highways 26 (MS 26) and 57 (MS 57). The community is part of the Pascagoula Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Benndale Elementary School, a K-6 campus that is part of the George County School District, serves Benndale and surrounding areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20781736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781736" title="WBWG-LP">
WBWG-LP

WBWG-LP (99.1 FM) is a religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Fairmont, West Virginia.
While the station is licensed to Fairmont, its Class A signal covers Farmington, West Virginia and is not receivable in Fairmont proper. WBWG-LP is owned and operated by God's Word Broadcasting, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="20781749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781749" title="WGAG-LP">
WGAG-LP

WGAG-LP is an Oldies and Classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Princeton, West Virginia. WGAG-LP is owned and operated by The Denver Foundation, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="20781750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781750" title="Ernest Currie">
Ernest Currie

Ernest William Currie (born 9 April 1873 – 23 October 1932) was an Australian rugby union international and first-class cricketer.
Cricket career.
Currie, who was born in Dunedin, represented Otago in six first-class cricket matches during the 1894/95 and 1893/94 New Zealand cricket seasons, as a wicket-keeper. 
After moving to Australia, he appeared in one further first-class match for Queensland, against New South Wales at the Sydney Cricket Ground in 1899.
Rugby union career.
Currie, a scrum-half, claimed one international rugby caps for Australia. His debut game was against Great Britain, at Brisbane, on 22 July 1899 the second ever Test match played by an Australian national side. His performance in that match was noted as "excellent" by the press.

</doc>
<doc id="20781756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781756" title="James Hopkins (footballer born 1901)">
James Hopkins (footballer born 1901)

James Hopkins (12 July 1901 - 1943) was a Northern Irish association football player, who played at inside forward.
Born in Ballymoney, he started out at Belfast United before being signed by Arsenal in 1919 at the age of 18. He was a regular for Arsenal's reserve side for two seasons before his first-team debut came, against West Bromwich Albion on 19 March 1921; Hopkins scored in a 4-3 victory and went on to play a further seven times that season. Injury and illness marred his 1921-22 season however, and he only played in 11 League games all season. The following season his appearances were even more sporadic, and despite scoring in both his League starts for Arsenal in 1922-23, he was sold to Brighton & Hove Albion in January 1923; in total he played 22 games for Arsenal, scoring seven goals.
Hopkins spent the next six seasons at Brighton, making over 200 League appearances in the Third Division South and scoring 72 goals. He also won a single cap for Ireland against England on 24 October 1925 at Windsor Park; the game finished 0-0. He left Brighton in 1929 and ended his career with Aldershot. He died in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20781757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781757" title="WMCC-LP">
WMCC-LP

WMCC-LP is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Spencer, West Virginia. WMCC-LP is owned and operated by Radio 7 Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20781763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781763" title="Augustus Jessopp">
Augustus Jessopp

Augustus Jessopp (20 December 1823 - 12 February 1914) was an English cleric and writer. He spent periods of time as a schoolmaster and then later as a clergyman in Norfolk, England. He wrote regular articles for the "The Nineteenth Century", variously on humorous, polemical and historical topics. He published scholarly work on local Norfolk history and on aspects of English literature. A good friend of M. R. James he is described by James' biographer R. W. Pfaff as "a fine specimen of the learned but somewhat eccentric country parson."
Early life.
Born in Cheshunt, Hertfordshire, on 20 December 1823, the son of John Sympson Jessopp (c. 1780–1851), Barrister-at-Law, and Eliza Bridger Goodrich, he was educated at St. John's, Cambridge (B.A. 1848 and M.A. 1851). He took orders in 1848, the same year he married Mary Anne Margaret Cotesworth.
He left with an ordinary degree to undertake the curacy of Papworth, Cambridgeshire, where he resided till 1854, when he became headmaster of Helston Grammar School. Here he remained until 1859, when he succeeded Dr. Vincent at King Edward's School at Norwich, being thus brought into relations with East Anglia, the region he came to write about. His tenure at Norwich (where George Meredith's elder son was among his pupils) was uneventful, and from the fact that he seldom, if ever, alludes to schoolmastering in his subsequent writing, it may not have been to his taste. He began work on his historic studies while at Norwich, and became rector of Scarning in 1879. During this period he was awarded a Bachelor and Doctor of Divinity (1870), from Worcester College, Oxford.
Journalism for the "Nineteenth Century".
"The Nineteenth Century" was under the direction of James Knowles, and Jessopp's success may be due to this circumstance. His work certainly was what the editor wanted, and he wrote well, in a forcible, colloquial style, with earnestness, full of knowledge of his subjects, and helped by boisterous illustrations. Joseph Arch loomed large in the public eye; people wanted to hear what a county parson had to say about the agricultural labourer. He was firmly convinced that things were not going well in the rural parishes, and he was righteously indignant at the condition of the labourer's cottage, and the growing tendency to deprive him of all chance of rising to a higher level, an evil aggravated by the abolition of small farms. He realized also, the dullness of village life, the grinding monotony, and the impossibility of escape, though perhaps he was too prone to assume that these burdens would be as heavy to his neighbours as to himself.
His entire picture was unreal, giving the worst rather than the average conditions. He certainly did his best to brighten village life; he was quite free from clerical bigotry, and candidly admits that the stuffy little Ranter's chapel is too often the only place where the religious emotions of the rural poor can be stirred and the yearnings of the soul satisfied. Unfortunately his well-meant efforts came to little largely because he went too late to parish work. His best years had been spent as a schoolmaster.
Jessopp was essentially a man of the study, and the "monsters of life's waste" he attacked were too often those he imagined must be the bane of his poorer neighbours—rather than those that really oppressed them. Again, he was not Norfolk born. He never comprehended the inner nature of the hard-grained East Anglians that rates stranger and foe as nearly equivalent. For those reasons, he came to cross purposes with his people. He lost his temper sometimes and wrote about his neighbours in terms some of them resented. Numbers of "The Nineteenth Century" travelled down to Scarning; and when local celebrities recognized their portraits, dancing with stage antics to amuse the rector's town friends, and understood he was getting paid handsomely for the show, the feud waxed bitter.
Historical writings.
As early as 1855, Jessopp issued a reprint of Donne's "Essays in Divinity" with notes. In 1897, he wrote a short life of Donne in the "Leaders of Religion" series. His "One Generation of a Norfolk House" must have cost him much labour; it is the story of one of the Walpoles who became a Jesuit in the time of Elizabeth, and it was while he was engaged over it at Mannington Hall, Lord Orford's seat, that he was favoured by a nocturnal visit from a ghostly ecclesiastic in the library. Much good-humoured banter followed his communication of his experience to the press, and probably his picturesque statement helped to draw public attention to this Henry Walpole, an unimportant figure and quite undeserving of the toil and research his "vates sacer" bestowed upon him. In 1879, he published his "History of the Diocese of Norwich"; in 1885, "The Coming of the Friars and Other Historical Essays"; and in 1881 and 1890, "Arcady for Better or Worse" and "The Trials of a Country Parson", his most popular works. In 1890, he edited afresh Bell's edition of the "Lives of the Norths".
In August 1884, Jessopp came close to eternal damnation of his soul when he ran foul of the Muggletonians. His article entitled "The Prophet of Walnut Tree Yard" appeared in the August issue of "The Nineteenth Century". Lodowicke Muggleton had been born in Walnut Tree Yard, Bishopsgate, in 1609. Jessopp's article was written with robust humour, probably because the writer assumed the sect extinct or moribund. The mid-century "Chambers' Encyclopaedia" would have told him just that. Jessopp felt obliged to apologise, which he did on 20 September 1887. However, it could have been much worse. Until the middle of the century, Muggletonians condemned those who ridiculed them. Sir Walter Scott suffered just this fate.
In 1896 he and M. R. James co-edited an edition of Thomas of Monmouth's life of William of Norwich, containing historical essays on the background to the events, which were the origin of the antisemitic blood libel.
Academic career and recognition.
Jessopp became a member by incorporation at Worcester College, Oxford, in 1870 and in 1895 became an honorary Fellow of that Society. His college at Cambridge conferred the same honor on him in the same year. In 1890, Oxford appointed him a select preacher, and his handsome presence and his sonorous voice made him an imposing figure in St. Mary's pulpit. In 1895, he became an honorary canon of Norwich, and he was Chaplain-in-Ordinary to King Edward from 1902 to 1910.
In 1907, Jessopp was granted a Civil List pension of £50, in addition to a £100 pension previously granted in recognition of his services to archæology and literature. He resigned his benefice in 1911 and went to live at The Chantry, Norwich. On his removal from Scarning he sold most of his valuable library, and the sale attracted considerable attention. It included a number of letters addressed by George Meredith to Dr. and Mrs. Jessopp, and a number of Meredith first editions with autograph inscriptions of the author.
Jessopp died 12 February 1914 and was buried at Scarning on 14 February.

</doc>
<doc id="20781770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781770" title="WPJY">
WPJY

WPJY (88.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Blennerhassett, West Virginia, USA. It is one of the 7 "WALK FM" network of stations. The station is currently owned by Positive Alternative Radio Inc.
History.
The station went on the air as WPJY on 1998-10-06. on 2005-12-12, the station changed its call sign to the current WPJY. 

</doc>
<doc id="20781787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781787" title="Commonwealth Chairperson-in-Office">
Commonwealth Chairperson-in-Office

The Commonwealth Chairperson-in-Office (CIO) is the Chairperson-in-Office of the Commonwealth of Nations, and is one of the main leadership positions in the Commonwealth. It is held by the host chairperson of the previous Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM), and is maintained until the next CHOGM.
The primary responsibility of the Chairperson-in-Office is to host the CHOGM, but their roles can be expanded. For example, after the 2002 CHOGM, the incumbent, previous, and next Chairpersons-in-Office formed a troika in an attempt to resolve the ongoing dispute over Zimbabwe's membership of the Commonwealth.
The position was created after the 1999 CHOGM, with Thabo Mbeki becoming the first Chairperson-in-Office. However, Mbeki did very little to develop the position, leaving it virtually vacant until the next CHOGM, in 2002, when the troika was created. Even after John Howard became Chairperson, the troika's first meeting was in London, in the presence of the Commonwealth Secretary-General, whose office drafted the troika's statement: leaving little role for the troika itself, but potentially increasing the power of the Secretary-General. The third Chairperson, Olusegun Obasanjo, did more to invigorate the role of the position after taking over in 2003.
Perhaps the most active Chairpersons have been the Prime Ministers of Trinidad and Tobago, Patrick Manning and Kamla Persad-Bissessar. For the first time, a single country produced two chairpersons for a single CHOGM, after Manning lost a snap general election he called more than two years before polls were due.
Since the assumption of the role at the 2009 CHOGM, representatives from Trinidad and Tobago, including the Prime Ministers, have attended Commonwealth meetings, including 2011 Commonwealth Day celebrations where Persad-Bissessar, the first female to chair the Commonwealth, gave the keynote address. Trinidad and Tobago is also slated to host the much anticipated Commonwealth Economic Forum in 2011.
As Prime Minister of Australia, Julia Gillard succeeded Persad-Bissessar as the second female Chairman at the 2011 CHOGM. Julia Gillard was in-turn succeeded by Kevin Rudd after resigning as Prime Minister of Australia on 27 June 2013. Rudd went on to lose the Australian federal election in September 2013, and was subsequently succeeded by the new prime minister Tony Abbott. Abbott remained in the position until Commonwealth leaders met for the 23rd time on 15 November 2013, where he was succeeded by the President of Sri Lanka Mahinda Rajapaksa.

</doc>
<doc id="20781791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781791" title="HMS Staunch (1804)">
HMS Staunch (1804)

HMS "Staunch" was a Royal Navy 12-gun , built by Benjamin Tanner and launched in 1804 at Dartmouth, Devon. She served in the Indian Ocean and participated in the Action of 18 September 1810 before she foundered with the loss of all hands in 1811.
Service.
"Staunch" was commissioned in September 1804 under Lieutenant Benjamin Street and was attached to the Channel Fleet. On 30 August 1806, "Staunch" sailed for the Cape of Good Hope, with orders to assist in the invasions of Buenos Aires and Montevideo. "Staunch"s crew landed and participated in the attack on the Montevideo, suffering losses in the battle (one killed and four wounded). Earlier, "Staunch" had captured a sloop and destroyed two others of a convoy going to the south shore for troops. When the British force was defeated, "Staunch" retired to the Cape of Good Hope. 
In 1810, "Staunch" was attached to Commodore Josias Rowley's squadron on Île Bourbon and from there was part of the blockading force under Samuel Pym that was almost totally destroyed at the Battle of Grand Port (20-27 August 1810) over possession of the harbour of Grand Port on Isle de France (now Mauritius). "Staunch" had been sent back to Rowley for reinforcements and so was not with the squadron at its destruction. 
Earlier, "Staunch" participated in the 10-17 August expeditions to capture of the Île de la Passe. On 28 August "Staunch", and shared in the capture of the "Garronne". On 4 September the same three vessels shared in the capture of the "Ranger".
"Staunch" was later part of Rowley's squadron at the Action of 13 September 1810 and helped drive off a French squadron under Pierre Bouvet at the Action of 18 September 1810. In this action "Staunch" assisted in the recapture of and the capture of "Vénus".
Nearly four decades later the Admiralty recognized "Staunch"s role in the battle by the clasp "Staunch 18 Sept. 1810" attached to the Naval General Service Medal, awarded upon application to all of her crew still living in 1847.
In November 1810, command passed to Lieutenant Hector Craig (acting), Street having removed to the government ship "Emma" as captain (acting). Craig then commanded "Staunch" in support of the successful Invasion of Isle de France (29 November to 3 December).
On 5 January 1811 , , , and , participated in the capture of the French schooner "Mouche". "Staunch" apparently was also entitled to share in the prize money.
Fate.
In June 1811, while sailing off Madagascar, "Staunch" disappeared with the loss of her entire crew of 76. She is believed to have foundered.

</doc>
<doc id="20781798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781798" title="Kerry Skepple">
Kerry Skepple

Kerry “Arab” Skepple (born 25 November 1980 in New Winthropes, Antigua) is an Antiguan and Barbudan footballer, currently playing for Antigua Barracuda FC.
Club career.
Skepple played for several teams in his native Antigua, before attending college at Indiana Wesleyan University, where he played from 2004-2007. In 
2005 he was, along with compatriot Troy Mellanson, member of the MCC All-Conference 2nd Team 
In 2008 he spent some time in the Finnish second division with Atlantis FC for whom he scored a decisive goal to avoid relegation in October 2008.
He returned to Antigua and debuted for All Saints United F.C. against Villa Lions on 23 November 2008.
International career.
Skepple made his debut for Antigua and Barbuda in a February 2001 friendly match against Saint Lucia and has earned nearly 20 caps since. He played in 5 World Cup qualification games. On November 11, 2011 Skepple scored the winning goal against Haiti to qualify for the third round of CONCACAF qualifying for World Cup 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20781800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781800" title="Russian National Autonomous Party">
Russian National Autonomous Party

Russian National Autonomous Party (, ) was a political party in Czechoslovakia. It was founded by Štepan Fencik, just ahead of the 1935 Czechoslovak parliamentary election, in March 1935 in Mukachevo. Fencik was elected to parliament. The party published "Nash puť" ('Our Path').
The party struggled for autonomy for Carpathian Ruthenia. Politically, it displayed anti-semitic and far right characteristics. In the programmatic declarations of the party, it demanded recognition of the Russian national minority, support or Slavic ideas and genuine democracy.

</doc>
<doc id="20781801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781801" title="WQAZ-LP">
WQAZ-LP

WQAZ-LP (98.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a nostalgia radio format. Licensed to Edmond, West Virginia, USA, the station is currently owned by The Syner Foundation.
History.
The station went on the air as WWAR-LP on 2003-04-23 and on 2003-07-16, the station changed its call sign to the current WQAZ.

</doc>
<doc id="20781809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781809" title="Prosper de Mestre">
Prosper de Mestre

Prosper de Mestre (1789–1844) was a prominent businessman in Sydney from 1818 until near his death in 1844. He was French born, but also a "citizen of the world", who played an important role in the development of commerce and banking in the English Colony of New South Wales. He became a successful merchant and business leader in Sydney. In 1825 he became the second person to be naturalised in the Colony. In addition to being one of the early directors of the Bank of New South Wales (for periods between 1826 and 1842), he was also a founder of the local insurance industry, a member of the committee of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales, and became involved in importing, shipping and whaling. There are numerous references to his business activities in the Colonial Secretary's Papers of the day.
De Mestre was also the father of Etienne Livingstone de Mestre (1832–1916), the trainer of Archer the horse who won the first and second Melbourne Cups in 1861 and 1862, and the foremost Australian horse trainer of his era. His other descendants include: Sarah Melanie de Mestre (1877–1961) who distinguished herself as a nurse in France and Flanders in World War I, and whose decorations included the Royal Red Cross which was presented to her at Buckingham Palace by King George V on 3 June 1918 (the King's birthday); Roy de Maistre (1894–1968), a successful Australian artist; Guboo Ted Thomas (1909–2002) a prominent Aboriginal leader, and the last initiated tribal elder on the South Coast of New South Wales; Margaret Augusta de Mestre (1915–1942), a nurse who was killed in action on a hospital ship on 26 February 1942 in the bombing of Darwin during World War II; Neville de Mestre (c.1938- ), an eminent Australian mathematician and author, Emeritus Professor of Maths at Bond University, and who has held the titles of World Iron Man champion in the 60-64 age group, and Australian and World Masters surfing champion in the over-65 group for body surfing; and Lloyd Nolan Hornsby (1947- ), a prominent Aboriginal artist.
Background.
It is not true that Prosper, or his younger sister Melanie, are the children of Julie de St Laurent. It is therefore also not true that Prosper is the son of a liaison between Julie de St Laurent and Edward Duke of Kent, the father of Queen Victoria. This mistaken belief has become legend due to the incorrect assertion that Julie de St Laurent was the wife of Prosper's father André Charles de Mestre. It is true that André Charles lost his head and his life on the battle field at Martinique, and that Prince Edward was at Martinique at the time, but this death was of no significance to either Prince Edward or Julie de St Laurent.
The other incorrect assertion about Prosper's birth was made by Prosper himself in a letter dated 25 March 1830 and written to both the Collector and the Comptroller of Customs of the Colonial Government of New South Wales stating his claim to be a British subject. In this letter he made a statement that claimed he had been born in 1793 while his parents had been fleeing the French Revolution on a British ship bound for Martinique. This statement was made to protect Prosper's commercial interests when he had applied to register a British ship, and the legality of his claim to hold a British-flagged ship was questioned. Chief Justice (Sir) Francis Forbes of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, after various letters and evidence (including Prosper's letter to the Collector and Comptroller of Customs), ruled that because Prosper had been born on the high seas in a British ship he was a British subject, and therefore his application must succeed. However Prosper was not born on the high seas in a British ship, but was born on dry land in France. Prosper's lie was not exposed in his lifetime. Neither was it exposed by his many children & descendants in the intervening years, who had always believed that he had told the truth. It was exposed in 2008, nearly 180 years after the statement was made, by his great, great, great granddaughter Maree Amor (née Wade) when she was finally able to track down the record of his baptism. The correct details of Prosper's birth follow.
Prosper de Mestre, whose full name was Jean Charles Prosper de Mestre, was the son of Helene Thomasse Cottrel (1760–1851). He was born illegitimately on 15 August 1789 in Lorient, in Brittany in France. His father, who wasn't present at his birth, is believed to be André Charles de Mestre (c.1756-1794). André Charles and his elder brother Jean, after whom it appears Jean Charles Prosper was named, were both soldiers in the French Army, and André Charles rose to the rank of Lieut.Colonel. Prosper's younger sister Melanie Caroline Jeanne Mestre was born 15 months later on 15 November 1790 in Lorient, and her father André Charles and her mother Helene claimed at the time that they had married in 1788 in Helene's home town of Rennes. No record of a marriage has been found in 1788 at Rennes, or at any other time, or in any other place, and it is believed that they never did legalise their union. In March 1791 André Charles' regiment was transferred under the royalist new Governor-General Behague to the island of Martinique in the French Caribbean, regarded politically as part of France. It was here 3 years later, in March 1794, that Prosper's father André Charles died. The republican General Rochambeau, who had taken over in Martinique in February 1793, and who had promoted Prosper's father to the rank of Colonel of Artillery on 10 February 1793, recorded details of Prosper's father's death in his journal. In the journal entry dated 14 March 1794 is the record ""The Colonel Mestre of the artillery had his head taken off by a cannon ball. I was covered in his blood and I had a slight bruise of the heel. This officer was of great merit and his loss is irreplaceable. He was day and night on the ramparts. His talents were known to me during the war in the countryside that had already happened in this country and I have myself to recognise them on this occasion. His activities were greater during the siege and his multiple assets were to be at the same time director of the artillery, captain of the gun markers and the bombardier. He leaves a wife and two children. The republic should take care of them and give them a pension because this brave man had no fortune at all except his talents, his courage and his qualities."" There is another gruesome mention of Prosper's father's death further down in the journal entry where mention is made of André Charles' skull bones wounding the General's aide, Marlet, in the kidneys. A year later in March 1795, Prosper's mother Helene married an officer of the invading British Army, Captain James "Jean" Armstrong (1769-aft.1836) of the 6th (1st Warwickshire) Regiment of Foot.
The next record of Prosper de Mestre is not in Martinique, but in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as his parents had moved; this is where he received his schooling. He was known at this time as Prosper Mestre. He was naturalised an American citizen by the Court of Quarter Sessions in Philadelphia on 5 June 1811; at this point he was 21 being "of full age", which confirms that he was born before June 1790. In his naturalisation papers he stated that he had arrived in Philadelphia on 14 April 1802, when he would have been 12 years old. He was to state in his statement in 1830 that he was sent to Philadelphia in 1802 following the (British) evacuation of Martinique after the Treaty of Amiens. Unlike much of the rest of his 1830 statement, the year of his arriving in Philadelphia appears to be true, as it agrees with his earlier statement in 1811. His given reason for leaving Martinique in his 1830 statement, however, was an embellishment. 12-year-old Prosper did not have any political reason to need to abandon Martinique, but was joining his mother who in 1795 had left the Caribbean for the United States where she gave birth to Prosper's younger brother Andrew Cottrel Armstrong, leaving Prosper, and possibly also his younger sister Melanie, behind in Martinique. In 1802, when Prosper joined her, Prosper's mother was living in Philadelphia as a single-mother and a widow, believing or asserting that her husband James Armstrong had died as a result of wounds sustained in the fighting in the Caribbean. Instead Prosper's British stepfather, who had indeed been invalided in the Caribbean, had been sent home to England, and had, knowingly or unknowingly, earlier remarried bigamously in England in late 1799 after having lost contact with Prosper's mother. Prosper's mother then, knowingly or unknowingly, remarried bigamously in Philadelphia in late 1803. She married Joseph Coulon (1763–1815), a Frenchman and naturalised American citizen (Philadelphia 1798), an import merchant, who had connections with France, with Pondicherry in India, with Mauritius, and possibly also with the Caribbean.
According to Prosper's 1830 statement he left Philadelphia in 1812 and travelled to China, and he also resided in Mauritius, India and "other British Colonies". This part of Prosper's 1830 statement was largely correct. Prosper had left Philadelphia in 1812 working in the shipping industry for his stepfather, Joseph Coulon, as supercargo. Then, no longer working for his stepfather who had died at the end of 1815 as the result of a shipwreck of the coast of New Jersey, the much travelled twenty-five-year-old arrived in Sydney on 4 April 1818 on board the Schooner the "Magnet" which had sailed from Kolkata via Mauritius to Sydney. (Coincidentally a ship that was later wrecked off the coast of a whaling station in New Zealand less than 2 weeks before Prosper died in September 1844.) After living in various countries and arriving in Sydney as supercargo on the “Magnet”, Prosper liked what he saw, and decided to stay. Prosper set himself up in business in Sydney as an import merchant. Using his overseas trade connections through fellow American citizens in China, he began to import goods, including tea. He was able to import Chinese goods into Sydney because he was not a British subject but an American one. He was then able to undersell other Sydney merchants who, as British subjects, had to buy their tea and other Chinese goods from the British East India Company which had been granted a monopoly. (When he first arrived in Sydney Prosper never claimed to be a British citizen, as he later did in 1830, as it would not have served his then commercial interests. Even though the British East India Company retained its monopoly until 1833, and Prosper's claiming to be a British citizen in 1830 would hurt his trade in goods from China, he was no longer so dependent on this trade. He had branched out by that time into many other commercial dealings, of which obtaining the registration of his ship was the most important in 1830.)
Prosper's commercial trading advantage, from his importation of goods form China, was seen by other Sydney merchants as unfair and caused resentment. One of the disgruntled was Edward Eagar, an emancipist who had been disbarred from practicing law in New South Wales and had instead become a merchant. In 1820 Edward Eagar brought a "qui tam" action against the American merchant Prosper de Mestre. This was a highly technical action under the antiquated "Navigation Act" which prohibited aliens from ""trading in the King's plantations"". Described by the court as a ""gentleman convict"", Eagar's legal ploy was an attempt to ruin Prosper, and to benefit financially himself. If successful Prosper would have been bankrupted as his estates would have been forfeited: two-thirds going to the Crown (the King and Governor); and the remainder to the informer, Eagar. Prosper successfully defended the action on a legal technicality. He pleaded ""that a convicted felon could not sue in a British Court of Justice"". Although in 1818 Governor Lachlan Macquarie had given Eager an absolute pardon, his name, like other former convicts, had not been inserted in any ""General Pardon under the Great Seal"". Therefore, under British Law, the colonial pardon was not recognised. Justice Barron Field of the Supreme Court of New South Wales agreed with Prosper's argument, and Eagar's action failed. As a result Eagar, along with others of like mind, began to organize to protect the rights of emancipists and improve their doubtful status, advocating the cause of ""equitable justice for all emancipists"". One of those of like mind that Eagar collaborated with was the child of a convict, and barrister, William Charles Wentworth, who returned to Sydney from overseas in 1823.
On 1 March 1821 31-year-old Prosper married 19-year-old Mary Ann Black (1801–1861) at St Philip's Church, Sydney. Mary Ann, not yet "of full age" and 12 years his junior, was the daughter of the privateer (state-sanctioned pirate) and ship's captain John Black, and the former convict Mary Hyde who in 1855 took the Commissioners of City of Sydney to the House of Lords and won. Mary was also the stepdaughter of Simeon Lord, an emancipist, and a pioneer merchant and magistrate in early Sydney. Mary Ann was a good catch for de Mestre, with her stepfather Simeon Lord's connections being invaluable to Prosper's business dealings. Over the next 20 years Prosper and Mary Ann had ten children. The youngest of their three sons was horse trainer Etienne Livingstone de Mestre (1832–1916) who after his father's death established a horse stud, stable and racecourse on Prosper's former property of "Terara" near the mouth of the Shoalhaven River, and won five Melbourne Cups winners, including the first two in 1861 and 1862.
William Charles Wentworth's collaboration with Eagar, following Eagar's unsuccessful action against Prosper in 1820, did not stop Wentworth from acting professionally for Prosper. In 1825 William Charles Wentworth, who Prosper had met through his stepfather Simeon Lord, acted for Prosper in successfully urged the New South Wales Legislative Council for a special Act to naturalise de Mestre. The Act was passed on 30 August 1825, and published in the Sydney Gazette and New South Wales Advertiser by the Governor Brisbane|Sir Thomas Brisbane on 1 September. Under this Act of the First Legislative Council of New South Wales (6 Geo. IV, no. 17 Naturalization (Prosper de Mestre) Act. 30 August 1825) Prosper took the necessary oaths in September 1825, the second person, and second American citizen, to be naturalized in the Colony of New South Wales. This colonial naturalisation declared Prosper to be a ""Natural-born Subject of Great Britain, and to be entitled to all the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, which are conferred on Foreign Protestants"".
The legality of the colonial naturalisation to make Prosper a British subject was questioned five years later in 1830. Wentworth, who for political and professional reasons would not have wanted the court to need to consider the legality of naturalisation act passed by the Legislative Council of New South Wales in 1825, again advised Prosper during the 1830 action. The court needed to be able to declare Prosper a British subject by other means. It is of no co-incidence that, in 1790 shortly before his parents arrived at the penal settlement of Norfolk Island, Wentworth had been born at sea on a British ship. His place of birth ensured that Wentworth's legal status as a British subject was protected. If Prosper claimed to have been born at sea on a British ship, Prosper could establish that he was a British subject, and his application to register a British ship would succeed. As a supposed British subject by birth, Prosper's social and legal status in the colony would also be improved. A carefully crafted statement was drafted that mixed fact with fiction. Prosper had been born in France before his family had moved to Martinique, where his soldier father had been killed in action against the British in March 1794. If instead he said that he had been born at sea while his family had been escaping from the French Revolution on a British vessel, and, being careful not to mention which side his father had been fighting for, at a time before his father died; then Prosper could not only establish that he was a British subject, but also obtain a sympathetic hearing. He also needed to explain his known connection with America, and more sympathy would be given if he mentioned his residence in India and ""other British Colonies"", his mother's marriage to a British Officer, his own marriage to a British subject, and his then 5 children. No one doubted the word and signed statement of such a prominent businessman. Chief Justice (Sir) Francis Forbes of the Supreme Court of New South Wales was impressed, and the court ruled (incorrectly) that Prosper was a British subject because he had been born on the high seas in a British ship.
Prosper's commercial interests in the Colony of New South Wales were mainly in shipping and whaling, but he also became active in wider commerce. In June 1823 he was elected a director of Sydney and Van Diemen's Land Packet Company. In June 1825 he was elected to the committee of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales. Prosper was a director of the Bank of New South Wales (1822–23, 1826–28, 1829–42), and in the 1830s he was a director of the Australian Marine Assurance Company. In 1840 he was a founder of the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of Sydney.
Prosper de Mestre was a benevolent man, who regularly donated to charities. These included the Benevolent Fund, and the Catholic Chapel Fund, which financed the building of St. Mary's Cathedral, the first Catholic Church in the community. He had been born a Roman Catholic, but he also became active in church affairs of the Church of England, the religion of his wife and children, and the official religion of the Colony. In 1836 as a supporter of the Church of England he joined the committee in opposition to the proposed National School System and in 1841 he became a trustee of Christ Church St. Laurence.
Prosper was also involved in many real estate dealings. His first property purchase was in 1821 in George Street, Sydney, an allotment that had been received by his brother-in-law John Henry Black as his dower, and that was next door to a portion of land that his wife Mary Ann had also received as her dower on her marriage, and had been held trust by her stepfather Simeon Lord from an original land lease given to her father Captain John Black. It was on the George Street properties that his wife had been born, and on the George Street properties that Prosper resided with his family, and also had his counting house. The site is found today at a small lane named De Mestre Place. In addition to the George Street properties, Prosper applied for his first land grant, and on 7 September 1821 was granted at West Bargo, near Camden. The grant was on condition that he maintain and employed 7 convicts on the property. In 1831-32 he bought a section of land (the Helsarmel Estate) at Leichhardt from a Captain Piper. In 1824 (prior to his 1825 naturalisation) Prosper De Mestre was first promised a land grant by Governor Thomas Brisbane. were authorised on the southern shore of the Shoalhaven River near present day Nowra in 1829. However he did not receive the grant until 1836 from Governor Sir Richard Bourke, and he named the property "Terara". The homestead Mill Bank House which still stands in Millbank Road, was probably erected at this time, and a village named Terara soon began to develop. He eventually owned several houses in Sydney, including his main house, at Petersham, and many farm allotments. To consolidate some of his business investments, on 31 May 1837, at "the Premises lately occupied by Prosper De Mestre" at George Street he sold at auction a number of properties, being: at Brisbane Water; in the parish of Holdsworth; building allotments in Kent St, Sydney; four farms at Lane Cove; at Camden; and at Ellulang. He no longer needed to live in the George Street property as he had moved his residence to the corner of Liverpool and Elizabeth Streets, Sydney as he had purchased an "excellent mansion" overlooking and situated at the south end of Hyde Park. Finally he also received another land grant of called Yerrigong on the Calymea Creek about six miles (10 km) west of Terara granted by Governor George Gipps on 17 February 1841.
On 31 May 1837 he also sold 50 shares in the Australian Marine Assurance Company, the Hoffan's Cordials business, and a lithographic press. Then, due to the depression of the early 1840s, and failing health, Prosper become insolvent in 1844. Most of his land and property needed to be auctioned to pay his debts. As the George Street property had been her dower, his wife Mary Ann questioned whether it should be included in the sale. Her solution was that the more valuable George Street property could be included in the sale, if the Shoalhaven properties were not. In exchange she also asked for "the whole of the plate, horses etc., etc., on the establishment in Liverpool Street, the six cows, horse and cart at Helsarmel", and to be "permitted to occupy the thirty-two acres at Petersham until the house at Shoal Haven can be rendered fit for the residence of my family." His house in Liverpool St, and its "elegant Household Furniture", was sold by auction on 16 May 1844, and the family was moved to briefly to Petersham and then onto Terara, which Prosper had initially developed as a hobby farm.
A few months later, on 14 September 1844, after a short illness, Prosper died and was buried at "Terara".

</doc>
<doc id="20781814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781814" title="2nd parallel south">
2nd parallel south

The 2nd parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 2 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Southeast Asia, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the prime meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 2° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20781818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781818" title="Balurghat subdivision">
Balurghat subdivision

Balurghat subdivision is a subdivision of the South Dinajpur district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Balurghat municipality and four community development blocs: Hili, Balurghat, Kumarganj and Tapan. The four blocks contain 35 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Balurghat.
Area.
Apart from the Balurghat municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 35 gram panchayats under four community development blocs: Hili, Balurghat, Kumarganj and Tapan. There is no urban area under these four blocks, except two urban outgrowths—Chak Bhrigu and Baidynathpara in Balurghat block.
Blocks.
Hili block.
Rural area under Hili block consists of five gram panchayats, viz. Binshira, Hili, Panjul, Dhalpara and Jamalpur. Hili police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Hili.
Balurghat block.
Rural area under Balurghat block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Amritakhand, Chakvrigu, Gopalbati, Patiram, Bolla, Chingishpur, Jalghar, Vatpara, Boaldar, Danga and Najirpur. Chak Bhrigu and Baidynathpara were two urban outgrowths noted in census 2001. Balurghat police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Beltola Park.
Kumarganj block.
Rural area under Kumarganj block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Batun, Deor, Mohana, Safanagar, Bhour, Jakirpur, Ramkrishnapur and Samjia. Kumarganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Gopalgunj.
Tapan block.
Rural area under Tapan block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Ajmatpur, Gophanagar, Hazratpur, Rampara Chenchra, Autina, Gurail, Malancha, Tapanchandipur, Dwipkhanda, Harsura and Ramchandrapur. Tapan police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Tapan.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the Kumarganj block will be part of the Kumarganj assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Balurghat municipality, the Hilli block, and the gram panchayats of Amritakhand, Vatpara and Chingishpur under the Balurghat block will together constitute the Balurghat assembly constituency. The other eight gram panchayats under the Balurghat block, viz. Chakvrigu, Gopalbati, Patiram, Bolla, Jalghar, Boaldar, Danga and Najirpur will form the Tapan assembly constituency along with the gram panchayats of Dwipkhanda, Gophanagar, Harsura, Malancha and Tapanchandipur under the Tapan block. The other six gram panchayats under the Tapan block, viz. Ajmatpur, Hazratpur, Rampara Chenchra, Autina, Gurail and Ramchandrapur, will be part of the Gangarampur assembly constituency. The Gangarampur constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates, whereas the Tapan constituency will be reserved for Scheduled tribes (ST). All the four constituencies will be part of the Balurghat (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20781819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781819" title="Miglutė Gerdaitytė">
Miglutė Gerdaitytė

Miglutė Gerdaitytė (b. 21 January 1940 in Šiauliai, Lithuania) is a physician and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
Gerdaitytė received her degree in medicine from Vilnius University in 1963 and returned to practice in Šiauliai, going on to serve as the chief physician in its regional hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20781823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781823" title="WVBL-LP">
WVBL-LP

WVBL-LP (99.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format. Licensed to Salem, West Virginia, USA. The station is currently owned by Miracle Meadows School.

</doc>
<doc id="20781824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781824" title="Jeremy Hardy Gives Good Sex">
Jeremy Hardy Gives Good Sex

Jeremy Hardy Gives Good Sex is a 1995 comedic short film, which is about a guide to good sex, including 'Dr' Jeremy Hardy's comedy sketches.

</doc>
<doc id="20781841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781841" title="Romeynshof (Rotterdam Metro)">
Romeynshof (Rotterdam Metro)

Romeynshof is a subway station on line A of the Rotterdam Metro system, and is situated in Rotterdam-Ommoord. It is located between Graskruid station, where lines A and B split, and Binnenhof station, the northern terminus of line A.
Trains coming from Binnenhof will depart for Schiedam Centrum for most of the day. After 5 pm their destination will be Kralingse Zoom and at night Alexander.
This station was opened on May 28, 1983 when the East-West Line (also formerly the Caland line) was extended from its previous terminus Capelsebrug. Note that this section uses overhead wires to provide traction power.

</doc>
<doc id="20781849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781849" title="Crossroads, Mississippi">
Crossroads, Mississippi

Crossroads (or Cross Roads) msy refer to the following unincorporated communities in the U.S. state of Mississippi:

</doc>
<doc id="20781851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781851" title="Gangarampur subdivision">
Gangarampur subdivision

Gangarampur subdivision is a subdivision of the South Dinajpur district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Gangarampur municipality and four community development blocs: Gangarampur, Bangsihari, Harirampur and Kushmandi. The four blocks contain 30 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Gangarampur.
Area.
Apart from the Gangarampur municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 30 gram panchayats under four community development blocs: Gangarampur, Bangsihari, Harirampur and Kushmandi. There is no urban area under these four blocks.
Blocks.
Gangarampur block.
Rural area under Gangarampur block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Ashokegram, Belbari–II, Gangarampur, Sukdevpur, Basuria, Chaloon, Jahangirpur, Uday, Belbari–I, Damdama and 4no.Nandanpur. Gangarampur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Gangarampur.
Bansihari block.
Rural area under Bansihari block consists of five gram panchayats, viz. Ellahabad, Ganguria, Shibpur, Brajaballavpur and Mahabari. Bansihari police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Buniadpur.
Harirampur block.
Rural area under Harirampur block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Bagichapur, Gokarna, Saiyadpur, Bairhatta, Pundari and Shirshi. Harirampur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Harirampur.
Kushmandi block.
Rural area under Kushmandi block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Akcha, Deul, Karanji, Maligaon, Beroil, Kalikamora, Kushmandi and Udaypur. Kushmandi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kushmandi.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the Kushmandi block and the gram panchayats of Belbari–II, Jahangirpur and Sukdevpur under the Gangarampur block together will constitute the Kushmandi assembly constituency of West Bengal. The gram panchayats of Ashokegram, Basuria, Chaloon an Uday under the Gangarampur block will be part of the Kumarganj assembly constituency. The Gangarampur municipality and the gram panchayats of Gangarampur, Belbari–I, Damdama and Nandanpur under the Gangarampur block will be part of the Gangarampur assembly constituency. The Harirampur block and the Bangsihari block will form the Harirampur assembly constituency. Kushmandi and Gangarampur constituencies will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. All the four assembly constituencies will be part of the Balurghat (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20781861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781861" title="Fiddlin' Arthur Smith">
Fiddlin' Arthur Smith

Fiddlin' Arthur Smith (April 10, 1898 - February 28, 1971) was an American old time fiddler and a big influence on the old time and bluegrass music genres.
Biography.
Smith was born and raised on a farm near Bold Springs, Tennessee. He learned to play the fiddle at an early age, his first influence being the fiddlers Grady Stringer and Walter Warden. He married in 1914 at the age of sixteen. Initially he began performing at local dances and fiddlers' conventions. He teamed up with his wife Nettie, his cousin Homer Smith and fiddler Floyd Ethredge. In 1921, Smith began working as a logger and a linesman for a railroad company in Dickson, Tennessee. In his work he had to make extensive travels and that enabled him to meet other musicians along the way. He attended several fiddle contests across Tennessee winning the bulk of them. 
Smith made his solo debut as a fiddler on the Grand Ole Opry on December 23, 1927. He was made a member of The Opry in the 1920s. Within weeks he was accompanied by his cousin Homer Smith. In the meantime, Fiddlin' Arthur Smith continued to work on the railroad. In the 1930s, Smith formed "The Dixieliners" together with the McGee Brothers and his daughter Lavonne who played the piano. They became a regular act on the Opry in May 1932 performing popular songs such as "Walking In My Sleep", "Pig In the Pen" and "Blackberry Blossom". The Dixieliners toured the countryside featuring Uncle Dave Macon and the Delmore Brothers on some of these tours. In January 1935, Smith made his first recordings with the Delmore Brothers on the Bluebird label. In 1936, Smith began to sing on his recordings on songs such as, "Chittlin' Cookin' Time in Cheatham County", "There's More Pretty Girls Than One" and his signature song "Beautiful Brown Eyes". That particular song, recorded in August 1937, led Smith to take action in court against some cover artists who had recorded the song as if it was in the public domain. He ended up winning the suit.
Because of the hard work it took to maintain two full-time jobs, on the railroad and as a professional musician, Smith fell into hard drinking. In February 1938, it led to a temporary three-month suspension from the Opry. With assistance from Roy Acuff, Smith returned to the music circuit.
In 1938, Smith's first recordings as "Arthur Smith & His Dixieliners" appeared on Bluebird, a band name he would again and again revisit, into the 1960s. In 1939, Smith joined the "Tennessee Valley Boys", consisting of Howdy Forrester and Georgia Slim Rutland. The following year, he left to join the "Shelton Brothers" in Shreveport, Louisiana. Once again, he left and instead formed a new group, "The Band of Arthurs", in Decatur, Alabama with his daughter Lavonne and some other musicians all named Arthur. 
In the early 1940s, Smith joined the "Bailes Brothers," and published two songbooks, "Songs From the Hills of Tennessee" and "Arthur Smith's Original Song Folio no.1". In the following years, he performed with artists like Rex Griffin and Jimmy Wakely. This led to an invitation from Hollywood in 1944 to appear in some low budget westerns. His film career ended in 1948. Smith signed with Capitol Records, but to avoid confusion with the newcomer Arthur "Guitar Boogie" Smith, Fiddlin' Arthur Smith's recordings were released under the name of "The Original Arthur Smith and His Dixieliners". After a brief stint with Billy Walker, Smith retired, and briefly worked as a carpenter in Nashville.
Roy Acuff performed and recorded Smith's song, "Beautiful, Brown Eyes". This led to several cover artists recording the song believing it was in the public domain, and Smith had to sue them in court. He eventually won the suit and received a lump sum.
Smith made a come-back and joined up with Merle Travis. In 1957, Mike Seeger arranged a recording session with Smith and the McGee Brothers held in Kirk McGee's living room. Eight years later, the recordings were released on an album resulting in great approval from old time music fans.
In 1965, Smith and the McGee Brothers appeared at the Newport Folk Festival. He made his last appearance in 1969 with Sleepy Marlin and Tommy Riggs. Smith died in 1971 and was buried near McEwen, Tennessee.
Discography.
78s: 
In various prewar lineups Smith recorded singles on Bluebird, Victor, Regal Zonophone (Australia), The Twin (India), and Montgomery Ward labels, and in the postwar years on Black & White, Capitol, and Urban.
LPs: 
Reissued material also appears on:
Additional Resources.
Answers.com

</doc>
<doc id="20781869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781869" title="Rachel Sutherland">
Rachel Sutherland

Rachel Anne Sutherland (born 3 August 1976 in Nelson, New Zealand) is a female field hockey player from New Zealand, who represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. There she finished in sixth place with the Women's National Team, wearing the number five jersey. Sutherland was affiliated with Emeralds, Manawatu.

</doc>
<doc id="20781885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781885" title="Graskruid (Rotterdam Metro)">
Graskruid (Rotterdam Metro)

Graskruid is a subway station on lines A and B of the Rotterdam Metro and is situated in the northeastern part of Rotterdam. At Graskruid station, the track splits into the two station short Line A branch and the longer Line B branch. The station consists of an island platform between two running tracks.
This station was opened on May 28, 1983 when the East-West Line (also formerly called Caland line) was extended from its previous terminus Capelsebrug.

</doc>
<doc id="20781905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781905" title="WKJV-LP">
WKJV-LP

WKJV-LP is a Southern Gospel/Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bristol, Virginia, serving Bristol, Virginia and Bristol, Tennessee. WKJV-LP is owned and operated by Belle Meadows Baptist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20781911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781911" title="Autonomous Agrarian Union">
Autonomous Agrarian Union

The Autonomous Agrarian Union (, "Avtonomnyj Zemledel'českij Sojuz", abbreviated АЗС) was a political party in Czechoslovakia, which fought for autonomy for Subcarpathia. The party was founded as the Subcarpathian Agrarian Union (, abbreviated ПЗС). The party published "Russkij vestnik". It was represented in the Czechoslovak parliament by Ivan Kurtyak.
The party was one of the more prominent Ruthenian parties in Czechoslovakia. The party gathered support from farmers, teachers and the pro-'Greater Russian' tendency amongst Greek Catholic clergy. The supporters of the party included many landowning farmers who had been supportive of Hungarian rule and pro-Hungarian intellectuals and priests. The party functioned as a vehicle for pro-Hungarian positions in the Czechoslovak political scene, receiving financial subsidies from Hungary.
In the 1924 and 1925 elections, the party contested on its own. In 1924 (when voters in Subcarpathia were able to elect delegates to the Czechoslovak parliament for the first time) the party got 21,161 votes, whilst in the 1925 election the party received 28,799 votes. Ahead of the 1929 Czechoslovak parliamentary election it formed an electoral bloc, the Russian National Bloc, together with the National Democrats and two minor Ruthenian parties. The Russian National Bloc got 48,509 votes.
On November 26, 1930, Kurtyak presented a parliamentary motion for autonomy for Carpathian Ruthenia. The proposal gained support from the members of parliament of the German National Party, German National Socialist Workers Party and Hungarian parties.
After Kurtyak's death in 1933, his seat was taken over by the editor A. Brody. In the 1935 Czechoslovak parliamentary election, the party contested in coalition with the Slovak National Party. The bloc did not pass the threshold to win any seats in parliament. It received 44,982 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20781912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781912" title="Doublethink">
Doublethink

Doublethink is the act of ordinary people simultaneously accepting two mutually contradictory beliefs as correct, often in distinct social contexts. Doublethink is related to, but differs from, hypocrisy and neutrality. Somewhat related but almost the opposite is cognitive dissonance, where contradictory beliefs cause conflict in one's mind. Doublethink is notable due to a lack of cognitive dissonance — thus the person is completely unaware of any conflict or contradiction.
George Orwell coined the word "doublethink" in his dystopian novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four" (1984); doublethink is part of newspeak. In the novel, its origin within the typical citizen is unclear; while it could be partly a product of Big Brother's formal brainwashing programs, the novel explicitly shows people learning Doublethink and newspeak due to peer pressure and a desire to "fit in", or gain status within the Party — to be seen as a loyal Party Member. In the novel, for someone to even recognize–let alone mention–any contradiction within the context of the Party line was akin to blasphemy, and could subject that someone to possible disciplinary action and to the instant social disapproval of fellow Party Members.
Origin and concepts.
According to the novel, doublethink is:
Orwell explains that the Party could not protect its iron power without degrading its people with constant propaganda. Yet knowledge of this brutal deception, even within the Inner Party itself, could lead to the implosion of the State. Although "Nineteen Eighty-Four" is most famous for the Party's pervasive surveillance of everyday life, this control means that the population of Oceania – "all of it" and including the ruling elite – could be controlled and manipulated merely through the alteration of everyday thought and language. Newspeak is the method for controlling thought through language; doublethink is the method of directly controlling thought.
Earlier in the book, doublethink is explained as being able to control your memories, to be able to manually forget something, then to forget about forgetting. This is demonstrated by O'Brien, during the time when Winston Smith is being tortured toward the end of the book. 
Newspeak incorporates doublethink, as it contains many words that create assumed associations between contradictory meanings, especially true of fundamentally important words such as "good" and "evil", "right" and "wrong", "truth" and "falsehood", and "justice" and "injustice".
In the case of workers at the Records Department in the Ministry of Truth, doublethink means being able to falsify public records, and then believe in the new history that they themselves have just rewritten. As revealed in Goldstein's Book, the Ministry's name is itself an example of doublethink: the Ministry of Truth is really concerned with lies. The other ministries of Airstrip One are similarly named: the Ministry of Peace is concerned with war, the Ministry of Love is concerned with torture, and the Ministry of Plenty is concerned with starvation. The three slogans of the Party – "War is Peace", "Freedom is Slavery", and "Ignorance is Strength" – are also examples.
Moreover, doublethink's self-deception allows the Party to maintain huge goals and realistic expectations:
Thus each Party member could be a credulous pawn but would never lack relevant information, the Party being both fanatical and well informed and thus unlikely either to "ossify" or "grow soft" and collapse. Doublethink would avoid a "killing the messenger" attitude that could disturb the Command structure. Thus doublethink is the key tool of self-discipline for the Party, complementing the state-imposed discipline of propaganda and the police state. These tools together hide the government's evil not just from the people but from the government itself – but without the confusion and misinformation associated with primitive totalitarian regimes.
Doublethink is critical in allowing the Party to know what its true goals are without recoiling from them, avoiding the conflation of a regime's egalitarian propaganda with its true purpose.
Paradoxically, during the long and harrowing process in which the protagonist Winston Smith is systematically tortured and broken, he contemplates using doublethink as the ultimate recourse in his rebellion – to let himself become consciously a loyal party member while letting his hatred of the party remain an unconscious presence deep in his mind and let it surface again at the very moment of his execution so that "the bullet would enter a free mind" which the Thought Police would not have a chance to tamper with again.
Since 1949 (when "Nineteen Eighty-Four" was published) the word "doublethink" has become synonymous with relieving cognitive dissonance by ignoring the contradiction between two world views – or even of deliberately seeking to relieve cognitive dissonance. Some schools of psychotherapy such as cognitive therapy encourage people to alter their own thoughts as a way of treating different psychological maladies (see cognitive distortions).
Orwell's "doublethink" is also credited with having inspired the commonly used term "doublespeak", which itself does not appear in the book. Comparisons have been made between doublespeak and Orwell's descriptions on political speech from his essays "Politics and the English Language", in which "unscrupulous politicians, advertisers, religionists, and other doublespeakers of whatever stripe continue to abuse language for manipulative purposes".

</doc>
<doc id="20781914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781914" title="Patrick Carew">
Patrick Carew

Patrick James S. "Paddy" Carew (10 September 1875 – 31 March 1942) was an Australian rugby union national and state representative and a first-class cricketer. 
Carew, a prop, was born in Pine Mountain, Queensland and claimed a total of four international rugby caps for Australia. All of those caps came in friendlies against Great Britain in 1899. His debut game was against Great Britain, at Sydney, on 24 June 1899, the inaugural rugby Test match played by an Australian national representative side. He was one of only five Queenslanders selected in that first Test. Four weeks later he played in the second Test at Brisbane. His performance in that match was noted as "excellent" by the press. He played in all four Tests of the series and made a Queensland state appearance against those same tourists in Brisbane in 1 July 1899.
At cricket he played as a right arm bowler and in five first-class matches with Queensland, between the 1899/00 and 1902/03 seasons, took nine wickets at 35.77. His brother James also represented Queensland at cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="20781929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781929" title="1912–13 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1912–13 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1912-13 campaign was a season which saw Town establish themselves as a possible force to be reckoned with in Division 2. They would finish in 5th place under new manager Arthur Fairclough.
Review.
After managing to survive the threat of liquidation the previous season, the team managed to emerge as a force in Division 2 under Arthur Fairclough. The attacking forces of James Macauley and Frank Mann helped Town reach 5th place, just 7 points behind 2nd placed Burnley.

</doc>
<doc id="20781931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781931" title="Oosterflank (Rotterdam Metro)">
Oosterflank (Rotterdam Metro)

Oosterflank is a subway station on Rotterdam Metro lines A and B, and is situated in the northeastern part of Rotterdam, in the borough Prins Alexander. The station is named after the neighbourhood Oosterflank, situated just east of the subway station.
This station was opened on May 28, 1983 when the East-West Line (also formerly the Caland line) was extended from its previous terminus Capelsebrug. Note that this section uses overhead wires to provide traction power.
At Oosterflank station, passengers can transfer to RET-buslines 36 and 37.

</doc>
<doc id="20781939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781939" title="The Mote and the Beam">
The Mote and the Beam

The Mote and the Beam (also called discourse on judgmentalism) is a proverbial saying of Jesus given in the "Sermon on the Mount". in the Gospel of Matthew, chapter 7, verses . The discourse is fairly brief, and begins by telling his disciples not to judge others, arguing that they too would be judged by the same standard. The "Sermon on the Plain" has a similar passage in .
Narrative.
The New Testament text is as follows:
The first two verses use plural "ye" and "you", and the next three verses use the singular "thou", "thy" and "thine" to the individual. ( also uses "thou" after using "ye" in .
Interpretation.
The moral lesson is to avoid hypocrisy, self-righteousness, and censoriousness. The analogy used is of a small object in another's eye as compared with a large beam of wood in one's own. The original Greek word translated as "mote" ( "karphos") meant "any small dry body". The terms "mote" and "beam", more common in Early Modern English, are from the King James Version and are equivalent in modern speech to the words "speck" and "board", respectively. 
In the analogy, the one seeking to remove the impediment in the eye of his brother always has the larger impediment in his own eye, suggesting that the greater blindness and hypocrisy usually belongs to the one who attempts to regulate his brother. 
A proverb of this sort was familiar to the Jews and appears in numerous other cultures too. For example, Herbert Lockyer noted the influence of the parable on the Scottish poet Robert Burns, who famously wrote:
"Oh, wad some Power the giftie gie us, To see ourselves as others see us!"

</doc>
<doc id="20781940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781940" title="Virgil Villavicencio">
Virgil Villavicencio

Virgil Vargas Villavicencio is assistant manager of Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association and former assistant coach of Talk 'N Text's championship-winning team in the 2003 All-Filipino Cup. Villavicencio is also a former head coach of the La Salle Green Archers in the UAAP and led the team to consecutive runner-up finishes in 1994 and 1995.
Basketball career.
Villavicencio played for the La Salle Green Archers in the collegiate ranks between 1972 and 1976, and was part of the 1974-75 NCAA championship-winning team, alongside former PBA legend Lim Eng Beng.
Coaching career.
Villavicencio coached the Ateneo Blue Eaglets high school basketball team to five consecutive titles in the Metro Manila Basketball League (1989–1993) and four consecutive runner-up spots in the UAAP Juniors Division (1989–1992). In 1993, he was appointed head coach of the La Salle Green Archers, and in his first year guided the team to a second-place finish in a tournament dominated by UST. In the next season, 1994-95, he led the team even closer to the title, as they won the first of a three-game Final series against UST, before losing the second game by 14 points and then the deciding game by a single point. He repeated this feat in the next season, as La Salle again beat UST in the first game of the Finals, only to lose the second game by four points and the third game by three points to finish runner-up for the third season running.
Alongside his collegiate coaching duties, Villavicencio was assistant coach of the Triple-V team in the Philippine Basketball League, helping them to championships in the 1991 and 1992 seasons. In 1995 he coached the Philippine youth national basketball team at the 13th Asian Youth Basket Ball Championship.
After this, Villavicencio moved on to the Philippine Basketball Association, where he was assistant coach of Talk 'N Text (then known as the Phone Pals) as they won the 2003 All-Filipino Cup. The team continued to perform well, finishing third in the transitional 2004 conference and reaching the Finals of the 2004-05 Philippine Cup only to lose 4-2 to Barangay Ginebra Kings. Villavicencio left the coaching staff in 2005 but returned to Talk 'N Text as part of the management team in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20781963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781963" title="Funeral Oration (Lysias)">
Funeral Oration (Lysias)

Funeral Oration is a speech by Lysias, one of the "Canon of Ten" Attic orators (Speech 2 in Lamb's translation).

</doc>
<doc id="20781965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781965" title="MaslowWM">
MaslowWM

MaslowWM is a window manager for the X Window System, allowing graphical applications to be run on Unix-like operating-systems. It is designed to be easily usable and feature-rich, but not so many features that becomes unusable. MaslowWM has many of the same concepts as most Window Managers, but implements them differently.
Features.
MaslowWM has various features. The features listed here are the main ones MaslowWM implements.
QMenus - A program menuing system used to access applications, documents and administration areas. Each menu can have a maximum of 3 sub-menus. The primary menu is located at the bottom of the screen, similar to the Mac OS X dock.
SWarning (SW) - Provides a warning system used when the user starts shut down. Will warn users of unsaved files, downloading files and other processes.
ZugZug - A programming client that takes basic commands and axes through thick resources.
SRSS (Shut Down and Restarting System) - Saves system state on shut down, Any programs and documents that where open before shut down, are restored on start-up to their status before shut down. (Example: Web Browser is open with Wikipedia, user shuts down but does not close web browser, when started back up the web browser is in the same state it was at the shut down)
MaslowOS.
The MaslowWM is intended to be part of MaslowOS, an operating system based on BSD or another Unix-like system. Currently plans for the operating system have been placed far in the future and very little planning has been done from what is known.

</doc>
<doc id="20781970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781970" title="Thornton Watlass Hall">
Thornton Watlass Hall

Thornton Watlass Hall is a large Grade I listed Georgian country house in Thornton Watlass, North Yorkshire, England, some 3 miles (5 km) north of Masham.
It is constructed of stone with an 18th century gabled 2 storey main block and 16th century wings at each end. A long stable wing is attached.
History.
The estate had descended in the Thoresby family until the heiress Agnes Thoresby married Thomas Dodsworth in 1415. The original house was substantially rebuilt in 1723–27. The west wing was added in 1780 and the east wing in 1800. 
By the mid-1700s the house and estate had descended in the Dodsworth family to Henrietta, daughter of John Dodsworth and sister and heiress of Frederick Dodsworth, who married John Silvester Smith of Newland Park, Drax. John Silvester was created a Baronet in 1784. His son, the 2nd Baronet, adopted the name Dodsworth in 1821 and the 4th Baronet later assumed the family name of Smith-Dodsworth. Sir David John Smith-Dodsworth, the 9th Baronet, now occupies the house.
Today Thornton Watlass Hall is still a private home, but also provides hotel accommodation. The Hall has been featured over the years on several television dramas, including "All Creatures Great and Small" (BBC), "Wuthering Heights" (ITV) and "Heartbeat" (ITV) where it has featured as Ashfordly Hall and Websters Hotel for the past nine years.

</doc>
<doc id="20781972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781972" title="If You Are the One">
If You Are the One

If You Are the One () is a 2008 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Feng Xiaogang and starring Ge You and Shu Qi. The film has been very successful at the Chinese box office, and has became one of Feng's top grossing films to date, and has earned over ¥364 million (US$53.7 million) at the box office.
Plot.
Qin Fen (Ge) returns to China in his late forties after many years overseas. He didn't earn any type of degree while he was overseas. However, he is good with convincing others. He becomes a multimillionaire after selling an "innovative invention" to a high-profile (but foolish) angel investor (Fan). With his new fortune, Qin decides to put an end to his bachelor life and advertises online for potential partners to apply "if you are the one", that is, only if they are sincere.
He encounters various candidates, from a homosexual former friend, a cemetery saleswoman with a thick southern-Chinese accent, a pathological amnesiac, an ethnic minority pecking hen, an erotophobic widow, an expectant single mother (Hsu), and a stock-holding trader. Eventually, he crosses paths with air stewardess Liang Xiaoxiao (Shu), who previously had a painful love affair with a married man (Fong). Qin strikes up an unexpected friendship with Liang, which eventually blossoms into love during a trip to Hokkaido.
Production.
"If You Are the One" was filmed in locations throughout Beijing and Hangzhou in China, and Hokkaido in Japan from August, 2008 to October, 2008.
Critical reception.
The film was a box office hit in the mainland and received largely positive reviews.
"Variety" states: "After taking a left turn into big-budgeters "The Banquet" and "Assembly", Feng Xiaogang returns to the kind of film that made his name -- ironic observational comedies," and described the film as a "beautifully observed relationship movie is overly discursive in its second half but always watchable, thanks to terrific chemistry between Feng regular Ge You and Taiwanese actress Shu Qi."
"The Hollywood Reporter" states: "Feng Xiaogang makes an assured return to his trademark genre, the romantic comedy. "If You Are the One", a diverting urban lark about an unlikely couple coming together through blind dates, sports an affable cast and untaxing plot, harking back to the airy playfulness of his 1998 hit "Be There or Be Square"."
Perry Lam of "Muse" Magazine praised 'the unreserved energy Feng devotes to delivering us the predictable, coupled with the unembarrassed pleasure we take in enjoying the obvious. You can still make a movie with a formula, it would appear, so long as you bring the formula to vivid life.'

</doc>
<doc id="20781979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781979" title="Andronov–Pontryagin criterion">
Andronov–Pontryagin criterion

The Andronov–Pontryagin criterion is a necessary and sufficient condition for the stability of dynamical systems in the plane. It was derived by Aleksandr Andronov and Lev Pontryagin in 1937.
Statement.
A dynamical system
where "v" is a "C"1-vector field on the plane, "x"∈R2 ,
is orbitally topologically stable if and only if the following two conditions hold:
The same statement holds if the vector field "v" is defined on the unit disk and is transversal to the boundary.
Clarifications.
Orbital topological stability of a dynamical system means that for any sufficiently small perturbation (in the "C"1-metric), there exists a homeomorphism close to the identity map which transforms the orbits of the original dynamical system to the orbits of the perturbed system (cf structural stability).
The first condition of the theorem is known as global hyperbolicity. A zero of a vector field "v", i.e. a point "x"0 where "v"("x"0)=0, is said to be hyperbolic if none of the eigenvalues of the linearization of "v" at "x"0 is purely imaginary. A periodic orbit of a flow is said to be hyperbolic if none of the eigenvalues of the Poincaré return map at a point on the orbit has absolute value one.
Finally, saddle connection refers to a situation where an orbit from one saddle point enters the same or another saddle point, i.e. the unstable and stable separatrices are connected (cf homoclinic orbit and heteroclinic orbit).

</doc>
<doc id="20781980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781980" title="John Antonelli (infielder)">
John Antonelli (infielder)

John Lawrence Antonelli (July 15, 1915 – April 18, 1990) was an American third baseman in Major League Baseball in 1944–1945 and a longtime coach and manager at the minor league level. The native of Memphis, Tennessee, batted and threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
A manager at age 19.
Antonelli was one of the youngest and least-experienced managers in minor league baseball annals. In , he signed his first professional contract with his hometown Memphis Chicks of the Southern Association, played in three games, batted 11 times, and garnered two hits for a .182 batting average. He was then assigned, at age 19, to be the playing manager of the Lexington Giants of the Class D KITTY League, where he batted .326 and led the Giants to a 42–44 won/loss mark. Antonelli remained a playing skipper in the KITTY League through , where in his final season he managed the Union City Greyhounds, a farm club of the St. Louis Cardinals, to a first-place finish.
After 1937, he suspended his managing career and was purely a second baseman and third baseman with the Cardinals' Houston Buffaloes and Columbus Red Birds farm clubs for almost seven full seasons. Antonelli batted over .300 only once, but led his leagues in fielding percentage as both a second- and third baseman.
MLB service with Cardinals and Phillies.
On September 16, 1944, at age 29, Antonelli was recalled by the Cardinals and played his first National League game. He appeared in eight games for the Cardinals and two more in the beginning of before St. Louis swapped him to the Philadelphia Phillies on May 8. Antonelli played 125 games for the 1945 Phils and batted .256. With the end of the World War II manpower shortage, Antonelli's major league playing career ended. In 135 games and 528 at bats, he batted .252 with one home run and 29 runs batted in.
Manager in Mets' organization.
Antonelli's minor league playing career ended in 1950 as a playing manager, when he led the Hot Springs Bathers to the championship of the Class C Cotton States League. He briefly scouted for the Chicago White Sox in the years following, but largely spent the period of 1951–1967 out of professional baseball. In , the New York Mets established a Double-A Texas League farm team, the Memphis Blues, in Antonelli's hometown and Antonelli returned to uniform as a coach. But in August , Antonelli succeeded Pete Pavlick as the Memphis manager, and led the Blues to six wins in eight games and the Texas League playoff championship. In he was named full-time pilot of the Blues, and he continued as a manager in the Mets farm system through 1976 with Memphis (1970–1972), the Triple-A Tidewater Tides (1973–74), and the Double-A Jackson Mets (1975–1976). His career record as a minor league manager was 745–688 (.520).
Antonelli then served as a roving minor league infield instructor in the Mets' system, through 1985. He died in 1990 in Memphis at the age of 74 and is buried at Calvary Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20781984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781984" title="Behnkendorf">
Behnkendorf

Behnkendorf is a village and a former municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. Since 7 June 2009, it is part of the Sundhagen municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20781999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20781999" title="News">
News

News is the communication of selected information on current events. It is shared in various ways: among individuals and small groups (such as by word of mouth or newsletters); with wider audiences (such as by publishing, either in print or online, or broadcasting, such as on television or radio); or in ways that blend those traits (such as when social media sharing starts among individuals but goes viral).
Etymology.
The English word "news" developed in the 14th century as a special use of the plural form of "new". In Middle English, the equivalent word was "newes", like the French ' and the German "neues". Similar developments are found in the Slavic languages—the Czech and Slovak ' (from "", "new"), the cognate Polish "nowiny" and Russian "novosti"—and in the Celtic languages: the Welsh "newyddion" (from "newydd") and the Cornish "nowodhow" (from "nowydh").
History.
Before the invention of newspapers in the early 17th century, official government bulletins and edicts were circulated at times in some centralized empires.
The first documented use of an organized courier service for the diffusion of written documents is in Egypt, where Pharaohs used couriers for the diffusion of their decrees in the territory of the State (2400 BC). This practice almost certainly has roots in the much older practice of oral messaging and may have been built on a pre-existing infrastructure.
In Ancient Rome, "Acta Diurna", or government announcement bulletins, were made public by Julius Caesar. They were carved in metal or stone and posted in public places.
In China, early government-produced news sheets, called tipao, circulated among court officials during the late Han dynasty (second and third centuries AD). Between 713 and 734, the "Kaiyuan Za Bao" ("Bulletin of the Court") of the Chinese Tang Dynasty published government news; it was handwritten on silk and read by government officials. In 1582 there was the first reference to privately published newssheets in Beijing, during the late Ming Dynasty.
In Early modern Europe, increased cross-border interaction created a rising need for information which was met by concise handwritten newssheets. In 1556, the government of Venice first published the monthly "Notizie scritte", which cost one gazetta. These avvisi were handwritten newsletters and used to convey political, military, and economic news quickly and efficiently to Italian cities (1500–1700)—sharing some characteristics of newspapers though usually not considered true newspapers. Due to low literacy rates, news was at times disseminated by town criers.
Relation aller Fürnemmen und gedenckwürdigen Historien, from 1605, is recognized as the world's first newspaper.
The oldest news agency is the Agence France-Presse (AFP). It was founded in 1835 by a Parisian translator and advertising agent, Charles-Louis Havas as Agence Havas.
In modern times, printed news had to be phoned into a newsroom or brought there by a reporter, where it was typed and either transmitted over wire services or edited and manually set in type along with other news stories for a specific edition. Today, the term "breaking news" has become trite as commercial broadcasting United States cable news services that are available 24-hours a day use live satellite technology to bring current events into consumers' homes as the event occurs. Events that used to take hours or days to become common knowledge in towns or in nations are fed instantaneously to consumers via radio, television, mobile phone, and the Internet.
Forms of news.
Newspaper.
Most large cities in the United States historically had morning and afternoon newspapers. As the media evolved and news outlets increased to the point of near over-saturation, most afternoon newspapers were shut down. Morning newspapers have been gradually losing circulation, according to reports advanced by the papers themselves.
Commonly, news content should contain the "Five Ws" (who, what, when, where, why, and also how) of an event. There should be no questions remaining. Newspapers normally place hard news stories on the first pages, so the most important information is at the beginning. Busy readers can read as little or as much as they desire. Local stations and networks with a set format must take news stories and break them down into the most important aspects due to time constraints. Cable news channels such as BBC News, Fox News, MSNBC, and CNN, are able to take advantage of a story, sacrificing other, decidedly less important stories, and giving as much detail about breaking news as possible.
News organizations are often expected to aim for objectivity; reporters claim to try to cover all sides of an issue without bias, as compared to commentators or analysts, who provide opinion or personal point-of-view. The result is a laying out of facts in a sterile, noncommittal manner, and then standing back to "let the reader decide" which view is true. Several governments impose certain constraints or police news organizations against bias. In the United Kingdom, for example, limits are set by the government agency Ofcom, the Office of Communications. Both newspapers and broadcast news programs in the United States are generally expected to remain neutral and avoid bias except for clearly indicated editorial articles or segments. Many single-party governments have operated state-run news organizations, which may present the government's views.
Even in those situations where objectivity is expected, it is difficult to achieve, and individual journalists may fall foul of their own personal bias, or succumb to commercial or political pressure. Similarly, the objectivity of news organizations owned by conglomerated corporations fairly may be questioned, in light of the natural incentive for such groups to report news in a manner intended to advance the conglomerate's financial interests. Individuals and organizations who are the subject of news reports may use news management techniques to try to make a favourable impression. Because each individual has a particular point of view, it is recognized that there can be no absolute objectivity in news reporting.
Online journalism.
Online journalism is news that is reported on the Internet. News can be delivered more quickly through this method of news. A common type of internet journalism is called blogging, which is a service of persistently written articles uploaded and written by one or more individuals.
Newsworthiness.
Newsworthiness is defined as a subject having sufficient relevance to the public or a special audience to warrant press attention or coverage.
In some countries and at some points in history, what news media and the public have considered "newsworthy" has met different definitions, such as the notion of news values. For example, mid-twentieth-century news reporting in the United States focused on political and local issues with important socio-economic impacts, such as the landing of a living person on the moon or the cold war. More recently, the focus similarly remains on political and local issues; however, the news mass media now comes under criticism for over-emphasis on "non-news" and "gossip" such as celebrities' personal social issues, local issues of little merit, as well as biased sensationalism of political topics such as terrorism and the economy. The dominance of celebrity and social news, the blurring of the boundary between news and reality shows and other popular culture, and the advent of citizen journalism may suggest that the nature of 'news' and news values are evolving and that traditional models of the news process are now only partially relevant. Newsworthiness does not only depend on the topic, but also the presentation of the topic and the selection of information from that topic.
New ecology of news.
Michael Schudson, professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, has said that "verything we thought we once knew about journalism needs to be rethought in the Digital Age." Today the work of journalism can be done from anywhere and done well. It requires no more than a reporter and a laptop. In that way, journalistic authority seems to have become more individual- and less institution-based. But does the individual reporter always have to be an actual journalist? Or can journalistic work be done from anywhere and by anyone? These are questions that refer to the core of journalistic practice and the definition of "news" itself. As Schudson has given emphasis to, the answer is not easily found; "the ground journalists walk upon is shaking, and the experience for both those who work in the field and those on the outside studying it is dizzying".
Schudson has identified the following six specific areas where the ecology of news in his opinion has changed:
1. The line between the reader and writer has blurred.
2. The distinction among tweet, blog post, Facebook, newspaper story, magazine article, and book has blurred.
3. The line between professionals and amateurs has blurred, and a variety of "pro-am" relationships has emerged.
4. The boundaries delineating for-profit, public, and non-profit media have blurred, and the cooperation across these models of financing has developed.
5. Within commercial news organizations, the line between the news room and the business office has blurred.
6. The line between old media and new media has blurred, practically beyond recognition.
These alterations inevitably have fundamental ramifications for the contemporary ecology of news. "The boundaries of journalism, which just a few years ago seemed relatively clear, and permanent, have become less distinct, and this blurring, while potentially the foundation of progress even as it is the source of risk, has given rise to a new set of journalistic principles and practices", Schudson puts it. It is indeed complex, but it seems to be the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20782002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782002" title="Capelsebrug (Rotterdam Metro)">
Capelsebrug (Rotterdam Metro)

Capelsebrug is a subway station on lines A, B, and C of the Rotterdam Metro. The station is situated in the eastern part of Rotterdam in the Netherlands, at the border with the municipality Capelle aan den IJssel. At Capelsebrug station, lines A and B turn north towards Schenkel station, while line C continues east towards Slotlaan station..
The westbound trains stop at either side of an island platform between two running tracks, while all eastbound trains share one platform.
This station was opened in 1982, and was the eastern terminus of the line (then called the Caland line), until it was extended towards Binnenhof station one year later. In 1994, the Capelle a/d IJssel branch (nowadays line C) was added, connecting Capelsebrug station with De Terp station.

</doc>
<doc id="20782023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782023" title="Paul Sheriff">
Paul Sheriff

Paul Sheriff (13 November 1903 – 25 September 1960) was Russian-born British art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Sheriff won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20782039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782039" title="Kensaku Abe">
Kensaku Abe


</doc>
<doc id="20782064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782064" title="Katie White">
Katie White

Katie Rebecca White (born 18 January 1983) is a British musician most famous for her work with pop duo the Ting Tings. After some success with a girl group punk trio TKO, supporting Steps and Atomic Kitten, her father David White brought in Jules De Martino to write songs for TKO, and Katie and Jules formed the Ting Tings.
Early life.
Katie White was raised on a farm in Lowton with her father David White, mother Lynne and sister Helena. Katie went to Lowton High School in Lowton, which has a large performing arts department. When she was 12 years old, Katie's grandfather Ken White won £6.6million on the National Lottery and gave each of his three sons, David, Stephen and Richard, £1million. As well as buying ponies for Katie and Helena, David used his share of the money to start a music management company.
Career.
TKO.
Katie started her music career aged 14 in 1997 in a girl group punk trio TKO – short for Technical Knock Out – with two friends from Lowton school, Joanne Leeson and Emma Lally. TKO was managed by Katie's father's music management company. They had some success and supported Steps and Atomic Kitten. TKO also appeared on ITV's . In March 2001 David White brought in songwriter Jules De Martino who wrote four songs for TKO. TKO were not able to secure a record deal but released a single on the internet.
Dear Eskiimo.
Katie got back in touch with Jules De Martino when she was at Leeds University and he moved to Manchester. They formed a band called Dear Eskiimo (often misreported as "Dead Eskimo") with a DJ friend Simon Templeman. The name was intended to be as nomadic, tribal and independent as possible. There were already several bands called "Eskimo" but Jules, who wrote the lyrics, wanted his songs to tell good stories as if in a letter, hence 'Dear Eskiimo' with the odd spelling of 'Eskimo" with two 'I"s to make it stand out. Their first performance was as a support between two rock bands but it went well and they were signed up by Mercury Records at the end of 2004. Creative differences and the management style of the record label caused them to split up.
The Ting Tings.
Katie and Jules started a band in 2007 with Katie on vocals, guitar, piano and bass drum and Jules on vocals, drums, bass, guitar and keyboards. They started writing songs together and doing short concerts. Katie was working in a boutique with a Chinese girl called "Ting Ting," which sounds like Mandarin Chinese for "band stand" (亭) or "listening" (聽) and Katie used it as name for the band. The Ting Tings started by playing for private parties at the Islington Mill arts centre in Salford and their debut album, "We Started Nothing", was released on 19 May 2008. Their follow-up album, "Sounds from Nowheresville", was released on 27 February 2012 in the UK, and 15 March in the United States.
Discography.
The Ting Tings released their debut album, "We Started Nothing", on 19 May 2008. Their follow-up album, "Sounds from Nowheresville", was released on 27 February 2012 in the UK, and 15 March in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20782070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782070" title="Bear-baiting">
Bear-baiting

Bear-baiting is a blood sport involving the worrying or tormenting (baiting) of bears.
In England.
Bear-baiting was popular in England until the nineteenth century. From the sixteenth century, many bears were maintained for baiting. In its best-known form, arenas for this purpose were called bear-gardens, consisting of a circular high fenced area, the "pit", and raised seating for spectators. A post would be set in the ground towards the edge of the pit and the bear chained to it, either by the leg or neck. A number of well-trained hunting dogs, usually Old English Bulldog, would then be set on it, being replaced as they got tired or were wounded or killed. In some cases the bear was let loose, allowing it to chase after animals or people. For a long time, the main bear-garden in London was the Paris Garden, that section of the Bankside lying to the west of The Clink, at Southwark.
Henry VIII was a fan and had a pit constructed at Whitehall. Elizabeth I was also fond of the entertainment; it featured regularly in her tours. When an attempt was made to ban bear-baiting on Sundays, she overruled Parliament. Robert Laneham's letter describes the spectacle presented by Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester at Kenilworth Castle in 1575 
Variations involved other animals being baited, especially bulls. Bull-baiting was a contest which was similar to bear baiting in which the bull was chained to a stake by one hind leg or by the neck and worried by dogs. The whipping of a blinded bear was another variation of bear-baiting. Also, on one curious occasion, a pony with an ape tied to its back was baited; a spectator described that "...with the screaming of the ape, beholding the curs hanging from the ears and neck of the pony, is very laughable".
Attempts to end the entertainment were first made in England by the Puritans, with little effect. The deaths of a number of spectators, when a stand collapsed at the Paris Gardens on January 12, 1583, was viewed by early Puritans as a sign of God's anger, though not primarily because of the cruelty but because the bear-baiting was taking place on a Sunday.
By the late 17th century "the conscience of cultivated people seems to have been touched", but it was not until 1835 that baiting was prohibited by Parliament by the Cruelty to Animals Act 1835. The ban was soon extended across the Empire. Bear baiting's last known occurrence was in the small town of Knottingley.
In Pakistan.
Bear baiting has been occurring in the Punjab and Sindh provinces of Pakistan, since 2004. The events are organized predominantly by local warlords who own the fighting dogs.
During the event the bear will be tethered to a rope 2–5 metres long in the centre of an arena to prevent escape. Bears’ canine teeth are often removed and their claws may be filed down giving them less advantage over the dogs. Each fight lasts around three minutes. If the dogs pull the bear to the ground they are said to win the fight. Bears usually have to undergo several fights during each day’s event.
Bears are illegally sourced by poaching. Asiatic black bears and brown bears are known to be poached in Pakistan and used in bear baiting. Asiatic black bears are listed as vulnerable on the World Conservation Union's (IUCN's) Red List of Threatened Animals. The capture of bear cubs is prohibited across three provinces of Pakistan by: the North West Frontier Province Conservation and Management Act (1975); the Punjab Wildlife Protection, Preservation, Conservation and Management Act (1974); and the Sindh Wildlife Protection Ordinance (1972).
Bear baiting was banned in Pakistan by the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act (1890). Pakistan’s wildlife authorities are working with animal welfare groups to eradicate the events, with some success.
Baiting animals is outlawed in the Quran. The Bioresource Research Centrea Pakistani wildlife group working to end bear baiting, uses this to encourage mosques in areas where baiting occurs to add an anti-cruelty message to their Friday Khutbba (sermon).
Kund Park Sanctuary was opened in 2000 by the World Society for the Protection of Animals to provide a home for bears confiscated by the wildlife authorities and NGOs working to eradicate bear baiting in Pakistan. However, during the 2010 Pakistan floods Kund Park was destroyed and all but 3 of the 23 bears there died. The survivors were moved to a newly constructed sanctuary in Balkasar Bear Sanctuary.
In ancient Russia.
Bear baiting in ancient Russia was a duel between a bear and a lightly armed person wielding either a mace or a belt knife. A bear would be teased, and then released into a partitioned-off area with the person, and the two would fight for a set amount of time. If the bear did not tear him to pieces, the onlookers would throw him a spear, and he would then try to stab the animal in the throat.
These ritual duels symbolized the confrontation of man and nature, or order versus chaos. Fights between animals and men were reserved for people with elite status, so were held only during important festivals and only in the presence of the grand duke.
In Mexico.
Author Washington Irving describes vaqueros setting a bear against a bull in his 1837 book "The Adventures of Captain Bonneville." In this "favorite, though barbarous sport" in Monterey, a bear and a bull would be caught from the wild and put together in an arena in a fight to the death. 
Other uses.
The term "bear baiting" may be also used for the hunting practice of luring a bear with bait to an arranged killing spot. The hunter places an amount of food, such as raw meat or sweets, every day at a given spot until the hunter notices the food is being taken each day, accompanied by bear tracks. He then chooses a day to await the bear, killing it when it arrives to feed. Such bear baiting is legal in many states in the United States, with the Humane Society reporting that: Bear baiting is banned in 18 of the 28 states that allow bear hunting. It persists... in Alaska, Idaho, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Utah, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. For instance, in Wisconsin in 2002, hunters killed 2,415 bears; those using bait accounted for 1,720 of the kills. In Maine, hunters killed 3,903 bears in 2001, and baiters took 3,173 of the animals.

</doc>
<doc id="20782073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782073" title="Delfshaven (Rotterdam Metro)">
Delfshaven (Rotterdam Metro)

Delfshaven is an underground subway station in the Dutch city of Rotterdam. It is served by lines A, B, and C of the Rotterdam Metro. The station is part of the two station long extension of the East-West Line (or Caland line) and opened on April 25, 1986. This extension connected the line's former terminus Coolhaven with the new Marconiplein station.
In 2001, Delfshaven station was renovated. Since then, the walls of the station show traditional Delft blue motives.

</doc>
<doc id="20782084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782084" title="Michitaka Akimoto">
Michitaka Akimoto


</doc>
<doc id="20782092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782092" title="Marconiplein (Rotterdam Metro)">
Marconiplein (Rotterdam Metro)

Marconiplein is an underground subway station in the Dutch city of Rotterdam, and is part of Rotterdam Metro lines A, B, and C. The station is part of the two station long extension of the East-West Line (also formerly called Caland line) and opened on April 25, 1986. This extension connected the new Marconiplein and Delfshaven stations with the line's former terminus Coolhaven.
Until November 4, 2002, Marconiplein station was the western terminus of the East-West Line. On that date, an extension towards Schiedam Centrum and Tussenwater stations opened.

</doc>
<doc id="20782097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782097" title="Grock">
Grock

Grock (January 10, 1880 – July 14, 1959), born Charles Adrien Wettach, was a Swiss clown, composer and musician. Called "the king of clowns" and "the greatest of Europe's clowns", Grock was once the most highly paid entertainer in the world.
Biography.
Early life.
Grock was born in Loveresse, a village in the Bernese Jura in the Canton of Bern. He started early as a performer, learning musicianship and acrobatic skills from his father. When a caravan of Roma passed through, he joined them, learning more instruments and gaining confidence with them. In 1894, he debuted with Fiame Wetzel's traveling circus. He become a clown, working first with Brick in 1903, adopting the name "Grock", and then the famous clown Antonet (Umberto Guillaum). This second act was developed with the aim of making the transition from circus to music hall stages, which were more lucrative. While not initially successful, Antonet and Grock did manage to secure a London engagement in 1911. Refining their performances according to audience response, Grock came to dominate the act, and they eventually split up.
Career and later life.
By 1913, Grock's fame had spread, his act having developed into the mixture of pantomime and musical blunders for which he is now remembered. With the outbreak of World War I, he made Britain his base, remaining there until 1924, when he returned to continental Europe. He performed throughout Europe and in the United States, commanding ever higher fees, and his continuing success enabled him to establish his own circus in 1951, with which he toured until his final performance in Hamburg on October 30, 1954. Grock described the secret of clowning as follows: "The genius of clowning is transforming the little, everyday annoyances, not only overcoming, but actually transforming them into something strange and terrific… it is the power to extract mirth for millions out of nothing and less than nothing." 
He retired to the Villa Bianca (now named "Villa Grock"), a 50-room house he had had built in the 1920s in Imperia, Italy, where he died in 1959.
Media.
Some of Grock's performances have been preserved on film. He made the 1927 silent movie "What For?", and French and German language versions of "Grock" in 1931. A biopic, "Au revoir, M. Grock" (1949), featured Grock as himself, with Adrien Osperi and Ted Rémy playing Grock as a boy and young man, respectively.
In retirement, he made some appearances on Italian television. He also authored several books, including an autobiography.
Legacy.
Grock's career is commemorated with the Grock d'Or, an annual competition for young circus artists which first took place in 2003. This competition has been discontinued since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20782101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782101" title="Takafumi Mikuriya">
Takafumi Mikuriya


</doc>
<doc id="20782106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782106" title="Bodiniel">
Bodiniel

Bodiniel is a group of small settlements in Cornwall, United Kingdom situated one mile north of Bodmin town centre. 
The settlements are three farmstead hamlets (Bodiniel, Middle Bodiniel and Higher Bodiniel) on high ground overlooking the River Camel valley. 

</doc>
<doc id="20782114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782114" title="Kelechukwu Nnajiofor">
Kelechukwu Nnajiofor

Kelechukwu Nnajiofor (born 28 February 1990) is a Finnish-Nigerian footballer who currently plays for Atlantis FC.
Career.
He moved in January 2008 to Atlantis FC, he cames from AsPa. In January 2010 was on trial at Vålerenga Fotball.

</doc>
<doc id="20782120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782120" title="Elham Hamidi">
Elham Hamidi

Biography.
Elham Hamidi (,was born in Tehran, Iran on 29 , November 1977 . She is an Iranian actress.She first appeared in the block buster mini series Prophet Joseph as Asinaat . She also played in The Kingdom of Solomon as Mariyam .
Filmography.
2010: Tabriz dar meh (TV series)

</doc>
<doc id="20782126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782126" title="Paulo Freitas">
Paulo Freitas

Paulo Roberto de Freitas, best known as Bebeto (born January 15, 1950), is a Brazilian volleyball coach and soccer manager. He is former president of Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas football club and current Halkbank Ankara (Turkey) volley coach.
Bebeto was born in Rio de Janeiro. He coached several Brazilian and Italian volleyball teams; as coach of Brazil men's national team, he won a silver medal at the 1984 Olympics. In he won 1998 World Championships with Italy men's volleyball national team.
The following year he began his career as football manager for Atlético Mineiro, moving to Botafogo in 2002, bringing the team back to Campeonato Brasileiro Série A in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20782127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782127" title="Neenyare">
Neenyare

Neenyare? is a 2008 Kannada language film directed by Sindesh and produced by Varada Reddy T its stars Suraj lokre and Ramya Barna in the lead roles. music composed by V.Manohar. The film released statewide on 19 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20782136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782136" title="DigiListan">
DigiListan

DigiListan is a Swedish radio programme in SR P3 airing the top singles sold electronically to computers, mobile phones and other kinds of media players in Sweden (downloaded music). The statistics are created using Nielsen SoundScan. 
The programme was first aired in January 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="20782137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782137" title="Kakai Kilonzo">
Kakai Kilonzo

Kakai Kilonzo (born 1954 in Kilimanbogo, Machakos District - died 1987) was a musician from Kenya. He led the band Kilimambogo Brothers.
Kilonzo released his first recording with Kilimambogo Brothers in 1975. The group split in 1978 when Joseph Mwania and Joseph Sila left to form another group, "Original Kilimambogo Stars". Kilonzo, however, continued releasing music with Kilimambogo Brothers. Originally, he performed in Kamba, his native language, but rose into national fame after releasing music in Swahili.
Kilonzo died in 1987 due to illness. After the death of Kakai, his band Kilimambogo Brothers continued performing without him, although with less success.
The Shava Musik record label has released two Kakai Kilonzo & Kilimambogo Brothers compilation albums: "The Best of Kakai" Volumes 1 and 2. His song "Mama Sofi pt2" is on the "Rough Guide to the Music of Kenya" compilation CD.

</doc>
<doc id="20782149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782149" title="John Graham (full back)">
John Graham (full back)

John Graham (12 April 1873 – April 1925) was an English association football player. Born in Derby, he played for Cray Wanderers and Millwall Athletic of the Southern Football League before joining Woolwich Arsenal in September 1899. Mainly used as cover for Duncan McNichol at right back, he made just one league appearance for Arsenal against Gainsborough Trinity F.C. on 14 October 1899. He moved on to Fulham in the 1900 close season and also played for Brentford.

</doc>
<doc id="20782153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782153" title="Raiganj subdivision">
Raiganj subdivision

Raiganj subdivision is a subdivision of the North Dinajpur district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Raiganj municipality, Kaliaganj municipality and four community development blocs: Hemtabad, Itahar, Kaliganj and Raiganj. The four blocks contain 39 gram panchayats and two census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Raiganj.
Area.
Apart from the Raiganj municipality and Kaliaganj municipality, the subdivision contains two census towns and rural areas of 39 gram panchayats under four community development blocs: Hemtabad, Itahar, Kaliganj and Raiganj. The two census towns are: Nachhratpur Katabari and Kasba.
Blocks.
Hemtabad block.
Rural area under Hemtabad block consists of five gram panchayats, viz. Bangalbari, Chainagar, Naoda, Bishnupur and Hemtabad. There is no urban area under this block. Hemtabad police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Hemtabad.
Itahar block.
Rural area under Itahar block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Chhayghara, Gulandar–I, Joyhat, Patirajpur, Durgapur, Gulandar–II, Kapasia, Surun–I, Durlovpur, Itahar, Marnai and Surun–II. There is no urban area under this block. Itahar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Itahar.
Kaliaganj block.
Rural area under Kaliaganj block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Anantapur, Bhandar, Dhankoil, Mustafanagar, Baruna, Bochadanga, Malgaon and Radhikapur. There is no urban area under this block. Kaliaganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kaliaganj.
Raiganj block.
Rural area under Raiganj block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Bahin, Gouri, Mahipur, Sitgram, Barua, Jagadishpur, Maraikura, Bhatun, Bindole, Kamalabari–I, Rampur, Birghoi, Kamalabari–II and Serpur. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns:Nachhratpur Katabari and Kasba. Raiganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Raiganj.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the Raiganj municipality and five gram panchayats under the Raiganj block, viz. Bahin, Maraikura, Gouri, Kamalabari–I and Kamalabari–II together will constitute the Raiganj assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Kaliaganj municipality, the Kaliaganj block, and the two gram panchayats Barua and Birghoi under the Raiganj block will together form the Kaliaganj assembly constituency. Hemtabad assembly constituency will cover the Hemtabad block and seven gram panchayats under the Raiganj block, viz. Mahipur, Sitgram, Jagadishpur, Bhatun, Bindole, Rampur and Serpur. The area under the Itahar block will constitute the Itahar assembly constituency. Kaliaganj and Hemtabad constituencies will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. Hemtabad, Raiganj and Kaliaganj constituencies will be part of Raiganj (Lok Sabha constituency), whereas the Itahar constituency will be part of Balurghat (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20782154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782154" title="Münchhausen Prize">
Münchhausen Prize

The Münchhausen Prize was instituted in 1997, the 200th anniversary of the death of Baron Münchhausen. It is awarded in May each year in Bodenwerder, the Baron's hometown, for special talent in the art of speaking or presentation, either in literature or the visual arts, fantasy and satire, in the sense of the Baron. 

</doc>
<doc id="20782158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782158" title="Gunnar Nilsson (disambiguation)">
Gunnar Nilsson (disambiguation)

Gunnar Nilsson (1948–1978) was a Swedish racing driver.
Gunnar Nilsson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20782164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782164" title="Ernest Simon (footballer)">
Ernest Simon (footballer)

Ernest Simon (born on 22 June 1985) is a Nigerian footballer, who currently plays for Eledi FC Lagos.
Playing career.
He began his career by Gombe United F.C. before moved in January 2008 to Atlantis FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20782170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782170" title="Yuki Inoue">
Yuki Inoue


</doc>
<doc id="20782181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782181" title="Bodrean">
Bodrean

Bodrean and Frogmore are farmstead settlements in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom situated two miles (3.5 kilometres) north-northeast of Truro. 
Bodrean Manor Farm is located at on high ground overlooking the Trevella Stream. The farm specialises in Aberdeen Angus cattle and also provides holiday accommodation. 
Frogmore is located at where a lane crosses the Trevella Stream, a tributary of the Truro River, on a stone bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20782184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782184" title="Jiangxi Provincial Parliament">
Jiangxi Provincial Parliament

Jiangxi Provincial Parliament () was the highest legislature of Jiangxi between 1912 and 1924.
Jiangxi Provincial Parliament was created on February 1, 1912, based on Jiangxi Provincial Consultative Bureau (江西省諮議局). After 3 congresses held in 1912, 1918, 1921, the Parliament was dislocated owing to numerous wars during the Northern Expedition and other political reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20782189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782189" title="Kazunari Hosaka">
Kazunari Hosaka


</doc>
<doc id="20782195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782195" title="2009 FIRA Women's European Trophy">
2009 FIRA Women's European Trophy

The 2009 FIRA tournament acted as the continent's 2010 World Cup qualifying tournament. The top four nations from the 2009 Six Nations had automatically qualified, but nations finishing fifth and sixth (Scotland and Italy) joined Spain, Netherlands, Russia, Sweden, Germany, and Belgium to decide the final two places.
The teams were divided into two pools, the "seeding" broadly based on FIRA rankings, with the pool winners qualifying:
After the completion of the pool phase, the tournament itself did not have a "final", nor any other classification games.
As expected, Scotland qualified from Pool A with no problems - but it always looked a tougher prospect for fellow Six Nations team Italy, in Pool B, as they would have to beat Spain - something they had never managed before. But when it came to the event neither Italy nor Spain were to qualify, but rather hosts and sixth seeds Sweden, who shocked everyone by first beating Italy and then Spain - in both cases coming from behind in the dying minutes of the game.
Other games in the tournament followed the seedings - and were embarrassingly one-sided in many cases - demonstrating the gulf that continues to exist between the leading eight or nine nations in Europe and the rest.
Point Scorers.
Other point scorers.
14 points: Ulrika Andersson Hall (Sweden)<br>
10 points: Natalia Alexeeva (Russia), Dorien Eppink (Netherlands), Veronica Fitzpatrick (Scotland), Silvia Peron (Italy), Isabel Rodríguez (Spain), Wikke Tuinhout (Netherlands), Paola Zangirolami(Italy)<br>
8 points: Marina Apfel (Germany)<br>
6 points: Marina Bravo (Spain), Claire Paris (Belgium)<br>
5 points: Sara Barattin (Italy), Martina Barbini (Italy), Jessica Berntsson (Sweden), Marlieke Broer (Netherlands), Lana Blyth (Scotland), Emma Evans (Scotland), Lucia Gai (Italy), Elena Gamova (Russia), Tanya Griffith (Scotland), Sylke Haverkorn (Netherlands), Erin Kerr (Scotland), Madeleine Lahti (Sweden), Rebecka Lind (Sweden), Jennifer Lindholm (Sweden), Alexia Mavroudis (Netherlands), Paula Medín(Spain), Elke van Meer (Netherlands), Louise Moffat (Scotland), Suzi Newton (Scotland), Agurtzane Obregozo (Spain), Silvia Pizzati (Italy), Marta Pocurull (Spain), Aitziber Porras (Spain), Johanna van Rossum (Netherlands), Corinne Sailliez (Belgium), Maria Sanfilippo (Italy), Pien Selbeck (Netherlands), Elena Smirnova (Russia), Laura Steven (Scotland), Olga Sychugova (Russia)<br>
4 points: Erika Andersson (Sweden), Anastasiya Mukharyamova (Russia)<br>
2 points: Louise Dalgliesh (Scotland)

</doc>
<doc id="20782206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782206" title="Wind power in Morocco">
Wind power in Morocco

Wind power in Morocco amounts to an installed production capacity of 275 MW and 800 MW under construction. 

</doc>
<doc id="20782214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782214" title="CD Player (Windows)">
CD Player (Windows)

CD Player is a computer program that plays audio CDs using the computer's sound card. It was included in Windows 98, Windows NT 3.51, Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 (as Deluxe CD Player). The program was also made available for Windows 95. It was removed from later versions of Windows starting with Windows ME, being replaced by Windows Media Player.
Features.
When the CD Player is launched, it searches the computer's optical disc drive for CD audio tracks, looks up disc metadata with an Internet service and plays the CD. CD recognition, track and artist data can be manually entered and are redisplayed on next load. If no CD is inserted, one of the following error messages is returned by the program: codice_1 or codice_2
Deluxe CD Player.
A modified version of CD Player with a different skin called "Deluxe CD Player" was also included in Microsoft Plus! for Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows ME until "beta 3" stage and Windows XP (Whistler) until "beta 2" stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20782215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782215" title="Bahá'í Faith in Turkey">
Bahá'í Faith in Turkey

The Bahá'í faith bears a strong bond to the nation of Turkey as Bahá'u'lláh, the founder of the Faith, was exiled to Constantinople, current-day Istanbul, by the Ottoman authorities during the formative days of the religion. Since the establishment of the Bahá'í Faith in Turkey's predecessor state, the Ottoman Empire, and in Turkey, the legal standing of the religion has been contested as progressively wider scales of organization of the religion have been attempted by the community. In the 21st century, many of the obstacles to the religion remain in place, as Bahá'ís cannot register with the government officially. Despite this, members do not face significant persecution due to the separation of religion and state in Turkey, and there are estimated to be 10,000 to 20,000 Bahá'ís and around one hundred Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies in Turkey.
Early phase.
Many of the important geographic areas of the early period of the Bahá'í Faith were historically controlled by the Ottoman Empire, from which Turkey came about after the Empire's dissolution in the 1920s. The first interaction between the history of the religion and what is present-day Turkey occurred when Mullá 'Alíy-i-Bastámí, who was a Bábi—the immediate predecessor religion associated with the Bahá'í Faith—was arrested in Ottoman-controlled Baghdad for teaching the religion and sent as a prisoner to Istanbul in 1846.
In 1863, when Bahá'u'lláh, the founder of the religion, was in Baghdad due to his banishment from Persia, he was further exiled by the Ottoman government from Baghdad to Istanbul. He was later exiled to Edirne in the western part of Turkey, and ultimately to Acre in current-day Israel. While in Istanbul and Edirne the followers of the religion started to become known as "Bahá'ís", and a significant portion of Bahá'u'lláh's writings were written while he was in current-day Turkey. While much of the writings were written in Arabic or Persian, the central figures of the Bahá'í Faith have written in Turkish, though most of the early Bahá'í literature in Turkish was printed by the large Bahá'í communities in Baku Azerbaijan and Ashkhabad.
Growth.
Developments along Western Turkey.
Bahá'ís have lived in the territory of modern Turkey since Bahá'u'lláh's time. Other Bahá'ís have come from other places to be in Constantinople in this period around 1910. After joining the religion in 1906 in the United States Stanwood Cobb taught history and Latin at Robert College in Constantinople in the period 1907–1910 and undertook travels to see `Abdu'l-Bahá. In succeeding years, Cobb wrote several works dealing with Turkey - "The Real Turk", ISBN B000NUP6SI, 1914, [http://books.google.com/books?dq=&printsec=frontcover&source=web&sig=_eCeQv9VgliCFZOV_mW0blnVMHg&id=5KEgAAAAMAAJ&ots=BFb5ZMp2JB&output=html Ayesha of the Bosphorus, 1915, and Islamic Contributions to Civilization in 1963. Wellesley Tudor Pole had been pursuing investigations in the Middle East and visited Constantinople where he heard of `Abdu'l-Bahá in 1908 and soon became a Bahá'í. The woman known as Isabella Grinevskaya moved from Odessa Ukraine after gaining some notability as a playwright to Constantinople and after meeting `Abdu'l-Bahá on a trip to Egypt became a member of the Bahá'í Faith. In 1913, `Abdu'l-Bahá, Bahá'u'lláh's son and successor, commented that the religion was spreading into the interior of Turkey. Süleyman Nazif is a prominent poet and thinker from Turkey at the turn of the 20th century who was challenged to learn more of the religion while in Paris, by the poet Catulle Mendès. Investigating the religion, including meeting with `Abdu'l-Bahá a number of times and becoming an admirer of Tahirih, Nazif wrote about various facets of these encounters and history in several books - though they contain errors they can be considered an important alternative source on early views of Bahá'í history. Martha Root, a Bahá'í teacher, visited Turkey in 1927, 1929, and 1932. Following the rise of Secularism in Turkey, the Turkish government, around 1928, decided to order the police in the town of Smyrna to conduct a close investigation into the purpose, the character and the effects of Bahá'í activity in that town. Mentioned in the morning papers the next day, the chairman of the Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Constantinople travelled to offer the necessary explanations to the authorities concerned but he and the rest of the assembly were all arrested, and Bahá'í literature in their homes was seized. However their books were returned and there was widespread publicity in leading newspapers of Turkey leading to the government lifting the ban on the Bahá'ís.
Developments spread east.
Sometime before 1930, Sami Doktoroglu came in contact with the religion, and became a Bahá'í. He would later become an important member of the religion in Turkey, and as part of the community of Birecik. Despite the earlier situation where the ban on the religion was removed, further waves of arrests of Bahá'ís spread through Urfa, Adana and Gaziantep. In the winter of 1951, the visit to Istanbul of Amelia Collins, a Bahá'í teacher, was facilitated by Doktoroglu. He made hotel reservations and greeted her at the airport with a large group of Bahá'ís. Several meetings were arranged at which she could meet groups of Bahá'ís and a large banquet was given in her honour. Doktoroglu then went on Bahá'í pilgrimage and on his return a letter dated 14 December 1951 written on behalf of the head of the religion reached the believers in Istanbul encouraging the friends to establish a Local Spiritual Assembly and to pursue other tasks concerning which he had given instructions to Doktoroglu. In April 1952 the Local Spiritual Assembly of (now renamed) Istanbul was formed with Doktoroglu as one of its members. Years later Doktoroglu was successful in obtaining permission to search the government archives. Among his findings was an indication that Mulla `Aláy-i-Bastámí had in his travels reached the city of Bolu, east of Istanbul.
Further developments and problems.
By the late 1950s Bahá'í communities existed across many of the cities and towns Bahá'u'lláh passed through on his passage in Turkey. In 1959 the Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly of Turkey was formed with the help of `Alí-Akbar Furútan, a Hand of the Cause — an individual considered to have achieved a distinguished rank in service to the religion. Among the members of the National Spiritual Assembly was Masíh Farhangí who had previously served on the Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly of Iran; he had his family had pioneered from Iran to Turkey around 1959 and both he and his wife were registered as graduate students in a medical college. Even though Farhangí was elected secretary of the body, he was ejected from Turkey at the end of that year.
Repeating the pattern of arrests in the 20's and 30's, in 1959 during Naw Ruz mass arrests of the Bahá'í local assembly of Ankara resulted in the religion being accused of being a forbidden Tariqah, or sect of Islam. The court requested three experts in comparative religion to give their opinion: two of the three experts supported viewing the Bahá'í Faith as an independent religion, and one claimed that it was a sect of Islam. After this report, the court appointed three respected religious scholars to review all aspects of the question and advise the court of their views. All three of these scholars agreed that the religion was independent on January 17, 1961. However the judges chose to disregard these findings and on July 15, 1961 declared that the Bahá'í Faith was a forbidden sect but this decision was appealed to the Turkish Supreme Court.
Starting in 1960 until 1990, however, Bahá'ís could register with the government when the Interior Ministry issued instructions introducing a new standardized code system that did not include the religion, a situation similar to the current Egyptian identification card controversy.
Re-establishment of the National Assembly and further issues.
By 1963, there were 12 Bahá'í local assemblies in the country, and the number grew to 22 assemblies by the end of 1973. The National Assembly was able to be reestablished in 1974, and by 1986 there were 50 local assemblies. But turmoil continued when on August 6, 1996, 21 Iranians (8 men, 4 women and 9 children, the youngest of whom is 4 years old), approached the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Ankara to request asylum from Iran. UNHCR officials registered their names and informed them of new regulations which require asylum seekers to apply within five days to the police in the city where they entered the country. The asylum seekers were issued documents by the UNHCR indicating their intention for requesting asylum from the local Turkish police. They boarded a chartered bus and arrived in Agri, the city of their entrance, the next morning. However the group disappeared — with various reports suggesting they were returned to Iranian authorities.
Modern community.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. World-wide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. However in Turkey things are complicated. Bahá'ís still arrive in Turkey as refugees from the Persecution of Bahá'ís in Iran. But matters in Turkey are hardly supportive. Despite a 2006 regulation allowing persons to leave the religion section of their identity cards blank or change the religious designation by written application, the government continued to restrict applicants' choice of religion. Despite the regulation, applicants must choose Muslim, Christian, Jew, Hindu, Zoroastrian, Confucian, Taoist, Buddhist, Religionless, Other, or Unknown as their religious affiliation so individuals can't be registered as Bahá'ís. Additionally there are still instances of harassment and property has been confiscated. In February 2001 the Bahá'í community lost a legal appeal against government expropriation of a sacred site near Edirne; the Ministry of Culture had previously granted heritage status to the site in 1993. In January 2001 two Bahá'ís were detained for proselytizing in Sivas while a local imam commenting on the arrest made a public rebuke alluding to those "whose killing is necessary." Still in 2001, two Bahá'í university professors at Sivas' Cumhuriyet University faced expulsion. Native Turkish citizen Fulya Vekiloglu joined the United Nations Office of the Bahá'í International Community in June 2006 focusing on issues related to the advancement of women and social development. Bahá'ís were represented at a public two-day Global Forum of Faith-based Organizations, convened by the United Nations Population Fund held in Istanbul in 2008. Also in 2008, a Bahá'í was appointed dean of the Science and Letters Faculty of the Middle East Technical University. The Turkish government supported the declaration of the Presidency of the European Union when he "denounced" the trial of Iranian Bahá'ís announced in February 2009.
Demographics.
Because the religion is proscribed there can be no official counts of membership. Estimates by others range from 10,000 to 20,000. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 21,000 Bahá'ís in Turkey - and some 880 in Cyprus. The US State Department estimated the Turkish Cypriot Bahá'í community of approximately 200 in 2008. There are about a hundred local spiritual assemblies in modern Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20782216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782216" title="Kepi Bar">
Kepi Bar

Kepi Bar is a mountain located in both the Balkan countries of Albania and the Republic of Macedonia. Kepi Bar is one of the highest peaks of Mount Korab reaching a top height of . 

</doc>
<doc id="20782221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782221" title="Daiki Tamori">
Daiki Tamori


</doc>
<doc id="20782252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782252" title="Yohei Onishi">
Yohei Onishi


</doc>
<doc id="20782269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782269" title="Jean d'Yd">
Jean d'Yd

" Jean d'Yd" was the stage name of Jean Paul Felix Didier Perret. He was a French actor and comedian, and was born in Paris on the 17 May 1880. He died in Vernon, Eure, France on the 14 May 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20782275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782275" title="Veeco">
Veeco

History.
Today's Veeco Instruments Inc. traces its history back to an earlier company which was incorporated in 1945 by two Manhattan Project scientists who created the helium leak detector. The Company's original name "Veeco" stood for Vacuum Electronic Equipment Company. In the 1960s, the original Veeco merged with Lambda, a manufacturer of power supplies, and in the late 1980s was purchased by a British company named Unitech.
In 1990, Edward H. Braun, then COO of Veeco, and a group of senior company executives purchased Veeco's instrument business from Unitech in a management buy-out. The company again used the Veeco Instruments trade name and completed an initial public offering on the Nasdaq National Market in 1994 (NASDAQ: VECO) -- at the time Veeco's sales were approximately $30 million.
Since the management buy-out and IPO, Mr. Braun, as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, has led the company through a transformation focused on supplying equipment to information age industries. Veeco has grown both through internal development and strategic acquisitions—the Company has completed over a dozen acquisitions to date.
In July 2007 Mr. Braun, aged 68, became Chairman of the Board of Veeco, with John R. Peeler, 52, joining the Company as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Peeler was formerly President of JDSU’s (NASDAQ: JDSU) Communications Test and Measurement Division, its largest and most profitable business segment. 
In 2008, Veeco settled the patent litigation which it had brought against Asylum Research Corporation in 2003.
In October 2010, Veeco announced the sale of its metrology business to Bruker Corporation in a cash deal for $229.4 million. Veeco is now solely focused on supplying process equipment to the LED, solar, data storage and wireless market.
In May 2012, Mr. Peeler became Chairman of the Board of Veeco.
Acquisitions.
Veeco has completed over a dozen acquisitions since 1994, including the recent acquisition of privately held Synos Technology, Inc.. 
Services/Support.
Veeco's services business covers a wide range of offerings. Veeco Certified Equipment offers refurbished used Veeco ion beam etch or deposition systems. The program provides a warranty on hardware and software, optional applications and training support packages.
Locations.
Veeco has offices in 10 countries: United States, China, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines and Germany. The company's headquarters is located in Plainview, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20782284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782284" title="Bernhardt Esau">
Bernhardt Esau

Bernhardt Esau (born 9 December 1957 in Swakopmund) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization, Esau has been a member of the National Assembly since being chosen by President Sam Nujoma in 1995. He has also been the Deputy Ministry of Trade and Industry since 1999.
Career.
Esau was born in Swakopmund, Erongo Region on 9 December 1957. He earned his matric at St. Josephs Training College in Dobra in 1977 and graduated from the University of Fort Hare in 1984. Esau rose through the Mineworkers Union of Namibia to become secretary general of the umbrella National Union of Namibian Workers (NUNW) in 1991. In 1992, during a time of debate concerning the role of Namibia's trade unions, Esau favored maintaining an alliance with SWAPO. However, Esau later in 1994 suggested that the trade unions could form their own political party if worker's rights continued to be ignored by the SWAPO government. In the same year, the Swakopmund native was placed on the National Assembly list for SWAPO and was voted into the National Assembly in elections the next year. Esau was a member of the politburo of SWAPO from 1991-1997 and the Central Committee of his party since 1991. As Deputy Minister, Esau had to support liberal economic policies, including the setting up of export processing zones in Namibia where labour laws do not apply.

</doc>
<doc id="20782290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782290" title="Daniel Dingel">
Daniel Dingel

Daniel Dingel is a controversial Filipino engineer who claims to have invented a “"hydrogen reactor"” - a device which he claims to have used to power a water-fuelled car.
Hydrogen Reactor car.
Dingel says he began working on his hydrogen reactor in 1969, and claims to have used the device to power his 1996 Toyota Corolla. Dingel explains that his invention splits producing hydrogen from water in an onboard water tank and does not produce any carbon emissions. However, he has never revealed the secret to his invention. In an interview with the "Philippine Daily Inquirer", Dingel said that he would willing to reveal the secret of his invention if the buyer would hire 200 Filipinos and their families.
Dingle is known as a vocal critic of Filipino government officials and scientists who have refused to support his invention. The Philippines' Department of Science and Technology, in turn, has since declared his invention ""a hoax."" 

</doc>
<doc id="20782291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782291" title="Miroslav Mitrofanov">
Miroslav Mitrofanov

Miroslavs Mitrofanovs or Miroslav Mitrofanov, (), (born December 18, 1966 in Daugavpils, Latvia), is a Latvian journalist and politician, Member of the 7th and 9th Saeima for For Human Rights in United Latvia. Co-chairman of ForHRUL since 2011.
1991 — received degree in biology at the University of Latvia.
1991—1994 — journalist of Russian newspaper "Dinaburg" in Daugavpils.
1998—2002 — member of 7th Saeima from ForHRUL.
2002—2004 — advisor of ForHRUL group in Parliament.
2004—2006 — working in the Greens/EFA group in the European Parliament.
2005 — elected to Daugavpils City Council and becomes deputy of mayor. Elected chairman of international NGO European Russian-Speakers' Alliance.
2006 — elected to 9th Saeima (serving until 2010).
2011 — elected co-chairman of ForHRUL.

</doc>
<doc id="20782294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782294" title="MTV Mobile">
MTV Mobile

MTV Mobile is a Netherlands/Italy-based Mobile virtual network operator. Launched in 2008 by the owner MTV Italy (under Viacom license) and based on Telecom Italia Mobile network in Italy, and launched in 2009 by MTV Benelux based on the KPN network.
Offers also some special editions of Sony Ericsson W760, Nokia 5320, Samsung C6620, Nokia N73 and ASUS Eee PC 901 in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20782302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782302" title="Jun Uruno">
Jun Uruno

Club team career statistics.
Last update: 17 November 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20782311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782311" title="List of first international of African national teams">
List of first international of African national teams

The list below show the first international of the African national football teams of both FIFA and CAF associate members who are still not members of FIFA.

</doc>
<doc id="20782314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782314" title="1989 Major Indoor Soccer League All-Star Game">
1989 Major Indoor Soccer League All-Star Game

The 1989 Major Indoor Soccer League All-Star Game was the 10th playing of the league's mid-season game featuring the all-stars of the original Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). The game was held on February 22, 1989, at Reunion Arena in Dallas, Texas, the home of the Dallas Sidekicks. Dallas had been chosen by the league to host the game in February 1987, beating out competing bids by Baltimore and San Diego.
Because the MISL had contracted to just seven teams, the format of the game was changed from division versus division to the league's all-stars versus the hometown Dallas Sidekicks. To avoid a conflict of interest, the Sidekicks players were not allowed to participate in the selection of that season's all-star team. The game resulted in the MISL All-Stars defeating the Sidekicks 8-1.
The Dallas Sidekicks were coached by Gordon Jago. The game was officiated by senior referee Esse Baharmast, referee Kelly Mock, and assistant referee Manuel Ortiz, Sr. The game's most valuable player was Preki of the Tacoma Stars. The official attendance for the game was announced as 10,435.

</doc>
<doc id="20782324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782324" title="Rimsting station">
Rimsting station

Rimsting station is a former railway station in the Upper Bavarian district of Rimsting on the Rosenheim–Salzburg railway in southern Germany. The first halt was installed in 1881 for the Bavarian King Ludwig II, who wanted to visit the construction site for his next palace, Schloss Herrenchiemsee. The present-day station building was erected in 1911. In 1981 the station was closed to passenger services; a siding is still in use for the delivery of liquid gas. 
Since 2006 a cultural meeting place has been housed in the station building.
Location.
The station was built at kilometre marker 85.5 on the Munich–Salzburg line, which passes Rimsting to the east and whose trackway splits the village from the west bank of the Chiemsee. The perimeter location was planned by the town and opened up the neighbouring communities of Breitbrunn, Gstadt, Eggstätt and Hemhof via linking roads, which for a long time were the only means of public transport. From the station, tracks lead to the peninsula of Urfahrn and the so-called "Rimstiger Überfahrt" (Rimsting crossing) to the islands of Fraueninsel and Herreninsel.

</doc>
<doc id="20782332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782332" title="Denison College">
Denison College

Denison College of Secondary Education is a college of secondary education in Bathurst founded in 2007.
Located in Bathurst the college is the largest provider of secondary education in the area with student numbers for 2007 of 1580, a college teaching staff of 130 and support staff of 30.
History.
In 2005 a tragic fire completely destroyed Kelso High School. In the wake of the destruction the NSW Educataion Department sought community consultation as they began to look at new ways to provide enhanced public education to the Bathurst community. These community collaborations, which involved more than 200 people resulted in consensus around a model that called for the establishment of a collegiate, with two year 7 -12 campuses at Kelso and Bathurst High providing quality education and facilities. A feature of this collegiate model was that each campus would maintain its own identity, but the establishment of shared curriculum and resources would increase opportunities for all students.
Denison College was formed to share curriculum, facilities and staff between Bathurst's two secondary schools, Bathurst High and Kelso High in order to enhance student choice.
Naming.
In 2006 the College Reference and Management Committees, which had been created to form the new college, sought in earnest to provide the college with a unique and appropriate name. Community consultation and deliberations by the committees lead to the name for the college: "Denison College of Secondary Education."
The name for the College came from a prominent Bathurst icon, the Denison Bridge. For one hundred and fifty years the Denison Bridge has linked the communities on both sides of the Macquarie River. In much the same way, Denison College now links the Bathurst district communities by providing students with access to an extensive range of facilities incorporating the latest in emerging and traditional educational technologies.
After the naming of the College, the two high school's forming the collegiate were renamed from Bathurst High School and Kelso High School to Bathurst High Campus and Kelso High Campus respectively.
Structure.
The college consists of two year 7-12 campuses with a shared senior curriculum. This blend allows the two campuses to maintain their own unique identities but with increased opportunities for students using the resources of the college. 
The college structure is supported by a College Principal and extra staff who work closely with Campus Principals to further develop and enhance the educational experiences for all students. College provided transport further supports the educational needs of senior students by allowing easy movement between campuses to meet course and co-curricula requirements. Denison College is also unique in its the formation of partnerships with Charles Sturt University, Western Institute of TAFE and local industry.
Campuses.
Bathurst High Campus has been a centre for education in Bathurst for over 125 years and one of the oldest inland schools in Australia. The campus is a comprehensive school combining a long history of academic achievement with cultural and sporting excellence. The school itself combines eye-catching heritage buildings with new modern architecture to create a first-rate learning environment.
Kelso High Campus was established in 1976 and has a tradition of academic success. The campus has been recognised as a leader in the performing and creative arts. A new state-of-the-art facility has been built following the fire that damaged the original building.

</doc>
<doc id="20782337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782337" title="Dwayne L. Taylor">
Dwayne L. Taylor

Dwayne L. Taylor (born November 13, 1967) is an American politician and writer. He is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the state's 27th district. He was first elected in November 2008, and was re-elected in 2010 and 2012.
Taylor was born on November 13, 1967 in Daytona Beach, Florida. He received associate degrees from Daytona State College. He received a Bachelor of Science degree and an M.P.A. from University of Central Florida. From 2003 to 2008, he served on the City Commission of Daytona Beach. He served two terms as Vice Mayor, in 2005 and 2007. In 2008, he ran against Maureen Monahan of Holly Hill, Florida for the District 27 seat. He was endorsed by the firefighters, the state chamber of commerce and Police benevolent Association.
He has two children, Dwayne, Jr. and D'Ambra, and one grandchild, Rayvin.

</doc>
<doc id="20782340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782340" title="Christian Thonhofer">
Christian Thonhofer

Christian Thonhofer (born May 26, 1985) is an Austrian football player currently playing for SV Wimpassing.

</doc>
<doc id="20782342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782342" title="Paul Copin-Albancelli">
Paul Copin-Albancelli

Paul Copin-Albancelli (1851–1939, real name Paul Joseph Copin) was a French journalist, nationalist and conspiracy author.
Biography.
A former boulangiste and Freemason, Copin-Albancelli used his experience to become one of the most vehement detractors of Freemasonry, which he, along with many anti-Dreyfusards of the time, associated with Jewish conspiracies. At the turn of the 20th century he founded the anti-Masonic and antisemitic newspapers "À bas les tyrans" ("Down with tyrants") (with André Baron (Louis Dasté), and "La Bastille". He led the league in defense against Freemasonry, which merged in 1906 with two leagues created by Émile Driant. The new entity was named Ligue française anti-maçonnique (French anti-Masonic League), and it also lived up to its name by invigorating the anti-Masonic movement. He was also occupied with publishing the society's publication "La Renaissance française". 
Copin-Albancelli was also one of the principal militant nationalists and royalists of Action Française. He collaborated on the "Revue d'Action Française" which became "L'Action française" edited by Charles Maurras. In parallel with these activities, Copin-Albancelli was also working with the "Revue Internationale des Sociétés Secrètes" (International Review of Secret Societies) of bishop Ernest Jouin, the famous detractor of freemasonry and whistleblower against alleged conspiracies linked to secret powers, he was also a member of the "Movement for the Defense of national traditions" (or "Entente nationale"), regrouping several royalists of the Action Française or independents. 
Fearing the ruin of the Christian West to a "New World Order" (whose strings were pulled by Jews and Freemasons), Copin-Albancelli up until his death denounced various Judeo-Masonic conspiracies which, according to him, infiltrated the political world. In his belief that various secret organizations were trying to establish a "globalist power", Copin-Albancelli exploited a myth found in the same period in the Protocol of the Elders of Zion. The scheme was widely used to try to prove the type of conspiracy of which Copin-Albancelli became the tireless exposer.

</doc>
<doc id="20782347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782347" title="Catherine Delaunay">
Catherine Delaunay

Catherine Delaunay (born 31 October 1969) is a French jazz clarinet player and composer, best known as a leader of Y'en a qui manquent pas d'air. She is also a member of the French Laurent Dehors's big band "Tous Dehors".
Biography.
Catherine grew up in Brittany, France. She started studying the clarinet at the age of six in a local music school. At that time, she also studied the piano and percussions. Later on, she studied the piano (1978–1985) and drums (1991 and 1994).
She studied music at the Conservatoire National de Région de Rennes and Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique et de Danse de Lyon and passed the (Jacques Di Donato's class, 1993), le (Jacques Aboulker's class, 1993), le Certificat d'Etudes Complémentaires Spécialisées "Atelier instrumental du XXème siècle", (1993, Gilbert Amy, et le Certificat d'Etudes Complémentaires Spécialisées de clarinet ancienne et chalumeau (Jean-Claude Veilhan, 1995).
From 1989 to 1995, she studied at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Lyon (CNSMD). 
She studied the clarinet with Jacques Di Donato (she passed the Diplôme National d'Etudes Supérieures Musicales of clarinet in 1993), Chamber Music with Jacques Aboulker (she passed the Certificat d'Etudes Spécialisées of chamber music in 1993), Contemporary music (she passed the Certificat d'Etudes Complémentaires Spécialisées "Atelier instrumental du XXème siècle" in 1993), Composition, Musical Analysis and Harmony with Loïc Mallié, and 5 keys clarinet and chalumeau with Jean-Claude Veilhan (she passed the Certificat d'Etudes Complémentaires Spécialisées de clarinet ancienne et chalumeau in 1995).
From 1991 to 1994, she also studied drums with Jean-Louis Mechali.
While studying à the CNSMD, she already plays with Marc Perrone, Laurent Dehors, Alain Blesing.
Current career.
Catherine Delaunay leads and composes music for several bands.
Just recently, she set to music poems by Malcolm Lowry for her new projects "Sois patient car le loup", for which she also plays the clarinet and the diatonic accordion, John Greaves sings and plays the ukulele, Isabelle Olivier plays the harp, Thierry Lhiver plays the trombone, and Guillaume Séguron plays the double bass).
Since 2000, Catherine Delaunay has been leading and composing music for the French fanfare "Y'en a qui manquent pas d'air", in which she plays with Lionel Martin saxophones, Daniel Casimir trombone, Didier Havet sousaphone, et Tatiana Lejude drums. 
Catherine Delaunay is also part of many other projects.
She plays in duet with the saxophonist Pascal Van den Heuvel (saxophone), in duet with Tatiana Lejude (drums), et with the trio "Trio Plumes" with Edouard Ferlet et Benoît Dunoyer de Segonzac. 
She also plays very regularly with Olivier Thomas (Tomassenko, with Olivier Thomas singing, Laurent Rousseau on guitar, Michel Massot on tuba and trombone, Etienne Plumer on drums), Régis Huby, and Laurent Dehors.
Catherine Delaunay also plays with dancers (Cie Clara Cornil, Cie Thierry Thieû Niang), actors (Cie Tomassenko, Cie L'oeil du Tigre, "Les Valises", mise en scène Hélène Arnaud, "Le Gris", mise en scène Pietro Pizzuti).
With Pierre Badaroux on the double bass, Catherine Delaunay also sets to music silent films like Les Aventures du prince Ahmed, of Lotte Reiniger, L'Homme à la caméra, of Dziga Vertov, La Fièvre des échecs, of Vsevolod Pudovkin
Others.
Catherine Delaunay played with Daniel Goyone, Claude Tchamitchian, Serge Lazarevitch, Lucia Reccio, Denis Chancerel, Philippe Botta, "Archimusic", Dave Burrell, Takayuki Kato, Nobuyoshi Ino, Yuri Kusetsov, Vladimir Volkoff, Bruno Tocanne...

</doc>
<doc id="20782362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782362" title="Thomas J. King, Jr.">
Thomas J. King, Jr.

Professor Thomas J. King, Jr. (July 25, 1925 – 1994) Educator and Shakespearean Scholar, was an early user of computer word processing and sequence analysis to compare available early versions of William Shakespeare's plays for identification of variant texts and their analysis. Dr. King's historical work also researched original prompt copies of Elizabethan Era and Jacobean Era plays contemporary to Shakespeare, along with their marginalia, in order to identify stage directions and infer physical staging of Shakespeare's plays at the Globe and other London venues, as well as at provincial halls and inns where Elizabethan troupes performed on tour. In his extensive studies, Prof. King created databases of every Shakespeare play and other extant Elizabethan contemporary playhouse documents, by scene and character, to determine number of lines, and therefore the roles that could be doubled with sufficient time between for costume change, thus enabling him to determine the size of a working Elizabethan theater company.
Based, in part, on his extensive experience in professional stage production, his academic studies combined textual analysis with analysis of original correspondence, illustrations, playhouse documents and financial records to identify principal actors and journeymen involved in performance of Shakespeare's plays and the plays of other Renaissance dramatists in England.
During his career, Dr. King contributed as writer and reviewer to a number of leading scholarly journals, including "Theatre Notebook, Renaissance Drama," "Shakespeare Quarterly", "Elizabethan Theatre", and presented his work at World Shakespeare conferences.
He also served as consultant to Sam Wanamaker on the construction of the modern Shakespeare's Globe Theatre located near the original site in the London Borough of Southwark, on the south bank of the Thames.
Biography.
Born, Philadelphia, July 25, 1925.
Graduated (aged 16) from Roosevelt High School, Yonkers, NY.
Graduated from Princeton University, Class of 1946 in the year 1948, delayed due to war service 1943-1945 as combat air navigator in the Pacific (U.S. 20th Air Force: 6th Bomb Group [http://www.philcrowther.com/6thBG/]) Nineteen-year-old 2nd Lt. King was stationed on Tinian in the Marianas, navigating B-19s and B-29s across the Pacific on missions over Japan. He received several medals including the Army Air Corps Air Medal and the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Following studies at Princeton, T.J. King was the inventor of 'Matrix, the Strategy Game' an educational game (Patent 2971430) used to illustrate the fundamentals of game theory. (King left Princeton just before John Forbes Nash, Jr. arrived as a graduate student; Nash's thesis was later to describe the Nash Equilibrium of optimal strategies in game theory)
King entered graduate school at Columbia University in 1957, completed MA (1958) and PhD (1963) in English, serving at Columbia as Instructor (1961–65) and later as Visiting Assistant Professor in 1967-68.
He taught English literature and Renaissance Drama at Dartmouth College 1965-67, then joined faculty of the City College of New York of the City University of New York in 1968, where he retired as Professor of English in 1992.
Dr. King served as trustee of the New City Free Library and of the Rockland Country Day School and as Democratic Party Committee member near his home in Rockland County, New York.
References.
• Military Record Certificate of Service re: 0-2079017, National Personnel Records Center, Air Force Records Branch (NRPMF), St. Louis MO 63132
• Patent number: 2791430, Filing date: Dec 20, 1954, Issue date: May 1957, Inventor: Thomas J. King, [http://www.google.com/patents?id=xG90AAAAEBAJ]
• T.J. King, Staging of Plays at the Phoenix in Drury Lane, 1617–42, "Theatre Notebook", 19:146-66, 1965.
• T.J. King, Shirley's "Coronation" and "Love Will Find Out the Way": Erroneous Title Pages, "Studies in Bibliography", 18:265-9, 1965.
• T.J. King, The Stage in the Time of Shakespeare: A Survey of Major Scholarship, "Renaissance Drama", 4:199-235, 1971.
• T.J. King, "Shakespearean Staging, 1599-1642", Harvard University Press, 1971. ISBN 0-674-80490-2.
• T.J. King, Hannibal and Scipio (1637): How 'The Places Sometimes Changed', "Theatre Notebook", 29:1-13, 1975.
• T.J. King, The First Known Picture of Falstaff (1662): A Suggested Date for his Costume, "Theatre Research International,"3:105-9, 1977.
• T. J. King, "The King's Men on Stage: Actors and Their Parts, 1611-1632", in G. R. Hibbard, ed., "The Elizabethan Theatre IX", University of Waterloo, P.D. Meany Co., Ontario, 1986, pp 21–40.
• T.J. King, The Versatility of Shakespeare's Actors, "Shakespeare and Dramatic Tradition: Essays in Honor of S. F. Johnson", Delaware University Press, 1989, pp. 109–24. "see also" Richard Sharpe (actor)
• T.J. King, "Casting Shakespeare's Plays; London actors and their roles 1590-1642", Cambridge University Press, 1992. ISBN 0-521-32785-7 (Paperback edition 2009, ISBN 0-521-10721-0)

</doc>
<doc id="20782368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782368" title="Masafumi Maeda">
Masafumi Maeda

Club career statistics.
Last updated: 31 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20782376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782376" title="2004–05 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings">
2004–05 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings

The 2004–05 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings is the 2004–05 edition of the World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings. It is an assessment of racehorses which was issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in August 2005. It includes horses aged three or older which raced or were trained during 2004–05 in countries where the flat racing year runs from August 1 to July 31 (and also South America, where it runs from July 1 to June 30). These countries are generally in the Southern Hemisphere, although some areas covered, such as Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates, are actually north of the equator.
The ratings represent a weight value in pounds, with higher values given to horses which showed greater ability. It is judged that these weights would equalize the abilities of the horses if carried in a theoretical handicap race. The list includes all horses rated 115 or above, and it also shows the surface and the distances at which the rating was achieved.
The highest rating in the 2004–05 season was 123, which was given to the performances of both Roses in May in the Dubai World Cup and Silent Witness in the Hong Kong Sprint. In total, 23 horses were included in the list.
Full rankings for 2004–05.
Certain horses may have also recorded a lesser rating over a distance different from that listed above. The IFHA publishes this information when the lower rating represents the overall top performance in a particular category. There was one such additional rating for this season:
Top ranked horses.
The tables below show the top ranked horses overall, the top fillies and mares, and the top three-year-olds in the 2004–05 Rankings. They also show the top performers in various subdivisions of each group, which are defined by the distances of races, and the surfaces on which they are run. Top ranked horses rated less than 115 are included where known. The IFHA recognizes five distance categories — Sprint, Mile, Intermediate, Long and Extended — identified by the acronym "SMILE". These are framed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20782385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782385" title="William Gyves">
William Gyves

William Gyves (July 1867 – "unknown") was an English footballer. Born in Manchester, he played as a goalkeeper for Newton Heath LYR. He made his debut in an FA Cup second qualifying round match against Bootle, in which both sides agreed to use their reserve teams; the first-team had agreed to play in a friendly against Darwen the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="20782388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782388" title="Bertrand Okafor">
Bertrand Okafor

Berthrand Okafor (born 4 January 1990 in Lagos) is a Finish-Nigerian footballer. He currently plays for Aseman Pallo, on loan from Atlantis FC.
Career.
In January 2008, Okafor along with his teammate Kelechukwu Nnajiofor moved from AsPa to Atlantis FC. In December 2008, Okafor left the team on loan to ECO F.C. Lagos and returned in April 2010 to Atlantis FC. After one month with Atlantis FC, he was loaned out to his first Finnish club, Aseman Pallo.

</doc>
<doc id="20782389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782389" title="Robert M. Haas">
Robert M. Haas

Robert M. Haas (3 January 1889 – 17 December 1962) was an American art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 120 films between 1920 and 1950.
He was born in Newark, New Jersey and died in Costa Mesa, California.
Selected filmography.
Haas was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20782393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782393" title="Tony Hawksworth">
Tony Hawksworth

Anthony "Tony" Hawksworth (born 15 January 1938) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Manchester United. He was born in Sheffield and grew up in the village of Dungworth in the Stannington area of the city. The formative years of his football career were spent in the Manchester United youth teams, playing in the same sides as players like Duncan Edwards and Bobby Charlton. With Manchester United's youth team, he became one of five players to win three consecutive FA Youth Cup winner's medals, in 1954, 1955 and 1956. He also played international football for England at schoolboy and youth level.
After playing just three matches for the club's reserve team, Hawksworth was called up to the Manchester United first team for a First Division match away to Blackpool on 27 October 1956, after regular goalkeeper Ray Wood had pulled out due to injury. United drew the match 2–2, but it was to be Hawksworth's only appearance for the Manchester United first team. He was doing his National Service at Catterick in North Yorkshire at the time, and only able to go on leave to play for United on weekends, so after Wood recovered from his injury, Hawksworth had no complaints about dropping back down to the reserve team.
However, a couple of weeks after the Blackpool game, Hawksworth was approached by an army captain who wanted him to play for the regimental team the following weekend. Hawksworth was intent on playing for Manchester United, but the captain – who was also the posting officer for the regiment – threatened him with redeployment to Benghazi by the following Monday. It is unknown whether the captain's threat was serious or not, but Hawksworth was in no position to argue; nevertheless, he took the matter to United manager Matt Busby, but Busby recommended that Hawksworth play for the regiment. By 1958, Hawksworth had been posted to the Royal Tank Regiment in Germany. That February, a plane carrying the Manchester United team home from a European Cup match in Belgrade made a stopover in snowy conditions in Munich. In an incident that later became known as the Munich air disaster, the plane crashed on a failed take-off attempt, and eight players were killed. As he was already in Germany, Hawksworth requested leave, and two weeks after the incident, he was able to visit his friends and former team-mates; he arrived at Munich on the night that Duncan Edwards died.
In December 1958, Hawksworth was allowed to leave Manchester United to join Bedford Town, who were considered to be the best non-League side at the time. That season, Bedford Town won the Southern League title, beating Hereford United 3–0 in a play-off between the winners of the North-Western and South-Eastern sections of the league. Hawksworth remained at Bedford for seven years, a contribution for which he was given a testimonial by the club. He then moved to Rushden Town, the forerunners of Rushden & Diamonds, and remained there until his retirement.
After retiring from football, Hawksworth worked for a sweet company, before working for British Gas until 1995, when he retired. He and his wife, Brenda, married in 1959, and they live in Dronfield Woodhouse, Derbyshire. They have four children (three sons and a daughter) and five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20782395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782395" title="SSURGO">
SSURGO

SSURGO (Soil Survey Geographic database) refers to digital soils data produced and distributed by the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) - National Cartography and Geospatial Center (NCGC). 

</doc>
<doc id="20782398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782398" title="Sauder">
Sauder

Sauder may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20782399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782399" title="2005–06 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings">
2005–06 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings

The 2005–06 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings is the 2005–06 edition of the World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings. It is an assessment of racehorses which was issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in August 2006. It includes horses aged three or older which raced or were trained during 2005–06 in countries where the flat racing year runs from August 1 to July 31 (and also South America, where it runs from July 1 to June 30). These countries are generally in the Southern Hemisphere, although some areas covered, such as Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates, are actually north of the equator.
The ratings represent a weight value in pounds, with higher values given to horses which showed greater ability. It is judged that these weights would equalize the abilities of the horses if carried in a theoretical handicap race. The list includes all horses rated 115 or above, and it also shows the surface and the distances at which the rating was achieved.
The highest rating in the 2005–06 season was 124, which was given to the performance of Makybe Diva in the Melbourne Cup. In total, 47 horses were included in the list, 24 more than in the 2004–05 Rankings.
Full rankings for 2005–06.
Certain horses may have also recorded a lesser rating over a distance different from that listed above. The IFHA publishes this information when the lower rating represents the overall top performance in a particular category. There were no such additional ratings for this season.
Top ranked horses.
The tables below show the top ranked horses overall, the top fillies and mares, and the top three-year-olds in the 2005–06 Rankings. They also show the top performers in various subdivisions of each group, which are defined by the distances of races, and the surfaces on which they are run. The IFHA recognizes five distance categories — Sprint, Mile, Intermediate, Long and Extended — identified by the acronym "SMILE". These are framed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20782408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782408" title="Norton Atlas">
Norton Atlas

The Norton Atlas was a Norton motorcycle made between 1962 and 1968, until it was replaced by the Norton Commando. 
Development.
The Mark 1 Atlas was launched as the 750SS in the early 1960s, but by the time it appeared circa 1962 it was being called a 750cc Atlas, with Nortons (famous) featherbed frame. Designer Bert Hopwood’s 1949 497cc Dominator engine had been bored and stroked over the years to 745cc, via 600cc and then 650cc versions, to appeal to the American market and initially was only produced for export. The styling was also aimed at the US market with high-rise handlebars, small 2.5-gallon petrol tank and valanced chrome mudguards and chain guard. The look was completed with a heavy-duty WM3-18 rear wheel, and a Lucas Competition magneto was supplied as standard. 
The engine had lower compression than the Dominator (at 7.6:1) and was fitted with a single 376 Amal monobloc carburettor giving at 6500 rpm. However the design also produced excessive vibration at high revs, so the compression ratio was reduced. The Atlas shared many cycle parts with the last of the Dominator twins and had Norton’s four-speed gearbox and heavy-duty clutch. Electrics were 6-volt and it had Roadholder forks, adjustable Girling rear shocks and a slimline Featherbed frame. 
In 1964 the Atlas was upgraded to 12-volt electrics, and gained an extra carburettor and wider fork yokes. A UK version was launched with flat bars and twin instruments. The Atlas continued to be built until 1968 but by then the Norton Commando had taken over.
Specials and hybrids.
Specialist tuners such as Dunstall produced Atlas-based racers (Domiracer 750) and offered race-styled roadsters (Dominator 750) although later on Dunstall also designated his roadsters as 'Domiracer'. A few Rickman Metisse frames were either made or later modified by owners to accept Norton power plants, and the factory-built Atlas-powered AMC-Norton hybrids (Norton Matchless) included an Atlas-based off-road trailster designated P11.
Over seven thousand Atlas hybrids were produced at Plumstead between late 1963 and late 1968 using Atlas engines and various Matchless frames. These had designations G15 for the roadster and P11 for the trailster (instead of names).

</doc>
<doc id="20782411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782411" title="Sennyū-ji">
Sennyū-ji

, formerly written as , is a Buddhist temple in Higashiyama-ku in Kyoto, Japan. For centuries, Sennyū-ji was a mortuary temple for aristocrats and the imperial house. Located here are the official tombs of Emperor Shijō and many of the emperors who came after him.
History.
Sennyū-ji was founded in the early Heian period. The origin of this temple, which is commonly called "Mitera" or "Mi-dera", can be traced back to the Tenchō era (824-834) when the priest Kūkai established a small temple in this location. That modest structure and community were initially known as "Hōrin-ji." The major buildings in Sennyū-ji was very much reconstructed and enlarged in the early 13th century.
Tsukinowa no misasagi<br>
Emperor Go-Horikawa and Emperor Shijō were the first to be enshrined in an Imperial mausoleum at Sennyū-ji. It was called "Tsukinowa no misasagi."
Go-Momozono is also enshrined in "Tsukinowa no misasagi" along with his immediate Imperial predecessors since Emperor Go-Mizunoo -- Meishō, Go-Kōmyō, Go-Sai, Reigen, Higashiyama, Nakamikado, Sakuramachi, Momozono and Go-Sakuramachi.
Nochi no Tsukinowa no Higashiyama no misasagi<br>
Kokaku, Ninko, and Komei are also enshrined at .
Art.
Sennyū-ji's large "nehan-zu" painting depicts Buddha on his death bed. This massive image (8 meters x 16 meters) is the largest in Japan. The image at nearby Tōfuku-ji is the second largest of its kind in Japan, measuring 7 meters x 14 meters. Both images are only rarely displayed, most recently in 2003 for three days only.

</doc>
<doc id="20782412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782412" title="Andreas Lukse">
Andreas Lukse

Andreas Lukse (born September 5, 1983) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays for Kapfenberger SV.

</doc>
<doc id="20782419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782419" title="Ma'an News Agency">
Ma'an News Agency

Ma'an News Agency (MNA) () is a large wire service created in 2005 in the Palestinian territories. It is part of the Ma'an Network, a non-governmental organization media network created in 2002 in the Palestinian territories among independent journalists throughout the West Bank and Gaza Strip. It includes nine local television stations and nine local radio stations. Ma'an News Agency publishes news 24 hours a day in Arabic, Hebrew and English, and claims to be one of the largest wire services in the Palestinian territories, with over three million visits per month. Ma'an News Agency also publishes feature stories, analysis and opinion articles. The agency's headquarters is in Bethlehem and it has an office in Gaza.
History.
The Ma'an Network was launched in 2002 as a partnership between Bethlehem TV and local Palestinian media organizations. The name "Ma'an" is the Arabic word for "together". The group is run by Raed Othman, the former manager of Bethlehem TV. Ma'an has produced three soap operas (one of which, Mazih fi Jad (Joking Seriously), was described as the first television drama series produced in the Palestinian territories), numerous news and public affairs programs and the television film "Kafah". Ma'an's programs are broadcast by ten independent terrestrial television stations in the West Bank and occasionally by the Fatah-run Palestine TV satellite broadcaster.
The Ma'an News Agency was launched in 2005 with funding from the Danish and Dutch Representative Offices to the Palestinian National Authority. The news agency is the most visible component of the Ma'an Network. In 15 May, the Ma'an network launched an eCommerce website called Maan Souq.
Independence.
On its English-language website, Ma'an News Agency states: "Scrupulously maintains its editorial independence and aims to promote access to information, freedom of expression, press freedom, and media pluralism in Palestine." The Ma'an Network was founded with the goal of creating a media source that was free of factional control, unlike the major existing broadcasters such as Hamas' Al-Aqsa TV and Fatah's Palestine TV. In an interview with media scholar Matt Sienkiewicz, former Ma'an Chief financial officer Wisam Kutom stated that he told potential Ma'an funders that: "Palestinian television is factional television right now we cannot tell the stories we want to, only the stories the factions will let us. There is no independent television".
Funding for the Ma'an Network as a whole comes primarily from foreign donors.
In July 2007, MNA alleged that MNA's chief editor had received "direct threats" to carry out a "defamation campaign" against MNA by Hamas, at the time the de facto Gaza Strip government, unless MNA ceased to criticise "the Hamas movement".
Popularity.
Ma'an News Agency describes itself as "the main source of independent news from Palestine" and "the premier source of independent Palestinian news on the internet". According to a 2007 survey, 95.6% of Palestinians with internet access "frequently visit" the site. As of December 2013, Ma'an News receives the fourth most site visitors in the Palestinian territories.
In 2013, Ma'an TV (Ma'an Network's satellite channel) broadcast the hit reality show "The President" in collaboration with Search for Common Ground. Described as "a cross between American Idol and The Apprentice", audience members would vote through SMS to elect the show's young contestants who competed in mock press conferences, political campaigns, and debates. 

</doc>
<doc id="20782420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782420" title="Tom Hay">
Tom Hay

Thomas Hay (born July 1858 - 10 January 1940) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a goalkeeper. He was born in Staveley, Derbyshire. He played for Manchester United, Burslem, Staveley, Bolton Wanderers, Great Lever, Halliwell, and Accrington.

</doc>
<doc id="20782424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782424" title="2006–07 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings">
2006–07 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings

The 2006–07 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings is the 2006–07 edition of the World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings. It is an assessment of racehorses which was issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in August 2007. It includes horses aged three or older which raced or were trained during 2006–07 in countries where the flat racing year runs from August 1 to July 31 (and also South America, where it runs from July 1 to June 30). These countries are generally in the Southern Hemisphere, although some areas covered, such as Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates, are actually north of the equator.
The ratings represent a weight value in pounds, with higher values given to horses which showed greater ability. It is judged that these weights would equalize the abilities of the horses if carried in a theoretical handicap race. The list includes all horses rated 115 or above, and it also shows the surface and the distances at which the rating was achieved.
The highest rating in the 2006–07 season was 129, which was given to the performance of Invasor in the Dubai World Cup. In total, 65 horses were included in the list, eighteen more than in the 2005–06 Rankings.
Full rankings for 2006–07.
Certain horses may have also recorded a lesser rating over a distance different from that listed above. The IFHA usually publishes this information when the lower rating represents the overall top performance in a particular category. There were no such additional ratings for this season, although the following two were included in a supplementary article, the "Top Ranked Performers by Age, Distance and Surface":
Top ranked horses.
The tables below show the top ranked horses overall, the top fillies and mares, and the top three-year-olds in the 2006–07 Rankings. They also show the top performers in various subdivisions of each group, which are defined by the distances of races, and the surfaces on which they are run. Top ranked horses rated less than 115 are included where known. The IFHA recognizes five distance categories — Sprint, Mile, Intermediate, Long and Extended — identified by the acronym "SMILE". These are framed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20782425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782425" title="Basler Brot">
Basler Brot

Basler Brot (), in Basel also Basler Laibli, is a bread traditionally made in the Swiss cantons of Basel-Stadt and Basel-Landschaft, but now popular in all of Switzerland. It is distinguished from other Swiss breads by a very soft, porous dough and a mealy, crunchy crust.
The age of the recipe is uncertain. The "Basler Brot" was first described in a bakers' journal in 1944. After a marketing campaign by the Swiss Bakers Association in the 1950s, it was made available in all Swiss bakeries.
Production.
Production of the "Basler Brot" begins the day before baking with the production of the "Hebel", a mother dough that is left to ripen overnight, producing the bread's characteristic aroma. It is then mixed with plain flour, salt, yeast and water to produce a dough with a very high water content (over 80%), making the bread very soft.
After a light kneading, the dough is formed into rough pieces, which are weighed and laid on flour-dusted wooden bards for half an hour. They are only lightly rolled into an oval shape, which allows for the dough's large pores to form, and then baked for at least half an hour at up to Usually, two loaves are baked attached point to point, and steam is used to prevent a premature hardening of the crust, which should – unlike the loaf pictured above – not crack during baking.
Significance.
Distributed nationally through the retailers Migros and Coop, "Basler Brot" is eaten in all of Switzerland as an everyday food. It is also sold in the area near Basel in Alsace (France) and Lörrach (Germany)

</doc>
<doc id="20782427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782427" title="Chennai Port – Maduravoyal Expressway">
Chennai Port – Maduravoyal Expressway

The Chennai Port – Maduravoyal Expressway is an elevated expressway under construction in the city of Chennai, India. The corridor begins at Chennai Port Gate no. 10 and travels along the bank of the Cooum River till it reaches Koyambedu and along the median of NH4 thereon till it reaches Maduravoyal.
History.
An long, wide elevated road project connecting the port with Maduravoyal is under construction at a cost of 16,550 million. Upon completion, this will be the country's longest four-way elevated expressway. The project was sanctioned in June 2007 when the Tamil Nadu Government gave its 'in principle' approval to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) for the elevated expressway. The project cost then was put at 14,680 million. In January 2009, the Prime Minister, Dr. Manmohan Singh, laid the foundation stone for the project but the project was put on hold for want of environment clearance. The project has got the environment clearance in February 2011, and during the same month, the port handed over a cheque for 500 million to the NHAI as part of its contribution to the project. The expressway starts from Gate No. 10 of the Chennai Port near the War Memorial and ends before Maduravoyal Interchange. It would run along the banks of the Cooum up to Koyambedu and would end along the Cooum near the Koyambedu grade separator. From there for a distance of three km up to Maduravoyal the elevated expressway would come up on Poonamallee High Road. There would be a total of four entry and exit ramps as part of the project. While the entry ramps would come up on Sivananda Salai and College Road, the exit points would be provided on Spurtank Road and Kamaraj Salai. The work at the Maduravoyal end began in December 2010. The project is being implemented on a build, own and transfer mode. Of the total project cost of 16,550 million, 3,100 million has been set aside for land acquisition and rehabilitation and resettlement of nearly 7,400 people living along the project area. About 1,300 people have been rehabilitated at Okkiam Thoraipakkam. Of 30 hectares to be acquired for the project, only 2 hectares belong to private owners. The project was initially expected to be completed by end of 2013. However, the project has been put on hold.
Project Details.
This corridor is implemented under Phase-VII of National Highways Development Project by NHAI. The Feasibility study cum DPR was done by Wilbur Smith Associates. This expressway forms a part of the circular corridor 2 of the High Speed Circular Corridors.
Project status.
7 March 2008:
Jan 2009: 
June 2009:
July 2010:
September 2010:
April 2012:
February 2014:

</doc>
<doc id="20782430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782430" title="Tomoyoshi Tsurumi">
Tomoyoshi Tsurumi


</doc>
<doc id="20782439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782439" title="Wilfried Emvula">
Wilfried Emvula

Wilfried Emvula is a Namibian politician and diplomat. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization, Emvula is Namibia's ambassador to the United Nations. In 2006 he was made ambassador to Ethiopia; prior to his appointment to Ethiopia, Emvula was ambassador to France from 1999-2006.
Political career.
Emvula joined the National Council of Namibia in 1993. He later became Deputy Ministry of Trade and Industry prior to being replaced by Bernhardt Esau in 1999. He is also a trustee of the Legal Assistance Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20782442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782442" title="2007–08 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings">
2007–08 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings

The 2007–08 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings is the 2007–08 edition of the World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings. It is an assessment of racehorses which was issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in August 2008. It includes horses aged three or older which raced or were trained during 2007–08 in countries where the flat racing year runs from August 1 to July 31 (and also South America, where it runs from July 1 to June 30). These countries are generally in the Southern Hemisphere, although some areas covered, such as Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates, are actually north of the equator.
The ratings represent a weight value in pounds, with higher values given to horses which showed greater ability. It is judged that these weights would equalize the abilities of the horses if carried in a theoretical handicap race. The list includes all horses rated 115 or above, and it also shows the surface and the distances at which the rating was achieved.
The highest rating in the 2007–08 season was 130, which was given to the performance of Curlin in the Dubai World Cup. In total, 80 horses were included in the list, fifteen more than in the 2006–07 Rankings.
Full rankings for 2007–08.
Certain horses may have also recorded a lesser rating over a distance different to that listed above. The IFHA publishes this information when the lower rating represents the overall top performance in a particular category. There was one such additional rating for this season:
Top ranked horses.
The tables below show the top ranked horses overall, the top fillies and mares, and the top three-year-olds in the 2007–08 Rankings. They also show the top performers in various subdivisions of each group, which are defined by the distances of races, and the surfaces on which they are run. The IFHA recognizes five distance categories — Sprint, Mile, Intermediate, Long and Extended — identified by the acronym "SMILE". These are framed as follows:
Possible errors.
During the creation of this article the following anomalies were found in the 2007–08 Rankings:

</doc>
<doc id="20782444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782444" title="Dry Andes">
Dry Andes

The Dry Andes is a climatic and glaciological subregion of the Andes. Together with the Wet Andes it is one of the two subregions of the Argentine and Chilean Andes. The Dry Andes runs from the Atacama Desert in northern Chile and Argentina south to a latitude of 35°S in Chile. In Argentina the Dry Andes reaches 40°S due to the leeward effect of the Andes. According to Luis Lliboutry
the Dry Andes can be defined after the distribution of penitentes. The southernmost well developed penitentes are found on Lanín Volcano.
Paleogeography, paleoclimatology and paleoglaciology.
Though precipitation increases with the height, there are semiarid conditions in the nearly 7000 m towering highest mountains of the Andes. This dry steppe climate is considered to be typically of the subtropic position at 32-34° S. Therefore in the valley bottoms do not grow woods but only dwarf scrub. The largest glaciers, as e.g. the Plomo glacier and the Horcones glaciers do not even reach 10 km in length and have an only insignificant ice thickness. At glacial times however, c. 20 000 years ago, the glaciers were over ten times longer. On the East-side of this section of the Mendozina Andes they flowed down to 2060 m and on the West-side to c. 1220 m asl. The massifs of Cerro Aconcagua (6962 m), Cerro Tupungato (6550 m) and Nevado Juncal (6110 m) are situated deca-kilometres away from each other and were connected by a joint ice stream network. Its dendritic glacier arms, i.e. components of valley glaciers, were up to 112.5 km long, over 1020, i.e. 1250 m thick and overspanned a vertical distance of 5150 altitude metres. The climatic glacier snowline (ELA) was lowered from currently 4600 m to 3200 m at glacial times.

</doc>
<doc id="20782464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782464" title="Speed climbing">
Speed climbing

Speed climbing is climbing in which speed is the ultimate goal. (Although it is not to be confused with competitive speed climbing on artificial walls which is one of the disciplines governed by the International Federation of Sport Climbing). Speed Climbing is done on rocks, walls and poles. In pure speed climbing, time is everything but it is also common to record speed ascents while observing a particular climbing style or ethic. For example, there are many speed records in which the climb was done according to free climbing ethics. In popular culture speed climbing may be best known for a viral video featuring Dan Osman climbing Lover's Leap via the "Bear's Reach" route (5.7, 400+ feet) in 4 min 25 sec. This clip was originally featured in the movie "Masters of Stone IV".
Types.
Pure speed climbing.
Full speed climbing is done in such a way that maximizes speed and minimizes danger. When climbing with a partner the climbers will alternate between regular free climbing, simul climbing, aiding, and at times sections of roped soloing. Speed climbing can also be done by an individual in which they alternate between forms of rope soloing, aiding, and free soloing. Strictly speaking this type of speed climbing is not a style but a combination or perhaps a type of aid climbing. However the complexity of combining all the styles together leads to what can be recognized as a separate style with its own particular techniques used in no other style.
Style climbing.
Records can be recorded while climbing in a particular style. Each of the methods ultimately handicap the rate of progress with the exception of free soloing.
Free soloing.
The simplest way to increase the speed of climbing is to shed all safety precautions such as belaying and placing protection. This leads to free soloing as rapidly as possible. While strictly speaking this qualifies as full speed climbing or a type of style climbing it is different enough to be recognized as its own category of speed climbing.
Records.
Most speed climbing records lack the standards normally associated with an objectively "records". Hans Florine has written "I will be the first to say that climbing is silly. To make rules about it is just piling ridiculous on top of silly."
There are no sanctioned speed climbing competitions on significant rock features. Nearly all climbing goals and records are self-designed, self-timed, self-officiated, few are well documented, and many are disputed.
The collection that follows abide by these loose standards.
Time formate either hrs:min or hrs:min:sec.
California.
The Nose, El Capitan
Regular Northwest Route, Half Dome
Snake Dike, Half Dome
Joshua Tree National Park
Jackson Falls, Illinois 
Colorado.
Bastille Crack
Third Flatiron
Nevada.
Epinephrine
Cat In The Hat
New York.
The Gunks
Wyoming.
Grand Traverse

</doc>
<doc id="20782466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782466" title="John Newland (disambiguation)">
John Newland (disambiguation)

John Newland (1917-2000), was an American film director, actor, television producer, and screenwriter.
John Newland may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20782478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782478" title="Eccrine angiomatous hamartoma">
Eccrine angiomatous hamartoma

Eccrine angiomatous hamartoma usually appear as a solitary nodular lesion on the acral areas of the extremities, particularly the palms and soles.

</doc>
<doc id="20782483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782483" title="Truncatellina callicratis">
Truncatellina callicratis

Truncatellina callicratis is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the vertigo snails.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20782484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782484" title="Reg Hunter">
Reg Hunter

John Reginald "Reg" Hunter (born 25 October 1938) was a Welsh footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Colwyn Bay, Denbighshire (now Conwy). He played for Colwyn Bay, Manchester United, Wrexham and Bangor City

</doc>
<doc id="20782495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782495" title="Peter Kremtz">
Peter Kremtz

Peter Kremtz (born April 26, 1940) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Meißen.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the East German boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782496" title="Nevus anemicus">
Nevus anemicus

Nevus anemicus is a congenital disorder characterized by macules of varying size and shape that are paler than the surrounding skin and cannot be made red by trauma, cold, or heat. The paler area is due to the blood vessels within the area which are more sensitive to the body’s normal vasoconstricting chemicals.
Symptoms.
This benign patch appears on the skin at birth or in early childhood. In most people these are under 10cm in size. If there is doubt about the diagnosis, rubbing the area causes the skin around the lesion to become red while the lesion itself does not change in color. Often the patches are difficult to see against the background color of the patient’s skin, but if sunburn develops, then the white area stands out prominently. The involved area is lighter than the normal skin, not because of a loss of pigment occurs, but because blood vessels are constricted, producing a permanent blanching of the area. This blanching is a functional rather than a structual abnormality, presumed to be caused by local increased sensitivity to catecholamines. Although the cutaneous vasculature appears normal histologically, the blood vessels within the nevus do not respond to injection of vasodilators. It has been postulated that the persistent pallor may represent a sustained localized adrenergic vasoconstriction. Results of a skin biopsy would be interpreted as normal and only physiological testing can reveal the nevus in contrast to normal skin. Stroking the patch elicits no red flare. Only the normal skin would react with a characteristic erythematous response. Examination under a Wood lamp can also reveal the nevus anemicus patch will not emphasize as a patch of vitiligo would.
Treatment.
Since the histopathology of nevus anemicus is normal, nevus anemicus is a pharmacologic nevus and not an anatomic one. In most people a nevus anemicus is on a covered area and so light in appearance that no treatment is needed.

</doc>
<doc id="20782501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782501" title="Pat McCarthy (footballer)">
Pat McCarthy (footballer)

Patrick McCarthy (born April 1888 - "unknown") was a Welsh footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Abergavenny. He played for Skelmersdale United, Manchester United, and Chester City.

</doc>
<doc id="20782502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782502" title="Wet Andes">
Wet Andes

The Wet Andes is a climatic and glaciological subregion of the Andes. Together with the Dry Andes it is one of the two subregions of the Argentine and Chilean Andes. The Wet Andes runs from a latitude of 35°S to Cape Horn at 56°S. According to Luis Lliboutry the Wet Andes can be classified after the absence of penitentes. In Argentina well developed penitentes are found as south as on Lanín Volcano (40°S). The glaciers of the Wet Andes have a far more stable line of equilibrium than those of the Dry Andes due to summer precipitations, low thermal oscillations and an overall high moisture.

</doc>
<doc id="20782506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782506" title="A Little Dream">
A Little Dream

A Little Dream is a 60-minute documentary film in English capturing the journey of former President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam's life from Rameswaram to Rashtrapati Bhavan. It was produced by Minveli Media Works and scripted-directed by P. Dhanapal, and unfolds in the form of a "story-in-story".
"Importance of Education" is the theme of the film, which also contains audio and video clips of important people associated with Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam. Noted dancer and actress Shobhana has played the lead role in the film. The short film concludes with a visual presentation of a poem "A song of Youth", written by Dr Kalam.
Read more at: http://news.oneindia.in/2008/01/21/documentary-on-kalam-launched-1200911675.html
An inspiring life story of a great leader of our generation, Dr.APJ. Abdul Kalam, former President of India, this documentary will be preserved and shall benefit young minds for its motivational content.
A trailer of the documentary can be downloaded from poduniversal.
The DVD was released on January 21, 2008 at Chennai by noted Film Director K. Balachander in the Presence of Dr. APJ. Abdul Kalam, former President of India. The first copy was received by Prof. C.Ramaswamy, Secretary, Dr. Mahalingam College of Engineering and Technology, Pollachi.
The special function also marked the launch of ‘Inaindunaam 99’ meaning ‘Together We 99’, a project inspired by Mr. Kalam, targeting at preparing 66 youngsters into social entrepreneurs under the guidance of 33 mentor organizations.
"A Little Dream" is a spark inducer for the younger generation towards the goal 'Importance of Education'.

</doc>
<doc id="20782508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782508" title="Brendan Dolan">
Brendan Dolan

Brendan Dolan (born 2 August 1973) is a professional darts player from Northern Ireland who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events. He is best known for becoming the first player to hit a nine-dart finish in a double to start event which he did at the 2011 World Grand Prix. Dolan lost in the final of the tournament to Phil Taylor and it is to date his only appearance in a major final. Away from the television cameras in floor events on the PDC Pro Tour he lost his first seven finals, before winning his maiden ranking title in 2013.
Career.
After two early exits in the 2003 and 2004 UK Open, his first major run came in the 2004 World Grand Prix where he earned his place through the All Ireland qualifiers, winning one of four places. He defeated fellow qualifier Mark Wilton in the first round but lost 3–1 in the second to Kevin Painter. However, he did not yet play in full compliment of PDC events as he only took part in a total of four tournaments in 2005 and 2006.
Dolan reached the last 32 of the 2007 UK Open, beating Bob Anderson and Darren Johnson before losing to Dennis Priestley.
In March 2008, Dolan reached his first PDC Pro Tour final, doing so in the UK Open Midlands Regional Final. He scored wins over Vincent van der Voort, Roland Scholten, Wes Newton, Colin Lloyd and Colin Osborne before losing to Phil Taylor. The result though earned Dolan £3,000, which helped him finish 16th in the UK Open rankings and enter the tournament in the third round. He defeated fellow Irish player John MaGowan in the third round and then beat Adrian Lewis to reach the last 16 where he lost to Chris Thompson.
Dolan won the non-ranking 2008 Ulster Open, beating Ronnie Baxter in the final. He qualified for the 2008 World Grand Prix as the highest ranked Irish player in the PDC Order of Merit and was beaten in the first round by Jacko Barry.
Dolan qualified for the 2009 World Championship by winning one of eight places at the qualifiers in Telford. He was beaten 3–0 by number three seed James Wade in the first round.
In October, he reached his second PDC Pro Tour final in Nuland, where Wade fought back from 2–0 down to defeat Dolan 6–2.
He qualified for the 2010 PDC World Darts Championship via the Players Championship Order of Merit and won his first game at the event by defeating Tony Eccles 3–1 in the first round, but lost 4–0 in the second to Raymond van Barneveld, who hit a nine-dart finish in the match. He qualified for the Players Championship Finals for the first time but lost 6–5 to Adrian Lewis in the first round.
2011.
At the 2011 PDC World Darts Championship, Dolan defeated Kevin Painter 3–0 in the first round before losing 0–4 to Wes Newton in the second round.
At the World Grand Prix, Dolan defeated Wayne Jones, John Part and John Henderson to become the first Irish player to qualify for the semi-finals of the event. In his semi-final against James Wade, Dolan became the first darts player to hit a nine-dart finish with the double-start rule on television. He hit 160 to start, followed by a 180 then followed this up with treble 20, treble 17, and then the bullseye. Dolan eventually won the match 5–2 to reach the final, where his run ended with a 6–3 loss to Phil Taylor.
2012.
Dolan did not enjoy a good 2012 World Championship as he lost 0–3 in the first round to Kim Huybrechts, picking up just two legs during the match.
He then represented Northern Ireland with Michael Mansell in the 2012 PDC World Cup of Darts and together they reached the quarter-finals, where they were whitewashed by the Netherlands 0–4, having beaten Denmark in the second round. Dolan reached the last 32 of the UK Open, where he lost 8–9 to Denis Ovens. He also reached the World Matchplay for the first time and was defeated by Andy Hamilton 7–10 in the first round. At the European Championship he beat Justin Pipe and Andree Welge to set up a quarter-final meeting with Phil Taylor, who had never lost a match in the event. Dolan became the first man in 23 attempts to defeat Taylor in the tournament with a 10–6 win, at the same time breaking his own duck against the fifteen-time world champion after 14 previous losses. Dolan played Wes Newton in the semi-finals and from being 9–6 up he lost five consecutive legs to bow out 9–11.
Dolan once again produced his best form at his home tournament, the World Grand Prix in October. He comfortably beat world number four Gary Anderson, Vincent van der Voort and Justin Pipe to reach the semi-finals for the second successive year and the second successive major event. Dolan took out a 170 finish to trail 1–2 in sets against Mervyn King, but was unable to stop King from going on to win 5–2. At the Grand Slam of Darts, he finished second in Group F thanks to wins over Paul Nicholson and Barrie Bates to qualify for the last 16. Dolan played John Part and made a disastrous start to the match as he trailed 0–6 and despite only trailing at one point 6–8, he lost 6–10. After all 33 ProTour events of 2012 had been played, Dolan was 21st on the Order of Merit, comfortably inside the top 32 who qualified for the Players Championship Finals. He beat James Wade 6–4 in the first round, and again fell 0–6 down in the second round against Justin Pipe, and never quite recovered as he was defeated 8–10.
2013.
Dolan lost in the second round of the 2013 World Championship 1–4 to Raymond van Barneveld. In his third World Cup of Darts and second with Michael Mansell the pair were beaten 4–5 in the last 16 by the Croatian duo of Robert Marijanović and Tonči Restović. Dolan reached the final of the second UK Open Qualifier following wins over the likes of Dave Chisnall, Ronnie Baxter and van Barneveld. He faced Michael van Gerwen and was defeated 2–6. At the UK Open itself he eliminated Matt Padgett and Colin Lloyd to reach the last 16 for the first time since 2008. He faced Phil Taylor and missed three match darts when leading 8–7. He threw first in the deciding leg but Taylor only needed 11 darts to beat Dolan 9–8. In October, Dolan came extremely close to winning his first ranking tournament as he led Adrian Lewis 3–0 in the final of the ninth Players Championship, but went on to lose 6–4. He faced Lewis again a few days later in the first round of the World Grand Prix and lost in the deciding leg of the final set. Another defeat in a final followed at the Dutch Darts Masters as he was beaten 6–3 by Kim Huybrechts despite averaging 101.52. This meant he had appeared in eight ranking finals without landing a title. However, a week later at the 13th Players Championship Dolan finally won his first PDC ranking tournament. He took advantage of a depleted field due to the top 16 on the Order of Merit all participating in the Masters to defeat world number 110 Ricky Evans 6–3 in the final. His second tournament win came later in the month at the final Players Championship of 2013 where he beat Jamie Robinson 6–1 in the final.
2014.
Dolan was outplayed by Gary Anderson in the 2014 World Championship in a 4–1 defeat, meaning he has failed to advance beyond the second round in six appearances at the event. He won the fourth UK Open Qualifier by beating Jamie Lewis 6–1.

</doc>
<doc id="20782509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782509" title="Manfred Gelpke">
Manfred Gelpke

Manfred Gelpke (born March 3, 1940) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Dresden.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the East German boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782511" title="Nevus oligemicus">
Nevus oligemicus

Nevus oligemicus presents as a patch of livid skin that is cooler than the normal skin, as a result of decreased blood flow, in which vasoconstriction of deep vessels is thought to be the underlying defect.

</doc>
<doc id="20782514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782514" title="Roland Göhler">
Roland Göhler

Roland Göhler (born March 26, 1943) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Meißen.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the East German boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782517" title="William Sarvis">
William Sarvis

William Isaac Sarvis (July 1898 – 22 March 1968) was a Welsh footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Merthyr Tydfil. He played for Aberdare Athletic, Merthyr Town, Manchester United, Bradford City and Walsall.

</doc>
<doc id="20782530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782530" title="Klaus Jacob (rower)">
Klaus Jacob (rower)

Klaus Jacob (born April 20, 1943) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Aussig.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the East German boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782537" title="Jonathan Clark (footballer)">
Jonathan Clark (footballer)

Jonathan Clark (born 12 November 1958) was a Welsh footballer. His regular position was as a midfielder. He was born in Swansea. He played for Aberdare Athletic, Manchester United, Derby County, Preston North End, Bury, and Carlisle United. Ryan Clark his youngest son, age 19, is a qualified IT technician.

</doc>
<doc id="20782541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782541" title="Vertigo lilljeborgi">
Vertigo lilljeborgi

Vertigo lilljeborgi is a species of minute land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.
Distribution.
The type locality for this species is on the southern shore of Tresjön Lake, near Ronneby, Blekinge province, in Sweden.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands in Northern Europe including:
Shell description.
The shell is ventricose, ovate, strongly glossy, very finely striate, chestnut horn-color. The shell has 5 whorls, rather rapidly increasing, convex, the last but little higher than the penult, double as high as the next earlier whorl, a little ascending in front. Suture is slightly oblique.
Aperture is quite piriform, or obliquely cordate, with 1 parietal tooth (sometimes with another punctiform one), 2 columellar teeth, the lower very small, often wanting; 2 short, high, equal, immersed teeth 
in the palate, bounded by a reddish brown streak in front. Peristome is weak, expanded, the margins delicately united; outer margin not impressed, scarcely produced angularly forward.
The width of the adult shell varies from 1.25 to 1.5 mm, the height from 2-2.25 mm.
"Vertigo lilljeborgi", compared with "Vertigo moulinsiana", is much smaller, more glossy, its whorls are more tumid, and its thinner lip lacks the broad, almost colorless margin of the latter.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20782545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782545" title="Dieter Semetzky">
Dieter Semetzky

Dieter Semetzky (born November 3, 1949) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Dresden.
In 1968 he was the coxswain of the East German boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782546" title="Lamu East Constituency">
Lamu East Constituency

Lamu East Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of two constituencies in Lamu District. The constituency has six wards, all electing councillors for the Lamu County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20782547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782547" title="Hans Endreß">
Hans Endreß

Hans Endreß (Endress) (5 July 1911 — 24 January 1969) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Hans Endress was born on 5 July 1911, at Stuttgart.
He volunteered to join the SS in 1934 and was posted to the SS-VT in September 1939 and fought in the Polish Campaign the Battle of France and the Balkans Campaign.
In 1943 he was given command of the 13th Company, 6th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Theodor Eicke" and promoted to Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in January 1944.
In January 1945 he was given command of the II.Battalion, 6th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Theodor Eicke".
He was awarded the Knight's Cross while in command of the II.Battalion, which in March 1945 attacked and captured Bajna, which was used for a further attack on Budapest.
Endress was made a prisoner of war in May 1945 and released from captivity in 1948.
He died in his home town of Stuttgart on 24 January 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20782551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782551" title="List of Argentine Primera División transfers January 2009">
List of Argentine Primera División transfers January 2009

Argentinos Juniors.
In
Out
Arsenal de Sarandí.
In
Out
Banfield.
In
Out
Boca Juniors.
In
Out
Colón de Santa Fe.
In
Out
Estudiantes de La Plata.
In
Out
Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata.
In
Out
Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy.
In
Out
Godoy Cruz.
In
Out
Huracán.
In
Out
Independiente.
In
Out
Lanús.
In
Out
Newell's Old Boys.
In
Out
Racing Club.
In
Out
River Plate.
In
Out
Rosario Central.
In
Out
San Lorenzo.
In
Out
San Martín de Tucumán.
In
Out
Tigre.
In
Out
Vélez Sársfield.
In
Out

</doc>
<doc id="20782562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782562" title="David Jones (footballer born 1914)">
David Jones (footballer born 1914)

David Gwilym Jones (10 June 1914 – 30 May 1988) was a Welsh footballer. His regular position was as a defender. He was born in Ynysddu. He played for Cardiff City, Newport County, Manchester United, Wigan Athletic, and Swindon Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20782576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782576" title="Freddy Breck">
Freddy Breck

Freddy Breck ("Gerhard Brecker"; 21 January 1942, in Sonneberg, Thuringia – 17 December 2008, in Rottach-Egern, Upper Bavaria) was a German schlager singer, composer, record producer, and news anchor.
Breck studied to be a machinist, then studied singing under Heinz Gietz. He sang schlager songs which were based on well-known classical melodies. His first success was "Überall auf der Welt", based on Va, pensiero from Giuseppe Verdi's "Nabucco". This he recorded in English as "We Believe In Tomorrow" and released it as a single in late 1972 - it topped the South African Charts in early 1973. He went on to score 5 platinum records and 35 gold records over the course of his career.
In 1978, he issued an English language disc. In the 1980s, he worked as a news presenter for various stations, and wrote music for groups such as the Original Naabtal Duo, the Kastelruther Spatzen and Nina & Mike. He founded his own record label, Sun Day Records, with his wife Astrid in 1998, and in 1999 they released music as a duo, Astrid & Freddy Breck.
Breck died of cancer in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20782586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782586" title="Tses">
Tses

Tses is a village in Karas Region, Namibia with a population of approximately 1000; probably 1000 more live in the surrounding semi-desert farming hinterland. It is situated one kilometre off the main B1 highway from Windhoek to Cape Town and Johannesburg, opposite the turning to Berseba and Brukkaros Mountain. From 1980 until independence in 1990, Tses was part of Namaland, a reserve set aside for the Nama people.
The main economic activity in this area is subsistence livestock farming. Tses houses a general dealer and a petrol station. The passenger trains from Windhoek to Keetmanshoop stop at Tses.
Politics.
Local authority results, 2010.
In the 2010 local authority election, a total of 984 votes were cast in the village. SWAPO won with approximately 55% of the vote. Of the four other parties seeking seats, DTA received approximately 21% of the vote, followed by RDP (19%), SWANU (2%) and COD (2%).

</doc>
<doc id="20782588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782588" title="Nevus flammeus nuchae">
Nevus flammeus nuchae

Naevus flammeus nuchae, also known as a stork bite, is a congenital capillary malformation present in 25–50% of newborns. It is a common type of birthmark in a newborn and is usually temporary.
Causes.
Stork bites occur in about one third of all newborns.
A stork bite is due to a stretching (dilation) of certain blood vessels. It may become darker when the child cries or room temperature changes. It may fade when you gently press on it.
Symptoms.
A stork bite usually looks pink and flat. A baby may be born with a stork bite, or the birthmark may appear in the first months of life. Stork bites may be found on the forehead, eyelids, nose, upper lip, or back of the neck. The skin is not thickened and feels no different from anywhere else on the body; the only difference is in appearance.
Exams and tests.
A doctor can diagnose a stork bite with a simple visual inspection. No tests are needed.
Treatment.
No treatment is needed. If a stork bite lasts longer than 3 years, it may be removed using laser surgery to change the person's appearance.
Outlook (prognosis).
Most stork bites on the face go away completely in about 18 months. Stork bites on the back of the neck usually do not go away.

</doc>
<doc id="20782596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782596" title="Canadian Bureau for International Education">
Canadian Bureau for International Education

The Canadian Bureau for International Education (CBIE) promotes Canada's international relations through international education - supporting the interests of foreign nationals studying in Canada and the Canadians studying abroad. It advocates for the free movement of ideas and learners across national boundaries. The CBIE is a national, bilingual, not-for-profit, membership organization comprising members from 200 colleges, universities, school boards, educational organizations, government agencies, and businesses. 
Services.
The CBIE services for members and learners include educational exchanges, scholarships, training awards, internships, and technical assistance in education. The CBIE is engaged in scholarship management, civil society and public sector reform, research and information services, advocacy, training programs, and professional development for international educators. 
Scholarships.
CBIE manages a range of awards on behalf of the Government of Canada which are offered to Canadian students studying abroad.
CBIE manages a range of awards which are offered to foreign students studying in Canada. 
The CBIE manages a range of awards on behalf of the Ministry of Higher Education of Kuwait, in partnership with the Cultural Division of the Embassy of the State of Kuwait in Canada.
The Libyan-North American Scholarship Program 
Alumni.
The Government of Canada Scholars' Alumni Association (GCSAA) is for departing and former award-holders under the Canadian Commonwealth Scholarship Program (CCSP) and Government of Canada Awards Program: 
Facilities.
The head office of the CBIE is 220 Laurier Avenue West, Suite 1550 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Affiliations.
The CBIE has worked with United Nations agencies, the World Bank, the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade Canada, the Canadian International Development Agency, foreign governments, international investors and Canadian foundations and corporations. 
History.
Although the Canadian Bureau for International Education was incorporated in 1966, the organization developed in the late 1940s as Friendly Relations with Overseas Students (FROS). The organization was also previously named Canadian Service for Overseas Students and Trainees (CSOST).

</doc>
<doc id="20782597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782597" title="Brindley &amp; Foster">
Brindley &amp; Foster

Brindley & Foster was a pipe organ builder based in Sheffield who flourished between 1854 and 1939.
Background.
The business was established by Charles Brindley in 1854. He was joined by Albert Healey Foster in 1871 and the company acquired the name Brindley & Foster.
Charles Brindley was born in Baslow in the early 1830s. He retired in 1887 and died in 1893.
Brindley was a follower of Edmund Schulze. He built solid instruments with powerful choruses using Vogler’s Simplification system. Pipes placed in chromatic order on the soundboards allowed for a simple and reliable key action and permitted similar stops to share the same bass, keeping both space and cost to a minimum. The Swell organ was often mounted above the Great in the German manner. 
After the partnership with Foster they began to manufacture more complex pneumatic mechanisms for stop combinations; he also concentrated on the production of orchestral effects. 
The business of Brindley and Foster was bought by Willis in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20782614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782614" title="UNAM Radio">
UNAM Radio

UNAM Radio is the radio station of the University of Namibia. It broadcasts on 97.4 fm and is based in Windhoek.
Established in the year 2000 Unam radio is part of the University of Namibia mission to increase practical and students involvement with media and also to highlight the universities activities to the wider community. (Tyson. p65).
The radio station is mainly dedicated to the university students and also the young at heart. For those students from Unam they are always updated on what is happening on campus as not all work around to see the notices and adverts put up on campus. This station also introduces topics that affect the lives of the campus students daily, the students get to give their views and opinions on the topic this usually happens via text messages because this service is free for them to send their messages and makes it really affordable for the students. The radio station dedicates most of its time playing local music and the latest international music.

</doc>
<doc id="20782619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782619" title="School for the Gifted">
School for the Gifted

School For The Gifted is located in Gwagwalada, Abuja, Nigeria.
It was formerly known as Government Gifted Secondary School.

</doc>
<doc id="20782621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782621" title="Ian Habgood">
Ian Habgood

Ian Habgood (born 12 April 1974) is a British television and film score composer, producer and instrumentalist.
Career.
Early work.
After graduating from Newcastle College in 1996, he moved to London and began composing music for Alton Towers, Thorpe Park and Madame Tussauds. He produced music for many themed attractions in Europe including Air the world's first Bolliger & Mabillard flying roller coaster, Pirates 4D cinema attraction starring Leslie Nielsen, Colossus the world's first roller-coaster with 10 inversions and Colossos.
Music for film and television.
In 2000, he began producing music for Television, composing music for the comedy television shows "Fat Friends" and Star Street. Habgood also provided music for the BBC One drama shows Green Eyed Monster, Life for Daniel and his music.
Habgood is also known for his music in Films. In 2004 he composed music for the films 9 Dead Gay Guys starring Steven Berkoff, Conspiracy of Silence Charlie starring Luke Goss, and The Piano Player starring Dennis Hopper. In 2007 he composed music for the Malaysian movie "Pua" which won the award for "Best Short Film Documentary" at the 50th Asia Pacific Film Festival.
Advertising agencies including Saatchi & Saatchi, Leo Burnett Worldwide, McCann Erickson and BBDO have commissioned Habgood to write music for television commercials. He has composed music for famous brands including Pepsi, Cadburys, KFC, Nokia, Toyota and McDonalds, and his music is regularly synced to international TV shows and documentaries.
Music for themed attractions.
Habgood is known for composing a mixture of orchestral and contemporary music for international amusement parks and attractions. His works are performed in European parks including Alton Towers, Heide Park, Thorpe Park and Chessington World of Adventures. In 2012 he composed instrumental music and the dance song "Hollywood Dreams" for the Hollywood Dreams Parade at Universal Studios Singapore.
Voice work and TV presenting.
Habgood also works as a voice presenter under the name "Ian Brit". He is the presenter for FCCE's weekly movie entertainment show "Films and Stars Asia" and has voiced a variety of television commercials and CNN spots. In January 2012 he narrated the National Geographic 3D documentary "Fight Club Asia".

</doc>
<doc id="20782625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782625" title="Midline nevus flammeus">
Midline nevus flammeus

Midline nevus flammeus (also known as "angel's kiss,") is a vascular birthmark which may be found on the glabellar region or on one upper eyelid, and presents in approximately 15% of newborns.

</doc>
<doc id="20782629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782629" title="Forward Magazine">
Forward Magazine

Forward Magazine is a Syrian English-language newsmagazine published monthly in Damascus. It was the first private English-language periodical to be licensed in Syria, since all private media was nationalized by Gamal Abdel Nasser in 1958, during the short-lived Syrian-Egyptian union. The magazine started in January 2007, with the motto "The Only Way is Forward." In December 2009, Forward Launched its digital edition in collaboration with Pressmart Media.
Background.
Pro-regime "Forward Magazine" was founded by media and technology entrepreneur Abdulsalam Haykal. The first edition appeared on 5 January 2007. According to a statement on the magazine's website, Forward was built "on the firm conviction that the only way is forward in Syria and other options do not exist." While the magazine claims to be "the only balanced, local, and reliable source of information on Syria in the English language," some observers have dubbed it as "pro-regime."
The magazine has been able to attract several leading media figures as contributors including David Ignatius of The Washington Post, Hala Gorani of CNN, and Riz Khan of al-Jazeera. It has featured exclusive interviews with international figures, including former US President Jimmy Carter, Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner, German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer, and Syria's First Lady Asma al-Assad.
The magazine has established its own blog recently, Untold Damascene Stories, with its own writers as the blog's contributors.
American focus.
"Forward Magazine" has an American focus in its coverage of international affairs, and was supportive of Barack Obama's election. Although since it has been critical of the American President's dealings with Israel, warning that US policy towards nuclear nations may allow Israel to have a hand in future terror attacks against the United States. It also stated that Israel was behind the murder of Rafic Hariri but Obama, not wanting to not alienate Jewish voters, refused to allow special tribunals to consider Israel as a suspect but instead maintain focus on only Hizbollah and Syria.
One of Forward's regular contributors is Imad Moustapha, Syria's Ambassador to the United States. In April 2007, Forward ran an article by US Institute of Peace specialist Scott Lasensky on "How to move the Syria-American relations forward?" In June 2007, another piece by Hind Kabawat stressed a similar notion of how cultural exchange can be a tool for better relations between Syria and the US. In August 2007, Imad Moustapha gave an interview for Forward Magazine in which he stated about the American government: "I don’t spare them and they don’t spare me. It is a fair game."
In November 2008, Forward ran the headline: "To our American readers" on its front cover. The 14-page series of articles and photographs denounced the American strike on Abu Kamal, a city in North-eastern Syria, and depicted blood-stained concrete from the attack site. Earlier in July 2008, Forward ran a story by the American writer Scott C. Davis on "What Michelle Obama can learn from Asma al-Assad." In December 2008, Forward ran a series of articles to mark the election of Barack Obama as next president of the United States. The front-cover headline was: "Obamania sweeps away Bushism." The edition included a section titled "10 Syrian Christmas wishes to Obama." Forward featured an interview also with Ambassador Edward Djerejian, head of the James Baker Institute at Rice University.
In March 2008, Forward published an editorial by one of its contributors, T. Hariri, that addresses Obama and what he refers to as "the Bush era:"
The politics of 9-11 would continue to ripple the American fabric through the duration of the near decade of the markedly reactionary Bush era. It was an episode in the theater of American politics whose deliberate policies revealed a reckless abandon: a political-cum-cultural movement retrograde to the American ideals that have always been embedded in potential, and bolstered by historical beginnings, not ends. 
Editorial board, publisher, and contributors.
"Forward Magazine" is edited by Syrian historian and writer Sami Moubayed, an author of books, who reports on Syrian affairs with regular contributions to Asia Times, Gulf News, and PostGlobal. In July 2008, he was part of the unofficial Syrian delegation to the United States whose request to meet officials at the State Department was turned down. Together with the other two members of the group, Moubayed was described as a "regime-sanctioned mouthpiece." 
The magazine is published by Haykal Media, which also produces Syria's popular business bi-weekly "Aliqtisadi", and the lifestyle monthly "Happynings". The company is also involved in online media. The magazine officers as stated on their website are:
Contributors to Forward Magazine include: 

</doc>
<doc id="20782640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782640" title="Jamie Johnson">
Jamie Johnson

Jamie Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20782641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782641" title="Frank Forberger">
Frank Forberger

Frank Forberger (March 5, 1943 – September 30, 1998) was a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Meißen.
In 1968 he was the bowman of the East German boat which won the gold medal in the coxless fours event.
Four years later he won his second gold medal as bowman of the East German boat in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782644" title="Malahide RFC">
Malahide RFC

Malahide RFC is an Irish rugby club based in Malahide, Fingal County. Newly promoted they will play in Division One of the Leinster League in the 2013 /2014 season. The club was originally founded in 1922 but disbanded in 1944 because of a lack of members during World War II. The club was reformed in 1978 and in 2006 the club moved into its new grounds on Estuary Road. The club colours are black and amber the same colours as Malahide Cricket Club and Malahide Yacht Club.
History.
Malahide R.F.C. was founded in 1922 and its initial patron was Lord Talbot of Malahide. In those years Malahide R.F.C. fielded two senior teams, playing in Leinster Branch IRFU, League and Cup competitions. Matches were played in Malahide Castle grounds, on the site where Malahide Cricket Club presently reside. Many players lived outside the village and travelled from Rush, Skerries and Dublin to play for Malahide R.F.C. At the end of each season an Honour Cap was awarded to the outstanding players for that season. The award took the form of a velvet cap, black in colour and rimmed with gold tassels with the relevant year embroidered on the front of the cap. On 27 September 1944, an Extraordinary General Meeting was held in the pavilion. It was presided over by Dr. H. Micheal and in attendance were eleven members. Shortage of members, local support was waning and World War II was taking its toll on membership. The decision was taken to disband the club.
Many of the personalities associated with the early club still had connections with Malahide. So it was that some of these men held a re-union in The Grove Hotel, Malahide, Some younger people also attended. As a result of a meeting, Malahide R.F.C. was reformed in 1978. Two pitches were rented in Malahide Castle grounds, now under the control of Fingal County Council as Lord Talbot had bequeathed the Castle and demesne to the Irish Government. In 1989 the club purchased their own land on the Back Road, opposite Malahide Castle. In March 1992 the clubhouse and pitch were officially opened. 
The mid-1990s were a very successful period in the club's history. In 1996 Malahide won the Leinster League Division Four and were promoted into Division Three which they won the next season. Malahide stayed in Division Two for two seasons but were relegated in 2000. 
On 16 September 2006 the Club's new grounds at Estuary Road were officially opened. The opening was marked by former Malahide resident and Irish rugby legend Ollie Campbell and with a one off blitz tournament between Malahide and Clontarf, Suttonians, Skerries, Coolmine, Swords, Balbriggan and Old Belvedere. In 2009 the club unveiled the new players strip. The kit retained the old traditional Black & Gold colours but with a new modern variation.
In 2010 the club appointed Rick Evans as the first team head coach. The club went on to win the league by winning all their games bar one, ending the campaign with a 57-3 win over Railway Union away. The first team were promoted to Leinster Division 2 for the 2011/12 season.
Facilities.
The new clubhouse boasts state of the art facilities including two rugby pitches (one floodlit) and use of the adjacent Seabury pitch plus, four changing rooms, a referees changing room, a plunge pool, a high quality weights room and a physio room. The clubhouse also has a Rugby Bar and a Function Room suitable for seating over 120 people, kitchen facilities and a conference room capable of holding up to 200 people.
Teams.
Senior Teams.
Malahide RFC currently fields 3 Senior teams for the 2013/14 season. The first team play in Leinster League Division 1B, the second team in Leinster Metro League Division 4 and the third team, nicknamed the "Thirsty Thirds", play in Leinster Metro League Division 9. Malahide also occasionally field an over 35's team (VET's). Malahide RFC have strong ambitions to become a Leinster senior rugby club and this has been demonstrated recently by promotion to Leinster League Division 1.
Womens Rugby.
Malahide women's rugby team is in its fourth year of competition. The team has grown from its origins of touch and leprechaun rugby to All Ireland Division Two. There is great team spirit among the ladies on the team with many social occasions been held to help with team building and for pure fun.
Youth and Mini Rugby.
At youth level teams are fielded at Under 13, 14, 15, 17 and 19 in Dublin Metropolitan Leagues and mini level teams are fielded at, Under 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 12, also competing in Dublin Metropolitan competitions. The youth system in the club has been very successful in recent years with many players going on to represent the Leinster Metro team.
The club also has a strong association with Malahide Community School, the school teams play their home matches at the club and many past and present pupils have gone on to represent the club at senior level and youth levels.

</doc>
<doc id="20782648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782648" title="Noel McFarlane">
Noel McFarlane

William Noel McFarlane (20 December 1934 - "unknown") was an Irish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Bray. He played for Eire SchoolboysBray WanderersManchester United, Waterford and Altrincham FC, 
He was one of the legendary Busby Babes, a member of the formidable Manchester United youth team in the mid 50's that included Duncan Edwards and others that perished in the 1958 Munich air disaster.After returning to Ireland he played in the League of Ireland with Waterford FC in the later 1950s . That club (A forerunner of the present Waterford United)is now defunct.
Noel's son Ross McFarlane was a successful professional golfer, and is now a commentator for Sky Sports and other TV and media outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="20782651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782651" title="Nick Fullwell">
Nick Fullwell

Nick Fullwell (born 6 June 1969) is an English darts player who plays for the Professional Darts Corporation.
Career.
Fullwell joined the PDC circuit in 2005 and narrowly missed out qualifying for the World Grand Prix, losing in the final game to Gary Welding. After that, Fullwell struggled to progress in tournaments, failing to qualify for major tournaments, including the UK Open. It wasn't until the end of 2007 where Fullwell began showing some promise, reaching the last 16 in a Player Championship tournament in Holland. He then reached the quarter-finals of the 2008 Bobby Bourn Memorial Trophy.
Fullwell won qualification for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship, defeating former world champion Richie Burnett along the way, eventually beating Ken Dobson to qualify. He faced 2005 finalist Mark Dudbridge in the first round but lost 3-2.
Trivia.
Fullwell once miscounted on a nine-dart finish in a tournament in Ireland. Having hit two maximum 180s, Fullwell hit treble 20, followed by treble 17 and then finished on double 12 and while celebrating he was informed that he still required 6.

</doc>
<doc id="20782660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782660" title="2007 NECBL season">
2007 NECBL season

The 2007 NECBL season was the fourteenth season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a wood bat collegiate summer baseball league operating in the northeastern United States region of New England.
In the quarterfinal playoff rounds, Vermont defeated Keene 2-0 (7-3, 3-2), Torrington defeated Manchester 2-0 (6-5, 3-1), Newport defeated North Adams 2-1 (4-8, 6-4, 5-2), and Holyoke defeated Lowell 2-1 (5-4, 8-9, 5-4). In the semifinal rounds, Vermont defeated Holyoke 2-0 (7-3, 3-2) and Newport defeated Torrington 2-0 (5-0, 3-2). In game 1 of the championship series, Vermont defeated Newport 14-8. In game 2, Vermont defeated Newport 3-0 to win its second consecutive NECBL championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20782675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782675" title="Frank Rühle">
Frank Rühle

Frank Rühle (born March 5, 1944) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Dohna.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the East German boat which won the gold medal in the coxless fours event.
Four years later he won his second gold medal with the East German boat in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782682" title="Lamu West Constituency">
Lamu West Constituency

Lamu West Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of two constituencies in Lamu District. The constituency has eleven wards, all electing councillors for the Lamu County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20782686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782686" title="American Board of Nuclear Medicine">
American Board of Nuclear Medicine

The American Board of Nuclear Medicine (ABNM) certifies physicians as specialists in the practice of nuclear medicine. Diplomates of the ABNM are called nuclear medicine physicians. The ABNM is one of the 24 member boards of the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS).
Nuclear medicine procedures use the tracer principle, most often radioactive tracers called radiopharmaceuticals, to evaluate molecular, metabolic, physiologic, and pathologic conditions for diagnosis, therapy, and research. Nuclear medicine procedures are the major clinical applications of molecular imaging and molecular therapy.
Mission statement.
The American Board of Nuclear Medicine is the primary certifying organization for nuclear medicine in the United States. The Board serves the public through assurance of high quality patient care by establishing standards of training, initial certification, and continuing competence of physicians providing nuclear medicine diagnostic and therapeutic services.
Certification.
A physician certified by the American Board of Nuclear Medicine has
The American Board of Medical Specialties has a free website where certification of physicians can be confirmed, and where certified physicians can be found by geographic location.
Maintenance of certification.
Maintenance of Certification (MOC), is a program of continuing education and evaluation for the diplomates of all member boards of the American Board of Medical Specialties. Initial certification documents a physicians initial competence; Maintenance of Certification documents a commitment to remaining up-to-date. The American Board of Nuclear Medicine's MOC program has four parts.
Components of professional competence.
Nuclear medicine is a technology embedded medical specialty depending upon
The components of professional competence for nuclear medicine physicians include a basic understanding of all of these underlying sciences as well as a thorough understanding of their medical application. The program requirements for nuclear medicine residencies also include all of these elements.
Related organizations.
The American Board of Nuclear Medicine certifies individual nuclear medicine physicians. The nuclear medicine review committee of the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME) certifies nuclear medicine residency training programs. The Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (SNMMI), the major nuclear medicine scientific and professional organization, provides continuing education and self-assessment modules that can be used to fulfill the lifelong learning and self-assessment requirement of MOC, and the SNMMI is developing material for performance in practice evaluation. Additionally, the American Osteopathic Board of Nuclear Medicine is responsible for certification of osteopathic nuclear medicine physicians.
The American College of Nuclear Physicians (ACNP) represents the practice and socio-economic interests of those engaged in the use of radionuclides.
A closely related board, the American Board of Radiology (ABR), is another member of the American Board of Medical Specialties. The ABR certifies radiologists who also practice nuclear medicine.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) or associated state regulatory agencies oversee radiation safety associated with radioactive, by-product material. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) oversees the radiopharmaceuticals used by nuclear medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20782695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782695" title="Jimmy Kelly (footballer born 1957)">
Jimmy Kelly (footballer born 1957)

James William Kelly (born 2 May 1957) is an English former footballer. His regular position was as a midfielder. He was born in Carlisle, Cumbria. He played for Manchester United, Chicago Sting, Tulsa Roughnecks, Los Angeles Aztecs, and Portland Timbers.

</doc>
<doc id="20782698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782698" title="Zhuzilin Station">
Zhuzilin Station

Zhuzilin Station (), literally means Bamboo Forest Station in English, is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of the junction of Guangshen Expressway () and west of Shennan Dadao () in Futian District, Shenzhen, China. Besides two rail tracks for Luobao Line, there is an extra track to a depot called "Zhuzilin Depot" () for operations control centre and maintenance workshop.

</doc>
<doc id="20782707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782707" title="Todos Data System">
Todos Data System

Todos AB, providers of "security solutions" for Online Banking and eCommerce, is headquartered in Göteborg, has offices in Stockholm (Sweden), China, Taiwan, Germany and Brazil, as well as partners all over the world. In April 2010, Gemalto completed the acquisition of the company's entire equity.
Established in 1987, Todos AB (formerly known as TDS Todos Data System AB) focused initially on product solutions, based on smart card technology, primarily for the telecom sector. Attention was turned to two-factor authentication in the early 1990s and since 2001, Todos has been delivering strong authentication to the global banking and finance sector as total solutions providers, supporting clients with everything from design to delivery and logistics.
Todos AB's core offer is the eCode Suite, including the Todos Versatile Authentication Server (VAS), which enables strong authentication and transaction verification.
The Versatile Authentication Server supports all leading industry standards and is augmented by patented technology such as Dynamic Signatures. Using their EMV card and a Todos eCode reader, consumers can use their PIN code to securely sign internet banking transactions. An additional layer of security can be provided by displaying transaction details on the reader, so that users “sign what they see”, thwarting in particular “man-in-the-middle” attacks.
In September 2009, Todos delivered its 20th million product and amongst its 100+ clients leading banks such as ABN AMRO, Handelsbanken, Raiffeisen Bank Romania, Nordea, ICA Banken, China Construction Bank stand out.
In 2009 Todos AB was ranked by Deloitte Fast-50 Sweden and Fast-500 EMEA as Sweden's 15th - and EMEA's 201st - fastest growing IT-company, courtesy of an 894% revenue increase between 2004-2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20782710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782710" title="Dieter Grahn">
Dieter Grahn

Dieter Grahn (born March 20, 1944) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Sobótka.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the East German boat which won the gold medal in the coxless fours event.
Four years later he won his second gold medal with the East German boat in the coxless fours event.
See also.
World Rowing Championships

</doc>
<doc id="20782712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782712" title="John Gourlay (Scottish footballer)">
John Gourlay (Scottish footballer)

John Gourlay (1879 - "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a defender. He was born in Kirkendbright. He played for Manchester United and Annbank.

</doc>
<doc id="20782719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782719" title="Dieter Schubert">
Dieter Schubert

Dieter Schubert (born August 11, 1943) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Pirna-Copitz.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the East German boat which won the gold medal in the coxless fours event.
Four years later he won his second gold medal with the East German boat in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782720" title="Battle of Crogen">
Battle of Crogen

The Battle of Crogen took place in the Ceiriog Valley, Wales in 1165, between the vanguard of the forces of Henry II of England and an alliance of Welsh princes led by Owain Gwynedd. Although outnumbered, the ambush tactics and valour of the Welsh aided them in their defeat of King Henry's army. Some sources report that adverse weather conditions also played a major part in Henry's defeat. Those weather conditions however were endured by both sides. 
Background.
Henry II, who planned to conquer Wales and so expand the Angevin Empire, raised an army at Oswestry to march to the Berwyn mountains, via the Ceiriog Valley, in the summer of 1165. Intending to reach the fortresses of Rhuddlan and Basingwerk, Henry II expected resistance and recruited a sizeable force from his kingdoms. Owain, hearing of the invasion, raised an army at Corwen in response, comprising forces from all over Wales. Including his own forces of Gwynedd, led by himself and his brother Cadwaladr, the alliance of princes was made up of men from Deheubarth, under the leadership of Rhys ap Gruffudd, and troops from Powys.
The battle.
Henry's army had the advantage of greater numbers, so Owain's tactics were to raid and ambush. He planted skirmishers in the thick woods overlooking the pass Henry would take. When Henry's army advanced into the densely wooded Ceiriog Valley, the Welsh defenders assailed them repeatedly from their positions of cover. 
Realising the vulnerability of his army, Henry II ordered 2000 woodsmen to clear trees and widen the passage, allowing his forces to move more freely and quickly through the pass. The woodsmen were protected by the best of Henry's army and a powerful vanguard of pikemen, but their resistance was only effective for a short period. While the woodsmen cut the trees - his forces were ambushed at the point of Offa's Dyke (which then straddled the valley floor) at the point where "The Great Oak of the Gate of the Dead" now stands. - a strong force of Owain's troops emerged and assaulted Henry's vanguard, inflicting severe losses. This engagement was later known as the Battle of Crogen. 
Henry came within a whisker of losing his life, if not for the brave action of Hugh de St Clare, the Constable of Colchester Castle, who sacrificed his own life when he threw himself in front of a shaft meant for his King. The English forces disengaged and did indeed reach the Berwyn mountains but, hit hard by the Welsh armies, were forced to retreat from Wales altogether when Owain's forces succeeded in cutting off their supplies.
Aftermath.
Estimates of the losses suffered in the battle of Crogen vary, most modern historians consider them to have been relatively light with the English army suffering the bulk of the casualties. The place where this clash occurred is called Adwy'r Beddau, "the Pass of the Graves". His attempt at suppression of the Welsh and gaining control of Wales a failure, Henry II ordered Welsh hostages to be brought to him at Shrewsbury, and there oversaw the mutilation of twenty-two prisoners, two of whom were Owain's sons. Forced to abandon the conquest of Wales, Henry returned to his court at Anjou, while retaliation for the twenty-two tortured hostages was carried out on Normans throughout the Welsh lands.

</doc>
<doc id="20782729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782729" title="David McFetteridge">
David McFetteridge

David McFetteridge ("unknown" - "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Cowlairs, Bolton Wanderers, Derby County, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20782731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782731" title="MiniDVD (disambiguation)">
MiniDVD (disambiguation)

MiniDVD, miniDVD, Mini DVD or Mini-DVD may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20782736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782736" title="Opsis">
Opsis

Opsis () is the Greek word for spectacle in the theatre and performance. Its first use has been traced back to Aristotle's "Poetics." It is now taken up by theatre critics, historians, and theorists to describe the mise en scène of a performance or theatrical event.
Origins.
Opsis comes from the ancient Greek for "appearance, sight, view." The English word optic is derived from this word.
Aristotle and the Greeks.
Aristotle's use of the term opsis, as Marvin Carlson points out, are the "final element of tragedy" as outlined by Aristotle, but "receive no further consideration". Aristotle discusses opsis in book 6 of the poetics, but only goes as far as to suggest that "spectacle has, indeed, an emotional attraction of its own, but, of all the parts, it is the least artistic, and connected least with the art of poetry. For the power of Tragedy, we may be sure, is felt even apart from representation and actors. Besides, the production of spectacular effects depends more on the art of the stage machinist than on that of the poet".
Contemporary theatre theory.
In "Theories of the Theatre" by Marvin Carlson, the word opsis is replaced with the English equivalent "spectacle," but gives opsis/spectacle as much focus as Aristotle does in the Poetics; however, in "Dictionary of the Theatre: Terms, Concepts, and Analysis" Opsis is listed in the "terms" section, and defined as:
that which is visible, offered to the hence its connections with the notions of "spectacle" and "performance". In Aristotle's "Poetics, spectacle" is one of the six constituent parts of tragedy, but ranks below others considered to be more essential ... The place in theatre history assigned subsequently to the opsis, to what we would now call the [mise-en-scene, determined the mode of transmission and the overall meaning of the performance. "Opsis" is a spectific feature of the performing arts.
J. Michael Walton, in "The Greek Sense of Theatre: Tragedy Reviewed", challenges the traditional assumptions about Ancient Greek theatre. He states that “the visual aspect of the Greek theatre has for so long taken second place to the spoken word...it is still the common belief that what was said in the Greek tragedies was more important than what was seen.” Walton's thesis suggests that Ancient theatre lacks evidence of original productions, but that the written text, in comparison, is more accessible, and as a result, has caused Ancient theatre critics to relegate spectacle/mise-en-sene/opsis to less important aspects of theatre than the spoken word.
Ronald W. Vince, suggests that while it may 
seem logical simply to recognize "opsis" as stage spectacle or the "mise-en-scene" and so include it — if anywhere — in the vocabulary of performance theory. But there is implied even in Aristotle's use of the term a possible interpretation which would link "opsis" with the art of writing plays as well as with the art of staging them.

</doc>
<doc id="20782753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782753" title="Bob Milarvie">
Bob Milarvie

Robert "Bob" Milarvie (1864 – November 1912) was a Scottish footballer.
Playing career.
Milarvie played for Pollokshield and Hibernian before moving south to the English Midlands to join Stoke, where he played in the first season of the Football League, scoring five goals in fifteen matches for a struggling Stoke side who finished bottom of the table. He moved on to nearby Burslem Port Vale in the summer of 1889. He made his Vale debut in a 1–1 friendly match against Halliwell at the Athletic Ground on 2 September 1889, but his club were censured by the Football Association for fielding him as he had also signed for Derby County, with County then winning the fight for his services.
He left Derby in 1890 to sign with Newton Heath, he played four games for the club in the Football Alliance before moving on to neighbours Ardwick the following year. He played 19 Alliance league games in 1891–92, the final year of the league's existence. The club were then elected into the Football League Second Division, and Milarvie made 19 appearances in 1892–93. He played 23 games in 1893–94, but then lost his first team place to the new signings of Billy Meredith, Wally McReddie and Pat Finnerhan. Ardwick changed their name to Manchester City in 1894–95, and Milarvie left the club at the conclusion of the 1895–96 campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20782759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782759" title="Cavernous venous malformation">
Cavernous venous malformation

Cavernous venous malformations present as rounded, bright red or deep purple, spongy nodules, occurring chiefly on the head and neck and may involve both the skin and the mucous membranes.
It can be associated with "KRIT1", "CCM2" or "PDCD10".

</doc>
<doc id="20782769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782769" title="John Prentice (footballer born 1898)">
John Prentice (footballer born 1898)

John Prentice (19 October 1898 – 28 June 1966) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Glasgow. He played for Manchester United, Swansea City and Tranmere Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="20782771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782771" title="Get Off Your Ass and Jam">
Get Off Your Ass and Jam

"Get Off Your Ass and Jam" is a song by Funkadelic, track number 6 to their 1975 album "Let's Take It to the Stage". It was written by George Clinton, although the lyrics are made up entirely of repetitions of the phrase, "Shit! Goddamn! Get off yo' ass and jam!", interspersed with lengthy guitar solos. Critic Ned Raggett reviewed the song as one that "kicks in with one bad-ass drum roll and then scorches the damn place down".
Sampling.
The song has been sampled extensively by hip hop artists. It was one of the two songs at the heart of "Bridgeport Music, Inc. v. Dimension Films", in which the copyright in the song was held to be infringed when N.W.A. sampled a two-second guitar chord from the beginning of the Funkadelic tune, lowered the pitch and looped it five times in their song, "100 Miles and Runnin"'. Other artists who have sampled the song include:
Cover versions and other references.
The song later appeared on Funkadelic's "" released in the United States in 2006. In 1988, Miami Bass female rapper Anquette recorded a cover of the song, with the addition of her own rap lyrics, on her second album, "Respect".
Cornel West referenced the song in prose, quoting the lyrics in describing a "disco party" in a 1982 essay, "Epilogue: Sing a song". Music historian Arthur Kempton similarly notes that the band was "known to make some parents and alumni draw back and exclaim, 'Oh my God,' when from the stage they would incite a rapt crowd of young degree candidates to chant in full-throated unison, "Shit! Goddamn! Get off your ass and jam!"

</doc>
<doc id="20782772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782772" title="Kicks (song)">
Kicks (song)

"Kicks" is a song by American rock band Paul Revere & the Raiders. Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil wrote the song for The Animals, but the band's lead singer Eric Burdon turned it down.
Instead, Paul Revere & The Raiders recorded and released it as a single in 1966. The single was a number one hit in Canada, and reached number four in the United States. "Kicks" was included on the band's fifth album, "Midnight Ride", released in May 1966. A live version of the song was recorded on the band's 1996 "Greatest Hits Live" compilation album.
Considered one of the earliest anti-drug pop songs, "Kicks" was composed and released during an era in which pro-hippie, pro-experimentation, and other counterculture themes were gaining popularity on U.S. FM radio stations.
The song's message was consequently perceived as outdated by the emerging youth counterculture, as popular artists ranging from The Beatles to Jefferson Airplane had written songs whose themes sharply contrasted that of "Kicks." However, the song has received generally positive reviews by music critics in the decades since its release.
In 2004, "Kicks" was ranked number 400 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Background and composition.
After the Animals had chart success with the 1965 single "We Gotta Get Out of This Place," producer Terry Melcher asked the song's writers, Mann and Weil, to compose a similar song for Paul Revere & the Raiders.
The result was "Kicks," a song originally offered to the Animals, but turned down by lead singer Eric Burdon. Mann and Weil wrote the song as a warning to a friend about the dangers of drug use.
The lyrics consist of a narrator telling a girl that drug use causes addiction and that soft drugs can lead to the use of hard drugs.
Musically, the song's lead guitar lines recall the Beatles, while its bass figures are similar to those popularized by The Byrds. The song contains closer harmonies and a more euphonious melodic arrangement than the band's previous single, "Just Like Me".
Lead singer Mark Lindsay's R&B vocal style, combined with the song's guitar and organ instrumentation, is reminiscent of British bands such as The Kinks and The Yardbirds.
Release and reception.
In March 1966, "Kicks" entered the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at number 62.
The song peaked at number four in May,
and spent 14 weeks on the chart.
Within two months of its release, the single had sold 500,000 copies.
It was the highest-charting U.S. hit to that date for Paul Revere & the Raiders, later eclipsed only by 1971's "Indian Reservation (The Lament of the Cherokee Reservation Indian)," which peaked at number one.
"Kicks" became the band's first Canadian number one single when it topped the Canadian Singles Chart in May 1966.
The song is considered the first with an anti-drug message to become a U.S. hit single.
With the passage of the Communications Act of 1934, the Federal Communications Commission was chartered to monitor the radio and TV industries, meaning broadcasts were subject to censorship.
Some censors, based on the song title alone, mistakenly believed "Kicks" to glorify drug use.
Despite the song's commercial success, its lyrics were soon perceived as outdated by young people, as they increasingly experimented with marijuana and LSD. Meanwhile, songs emerged from popular artists who praised, sometimes cryptically and sometimes overtly, the use of psychedelic drugs. These acts included the Beatles, The Rolling Stones, the Grateful Dead, Jefferson Airplane and the Byrds. The messages contained within hit songs such as "White Rabbit," "Along Comes Mary" and "Eight Miles High" were antithetical to that of "Kicks," which contributed to a perception by members of the burgeoning youth counterculture that Paul Revere & the Raiders were part of the Establishment. Singer–songwriter David Crosby, then a member of the Byrds, was upset with the success of the song, particularly as it came just after his group's "Eight Miles High" had been boycotted by many U.S. radio stations.
Crosby described "Kicks" as "a dumb anti-drug song" that took "a falsely adopted stance. With 'Eight Miles High,' we were talking about something very near and dear to our hearts."
On the other hand, Beach Boys founder Brian Wilson singled out "Kicks" as one his favorites of Terry Melcher's works.
Music critic Chris Brown of "Crawdaddy!" praised the song's vocal, saying "the use of harmony is well-timed and wonderfully executed; and the power in the vocal as the last word of each verse stretches into the chorus is undoubtedly what sells the song."
Bruce Eder of Allmusic called it "a great song that managed to be cool and anti-drug."
In his 2009 book, "Everybody Must Get Stoned", author R. U. Sirius named "Kicks" the number one rock song against drugs.
Sirius said, "With clear and concise lyrics by the famous Mann-Weil songwriting team, there's no cheese on rock's first anti-drug platter."
The song was ranked number 400 on "Rolling Stone"'s 2004 list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Other versions.
Paul Revere & the Raiders performed a live version of "Kicks" on the band's 1996 "Greatest Hits Live" compilation.
Lindsay, with the Mark Lewis Trio, re-recorded the song on the 1990 album "Looking for Shelter".
A live version appears on his 1999 album "Legends Live: Mark Lindsay & Friends".
Former bass guitarist Phil Volk, with his band Fang & the Gang, performed the song on the 2005 tribute album "Fang Reveres the Raiders".
Mann and Weil revisited the song in their 2004 Off Broadway revue "They Wrote That? The Songs of Barry Mann & Cynthia Weil".
Singer-songwriter Del Shannon recorded a cover of "Kicks" on his 1966 album "This Is My Bag".
Surf rock group The Challengers covered the song on their album "California Kicks", also released in 1966.
The Leathercoated Minds, a studio band featuring J. J. Cale on guitar and production, performed the song on their 1968 album "A Trip Down the Sunset Strip".
Psychedelic rock band Nazz covered the song on their final album "Nazz III".
In 1974, John Mellencamp was signed to MCA Records after Mellencamp recorded a demo on which he performed the song.
Rock band Earth Quake recorded a version of the song on their 1977 album "Levelled".
Leif Garrett covered "Kicks" on his 1979 album "Same Goes for You".
Naz Nomad and the Nightmares, a side project featuring members of punk band The Damned, covered the song on their 1984 album "Give Daddy the Knife Cindy".
The Monkees included their version of the song on their 1986 greatest hits compilation "Then & Now... The Best of The Monkees".
Rock band The Flamin' Groovies released "Kicks" as a single from their 1986 album "One Night Stand".
In 1999, jazz guitarist Mimi Fox released the album "Kicks", on which her rendition of the song appears.
Garage rock band The Gants added a version of the song on their 2000 greatest hits album "I Wonder".
Everclear covered the song on their 2008 album "The Vegas Years".

</doc>
<doc id="20782780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782780" title="David Robbie">
David Robbie

David Middleton Robbie (6 October 1899 – 4 December 1978) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Motherwell. He played for Renton, Bury, Plymouth Argyle, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20782782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782782" title="Heinz Müller (SS officer)">
Heinz Müller (SS officer)

Heinz Fritz Müller (6 December 1912 — 17 March 1945) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. He was also one of only 631 awarded the very rare Close Combat Clasp in Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="20782787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782787" title="Steve Grubb">
Steve Grubb

Steve Grubb (born 19 September 1968) is an English darts player who plays for the Professional Darts Corporation, nicknamed Grubby.
Career.
Grubb fell two games short of qualifying for the 2006 World Matchplay, losing to Andy Hamilton who eventually qualified. He then fell one game short of qualifying for the 2007 PDC World Darts Championship. Having beaten Tom Kirby and Paul Williams, he lost in the final game to Wayne Atwood. In 2008, Grubb secured his best ever performance in the PDC Pro Tour, reaching the last 16 in the Players Championship in Las Vegas, beating David Fatum and Tony Ayres before losing to Mark Frost.
Grubb make amends of missing out in the 2007 World Championship by claiming one of eight places for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship, beating American Isen Veljic to qualify. He was drawn against number 1 seed Phil Taylor in the first round but lost the match 3-0.
He also runs a Darts team in the Somerset Super League called Radstock where he plays with close friend and 1992 World Champion Runner-up Mike Gregory.

</doc>
<doc id="20782791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782791" title="David Weyhe Smith">
David Weyhe Smith

David Weyhe Smith (September 24, 1926 – January 23 1981) was an American pediatrician and dysmorphologist.
Smith was born in Oakland, California. He gained his medical degree from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and worked with Lawson Wilkins in the field of pediatric endocrinology. He began working at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health in 1958, and became a professor of pediatrics there. From 1966 until the end of his career he was at the University of Washington, Seattle. His work in dysmorphology was recognized worldwide.
His book "Recognizable Patterns of Human Malformation" is considered a key work in the field. He also published five other monographs as well as nearly 200 papers. The condition known as Aase Smith syndrome is named for Smith and colleague Jon Morton Aase. Smith also co-discovered and lent his name to such conditions as Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome, Marshall-Smith syndrome and others.
Fetal Alcohol Syndrome was named in 1973 by Smith and Dr. Kenneth Lyons Jones, who identified a pattern of "craniofacial, limb, and cardiovascular defects associated with prenatal onset growth deficiency and developmental delay" in eight unrelated children of three ethnic groups, all born to mothers who were alcoholics.
Smith died of cancer in Seattle, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20782793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782793" title="Kerr Whiteside">
Kerr Whiteside

Kerr D. Whiteside (1887 - "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a defender. He played for Manchester United, Irvine Victoria, and Hurst.

</doc>
<doc id="20782800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782800" title="Harold Bolingbroke Mudie">
Harold Bolingbroke Mudie

Harold Bolingbroke Mudie (London, 30 June 1880 – 6 January 1916) was a British esperantist. He served as the first President of the World Esperanto Association.
He learnt Esperanto in 1902, having read about it on the "Review of Reviews". In November 1903 he founded the gazette "The Esperantist", thanks to a financial guarantee by William Thomas Stead; nevertheless, the magazine proved profitable. When the magazine was united with "The British Esperantist", in January 1906, he joined its editorial committee. He was a strong supporter of the work to publish the New Testament in Esperanto.
He was an advocate for the promotion of Esperanto in other countries, several of which he visited during Universal Esperanto Congresses.
He first served as vice-president, then as president (from 1912 to 1916) of the Esperanto Association of Britain. In 1908 he became president of the newly founded World Esperanto Association. Eduard Stettler nominated him "president since his birth", because of his great rhetorical ability. He was a member of the Lingva Komitato, the precursor to the current Academy of Esperanto.
After the beginning of the first World War, he joined the army and rapidly became captain. In January 1916 he died in a car accident in France. A new president of the World Esperanto Association was not appointed until 1919--the previous vice-president, Hector Hodler.

</doc>
<doc id="20782813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782813" title="John Compton (organ builder)">
John Compton (organ builder)

John Compton (1876 - 1957), born in Newton Burgoland, Leicestershire was a pipe organ builder. His business based in Nottingham and London flourished between 1902 and 1965.
Life.
John Compton was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham and then studied as an apprentice with Halmshaw & Sons in Birmingham. In 1898 he joined Brindley and Foster in Sheffield. Then he joined Charles Lloyd in Nottingham.
He first set up a business in 1902 in Nottingham with James Frederick Musson, as Musson & Compton; the partnership dissolved in 1904. In 1919, the business moved to workshops at Turnham Green Terrace, Chiswick, London, which had been vacated by August Gern. He occupied a new factory at Chase Road, Park Royal, North Acton, London in 1930.
Compton worked primarily on electric-action pipe organs and electronic organs. Compton's first electronic instrument was the Melotone (a solo voice added to theatre organs); next came the Theatrone. The Electrone, an electrostatic tonewheel instrument introduced in 1938, evolved out of research by Leslie Bourn, an association begun in the 1920s. Throughout his organ-building career, John Compton was assisted by the very capable and inventive James Isaac Taylor. The company were awarded many original patents in things ranging from simple organ mechanisms to the most complex, state of the art electronic and electrical inventions.
On 13 June 1940 Compton was arrested while on holiday in Italy. He was interned as an enemy alien but spent much of his time restoring pipe organs, before he was permitted to return to England.
Compton died in 1957, and the business continued under the direction of his right hand man, James I Taylor. Taylor died the year after in 1958, and the business was wound up around 1965. The pipe organ department was sold to Rushworth and Dreaper; the electronic department became Makin Organs.
Compton organs.
Compton cinema organs, built by the John Compton Organ Company of Acton, were the most prevalent of theatre organs in the UK; 261 were installed in cinemas and theatres in the British Isles. Comptons made many fine church and concert organs as well. Their cinema organs employed state of the art technology and engineering and many are still in existence today. One of the most notable is the large 5 manual example at the Odeon Cinema Leicester Square in central London.

</doc>
<doc id="20782819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782819" title="Steven Kinniburgh">
Steven Kinniburgh

Steven Steel Kinniburgh (born 13 June 1989) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Kettering Town.
Career.
Born in Glasgow, Kinniburgh began his career with Rangers, and in December 2008 he joined Queen of the South on loan for two months. He made his debut against Livingston on 20 December. He then joined St. Johnstone on loan in March 2009, until the end of the season. 
In August 2009, he joined Oxford United on loan along with fellow Rangers reserve player Ross Perry. He returned to Rangers early, on 4 December, after picking up a knee injury that would rule him out until February. Kinniburgh was then released by Rangers at the end of the season. A couple of days later, he signed for Oxford United on a permanent basis.
On 5 August 2011, Kinniburgh joined Cambridge United on loan. He returned to his parent club after the loan ended, but on 27 January 2012, it was announced that his contract with Oxford would be cancelled by mutual agreement. 
Kinniburgh then joined AFC Telford United on 16 March 2012. On 17 August 2012, he signed for Bedford Town.
On 6 June 2013, Kinniburgh moved to Kettering Town.
Personal life.
He is the younger brother of fellow footballer William Kinniburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="20782827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782827" title="Corey McPherrin">
Corey McPherrin

Corey B. McPherrin (born March 10, 1955), known professionally as Corey McPherrin, is the morning news anchor for WFLD-TV in Chicago.
Biography.
Early life and education.
A native of Markham, Illinois, McPherrin graduated from Hillcrest High School in Country Club Hills, Illinois. He then earned a bachelor's degree in radio and television from Butler University in Indianapolis, where he was president of Butler's chapter of the Sigma Chi fraternity and where he participated on the school's swim team and worked on Butler's radio station, WAJC.
Professional career.
McPherrin began his broadcasting career in 1977 at a television station in Davenport, Iowa, and then worked for TV stations in Quincy, Illinois, New Orleans, Denver and Atlanta.
In 1984, McPherrin joined WABC-TV in New York City and became WABC's top sports anchor in 1986. McPherrin was on hand for the epic 16 inning long sixth game of the 1986 National League Championship Series between the New York Mets and Houston Astros (which was broadcast on ABC). Although the Astros wound up being eliminated following their 7-6 lost to the Mets in Game 6, Astros' ace pitcher Mike Scott was still named the NLCS' Most Valuable Player. McPherrin interviewed Scott following the trophy presentation. 
During the late 1980s, McPherrin delivered in-game updates during ABC's "Monday Night Baseball" and "Thursday Night Baseball" broadcasts.
During the first season of "ESPN Sunday Night Football" (1987), the very first game of the package, between the New York Giants and New England Patriots, had WABC (the American Broadcasting Company's flagship station out of New York City) produce a completely separate telecast from ESPN's (rather than an over-the-air station simply simulcasting ESPN's broadcast in the competing teams' home markets). The reason behind this was that WABC's union contract at the time, prohibited non-union workers, such as those at ESPN, from producing live events for WABC. As such, McPherrin would provide play-by-play while "Monday Night Football's" Frank Gifford and Lynn Swann would serve as his color commentators.
In 1991, McPherrin joined WBBM-TV in Chicago as the station's main sports anchor. He remained in that role until 1995, when he was bumped from being WBBM's lead sports anchor by the arrival of Tim Weigel. McPherrin then chose to leave WBBM-TV and join WFLD-TV in Chicago as its lead sports anchor. In July 2010, it was announced that McPherrin had been promoted to host "Good Day Chicago" weekdays from (7 a.m-10 a.m.).
Personal.
McPherrin and his wife, Sally, have two children, Jack and Margaret. They live in the Lake View neighborhood on Chicago's North Side.

</doc>
<doc id="20782832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782832" title="Zhuzilin Depot">
Zhuzilin Depot

Zhuzilin Depot () is the depot of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line It is located at the south] of Shennan Dadao () and east of Qiaochengdong Road () in Futian District, Shenzhen, China. It acts as operations control centre of Luobao Line and Shekou Line, and maintenance workshop of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It has one track to connect to nearby Zhuzilin Station ().

</doc>
<doc id="20782839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782839" title="Calendula arvensis">
Calendula arvensis

Calendula arvensis is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name field marigold. It is native to central and southern Europe, and it is known across the globe as an introduced species. It is an annual herb not generally exceeding 15 centimeters in height. The leaves are lance-shaped and borne on petioles from the slender, hairy stem. The inflorescence is a single flower head up to 4 centimeters wide with bright yellow to yellow-orange ray florets around a center of yellow disc florets. The fruit is an achene which can take any of three shapes, including ring-shaped, that facilitate different methods of dispersal.

</doc>
<doc id="20782841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782841" title="Magarini Constituency">
Magarini Constituency

Magarini Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of two constituencies in Malindi District. The constituency has eight wards, all electing councillors for the Malindi County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20782844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782844" title="Prominent inferior labial artery">
Prominent inferior labial artery

Prominent inferior labial artery is characterized by the appearance of a pulsating papule in the lower vermilion, a centimeter of two from the oral comissure, formed by an especially tortuous segment of the inferior labial artery.

</doc>
<doc id="20782849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782849" title="Zoltán Melis">
Zoltán Melis

Zoltán Melis (born September 11, 1947) is a Hungarian rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Pestszenterzsébet.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the Hungarian boat which won the silver medal in the coxless fours event.
Four years later he finished seventh with the Hungarian boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782850" title="New Shores">
New Shores

New Shores is the fourth full-length album by the Swiss band Lunatica. It was released on February 27, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20782852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782852" title="Union Bancaire Privée">
Union Bancaire Privée

Union Bancaire Privée (UBP SA) was founded in 1969 by Edgar de Picciotto. It is one of the most highly capitalized private banks, and a major player in the field of wealth management in Switzerland with over $100 billion of assets under management.
UBP is a full-scale wealth-management bank focused on performance and innovative investment solutions for private and institutional clients. The bank is headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland and has 1,250 employees.
History.
Edgar de Picciotto established the Compagnie de Banque et d’Investissements (CBI) in Geneva on 11 November 1969. CBI acquired TDB-American Express Bank in 1990, which led to the creation of the current entity, Union Bancaire Privée. UBP developed further with the takeover of the Discount Bank and Trust Company in 2002.
In 2011, UBP acquired the Swiss arm of Dutch state-owned ABN Amro Bank, a pure Swiss private bank. The same year, UBP also broadened its operations in Asia by establishing two joint ventures in Hong Kong and Taiwan with TransGlobe. In 2012, UBP acquired Paris-based fund of hedge funds Nexar Capital Group, which has offices in London, Jersey and New York.
In May 2013, UBP announced the acquisition of Lloyds Banking Group’s International Private Banking business.
Corporate affairs.
Private banking.
Union Bancaire Privée has over 300 private wealth managers in different countries and offers various management mandates and types of advice.
Asset management.
UBP is a full-scale asset manager, providing a large range of investment solutions specifically geared towards its institutional clients' needs. The bank offers a wide range of capabilities in asset allocation, equities, bonds, diversification strategies and alternative fund of funds.
Alternative investments.
UBP has been active in the alternative investment industry since the 1970s. Over the years, it has built up a strong hedge fund advisory service and runs several pooled funds and personalized mandates. With the acquisition of Nexar in 2012, UBP demonstrated its "ongoing commitment" to the alternative industry.
In April 2013, UBP announced a partnership with Guggenheim Fund Solutions (GFS), which is specialized in managed accounts within the full spectrum of hedge fund strategies. Together, they launched a new hedge fund platform.
Sales and trading.
UBP services include: advisory, structured products, equity trading and brokerage, equity arbitrage, currency and precious metal trading, forwards and derivatives, treasury management and bond trading. UBP has over 40 specialist traders working with private wealth managers.
Investment philosophy.
Every year, UBP publishes an annual outlook with an overview of macroeconomic events that occurred during the past year and its investment convictions for the year to come.
Financials.
For the 2012 financial year, UBP's balance sheet total reached 18.8 billion (USD 19.9 billion), and the return on shareholder equity was 10.2%. By pursuing a conservative approach to risk-management, UBP has maintained a solid financial base and a strong balance sheet with a high level of liquidity. With a Tier 1 capital ratio above 30% (as at 30 June 2013), UBP is one of the best-capitalized banks in Switzerland.
Settlement with Investment Securities Trustee.
Despite being a victim of Bernard Madoff's fraud, the bank offered in March 2009 to compensate eligible investors 50 percent of the money they initially invested with Madoff.
On 6 December 2010, UBP announced it had reached a settlement with the Trustee when it agreed to pay $500 million. UBP was the first bank to settle Madoff trustee's claim. With this settlement, the Trustee has agreed to discharge his "clawback" claims against UBP, its affiliates and clients.

</doc>
<doc id="20782860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782860" title="Acral arteriolar ectasia">
Acral arteriolar ectasia

Acral arteriolar ectasia is characterized by purple serpiginous ectatic arterioles on the back of the fingers, presenting in the fifth decade of life.

</doc>
<doc id="20782867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782867" title="2003 Continental Cup of Curling">
2003 Continental Cup of Curling

The 2003 Continental Cup of Curling was held at Fort William Gardens in Thunder Bay, Ontario November 27–30. Europe won its first title, 208-179.
Mixed doubles.
North America wins 24-12
Women's team.
Europe wins 24-12
Men's team.
Tie 18-18
Singles.
Europe wins 20-12
Women's skins.
Europe wins 84-46
Men's skins.
North America wins 67-50
Europe wins aggregate 208-179

</doc>
<doc id="20782870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782870" title="Piet Huysentruyt">
Piet Huysentruyt

Piet Huysentruyt (born 7 December 1962) is a Belgian TV chef and the author of five bestselling cooking books.
Biography.
Piet Huytsentruyt, born in 1962, studied at the cooking school Ter Duinen in Koksijde before working in a number of restaurants in Belgium and abroad. He opened his own restaurant in Wortegem-Petegem, and got his first Michelin Guide star a few years later.
He starred in a few TV shows, the most famous being "SOS Piet", which spawned two books. By December 2008, he has sold 250,000 copies of his books "SOS Piet" and "SOS Piet" 2, and his books top the bestseller list in Flanders in December 2008. In December 2009, he appeared in the new film about Kabouter Plop, "Plop en de Kabouterbaby".

</doc>
<doc id="20782880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782880" title="Andrew Laszlo">
Andrew Laszlo

Andrew Laszlo A.S.C. (January 12, 1926 – October 7, 2011) was a Hungarian-American cinematographer best known for his work on the cult film classic "The Warriors". He earned Emmy nominations for "The Man Without a Country" in 1973 and the 1980 TV miniseries "Shōgun" in 1980.
Early Life (1926-1941).
So begins a section of Andrew Laszlo's recount of his early years and speaks modestly of the man who survived unimaginable atrocities during that time and accomplished much in his later life.
He was born László András in 1926 in the vicinity of Pápa, Hungary the town where his family finally settled about the time that Andrew was three years old. Until World War II began to affect life in Hungary, his life was relatively carefree and was spent in relative comfort although the family had to move several times into smaller or bigger quarters depending on the financial circumstances of his father. He was close to his older brother, Alex, with whom he often dreamed up exciting adventures sometimes leading to catastrophy.
Of his many early experiences, one that served as a prelude to later tragedies, was seeing the "Graf Zeppelin" fly over Papa. Inquiring about the symbol painted on the tail of the airship, Andrew's father said that it was a "swastika". That is all he wanted to tell his young son at the time.
Andrew was an avid swimmer and skater during his early school years and became accomplished at fencing in High School. It was also during this time that his interest in photography began and led later to a small business printing photos for his classmates.
In the late 1930s, Andrew's father, Leslie (Hungarian: Laci), was called up to serve in the Hungarian Army. This effectively ruined his business, forcing Andrew to learn the fine art of lampshade manufacture to help support the family. This was a successful undertaking even though Andrew was still a full-time High School student. Then, as for everyone else, World War II turned everything up-side-down.
The War Years (1941-1947).
In June 1941, the Hungarian city of Kassa (today Košice in Slovakia) was "bombed" by air. Although several theories are still debated about the real perpetrators, the Hungarian government used the incident as the reason for declaring war on Russia. From then on, Hungary was irreversibly tied to the Axis powers and Germany/Hitler in particular. Anti-semitism that had been simmering for years now came to the fore in Hungary. In 1944, a part of Papa was turned into a Ghetto and all Jews were forced to move there, including the Laszlo family. In early June, Andrew was forced to join a Labor Camp and was taken there in a railroad cattle car. On June 29, his family (excepting his brother, Alex) was taken from Papa and sent to "Auschwitz". Andrew was then taken to another labor camp in what is now "Romania" and put to work laying railroad track. After one more move to another camp, Andrew received a final postcard from his brother, Alex. 
Following an air raid on the labor camp, Andrew deserted and found his way to Budapest. After a short stay in City Park (Hungarian: Varosliget) he and hundreds of others were herded onto boxcars and sent to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. This was the winter of 1944. Here, he survived for months in an atmosphere of cold, starvation, beatings, outright murder, lice infestation and constant reminders of death. Near his 19th birthday, he spotted his Aunt Alice in the camp. She perished there not much later.
In March 1945, with the pressure on the Germans in Norway increasing, Andrew was shipped to the concentration camp at "Theresienstadt". Here, like thousands of others, he came down with "typhoid fever". It was here that he was reunited with his father, someone he thought of as long dead. Finally, on May 8, 1945, Theresienstadt was liberated by the Russians. As part of returning to humanity, Andrew found a piano at the camp and asked his fellow Hungarian pianist, "George Feyer" to play for the liberators and the liberated.
On his return to Papa, he found the town to be a much different place, including it being run by the Russian Army. Being entrepreneurial, he restarted his photography business with the Russian soldiers being great customers. After taking the final exam, Andrew got his High School diploma and then moved to Budapest where a job at the Hungarian Film Bureau was waiting for him. Unfortunately, this job was not very exciting and paid little. Andrew realized that it would take years for the Hungarian movie business to return to its former self and did not want to wait that long. So, he went back to Papa and began to plan for his immigration to the United States at the urging of his uncle, George Laszlo, who was already living in New York and was willing to sponsor him. He found his way to New York by way of "Ulm", Germany, where he survived by selling American cigarettes (sent to him by Uncle George) to the locals. After a brief but obligatory stop in Frankfurt, Andrew was given the right to enter the United States. He did so on January 17, 1947 by walking down the gangplank of the SS "Ernie Pyle" after it had docked on the west side of Manhattan. He had turned 21 just five days earlier.
Life and Career in the United States (1947-1996).
On arrival, Andrew was taken under the wings of his Uncle, George Laszlo, who was a painter, inventor and lithographer already living in New York City. Andrew quickly adjusted to life in Manhattan. As he stated in his own words for the documentary "Cinematographer Style":
Shortly before his discharge from the "US Army Signal Corps", Andrew married his New York-born sweethart, Ann Granger. Soon, the family grew to three with the arrival of his first son, also named Andrew. With perseverance, he landed a job as a camera operator on "The Phil Silvers Show". This was followed by a number of other TV shows, including "Naked City" where he served as the Director of Photography. With greater opportunities came the necessity to work on locations around the world. Resisting the temptation to move to Hollywood, Andrew settled with his family in the suburbs of New York where three more children (Jim, Jeffrey and Elizabeth) arrived in quick succession. 
Andrew started to work with TV personality Ed Sullivan in 1953 and filmed programs in Portugal, Alaska and Ireland. In 1959, Ed 'kidnapped' Andrew to Havana, Cuba under the pretense that they would be filming a segment in the Dominican Republic. Ed's real goal was to do an interview with "Fidel Castro" who had just overthrown the "Batista" government. Ed, unfortunately, did not realize that the electrical system in Cuba would not support the camera equipment and lighting normally used in the United States. This created enormous technical issues for the crew with the possibility that the equipment could cause a blackout in the entire neighborhood. Somehow, the footage turned out OK if only passably so.
In 1962, Andrew was offered his first feature film, "One Potato, Two Potato", a controversial film about the interracial marriage of a black man and white divorcee. In 1966, he filmed "Francis Ford Coppola's" "You're A Big Boy Now", with "Geraldine Page" receiving an Oscar nomination as Best Supporting Actress. This was followed in 1968 by "The Night They Raided Minsky's", a big-budget musical marred by the mid-production death of "Bert Lahr".
On August 15, 1965, "The Beatles" were scheduled to give a concert at "Shea Stadium" in New York City. Andrew took on this "Ed Sullivan" production with trepidation and excitement since it would be the first extremely large rock concert to be filmed for television. Even with careful preparation, the film crew was not prepared for the piercing screams of an audience made up of 56,000 teenagers. The sound system was completely overwhelmed, making it necessary to dub much of the song tracks in postproduction. Nevertheless, and using 14 cameras scattered through the place, the crew managed to film not just the Beatles but much of the audience in the stands and the security detail that was hoping that a major stampede would not break out. When all was said and done, the crew had recorded over 200,000 feet of film of which only 10,800 made it into the finished documentary. As a long-lasting effect, Andrew's hearing was never to be normal again.
In 1979, he filmed the "Walter Hill" cult film "The Warriors". This movie gave Andrew the opportunity to devise several cinematic techniques, including the innovative lighting used for subway car interior shots. Musing in his 2000 book "Every Frame a Rembrandt," he says:
Movie buffs may get the chance to see if Andrew was right, when the remake of The Warriors comes out sometime in 2012.
Returning to television, Andrew was the cinematographer on the 1980 five-part NBC miniseries "Shōgun" starring "Richard Chamberlain". Filmed entirely on location in Japan, the production had many difficulties including the challenge of conversation with and direction to actors and extras who spoke no English. An unfortunate but funny anecdote often retold by Andrew was the premature kickoff of a fierce action sequence in Osaka harbor including guns blazing, extras jumping into the water, bombs exploding and boats sinking everywhere. Unfortunately, the cameras were not rolling. The whole scene had to be reshot at great cost of time and money. The details of this incident are recalled in Adrew's book "It's a Wrap."
His last feature film "Newsies", filmed in 1991, was about a newspaper delivery-boy's strike that took place in 1899. The film starred "Christian Bale" and "Robert Duvall". Although the movie was a box-office flop, it gained a cult following and was turned into a stage musical at the "Paper Mill Playhouse" in New Jersey. It will move to Broadway for a limited run from March to June, 2012.
With Newsies in the can, Andrew decide that it was time to change his focus from TV and film production to teaching, fly-fishing, and woodworking.
The Later Years (1996-2011).
With the movie business behind him, Andrew spent his time giving lectures to film students throughout the United States. This gave him the opportunity to write two books about the art and science of cinematography. With a knack for storytelling and a great imagination, Andrew wrote and published several works of fiction. The Rat Catcher was published in 2004. A Fight of No Consequence appeared in 2006 and concerns an ex-fighter trying for a comeback. His experiences in Japan while filming Shogun, let to the writing of the fictional book Banjin" When not lecturing or writing, Andrew used his time on various wood- and metal-working projects. When visiting his ranch in Montana, he often took advantage of the first-class fly-fishing streams and rivers in the area. Above all else, he enjoyed spending time with his wife, children and grandchildren. After a sudden illness diagnosed mid-year, he died at his home on October 7, 2011 in Montana, age 85.
Feature Motion Pictures.
"Note: In some cases the Year represents the date of creation, not release."
Television Programs.
"Note: In some cases the Year represents the date of production, not airing."

</doc>
<doc id="20782881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782881" title="USS PC-496">
USS PC-496

USS "PC-496" was a built for the United States Navy during World War II. She sank on 4 June 1943 in the Mediterranean. Although the cause was speculated as a naval mine at the time of her sinking, it was later revealed that "PC-496" had been sunk by an Italian submarine.
Career.
"PC-496" was built by Leathem D. Smith Coal and Shipbuilding Co. in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, being laid down on 24 April 1941. She was launched on 22 November 1941 and commissioned on 26 February 1942 at New Orleans, Louisiana. She was assigned to the European Theater of Operations where she was destroyed by an Italian torpedo off the coast of Bizerte, Tunisia, on 4 June 1943.
Service.
After "PC-496" was built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, she traversed the Mississippi River to New Orleans where she received her commission and captain, Lieutenant James S. Dowdell, USNR. "PC-496" underwent a brief training period at the Subchaser Training Center in Miami, Florida, before she was reassigned to convoy duties running out of Norfolk, Virginia. Her area of operation expanded to include escorting oil tankers between New York City and Guantanamo Bay, Cuba where British Royal Navy frigates would escort them the rest of the way to Recife, Brazil.
"PC-496" continued escorting convoys until she was tasked with escorting a convoy of LCIs to North Africa in April 1943. Upon arriving in North Africa she first made port in Beni Saf, Algeria, before moving east to Mers-el-Kebir and then to Arzew. "PC-496" set out from Arzew towards Bizerte, but she never made it. On 4 June 1943, eight miles from Bizerte, a massive explosion ripped through the hull of "PC-496" and she foundered in under a minute. Five members of the crew were killed in the explosion and subsequent foundering of the ship. The surviving crew members were rescued by allied ships in the area and transported to the American-occupied French naval base at La Pecherie, at Lake Bizerte, Tunisia.
Aftermath.
The Navy reported that the cause of "PC-496"s foundering was due to underwater explosions or a single blast. The surviving crewmen remember it as a single explosion and believed it to most likely have been caused by an underwater mine. However, several years later, Second Class Yeoman Carter Barber, who had been on board "PC-496" at the time, learned that the explosion was caused by a torpedo fired from an Italian submarine, the commander of which had mistaken "PC-496" for a destroyer. The commander of the Italian submarine was later court-martialed for wasting a torpedo on such a small ship.

</doc>
<doc id="20782885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782885" title="József Csermely">
József Csermely

József Csermely (born January 3, 1945) is a Hungarian rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kunhegyes.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the Hungarian boat which won the silver medal in the coxless fours event.
Four years later he was eliminated with the Hungarian boat in the repechage of the coxless fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20782894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782894" title="Harold (horse)">
Harold (horse)

Harold (foaled 1876 in Pennsylvania) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
Harold was a chestnut horse bred by Aristides Welch who owned both his sire and his dam. Sired by Leamington, a four-time Leading sire in North America, he was out of the mare, Maggie B. B. who produced two other Classic winners: Iroquois, a full brother to Harold who became the first American-bred horse to ever win England's renowned Epsom Derby, plus the colt Panique by Alarm who won the 1884 Belmont Stakes.
Harold was acquired by the prominent New York stable owner, George L. Lorillard. He entrusted his race conditioning to future U.S. racing Hall of Fame trainer R. W. Walden who would call Harold the best horse he had ever trained
Racing career.
Racing at age two, Harold won important races in 1878 and is regarded historically as the American Champion Two-Year-Old Male Horse. At age three, he won the Preakness Stakes, but in the ensuing Withers Stakes he suffered a ruptured blood vessel from which he never fully recovered and won only one more race before being retired to stud.
Stud record.
Harold died after serving just one full season at stud.

</doc>
<doc id="20782899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782899" title="Lymphangioma circumscriptum">
Lymphangioma circumscriptum

Superficial lymphatic malformation (also known as "Lymphangioma circumscriptum") is a congenital malformation of the superficial lymphatics, presenting as groups of deep-seated, vesicle-like papules resembling frog spawn, at birth or shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="20782903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782903" title="K. R. Ramasamy">
K. R. Ramasamy

K. R. Ramasamy () is an Indian politician, social worker, and former Member of the Legislative Assembly. He was elected for five consecutive terms to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Indian National Congress and Tamil Maanila Congress (Moopanar) candidate from Tiruvadanai (State Assembly Constituency) in the 1989, 1991, 1996, 2001 and 2006 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20782923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782923" title="Rees Thomas">
Rees Thomas

Rees Thomas (1882–14 June 1926) was a Welsh international rugby union back row player who was utilised usually as a flanker or Number 8. Thomas played club rugby for Pontypool and county rugby for Monmouthshire. He won eight caps for Wales and played between 1909 and 1913, representing Wales during two Triple Crown winning seasons.
Rugby career.
Thomas was first selected to play for Wales in a friendly game against France in 1909 as a prop forward. He was reslected for the very next game which was against Ireland in the final match of the 1909 Home Nations Championship. The win over Ireland sealed a perfect tournament for Wales and made Thomas a Triple Crown tournament winner in his first competitive game. Thomas was not called upon for the 1910 Championship, but was back in the Wales team for the 1911 tournament. It was during the 1911 competition that Thomas scored his only points for Wales when he scored a try in the game against Scotland. A record eight tries were scored against Scotland by Wales, and Thomas was the only person not playing for Cardiff to score for the Welsh team in that game. Wales won all four of the games of the 1911 Championship giving Thomas his second Triple Crown win. Thomas played in two games of the 1912 Championship, both under the captaincy of Dicky Owen. The first was a loss to England at Twickenham, followed by a more convincing display and a win at St Helen's over Scotland.
At the end of 1912, Thomas was selected to represent Monmouthshire against the touring South African team. Thomas was one of three capped players in the Monmouthshire team, the others were Newport's Reg Plummer and Abertillery's Jim Webb. Although the South African's won 16–0, Thomas was chosen to play for Wales when they faced the same touring South African team. Wales lost to the South Africans at Cardiff Arms Park, their first defeat in Cardiff since 1899. This was followed by a defeat to England on the same pitch a month later, which was Thomas last game for his country, and was seen as the end of the First Golden Age of Welsh rugby.
International matches.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20782927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782927" title="Kevin Sheppard">
Kevin Sheppard

Kevin Sheppard (born 17 September 1979 in St Croix) is a United States Virgin Islands basketball player and former football striker. He became the subject of the documentary The Iran Job which covers his 2008-2009 season with the A.S. Shiraz team in Iran.
Soccer career.
Sheppard played soccer as well as basketball at Jacksonville University. He made his debut for the United States Virgin Islands in an August 2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup qualification match against the Dominican Republic and also played in the return game. He scored a goal in both games to become his country's all-time leading goalscorer.
Basketball.
Sheppard chose to pursue a professional career in basketball and played in Venezuela, Israel, Argentina, the USA, and Puerto Rico before joining Iranian team Azad University in Tehran. Sheppard is the subject of a documentary, "The Iran Job", which covers his 2008-2009 season with the A.S. Shiraz team in Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="20782943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782943" title="György Sarlós">
György Sarlós

György Sarlós (born July 29, 1940) is a Hungarian rower who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budakeszi.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Hungarian boat which was eliminated in the repechage of the coxless fours event.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the Hungarian boat in the coxless fours competition.
At the 1972 Games he and his partner László Balogh were eliminated in the repechage of the coxless pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20782951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782951" title="Vertigo modesta">
Vertigo modesta

Vertigo modesta, common name the cross vertigo, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20782956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782956" title="1963 Navy Midshipmen football team">
1963 Navy Midshipmen football team

The 1963 Navy Midshipmen football team represented the United States Naval Academy in the 1963 college football season. The Midshipmen were led by head coach Wayne Hardin in his fifth year, finished the year with an overall record of nine wins and two losses and with a loss against Texas in the Cotton Bowl Classic.
Quarterback Roger Staubach won the Heisman Trophy and the Maxwell Award while leading the Midshipmen to a 9–1 regular season record and a final ranking of #2 in the nation. He led Navy to victory over their annual rivalry with Notre Dame, which would be the Midshipmen's last win over Notre Dame until 2007. In the Crab Bowl Classic, Navy defeated Maryland by a score of 42–7. #2 Navy accepted an invitation to play in the 1964 Cotton Bowl Classic versus #1 Texas, only the second #1 versus #2 bowl game in college football history.

</doc>
<doc id="20782959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782959" title="Antal Melis">
Antal Melis

Antal Melis (born May 12, 1946) is a Hungarian rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budapest.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the Hungarian boat which won the silver medal in the coxless fours event.
Four years later he was eliminated with the Hungarian boat in the repechage of the coxless fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20782971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782971" title="Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2002">
Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2002

The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2002 was the seventeenth Meeting of the Heads of Government of the Commonwealth of Nations. It was held in Coolum, Queensland, between 2 and 5 March 2002, and hosted by Prime Minister John Howard.
Planned to have been hosted in Brisbane on 6 October 2001, the CHOGM was postponed only nine days before it was due to be held, on account of the 11 September terrorist attacks on the United States. When the meeting was finally held, three issues loomed large on the agenda: security, the future of the Commonwealth, and (most prominently) Zimbabwe's upcoming presidential election.
The meeting was attended by representatives of 51 countries out of the Commonwealth's 54 members (suspended member Pakistan was not invited, whilst Antigua and Barbuda and Grenada sent no representatives). Of those, 35 were represented by their head of state or head of government.
Security.
Originally slated to be hosted in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory the plan was changed so it would be held in Brisbane on 6 October 2001, making it two years since the previous meeting. However, on 28 September, in the wake of the 11 September terrorist attacks, it was postponed, to allow for improved security. Instead of the October summit, the Heads of Government issued a statement on terrorism and established the Commonwealth Committee on Terrorism, which met on 29 January 2002, reported in March, and recommended annual reviews of the Commonwealth's counter-terrorism strategy.
The postponement dealt a big blow to the Commonwealth, both in piling up costs on an already over-stretched budget and undermining the celebration and promotion of Commonwealth culture and values to Australia that the Heads of Government had hoped the CHOGM would be. The postponement ultimately raised questions of how credible and practical the CHOGM, and thus the present Commonwealth, could be. However, the civil society celebration went on as planned, except without the Heads of Government and media presence, and were deemed to be a great success, despite the surreal circumstances.
The CHOGM itself was highly security-conscious, due to the concerns raised by the attacks. The hotel compound was ringed by an electric fence, whilst the media representatives were transported by coach between venues. Security, originally budgeted at A$11.4m, was ramped up to include 4,000 Queensland Police, 2,000 Australian Defence Force, and over 100 Federal Police personnel. This, combined with the presence of only 30 accredited NGO representatives, gave the entire CHOGM the feel of a 'retreat without a retreat', rather than accessible conference.
Zimbabwe.
At the CHOGM, the Commonwealth made final arrangements for its election observer mission to Zimbabwe, which would consist of 42 observers and 19 staff from 26 countries.<ref name="Commonwealth Update Apr/2002" /> With the earlier withdrawal of the European Union's observers, the Commonwealth's delegation was to be the only fully international group judging the election's fairness.<ref name="Commonwealth Update Apr/2002" /> The CHOGM gave the 'troika' of Chairperson-in-Office John Howard, Thabo Mbeki, and Olusegun Obasanjo a mandate to assess whether the report of the observers met the Harare Declaration, and (if it didn't) the punishment under the Millbrook Programme. The observers' initial report was received by the troika on 14 March, and explicitly stated that 'conditions in Zimbabwe did not adequately allow for free expression of will by the electors'. In response, the troika, announced on 19 March 2002 that Zimbabwe was to be suspended from the Commonwealth immediately.<ref name="Commonwealth Update Apr/2002" />
Two other countries that had been suspended were deemed to have shown progress. Fiji's suspension had been lifted by the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group (CMAG) on 20 December 2001, allowing Fiji to take part in the CHOGM. Nevertheless, it would stay on the CMAG's agenda until Laisenia Qarase's government had been ruled constitutional by the Supreme Court.<ref name="Commonwealth Update Apr/2002" /> Even though Pakistan's suspension was not lifted in time for the CHOGM, the CMAG meeting on 30 January accepted Pervez Musharraf's plans for the elections in October, and recommended that the Commonwealth should send observers, with a view to lifting the suspension if the election was free of fraud or intimidation.<ref name="Commonwealth Update Apr/2002" />

</doc>
<doc id="20782984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782984" title="Calochortus amabilis">
Calochortus amabilis

Calochortus amabilis is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common name Diogenes' lantern. It is endemic to northern California, where it grows in the mountains north of the San Francisco Bay Area. In oak woodlands, common understory plant associates are "Calochortus luteus", "Clarkia unguiculata" and "Delphinium variegatum". It is a common member of the scrub and woodland flora there. This is a perennial herb producing an upright, somewhat waxy branching stem to heights between 10 and 50 centimeters. The leaf at the base of the stem is flat, waxy, and narrow in shape, reaching up to 50 centimeters long and not withering away at flowering. The inflorescence bears two or more heavily nodding flowers, each with spreading pointed yellow sepals and brown-speckled yellow petals. The inside of the petals is waxy and coated in small hairs. The fruit is a winged capsule up to three centimeters long containing dark brown seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20782985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782985" title="1970 Texas Longhorns football team">
1970 Texas Longhorns football team

The 1970 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 1970 college football season. The Longhorns shared the National Championship with Nebraska. Their third National Championship overall, the previous titles were won in 1963 and 1969.
Schedule.
The 1970 Longhorns finished the regular season with an unblemished 10–0 record to run their winning streak to 30 games, and met Notre Dame once again in the Cotton Bowl Classic at the Cotton Bowl in Fair Park. This time the #6 Fighting Irish won, 24–11, denying #1 Texas a third straight Cotton Bowl Classic victory and second straight consensus national championship. However, Texas had still earlier won the 1970 UPI (Coaches) National Championship.
Later that New Year's Day, #2 Ohio State lost 27–17 to #12 Stanford in the Rose Bowl. That night, third-ranked Nebraska defeated #5 17–12 in the Orange Bowl to give the 11–0–1 Huskers the post-bowl AP national championship. Through the 1973 season, the final UPI coaches poll was released in early December, after the regular season but before the bowl games.
1970 team players in the NFL.
The following 1970 Texas Longhorns were selected in the 1971 NFL Draft:

</doc>
<doc id="20782993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782993" title="University of Florida Center for Latin American Studies">
University of Florida Center for Latin American Studies

The University of Florida Center for Latin American Studies is one of the largest centers in the United States for the study of Latin American, Caribbean, and Latino Studies. Specialized degrees are offered in a wide range of subjects including the anthropology, history, sociology, politics, geography, and languages of the region.
Mission.
The Mission of this center is to increase knowledge about Latin America and the Caribbean, and the culture of peoples throughout the Hemisphere. In addition, the Center has been charged to enhance the quality of research and the overall scope of teaching & outreach in Latin America and the Caribbean.
History of the Center.
The Center was first created as the Institute for Inter-American Affairs by the former University of Florida President John J. Tigert in 1931. After previously serving as the United States Commissioner of Education he realized the interest in foreign affairs in the nation’s political, commercial, and academic circles. He believed it was a necessity for the University of Florida to fill this mission due to its geographical proximity to the Caribbean and South America.
In 1951 the Center changed its name to the School of Inter-American Studies in order to coordinate degree programs with a Latin American emphasis. In 1952 the first Doctorate of Philosophy was offered in Latin American Studies, and in 1961 the school received a large grant from the Rockefeller Foundation, so that a Caribbean Research Program could be facilitated. In the Fall of 1963, the School of Inter-American Studies was officially renamed the Center for Latin American Studies.
Library.
The University of Florida Latin American Collection has over 400,000 volumes and 1,100 serial titles. The collection covers all disciplines & geographical areas of Latin America (with particular emphasis on the Caribbean and Brazil). The Center currently has the sixth largest Latin American collection in the United States. In addition the Center also has the largest Caribbean collection in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20782996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20782996" title="1977 Stanford Cardinals football team">
1977 Stanford Cardinals football team

The 1977 Stanford Cardinals football team represented Stanford University during the 1977 college football season. Bill Walsh served his first season as Stanford's head coach. The Cardinals were led by senior quarterback Guy Benjamin, who won the Sammy Baugh Trophy, awarded to the best passer in college football; senior receiver James Lofton, who caught 57 passes for 1,010 yards and 14 TDs and was named an AP and NEA Second Team All-American; junior linebacker Gordy Ceresino, and freshman running back Darrin Nelson.
Stanford ended its season with a 9–3 record, good enough for second place in the Pac-8, and went on to defeat LSU in the Sun Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="20783002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783002" title="Paul Williams (bishop)">
Paul Williams (bishop)

Paul Gavin Williams (born 16 January 1968) is the Bishop of Kensington.
Paul was educated at Court Fields Community School, Wellington, Richard Huish College, Taunton and Grey College, Durham. After studying at Wycliffe Hall, Oxford, he was ordained in 1992. His ordained ministry began with curacies at St James and St Matthew's Muswell Hill and Christ Church, Clifton, after which he was rector of St James' Gerrards Cross, a position he held until his ordination to the episcopate in 2009.
Paul was consecrated on 25 March 2009 at St Paul's Cathedral by Rowan Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="20783009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783009" title="Jim Jonsin production discography">
Jim Jonsin production discography

The following list is a discography of production by Jim Jonsin, an American hip hop, pop and R&B music producer from South Florida. It includes a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by year, artist, album and title.

</doc>
<doc id="20783015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783015" title="Malindi Constituency">
Malindi Constituency

Malindi Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of two constituencies in Malindi District.

</doc>
<doc id="20783037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783037" title="Mark Stephenson">
Mark Stephenson

Mark Stephenson (born 1976) is an English darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events. He was formerly an official, working as a marker.
Career.
Stephenson fell one game short of qualifying for the 2007 PDC World Darts Championship, losing to Alan Tabern. He then fell two rounds short in qualifying for the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship, losing to Kirk Shepherd who eventually qualified and went on to reach the final. Stephenson finally qualified for the World Championship at the third time of asking, beating Jason Clark, Gary Welding and then Ray Farrell to earn one of the eight qualifying spots. He faced five-time world champion and the number 2 seed Raymond van Barneveld in the first round, losing 3 sets to nil.

</doc>
<doc id="20783039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783039" title="Polish–Georgian alliance">
Polish–Georgian alliance

The Polish–Georgian alliance was a short-lived alliance (1920–1921) between the Second Polish Republic and the Democratic Republic of Georgia.
History.
Georgia had gained its independence following the 1917 Russian Revolution; Poland, a year later, following World War I. Both countries had a history of problematic relations with their Russian neighbor. Polish leader Józef Piłsudski wanted to create a large East-European "Międzymorze" federation for common defense. He saw Georgia as a possible candidate for such an alliance.
Plans for a Polish diplomatic mission to the Caucasus, to the new countries of Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan, had been laid as early as April 1918 but began to be realized only in March 1920. By that time, a Polish brigade ("Polska Oddzielna Brygada") had been formed of the Polish soldiers of the Russian army serving in the Caucasus. This brigade played an important role in keeping order at Tiflis, capital of the nascent Georgian republic. The brigade was disbanded under the German pressure in June 1918. Most of its personnel joined the Polish 4th Rifle Division of General Lucjan Żeligowski in Odessa and then returned to Poland.
In 1920, Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs Stanisław Patek sent a message to Georgia, proposing an exchange of diplomatic representatives and improved relations. The Georgians, threatened by Russian revolutionary factions and by Turkey, enthusiastically accepted the proposal. Soon after, Polish Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Tytus Filipowicz visited Tbilisi with a diplomatic mission.
Plans for a Polish-Georgian military alliance were drafted to have included Polish aid (equipment and munitions) for the Georgian military. Before the treaty was ratified, the Red Army invaded Georgia. Deputy Minister Filipowicz (who had been named to be Polish ambassador to Georgia) was arrested in Baku, Azerbaijan, when the Red Army invaded that country about the same time. Polish personnel in Georgia, led by Wiktor Białobrzeski, managed to create a provisional consular office before Georgia was annexed by the Soviet Union in 1921.
Aftermath.
After the Soviet invasion of Georgia, the good Polish-Georgian relations resulted in large-scale Georgian emigration to Poland. Among the Georgians who moved to Poland, were parents of general John Shalikashvili (the general himself was born in Warsaw). Poland aided Georgian pro-independence activists for many years. Several Georgian officers were enlisted in the Polish Army in the interbellum, with such names as Zakaria Bakradze, Alexandre Chkheidze, Ivane Kazbegi, Viktor Lomidze and Valerian Tevzadze. All Georgian officers were sharing the privileges of the military and enjoyed a good relationship with their Polish fellow officers.

</doc>
<doc id="20783044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783044" title="1951 USC Trojans football team">
1951 USC Trojans football team

The 1951 USC Trojans football team represented the University of Southern California in the 1951 college football season. 
Schedule.
The Trojans finished the regular season with a 9-1 record.
1951 team players in the NFL.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20783047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783047" title="Borderliners">
Borderliners

Borderliners is the English translation of "De måske egnede", a novel written by Danish author Peter Høeg in 1993. It is about three children, Peter, Katerina and August who attend a private school in Copenhagen in the mid 1970s. It is not long before the children realise they are part of an experiment initiated by the school. The objective is to show how damaged children can be saved and converted into fine citizens. The children choose to fight the experiment. 
Peter is a student at Biehl's after spending all of his life in children's homes and reform schools. He is a borderline case, along with Katarina, whose parents both died in the past year, and August, severely disturbed after killing his abusive parents. Although allowed no social interaction, the children conspire to conduct their own experiment to discover what plan is being carried out at Biehl's. Hoeg touches on some of the same themes as in his acclaimed Smilla's Sense of Snow (LJ 8/93) - neglected children, scientific experiments, and technology - but this is not a thriller and may not appeal to the same audience. It is instead a fascinating intellectual puzzle that explores the themes of social control, child assessment, family, and the concept of time. 
The book is also somewhat autobiographical as it reflects Peter Høeg's own schooldays at a Copenhagen private school.

</doc>
<doc id="20783057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783057" title="Gandhi Nagar">
Gandhi Nagar

Gandhi Nagar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20783063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783063" title="Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust">
Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust

Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust is an acute hospital Trust which operates Fairfield General Hospital, Bury, North Manchester General Hospital, the Royal Oldham Hospital and Rochdale Infirmary, in Greater Manchester. It is the largest non-teaching Trust in England.
Not to be confused with Pennine Care NHS Foundation Trust also based in Greater Manchester.
Dr Fairfield, the Chief Executive of Northumberland, Tyne and Wear NHS Foundation Trust is moving in 2014 to the Trust on the retirement of John Saxby. 

</doc>
<doc id="20783066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783066" title="Calochortus amoenus">
Calochortus amoenus

Calochortus amoenus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is commonly known as purple fairy-lantern. It is endemic to the slopes of the Sierra Nevada foothills of central California. 
Description.
This is a perennial herb producing a branching stem to heights between 20 and 50 centimeters. The leaf at the base of the stem is narrow in shape, reaching up to 50 centimeters long and not withering away at flowering. There are two or three smaller leaves along the stem. 
The inflorescence bears two or more nodding flowers, each with its petals curved closed into a spherical shape. Each flower has rose-colored sepals and petals, the petals fringed and lined with long, pink whiskery hairs. The fruit is a winged capsule 2 or 3 centimeters long containing dark brown seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20783079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783079" title="Fantasy Sports Writers Association">
Fantasy Sports Writers Association

The Fantasy Sports Writers Association (FSWA) is an organization that represents journalists in the United States who cover fantasy sports. It was founded in 2004. This includes those who cover fantasy football, baseball, basketball, hockey, and golf, as well as other fantasy contests. According to its website, the organization's mission is to "be a voice for writers in the arena of fantasy sports. Moreover, the organization, through its executive staff and board of directors, will strive to promote and acknowledge the hard work and dedication shown by fantasy sports writers throughout the industry." Mike Beacom serves as the President of the FSWA.
History.
The FSWA was founded in 2004 by Ryan Houston (president), Emil Kadlec (vice president), Bob Harris (secretary) and Kirk Bouyelas (treasurer), to serve as a community for working fantasy sports writers. One of the primary reasons for forming was to give writers an opportunity to network with other writers and find work, and to create a legitimate annual awards process. Mike Beacom joined the Executive Committee a few months later to serve as chairman. In 2006, Bouyelas replaced Houston as president; two years later, in January 2008, Beacom replaced Bouyelas.
Leadership.
The FSWA's current leadership includes Beacom (president), Kadlec (vice president), Tony Holm (chairman), Jeff Boggis (secreatry) and Perry Missner (treasurer). Harris and Matthew Berry serve as advisors. The Executive Committee's primary function is to serve the group's 400+ members, coordinate member events, and to help young industry writers advance their careers.
The FSWA Board of Directors consists of 15 industry leaders. No more than one person per company can serve on the Board. The Board's primary function is to provide the Executive Committee with ideas and assist in advancing the mission of the FSWA. The current FSWA Board of Directors consists of: Pierre Becquey (ESPN, Ryan Bonini (KFFL), Scott Engel (RotoExperts), Michael Fabiano (NFL.com), Paul Forrester (Sprts Illustrated), Brandon Funston (Yahoo!), John T. Georgopoulos (Sports Grumblings), Kelly Grogan, Mike Harmon (FOX), Peter Madden (CBS), Lenny Pappano (Draft Sharks), Brad Pinkerton (The Sporting News), Peter Schoenke (RotoWire), Ron Shandler (Baseball HQ) and Brett Vandermark (RotoWorld).
Writing Awards.
The Fantasy Sports Writers Association seeks to recognize writers in the field, has been providing awards since 2004 to honor the industry's best writers. The awards are typically presented each January at a meeting of the organization in Las Vegas. Many of the winners come from sites and publications dedicated to fantasy sports, such as DraftSharks and RotoWire, while others come from general-purpose sports entities such as The Sporting News, Yahoo! Sports, ESPN, and others. Some winners, such as Daniel Dobish of RotoExperts, are full-time fantasy sports writers; some, such as Brad Evans of Yahoo! Sports, are general sports writers who cover fantasy in part; and others, such as Jesse Siegel of RotoWire, hold full-time jobs in unrelated professions and write about fantasy sports as a side activity.
The following tables provide past award winners:
Hall of Fame.
In 2010, the FSWA established a Hall of Fame to honor fantasy sports writers, publishers, and editors "who possess a distinguished body of work and/or those who have helped to advance the careers of others in the fantasy sports industry." 
The classes of writers inducted into the Hall of Fame are below.

</doc>
<doc id="20783082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783082" title="Geoffrey Colvin">
Geoffrey Colvin

Geoffrey Colvin is the author of "Talent is Overrated: What Really Separates World-Class Performers from Everybody Else" (ISBN 9781591842248), co-author of "Angel Customers and Demon Customers" (ISBN 9781591840077), and a Senior Editor at Large for Fortune Magazine.
Education.
Colvin obtained a degree in economics from Harvard, and received his MBA from NYU.
"Talent is Overrated".
The thesis of "Talent is Overrated" is that the greatest achievers succeed through endless "deliberate practice." Colvin characterizes it as "Hitting an eight-iron 300 times with a goal of leaving the ball within 20 feet of the pin 80 percent of the time, continually observing results and making appropriate adjustments, and doing that for hours every day - that's deliberate practice.".
With Karen Gibbs, Colvin was co-anchor of Wall $treet Week with Fortune on PBS for three years, successor of Louis Rukeyser. He has a daily report "On Business" heard on the CBS Radio Network, where he has made more than 8,000 broadcasts.
Colvin is the brother of singer/songwriter Shawn Colvin.

</doc>
<doc id="20783091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783091" title="Dance Dance Revolution Winx Club">
Dance Dance Revolution Winx Club

Dance Dance Revolution Winx Club is a music video game that was released by Konami on March 26, 2009 in European countries for the Wii and uses the engine used by "Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party 2". The game focuses on the "Winx Club" series, featuring songs and characters from the show. Konami has previously published several other Winx Club video games.
"DDR Winx Club" is also one of the first "DDR" games released in Europe to use the "Dance Dance Revolution" name rather than "Dancing Stage" as was done in the past, a change that was indicated in the original announcement for a European arcade release of "Dance Dance Revolution X".

</doc>
<doc id="20783111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783111" title="Tony Rutter">
Tony Rutter

Tony Rutter (born September 24, 1941) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer who won seven Isle of Man TT Races between 1973 and 1985. He also won four Formula Two World Championships, and was the British Motorcycle Champion in the 350cc class in 1971, on a Yamaha and the 250cc class in 1973 again on a Yamaha. Rutter was also a nine-time winner of the North West 200 race held in Northern Ireland.
His career was effectively ended by a very bad accident at the Montjuïc circuit, Barcelona (Spain) in 1985 – however even after this incident he recovered and continued to ride in the TT until 1991. 
He is the father of current British Superbike rider Michael Rutter.

</doc>
<doc id="20783117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783117" title="Jörg Lucke">
Jörg Lucke

Jörg Lucke (born January 7, 1942) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Berlin.
In 1968 he and his partner Heinz-Jürgen Bothe won the gold medal in the coxless pairs event.
Four years later he won his second gold medal as crew member of the East German boat in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20783125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783125" title="Yes–no question">
Yes–no question

In linguistics, a yes–no question, formally known as a polar question, is a question whose expected answer is either "yes" or "no". Formally, they present an exclusive disjunction, a pair of alternatives of which only one is acceptable. In English, such questions can be formed in both positive and negative forms (e.g. "Will you be here tomorrow?" and "Won't you be here tomorrow?").
Yes–no questions are in contrast with non-polar wh-questions, with the five Ws, which do not necessarily present a range of alternative answers, or necessarily restrict that range to two alternatives. (Questions beginning with "which", for example, often presuppose a set of several alternatives, from which one is to be drawn.)
How such questions are posed.
Yes–no questions are formed in various ways in various languages. In English, a special word order (verb–subject–object) is used to form yes–no questions. In the Greenlandic language, yes–no questions are formed with a special verb morphology. In Russian and Latin, yes–no questions are indicated by the addition of a special grammatical particle or an enclitic. In some languages, such as in Modern Greek, Portuguese, and the Jakaltek language, the "only" way to distinguish a yes–no question from a simple declarative statement is the rising question intonation used when saying the question. (Such questions are labelled declarative questions, and are also available as an option in those languages that have other ways of asking yes–no questions.) The use of rising question intonation in yes–no questions is one of the universals of human languages.
In Latin, the enclitic particle "-nē" (sometimes just "-n" in early Latin) can be added to the emphatic word to turn a declarative statement into a yes–no question. This usually forms a neutral yes–no question, implying neither answer (except where the context makes it clear what the answer must be). For example:
In Esperanto, the word "ĉu" added to the beginning of a statement makes it a polar question.
Yes–no questions are also formed in Latin with "nonne", implying that the interrogator thinks the answer to be the affirmative, and with "num", implying that the interrogator thinks the answer to be the negative. For examples:
In Chinese, yes–no questions may take an A-not-A form.
Ambiguities.
There is an ambiguity in English as to whether certain questions actually "are" yes–no questions in the first place. Syntactically identical questions can be semantically different. This can be seen by considering the following ambiguous example:
The question could be a yes–no question or could be a choice question (also called alternative question). It could be asking the yes–no question of "whether" John played "either" of the games, to which the answer is yes or no; or it could be asking the choice question (which does not have a yes–no response) of "which" of the two games John played (with the presupposition that he played one or the other), to which the answer is the name of the game. Another such ambiguous question is "Would you like an apple or an orange?" to which the responses can be "An apple.", "An orange.", "Yes.", and "No.", depending from whether the question is seen as a choice question or a yes–no question. (The "yes." answer involves a further ambiguity, discussed below.)
A related ambiguity is questions which have the form of yes–no questions, but which are intended not to be. These are a class of questions that encompass "indirect speech acts". The question "Can you reach the mustard?" is an example. In form and semantics it is a straightforward yes–no question, which can be answered either "yes, I can." or "No, I cannot.". But there is an indirect speech act (which Clark calls an "elective construal") that can optionally be inferred from the question, namely "please pass the mustard". Such indirect speech acts flout Grice's maxim of manner. And the inference on the part of the listener is optional, one that can legitimately remain untaken.
Clark describes one study where a researcher telephoned fifty restaurants around Palo Alto, California, asking without embellishment the question "Do you accept credit cards?". The three forms of reply given were:
Another part of the same study was the question "Do you have a price on a fifth of Jim Beam?". Out of 100 merchants, 40 answered "Yes.". A non-response bias forced researchers to disregard the survey question asking tobacconists "Do you have Prince Albert?"; although the researchers' intent was to observe whether the merchants specified that they offered the tobacco brand as packaged in a can and/or a pouch, the merchants frequently hung up the phone, presumably because they believed themselves to be the victims of a popular prank call.
How such questions are answered.
According to Grimes, the answer "yes" asserts a positive answer and the answer "no" asserts a negative answer, irrespective of the form of the question. But in fact simple "yes" or "no" word sentence answers to yes–no questions can be ambiguous in English. For example, a "yes" response to the question "You don't beat your wife?" could mean either "yes, I don't beat my wife." or "yes, I do beat my wife." depending from whether the respondent is replying with the truth-value of the situation, or is replying to the polarity used in the question. This ambiguity does not exist in languages that employ echo answers. In the Welsh language, for example, the response "ydw" ("I am") has no such ambiguity when replying to a question.
Other languages also do not follow the custom, given by Grimes, with respect to the answers "yes" and "no". In New Guinea Pidgin and Huichol, the answer given has the logical polarity implied by the form of the question. "Bai Renjinal i ranewe, o nogat?", a positive form of a question translated as "Will Reginald escape?", is answered "yes" (agreement that he will escape) or "nogat" (disagreement, he won't escape). Phrased negatively, however, as "Bai Rejinal i no ranewe, o nogat?" ("Won't Reginald escape?") the senses of the answers take the opposite polarity to English, following instead the polarity of the question. A response of "yes" is agreement that he "will not" escape, and a response of "nogayt" is disagreement, a statement that he "will" escape.
A further ambiguity with yes–no questions, in addition to that of polarity, is the ambiguity of whether an "exclusive" or "inclusive" disjunction is meant by the word "or". It can represent either. Conventionally, in English yes–no questions the "or" represents an exclusive disjunction. But this is not necessarily so. As with the "Would you like an apple or an orange?" question mentioned earlier, to which one possible answer, as a yes–no question, is "yes.", yes–no questions can also be taken to be "inclusive" disjunctions. The informativeness of the "or" in the question is low, especially if the second alternative in the question is "something" or "things". Though the "exclusive" and "inclusive" can be determined often in spoken language (the speaker will often lower their pitch at the end of an "exclusive" question, as opposed to raising it at the end of an "inclusive" question), this is a frequent source of humour for computer scientists and others familiar with Boolean logic, who will give responses such as "yes" to questions such as "Would you like chicken or roast beef for dinner?". But the ambiguity is not confined to humour. The apple-or-orange question may be legitimately asking whether either is wanted, for example, and "Would you like an apple or something?" is indeed "expecting" either "yes" or "no" as a proper answer, rather than the answer "Something" that an exclusive disjunction would be requesting.
This ambiguity does not exist only in English. It exists in West Greenlandic Kalaallisut, for example. The question "Maniitsu-mi Nuum-mi=luunniit najugaqar-pa" ("Does he live in Maniitsoq or Nuuk?") is ambiguous as to whether exclusive or inclusive disjunction is meant. Commonly, this is clarified either by intonation (if the question is spoken) or the inclusion of an explicit question-word such as "sumi" ("where").
Yes/no questions and suggestibility.
Yes/no questions are believed to carry some suggestibility load. For instance, in response to yes/no questions children tend to display a compliance tendency. That is, they tend to comply with the structure of the question, be it negative or positive, by responding in the same way.
For example if you ask a preschooler "Is this book big?" the preschooler tends to respond "yes it is". But if you ask "Is this book not big?" the preschooler is more likely to say "No it is not".

</doc>
<doc id="20783141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783141" title="1978 Missouri Tigers football team">
1978 Missouri Tigers football team

The 1978 Missouri Tigers football team represented the University of Missouri during the 1978 NCAA Division I-A football season as a member of the Big Eight Conference (Big 8). The team was led by head coach Warren Powers, in his first year, and they played their home games at Faurot Field in Columbia, Missouri. They finished the season with a record of eight wins and four losses (8–4, 4–3 Big 8) and with a victory over in the .

</doc>
<doc id="20783152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783152" title="Heinz-Jürgen Bothe">
Heinz-Jürgen Bothe

Heinz-Jürgen Bothe (born November 5, 1941) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Berlin.
In 1968 he and his partner Jörg Lucke won the gold medal in the coxless pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20783186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783186" title="Sergio Mimica-Gezzan">
Sergio Mimica-Gezzan

Sergio Mimica-Gezzan (also known as Srdjan Mimica, ) ) (born May 2, 1956) is a Croatian-born American film and television director and son of famous Croatian film director Vatroslav Mimica. He has received three Directors Guild of America awards for his work as an assistant director and is now a regular lead director in episodic television. He has often worked with Steven Spielberg as an assistant director. He directed six episodes of the reimagined "Battlestar Galactica", two episodes of "Heroes", and the television adaptation of Ken Follett's "The Pillars of the Earth". 
Mimica-Gezzan's other television credits include "Invasion", "Prison Break", "Saving Grace", "" and "Falling Skies".
As a boy and a young man he was an actor, best known for his leading role in the famous Croatian film Anno Domini 1573 (). 

</doc>
<doc id="20783208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783208" title="My SAT Coach">
My SAT Coach

My SAT Coach is a game on the Nintendo DS that helps students prepare for the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT), a common standardized college-entry exam for American high school students.
"The Princeton Review" partnered with Ubisoft to create the game. The game features several learning exercises that progress through three stages of learning. It contains Mini-Game Drills, Personal Follow-Up and The Real Expert. The goal is to help the student improve his or her SAT score.
Reception.
IGN stated it wasn't too bad and that it is "simple and easy to follow"; reviewer Jack Devries's final opinion was that "If your school offers an SAT prep course, I would definitely recommend that over this title, but if you didn't plan on studying at all, then My SAT Coach is probably better than nothing." IGN gave it 6.5.

</doc>
<doc id="20783211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783211" title="Woman's Club of Coconut Grove">
Woman's Club of Coconut Grove

The Woman's Club of Coconut Grove (originally known as the Housekeepers Club) is a historic woman's club in Miami, Florida. It was founded in 1891 by Flora McFarlane. Charter members were included women from the pioneering families of Coconut Grove, and included Mrs. Kirk Munroe, Mrs. Joseph Frow, Mrs. Charles Peacock, Mrs. Charles John Peacock and Mrs. Benjamin Newbold. It is located at 2985 South Bayshore Drive. 
The first public school building in Miami-Dade county, built in 1889, was the original meeting place. The current clubhouse was designed by the renowned architect Walter de Garmo and built in 1921. On March 26, 1975, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20783216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783216" title="Paradiaptomus africanus">
Paradiaptomus africanus

Paradiaptomus africanus is a species of copepod in the family Diaptomidae. As an example occurrence, "Lovenula africana" is found within the Makgadikgadi Pans, a seasonal hypersaline wetland in Botswana. 
Related species.
Other members of this genus are often found in certain African hypersaline lakes. For example, other species within this genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="20783229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783229" title="Saxtuba">
Saxtuba

The saxtuba is an obsolete valved brasswind instrument conceived by the Belgian instrument-maker Adolphe Sax around 1845. The design of the instrument was inspired by the ancient Roman cornu and tuba. The saxtubas, which comprised a family of half-tube and whole-tube instruments of varying pitches, were first employed in Fromental Halévy's opera "Le Juif errant" ("The Wandering Jew") in 1852. Their only other public appearance of note was at a military ceremony on the Champ de Mars in Paris in the same year.
History.
In the 1770s, the French artist Jacques-Louis David carried out extensive researches into the ancient Roman instruments that appeared on Trajan's Column in Rome. Two of these instruments – the straight tuba and the curved cornu – were revived in Revolutionary France as the "buccin" and "tuba curva". To devise the saxtubas Sax merely added valves to these natural instruments, thus providing them with chromatic compasses. Furthermore, he designed them in such a way that the valves were hidden from general view, thus giving the impression that the instruments were primitive natural trumpets only capable of playing notes from a single harmonic series.
The saxtuba was apparently first conceived by Sax at his workshop in the Rue Saint-Georges in Paris around 1845. On 5 May 1849 Sax applied for a patent for a series of brasswind instruments fitted with cylinders. On 16 July 1849 he was granted French Patent 8351. Like Sax's saxhorns and saxotrombas, which were also covered by this patent, the saxtubas were equipped with "pavillons tournants" – that is to say, their bells pointed forward – which was considered ideal for instruments intended to be played by marching or mounted bands in the open air.
The cylinders referred to in the patent application were piston valves which allowed the player to lower the pitch of the instrument's natural or open harmonics by one or more semitones. In 1843 Sax had patented his own version of the Berlin piston valve (i.e. the "Berliner Pumpenventil", which had been invented independently by Heinrich Stölzel in 1827 and Wilhelm Friedrich Wieprecht in 1833). These were independent valves, which were not designed to be used in combination with one another, though the intonational problems that arose when they were so used could often be corrected by the player's technique. This was especially true in the case of the higher-pitched half-tube instruments, which were usually provided with just three valves, allowing the player to lower the pitch of any open note by one, two or three semitones when the valves were used one at a time, or by four, five or six semitones when the valves were used in combination. Before the invention of compensating valves (which could be used in combination without producing faulty intonation), lower-pitched instruments generally required extra valves in order to lower the pitch of an open note by more than three semitones.
In 1859 Sax applied his system of six independent valves to the saxtuba.
The saxtubas made their first public appearance at the première of Fromental Halévy's opera "Le Juif errant" ("The Wandering Jew") at the Paris Opéra on 23 April 1852. At the time, Sax was musical director of the Opéra's stage band (or "banda"), so it was not unusual for instruments of his design to be showcased in popular productions. Although Sax appears to have designed the saxtuba as early as 1845, it is possible that he did not actually manufacture any specimens until they were required for "Le Juif errant" in 1852.
In the opera, the saxtubas are first heard on stage in the Triumphal March (No. 17) at the end of Act III. A total of eight different sizes of saxtuba were required to play ten individual parts. Curiously, the saxtubas are not referred to by this name in the only surviving copy of the full score; instead they are listed as saxhorns, which suggests that the decision to use saxtubas was a late one. In the score the instruments are designated as follows:
The only other appearance of the stage band in the opera occurs in the "Judgment dernier" ("Last Judgment") in Act V, which also includes parts for four saxophones, one of which was played by Sax himself. On both occasions the performers are instructed to march across the stage, playing martial music typical of the period as they do so. This music has been compared to the "Apothéose" from Berlioz's "Grande symphonie funèbre et triomphale" of 1840. François-Joseph Fétis, who reviewed the opera's première, reported that the sound of the Sax's saxtuba "banda" was out of all proportion to that of the orchestra in the pit. At subsequent performances the instruments were muted, which resulted in a much better balance between the two bodies.
"Le Juif errant" was not a success, despite being given fifty times over two seasons at the Paris Opéra; when it disappeared from the repertoire, it took the saxtuba with it. The only other notable public appearance of the saxtubas occurred less than a month after the opera's première, on 10 May 1852, when twelve saxtubas participated in a military ceremony on the Champ de Mars, Paris, in which the President of the French Republic Louis Napoleon distributed the colours to his army. Although a total of 1500 musicians from thirty regiments were employed in the ceremony, the twelve saxtubas overwhelmed all the other instruments. According to an eyewitness the saxtubas were played by the same civilian players who had played them at the Opéra the previous month.
The existence of a few saxtubas from the late nineteenth or early twentieth century – including six specimens manufactured by Sax's son Adolphe-Edouard – suggests that the instrument did not become completely obsolete after the disappearance of "Le Juif errant" from the repertoire. Records preserved in the Bibliothèque-Musée de l'Opéra National de Paris indicate sporadic appearances of saxtubas of various sizes in operatic productions throughout the late nineteenth century, both as solo instruments in the pit and as theatrical instruments in the onstage "banda". Jules Massenet added a saxtuba to his pit orchestra in "Le Roi de Lahore" (1877); Charles Gounod used the same instrument in "Le tribut de Zamora" in 1881. Massenet also wrote a solo for contrabass saxtuba in C in "Esclarmonde", which was first performed at the Opéra-Comique in 1889.
Sources.
In 1855, in a revised version of his "Treatise on Instrumentation", the French composer Hector Berlioz described several of Sax's newly invented instruments, including the saxtubas:
"These are instruments with mouth-piece and a mechanism of three cylinders; they are of enormous sonorousness, carrying far, and producing extraordinary effect in military bands intended to be heard in the open air. They should be treated exactly like sax-horns; merely taking into account the absence of the low double-bass in E, and of the drone in B. Their shape—elegantly rounded—recalls that of antique trumpets on a grand scale."
This description was repeated verbatim in an article Berlioz contributed to "The Musical Times and Singing Class Circular" five years later. It should be noted that the two contrabass instruments which Berlioz says are lacking (the double-bass ["contrebasse"] in E and the drone ["bourdon"] in B) are in fact included among the eight different sizes of saxtubas that took part in Halévy's "Le Juif errant".
The saxtuba is often mistaken for one of the larger members of Sax's saxhorn family. In 1908 W. L. Hubbard defined the term "saxtuba" thus:
"The bass saxhorn; a brass bass wind instrument similar to the saxotromba, and one of the family of brass instruments invented by Adolphe Sax. It has three cylinders or pistons for regulating the pitch, a wide mouthpiece, and possesses a deep sonorous tone."
The saxtuba has no entry in "The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians", but the "New Grove Dictionary of Musical Instruments" describes it as "a brass instrument in the circular form of the Roman "buccina"," adding that it has "three valves and was made in seven sizes from piccolo in B to contrabass in B."
Acoustic principles of the saxtuba family.
From the surviving copy of Halévy's opera, it would appear that the saxtubas were made in the same pitches as the saxhorns: indeed, it is quite probable that they were deliberately designed by Sax as substitutes for the saxhorns, whose music had already been composed. Berlioz claimed that the two deepest instruments (corresponding to the contrabass saxhorns listed above) did not exist, but this seems to be contradicted by both the surviving score and eyewitness accounts of Halévy's opera.
In his "Treatise on Instrumentation" Berlioz described nine different sizes of saxhorn. These correspond to those listed above with one addition: a small sopranino in C: Forsyth's "Orchestration" (1914) includes seven of these, though the nomenclature is quite different, as the following table shows:
Of these, only the bottom three were whole-tube instruments capable of sounding their fundamentals. The remaining instruments were half-tube instruments, whose series of natural harmonics only descended as far as the second harmonic. Presumably the same applied to the saxtubas: some of the extant saxtubas have only three valves, while some have four valves.
The saxtuba was a brasswind instrument. It was constructed in such a way that the column of air inside the instrument was capable of vibrating at a number of different pitches that corresponded to the notes of the harmonic series. These pitches are known as the instrument's natural or normal modes of vibration, each one being a natural harmonic or open note. By vibrating his lips at the correct frequency, the player was able to compel the instrument's air column to vibrate at the correct pitch; by lipping, he could correct the minor intonational defects due to the discrepancies between the natural harmonic series and the tempered scales of classical music.
Like the modern valve trumpet and cornet, the first six saxtubas employed harmonics two through eight; the three lowest-pitched saxtubas employed harmonics one through eight. The seventh harmonic was too much out of tune to be lipped; this partial was generally avoided by trumpeters and cornet players after the introduction of valves.
In order to provide a half-tube saxtuba with a chromatic compass from the second harmonic upwards, it is essential to provide the player with some means of lowering the pitch of the third harmonic by as many as six semitones, this being the size of the gap between the second and third harmonics. Three independent valves will reduce the pitch of a natural or open harmonic by two, one and three semitones respectively. Used singly or in combination, these can bridge the gap between the second and third harmonics, though the player will be required to correct by lipping the faulty intonation produced when independent valves are used in combination. The gaps between the higher harmonics are smaller still, so no more than three valves are required to provide such an instrument with a full chromatic compass; this is true even if the seventh harmonic is not used.
The whole-tube saxtubas require at least four valves for a fully chromatic range from the fundamental upwards, as the gap between the first and second harmonics is a full octave. Valves that lower the pitch of an open note by one, two, three and five semitones can be used alone or in combination to supply all eleven notes that lie between the first two harmonics. Later models of saxtuba were provided with six independent valves, lowering the pitch of an open harmonic by one through six semitones, thus removing completely the need to use any valves in combination.
Compass.
Like the saxhorn, the saxtuba was a transposing instrument. According to Berlioz, its music was always written in the treble clef as though for an instrument pitched in C, but the actual sounds produced depended on the size of instrument used. For example, if a piece of music were performed on Halévy's soprano saxtuba in E-flat, it would sound a minor third higher than written. Halévy's score of "Le Juif errant" is in general agreement with this, though, curiously, the part for the bass saxtuba in B ("Sax horn basse en Si") is notated in the bass clef, sounding just one whole-tone lower than written.
In the following table, all eight saxtubas from "Le Juif errant" and the contrabass saxtuba in C from Massenet's "Esclarmonde" have been included with their probable ranges. I have followed Forsyth (1914):
Extant saxtubas.
Of the saxtubas manufactured by Adolphe Sax's firm, about half a dozen have survived to the present day. The following table includes one instrument which was lost during World War II:

</doc>
<doc id="20783238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783238" title="William McLachlan (footballer)">
William McLachlan (footballer)

William McLachlan (born 19 March 1989) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Australian club Melbourne Knights in the Victorian Premier League. He has previously played in the Scottish Football League First Division for Airdrie United.
Career.
McLachlan began his career with Rangers and appeared for the Scotland U-16 team in a Victory Shield match against Northern Ireland in October 2004. In December 2008, he joined Airdrie United on loan. He made his debut against St Johnstone on 20 December. McLachlan made 24 appearances in total, including four in the Scottish First Division Play-offs. He was released by Rangers at the end of the season. 
McLachlan appeared as a trialist for Clyde in their opening two league games against Peterhead and Stirling Albion in August 2009. He also appeared against Dumbarton a week later, scoring a long range free-kick in a 3–3 draw. He signed a one year contract with Clyde in September 2009.
On Clyde's relegation to Division Three in 2010, McLachlan rejected terms with the club and was freed. He joined Junior side Lanark United and moved on to Kirkintilloch Rob Roy in 2011.
McLachlan moved to play football in Australia in March 2013, initially with Bulleen Lions before joining Melbourne Knights in July the same year. 

</doc>
<doc id="20783266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783266" title="Calochortus argillosus">
Calochortus argillosus

Calochortus argillosus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common name clay mariposa lily. It is endemic to coastal central California, where it grows in hard clay soils in the local mountains. This is a perennial herb producing an unbranching stem to heights between 40 and 60 centimeters. The leaf at the base of the stem is narrow in shape, reaching up to 30 centimeters long withering away at flowering. The inflorescence bears 1 to 4 erect bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three sepals and three petals up to 4 centimeters long. The petals are rounded in shape and white to pink in base color with a central spot or streaking of red, purple, and yellow. The fruit is a narrow capsule up to 6 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20783272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783272" title="Which Bitch?">
Which Bitch?

Which Bitch? is the second album from Scottish band The View which was released 2 February 2009. Paolo Nutini guests on the track "Covers". "Gem of a Bird" is about Kyle Falconer's girlfriend Katie Gwyther, with whom the song is a duet.
The album received mixed reviews from critics and debuted at number 4 on the official UK Albums chart in its first week of release, but in stark contrast to its predecessor Hats Off to the Buskers it dropped down the charts quickly and spent just two weeks in the UK top 40; it fell to #27 in its second week before dropping out altogether. Three singles were released from the album but all failed to reach the top 40; 5Rebbeccas and Shock Horror charted at #57 and #64 respectively. The album's third single Temptation Dice missed the top 100 altogether, and is their lowest charting single to date.
Track listing.
All songs written by Falconer/Webster

</doc>
<doc id="20783312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783312" title="Kirsten Thorup">
Kirsten Thorup

Kirsten Thorup, a Danish author, was born in Funen, Denmark, in 1942 and now lives in Copenhagen. She is the author of three poetry collections, a volume of short stories, and three novels including Baby which has been translated into English. She has also written for films, television, and radio. Her novel, "Den lange sommer", was published in Denmark in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20783351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783351" title="Toonen v. Australia">
Toonen v. Australia

Toonen v. Australia was a landmark human rights complaint brought before the United Nations Human Rights Committee (UNHRC) by Tasmanian resident Nicholas Toonen in 1994. The case resulted in the repeal of Australia's last sodomy laws when the Committee held that sexual orientation was included in the treaty’s antidiscrimination provisions as a protected status. 
In 1991, Toonen sent a communication to the Human Rights Committee in which he complained that Tasmanian laws criminalising consensual sex between adult males in private were a violation of his right to privacy under Article 17 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR); distinguished between people on the basis of sexual activity, sexual orientation and identity in violation of article 26; and meant that gay men in Tasmania were unequal before the law. 
As a result of his complaint to the Human Rights Committee, Toonen lost his job as General Manager of the Tasmanian AIDS Council, because the Tasmanian Government threatened to withdraw the Council’s funding unless Toonen was fired. On 31 March 1994, the Committee agreed that, because of Tasmania’s law, Australia was in breach of the obligations under the treaty. In response, the Commonwealth Government passed a law overriding Tasmania’s criminalization of gay sex, Australia's last sodomy laws. The "Toonen" decision has subsequently been referenced by the Committee and by other treaty bodies in making rulings.
Sodomy laws in Australia.
Australia inherited the United Kingdom's sodomy laws on colonisation in 1788. These were retained in the criminal codes passed by the various colonial parliaments during the 19th century, and by the state parliaments after Federation.
Following the Wolfenden report, the Dunstan Labor government introduced a "consenting adults in private" defence in South Australia in 1972. This defence was initiated as a bill by Murray Hill, father of former Defence Minister Robert Hill, and repealed the state's sodomy law in 1975. The Campaign Against Moral Persecution during the 1970s raised the profile and acceptance of Australia's gay and lesbian communities, and other states and territories repealed their laws between 1976 and 1990. The exceptions were Tasmania and Queensland.
Male homosexuality was decriminalised in South Australia in 1975, and in the Australian Capital Territory in 1976, followed by New South Wales and the Northern Territory in 1984. Western Australia legalised male homosexuality in 1989 under the Law Reform (Decriminalization of Sodomy) Act 1989. The states and territories that retained different ages of consent or other vestiges of sodomy laws later began to repeal them: Western Australia did so in 2002, and New South Wales and the Northern Territory did so in 2003. Tasmania decriminalised sodomy in 1997 following the High Court case "Croome v Tasmania".
Queensland remains the only state or territory in Australia to retain a defined sodomy law. Section 208 of the Criminal Code Act 1899, "Unlawful Sodomy", makes sodomy a crime for any person not yet 18 or if involving any person not yet 18. The maximum penalty is 14 years imprisonment for attempting or committing sodomy. "Consent" is not accepted as a defense. The age of consent for other sexual activity in Queensland is 16, but a higher minimum age for anal intercourse was introduced by the Goss Labor Government in the November 1990 Bill which otherwise decriminalised sex between men. A truly equal age of consent had been recommended by the 1990 Parliamentary Criminal Justice Committee which reported on reforms in laws related to homosexuality. "Recommendation 7" of that Committee's Report was the only majority recommendation which was not adopted. In 1996 the National/Liberal Government changed the terminology in Section 208 from "anal intercourse" to "sodomy" and doubled the applicable penalties. In October 2008 Labor's Attorney-General Kerry Shine raised the penalty for attempting sodomy to be the same as for committing the act. 
Background to the case.
In 1993, 
Nicholas Toonen, a gay activist, challenged two provisions of the Tasmanian Criminal Code: Sections 122(a) and (c), and 123, which criminalized all forms of sexual contact between consenting adult men in private, arguing that their continued existence in the Criminal Code of Tasmania had a profound and harmful impact on many Tasmanian people by fueling discrimination, harassment, and violence against gay and lesbian Tasmanians. 
According to Toonen's submission to the Committee, the laws
empower Tasmanian police officers to investigate intimate aspects of his private life and to detain him, if they have reason to believe that he is involved in sexual activities which contravene the above sections. He adds that the Director of Public Prosecutions announced, in August 1988, that proceedings pursuant to Sections 122(a), (c) and 123 would be initiated if there was sufficient evidence of the commission of a crime.
Although in practice the Tasmanian police had not charged anyone under Section 122 with "unnatural sexual intercourse" or "intercourse against nature," or under Section 123 with "indecent practice between male persons" for several years, Toonen argued that because of his high-profile activism, his activities as an HIV/AIDS worker, and his long-term relationship with another man, his private life and liberty were threatened by the continued existence of these laws. He additionally argued that the laws restricted him from "openly exposing his sexuality" and publicizing his views on law reform as this would have been "prejudicial to his employment," contending that the Sections "created the conditions for discrimination in employment, constant stigmatization, vilification, threats of physical violence and the violation of basic democratic rights." 
Toonen further complained that Tasmanian "figures of authority" (such as members of the Lower House of Parliament; municipal councillors; clergy and the general public) were known to openly make derogatory remarks about gays and lesbians, including statements such as "representatives of the gay community are no better than Saddam Hussein"; "the act of homosexuality is unacceptable in any society, let alone a civilized society"; and "you are 15 times more likely to be murdered by a homosexual than a heterosexual". Some had further suggested that all Tasmanian homosexuals should be exiled to an uninhabited island or be subjected to compulsory sterilization. This, claimed Toonen, constituted a "campaign of official and unofficial hatred" against gays and lesbians, and made it difficult for the Tasmanian Gay Law Reform Group to disseminate information about its activities and advocate the decriminalization of homosexuality.
Complaint.
Toonen alleged that Sections 122 (a) and (c) and 123 of the Tasmanian Criminal Code violated articles 2, paragraphs 1, 17 and 26 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because: 
(a) they do not distinguish between sexual activity in private and sexual activity in public and bring private activity into the public domain. In their enforcement, these provisions result in a violation of the right to privacy, since they enable the police to enter a household on the mere suspicion that two consenting adult homosexual men may be committing a criminal offence. Given the stigma attached to homosexuality in Australian society (and especially in Tasmania), the violation of the right to privacy may lead to unlawful attacks on the honour and the reputation of the individuals concerned.
(b) they distinguish between individuals in the exercise of their right to privacy on the basis of sexual activity, sexual orientation and sexual identity, and
(c) the Tasmanian Criminal Code does not outlaw any form of homosexual activity between consenting homosexual women in private and only some forms of consenting heterosexual activity between adult men and women in private. That the laws in question are not currently enforced by the judicial authorities of Tasmania should not be taken to mean that homosexual men in Tasmania enjoy effective equality under the law.
The remedy requested by Toonen was the repeal of these provisions.
Decision regarding admissibility of the complaint.
In considering the admissibility of the complaint, the Committee determined that the author (Toonen) could be deemed a "victim" within the meaning of article 1 of the Optional Protocol, and that his claims were admissible "ratione temporis" (within the temporal jurisdiction of the Committee). The communication was declared admissible on 5 November 1992.
Australian federal and state response.
In its response, the federal government of Australia conceded that Toonen had been a victim of arbitrary interference with his privacy, that he was personally and actually affected by the laws challenged by him, and that the laws could not be justified on public health or moral grounds, but noted that government of Tasmania denied that he had been the victim of a violation of the Covenant. The federal government noted that, while the state pointed out that no prosecutions or investigations had been made under the relevant Sections since 1984, the risk of prosecution or investigation remained.
The government of Tasmania argued that the retention of the Sections in question was justified and partly motivated by an effort to stem the spread of HIV/AIDS in the state, and that the laws were further justified on moral grounds; the federal government did not accept either claim, noting that laws against homosexuality in all other parts of Australia had been repealed, and that discrimination on the basis of sexuality was unlawful in three of six Australian states and the two self-governing internal Australian territories.
The federal government requested the Committee's guidance in interpreting whether sexual orientation could be subsumed under the term "... or other status" in article 26, requiring examination of the issues of: 
Decision.
The Committee found that adult consensual sexual activity in private is covered by the concept of "privacy," and that Toonen was affected by the continued existence of the Tasmanian laws, which continuously and directly interfered with his privacy, despite their lack of recent enforcement.
The Committee noted that "the criminalization of homosexual practices cannot be considered a reasonable means or proportionate measure to achieve the aim of preventing the spread of AIDS/HIV," further noting that "The Australian Government observes that statutes criminalizing homosexual activity tend to impede public health programmes by driving underground many of the people at the risk of infection." 
The Committee found that the Sections did not meet the "reasonableness" test in the circumstances of the case, and that they arbitrarily interfered with Toonen's right under article 17, paragraph 1.
As regards the guidance sought by the Australian government as to whether sexual orientation may be considered an "other status" for the purposes of article 26, the Committee found the reference to "sex" in article 26 is to be taken as including sexual orientation.
The Human Rights Committee therefore found that the facts before it revealed a violation of articles 17, paragraph 1, juncto 2, paragraph 1, of the Covenant. The author was entitled to a remedy under article 2(3)(a) of the Covenant, and the opinion of the Committee was that an effective remedy would be the repeal of Sections 122(a), (c) and 123 of the Tasmanian Criminal Code, and requested a response from the Federal government in 90 days.
Appendix to the decision.
Committee member Bertil Wennergren submitted an appendix to the decision, in which he disagreed with the Committee's view that it was unnecessary to consider whether there had also been a violation of article 26 of the Covenant. In his opinion, a finding of a violation of article 17, paragraph 1, should rather have been deduced from a finding of violation of article 26. 
Wennergren argued that the criminalization of certain behaviours under Sections 122(a), (c) and 123 of the Tasmanian Criminal Code must be considered incompatible with article 26 of the Covenant (a) made a distinction between heterosexuals and homosexuals, and (b) criminalized sexual contacts between consenting men without at the same time criminalizing such contacts between consenting women, thereby setting aside the principle of equality before the law, in violation of article 26:
"The discriminatory criminal legislation at issue here is not strictly speaking "unlawful" but it is incompatible with the Covenant, as it limits the right to equality before the law. In my view, the criminalization operating under Sections 122 and 123 of the Tasmanian Criminal Code interferes with privacy to an unjustifiable extent and, therefore, also constitutes a violation of article 17, paragraph 1 . . . I share the Committee's opinion that an effective remedy would be the repeal of Sections 122(a), (c) and 123, of the Tasmanian Criminal Code." 
Result.
In response to the Tasmanian Parliament’s refusal to repeal the offending laws, the Federal government passed the "Human Rights (Sexual Conduct) Act 1994 - Section 4", legalising sexual activity between consenting adults throughout Australia and prohibiting the making of laws that arbitrarily interfere with the sexual conduct of adults in private. In 1997 in the case of "Croome v Tasmania", Croome applied to the High Court of Australia for a ruling as to whether the Tasmanian laws were inconsistent with the Federal Human Rights (Sexual Conduct) Act. The Tasmanian Government repealed the relevant Criminal Code provisions after failing in its attempts to have the matter struck out.
According to Nick Poynder in a public lecture presented at Monash University's Castan Centre for Human Rights Law in Melbourne on 28 April 2003, the Committee's views are "widely published and carry significant moral and persuasive authority":
There is no doubt . . . that the UNHRC's views in Toonen v Australia, that Tasmania's anti-homosexual laws were in breach of Article 17 of the ICCPR . . . led directly to the enactment by the Australian Parliament of legislation rendering those laws ineffective. 
According to Justice Michael Kirby, in a speech given on the 2004 bicentenary of Tasmania, the changes in law resulted in Tasmania becoming "one of the most enlightened" Australian states:
"Early leadership was given by the Tasmania Police. It was followed by the Health Department, concerned to respond strongly to HIV/AIDS. An education reference group was established to turn around earlier policy and to combat homophobia in Tasmanian schools. Soon a programme was instituted to remove sexuality discrimination entirely from Tasmanian law and official practice. Tourism Tasmania even dedicated resources to promoting the State as a place friendly to gay visitors. For those who knew the whole history, this was truly a story of amazing Tasmania. Whereas in 1988, support for decriminalisation of homosexuality in this State had been 15% below the national average, by the time decriminalisation occurred in 1997, it was 15% above the average. Indeed, it was reportedly higher in Hobart than in Melbourne or Sydney". 
This case law "Toonen v. Australia" is also referred to by the Declaration of Montreal. and a report of UN High Commissioner for Human Rights on sexual orientation and gender identity

</doc>
<doc id="20783357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783357" title="Lourence Ilagan">
Lourence Ilagan

Lourence Ilagan (born February 11, 1978) is a Filipino darts player.
Career.
Ilagan is a two-time quarter-finalist (2000 and 2006) in the WDF Asia-Pacific Cup. He has also reached the final of the Philippines Open in 2006 and 2007 along with the final of the 2008 Malaysian Open. Ilagan won the National Darts Federation of the Philippines qualifier to earn a place in the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship but was beaten by Finland's Marko Kantele 5–2 in the Preliminary Round. 
Ilagan reached the semi-finals of the 2009 Winmau World Masters after qualifying from the earlier rounds into the last 16, where he defeated number two seed Scott Waites and then beat Steve West in the quarter-finals. He lost to Robbie Green in the semi-final.
Ilagan represented the Philippines with Christian Perez in the 2012 PDC World Cup of Darts and together they were beaten 5–3 by the United States in the first round.
Ilagan won the Philippines Qualifying Event for the 2013 World Championship and once there came back from three to one down in legs to Jamie Lewis in the preliminary round to win 4–3. He faced Colin Osborne in the first round and despite impressing with some clinical finishes, he lost 3–0. He was due to play with Perez once more in the 2013 World Cup of Darts but they were forced to withdraw due to travel problems. Later in the year he won the Hong Kong Open by beating Edward Santos in the final.
He defeated Perez 4–1 to win the World Soft Darts Championship in 2014 having eliminated Stephen Bunting in the quarter-finals and Randy Van Deursen in the semis. Ilagan credited his eight hours a day practice routine in being key to his success and he earned $1,000,000 HK in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="20783361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783361" title="The Glorious Ones">
The Glorious Ones

The Glorious Ones is a musical with book and lyrics by Lynn Ahrens and music by Stephen Flaherty. Set in 17th-century Italy, it concerns a theatre group in the world of commedia dell'arte and theatre of the Italian Renaissance. 
After premiering in Pittsburgh in April 2007, the musical opened Off-Broadway in October 2007. 
Production history.
The show premiered April 27, 2007, at the Pittsburgh Public Theater and closed on May 20, 2007. It then opened Off-Broadway at the Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater, as a production of the Lincoln Center Theater on October 11, 2007 and ran through January 6, 2008. Directed and choreographed by Graciella Danielle, the New York cast featured Marc Kudisch, Erin Davie, Natalie Venetia Belcon, and David Patrick Kelly.

</doc>
<doc id="20783392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783392" title="Asian Women's Junior Handball Championship">
Asian Women's Junior Handball Championship

The Asian Women's Junior Handball Championship is the official competition for junior women's national handball teams of Asia, and takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the Asian champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the Juniors World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20783412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783412" title="Munkás">
Munkás

Munkás ('The Worker') was a Hungarian-language newspaper in Czechoslovakia. The newspaper, which was an organ of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia, was one of the major Hungarian newspapers in Czechoslovakia in the latter half of the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="20783413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783413" title="1977 Washington Huskies football team">
1977 Washington Huskies football team

The 1977 Washington Huskies football team represented the University of Washington in the 1977 college football season. 

</doc>
<doc id="20783426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783426" title="University of Florida Center for African Studies">
University of Florida Center for African Studies

University of Florida Center for African Studies (CAS) is a center within of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at the University of Florida. The Center provides teaching and research into issues of African languages, humanities, social sciences, agriculture, business, engineering, education, fine arts, environmental studies, conservation, journalism, and law.
The Center for African Studies currently offers undergraduate and postgraduate study programs in numerous Africa-related fields.
Mission.
The Center is charged with addressing issues that are vital for contextualizing Africa in the global context. The University of Florida is striving to enhance its international dimension, and a major component of the Center for African Studies' mission is to work with the rest of the University to promote Africa-related programs in the curriculums and around campus.

</doc>
<doc id="20783440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783440" title="2TV">
2TV

2TV was an Irish music programme broadcast on Sunday mornings on both Network 2 television and RTE 2fm radio from 1995 until at least 2001, even during the summer months. It was presented by Dave Fanning, with Bianca Luykx, although Ray D'Arcy (who was known at the time for working weekdays on the children's television programme "The Den") was once said to have done a summer show to allow Fanning to spend more time with his family, being referred to as "Dave" "about a dozen times". The programme was essentially a continuation of Ian Dempsey's The Beatbox, which (also as a TV and radio "simulcast") had occupied 2TV's Sunday morning time-slot for the previous number of years. In 2000, Fanning admitted that he did no work on the show and that he did not like most of the music he played on it. This was not however the reason for its cancellation as he also said he would continue presenting it. Fanning described it as "not rocket science, it's moron television", saying he "hardly even knew where the 2TV office was, and that's God's honest truth". Promotions for the show were created by a Swede, Jorgen Andreason, who had ten years experience at Swedish Television before moving to Ireland. The show was sponsored by Coca-Cola for a number of years.
"2TV" drew much criticism for its limited choice of musical style. A typical video featured would be "Dreams" by The Corrs, whilst programme editor Ed Darragh, a writer, producer and performer on numerous radio commercials and researcher and interviewer on several radio programmes, including "The Gerry Ryan Show" and "Moloney After Midnight", was misquoted in a "Hot Press" interview saying that: "The Saw Doctors are shite. She expressed that they are superb "2TV" material. We also have lot of time for bands like Aslan." Other bands whose videos would be featured or that would be discussed or interviewed on the programme included The Fugees, A Tribe Called Quest, B*Witched, Trisha Yearwood, Kerri Ann, Stereophonics, Boyzone, Brandy and Monica, Matchbox 20 and Neil Finn. A major reason for the show's cancellation was the rise of 24-hour music-video channels, which also led to the end of The Top 30 Hits, Chart Show TV (the programme) and even Top of the Pops.

</doc>
<doc id="20783441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783441" title="Seok Joo-myung">
Seok Joo-myung

Seok Joo-myung (November 13, 1908 – October 6, 1950) was a Korean entomologist who made significant contributions to the taxonomy of the native butterfly species of Korea. He also became a noted linguist and pacifist
He was born in Pyongyang, North Korea, on November 13, 1908. His life had been tough during Japanese colonial era from 1910 to 1945 and a sudden attack took away his life on October 6, 1950. He graduated from Kagoshima college and Keijo Imperial University in Japan in 1929 and became a high school biology teacher. From that time, he dedicated his life to butterflies, esperanto and Jeju research. Korean people call him Korean Fabre, lightening his brilliant achievements in the dark period.
Main scientific work.
Japanese scientists said that there were 844 species of Korean butterflies but he made a great effort to collect 167,847 of cabbage butterflies throughout the Korean peninsular and compared their patterns and measured the length of front wings with a ruler by himself. He drew a conclusion that even though the wing patterns are different, they might not be different species and got rid of many wrong scientific names posted by Japanese prematurely and proved that they are individually changed adapting to surroundings and classified Chosun butterflies into 244 species. He longed for Chosun independence so he set the first stone for the classification of Chosun butterflies through his enormous samples he labeled butterflies Korean name and add seok. especialiy he named an undiscovered butterfly Mt Jiri Palang butterfly for the first time in the world.
In 1940 "A Synonymic list of butterflies of Korea" was published by The Korea Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society. It was the first time for a Korean to be sponsored by the British Royal academy. After that, he was selected as a regular member of world entomology.
Throughout his entire life, he had collected 750,000 butterflies samples and sorted and marked the locations on the Korean maps and world maps each way. When the Korean War broke out, he tried hard to keep his samples and maps so he couldn't escape Seoul. Unfortunately, his collections were totally burnt. With his sister's brave efforts of carrying the maps on her back, the distribution maps of Korean butterflies by Sok, Chumyong, in 1973> was safely released in the world after his death. The book is made of 500 maps with red mark with accuracy. Due to his research of Korean butterflies, modern entomology on butterfly has been being studied by a great number of scholars in the field.
Later activities and death.
He wrote a small dictionary "Lernolibro de Esperato Kun Vortaeto" 1947 because he was deeply involved in international peace movement to resist Japanese imperialism. He didn't change his Korean name into Japanese name until liberation. he voluntarily transferred to the Jeju natural medicine laboratory in seoguipo, Jeju Island in 1943. while he had been working here for two years, he was fascinated by particularity of Jeju culture and absorbed in Jeju exploration. Six general books: Jeju dialect, Jeju population, Jeju document, Jeju essay, history of Jeju insect, and Jeju data, were published. These are valuable resources for Jeju study.
After liberation, he, was in charge of zoology of the national museum. During the Korean War, he was mistaken as one of the North Korea's Peoples army and got shot in the middle of chaos to protect his samples. It was said that just right before his death, he shouted "I know butterflies only."

</doc>
<doc id="20783443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783443" title="Budslau">
Budslau

Budslau (, ) is a village in Belarus. It is located in the Miadelsky district, Minsk Province, 150 km north of the capital Minsk.
The village developed itself around the National Sanctuary of the Mother of God of Budslau, Minor Basilica consecrated in 1643.

</doc>
<doc id="20783444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783444" title="Bliss (2006 film)">
Bliss (2006 film)

Bliss () is a 2006 Chinese family drama film directed by Sheng Zhimin and produced by Hong Kong director Fruit Chan. The film was Sheng's first as a director, having previously served as a line producer for Chan and Jia Zhangke on films such as "Durian Durian" and "Platform".
Though primarily a mainland production, the film was financed in part by the Hong Kong-based See Movie Ltd. and was distributed by Hong Kong's Golden Network Asia.
Plot.
"Bliss" tells the story of a modern and non-traditional family living in Chongqing. Lao Li (He Xingquan) is a once-divorced retired police officer, currently living with his second wife Zhang Xiu'e (Guan Jiangge). Lao Li's first wife ran off years ago, forcing him to raise his son, Jianjun alone. 
Jianjun (Liao Zhong), now a grown man, has recently married Xiaohong (Wang Lan) and works long hours as a taxi driver. A passive man, Jianjun and Xiaohong's marriage is suffering from his long hours and her resentments. She eventually begins an affair and becomes pregnant, though the father remains a mystery. Jianjun announces that the baby will be born when Xiaohong discovers that her condition was actually a false pregnancy, and that she has actually been diagnosed with uterine cancer.
Meanwhile, Xiu'e's son from a previous marriage, the delinquent Xiaolei (Xu Tao) has begun to run with local hoodlums, much to the consternation of his mother and stepfather. Lao Li steps in and gets Xiaolei a job on a trolley-car, where he becomes interested in the pretty coworker, Qian Xue (He Qin). Unfortunately Xiaolei seems unable to escape from his life of petty crime. 
Into this drama, Lao Li receives an unexpected package, his first wife's ashes. Lao Li must now try to find a suitable burial place for the ashes, all while trying to keep his crumbling family together.
Background.
The story of "Bliss", which spans many years, evolved from an idea Sheng Zhimin developed while searching with his father for a proper burial place for his late mother. The experience of searching various graveyards throughout Beijing inspired Sheng to make a film "that spans from one's youth to their old age and it would be about life, youth and humanity."
Filming took place in the central Chinese city of Chongqing, where the city's seemingly constant fog and mist initially caused delays and problems to the production. Despite these problems, the mist would become one of the film's overriding themes.
Reception.
Relatively little seen, the few critics who did manage to see the film at a film festival were kind to Sheng's debut work, seeing its depressing and misty story as a vehicle for the characters to express something broader about Chinaese society. Though depressing, these critics nevertheless saw the film as an honest portrayal of modern Chinese "struggling to get by, with terribly little, materially or spiritually." An exception was "Variety" critic Derek Elley, who saw the film's downbeat atmosphere as essentially a "remote intellectual exercise." 
Many of these western reviews placed Sheng Zhimin's "Bliss" very much along the lines of other sixth generation filmmakers. In particular, the film was seen to reflect Jia Zhangke's "Still Life" for its realistic portrayal of modern life in China. 
"Bliss" premiered at the 2006 Locarno International Film Festival where it won the NETPAC award, and had its North American premiere at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival. It also screened at the 2007 Shanghai International Film Festival, where it picked up a best picture prize for the New Talent side-competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20783445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783445" title="Localizer performance with vertical guidance">
Localizer performance with vertical guidance

Localizer performance with vertical guidance (LPV) are the highest precision GPS (WAAS enabled) aviation instrument approach procedures currently available without specialized aircrew training requirements, such as required navigation performance (RNP). Landing minima are usually similar to those in an instrument landing system (ILS), that is, a decision height of and visibility of 1/2 mile.
Examples (from Garmin) are the GTN 7xx & 6xx, GNS 480, GNS 430W & 530W, and the post 2007 Garmin G1000 with GIA 63W.
LPV is designed to provide 16 meter horizontal accuracy and 20 meter vertical accuracy 95 percent of the time. Actual performance has exceeded these levels. WAAS has never been observed to have a vertical error greater than 12 meters in its operational history.
As of January 15, 2009 the Federal Aviation Administration has published 1,445 LPV approaches at 793 airports. This is greater than the number of published Category I ILS procedures.

</doc>
<doc id="20783459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783459" title="CLS Holdings">
CLS Holdings

CLS Holdings plc is a large British commercial property investment business. The Company has a Premium Listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange.
Corporate Profile.
CLS Holdings plc is a commercial property investment company with assets in London, France, Germany and Sweden, which has been listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange since 1994 and invests primarily in office buildings. 
CLS provides high quality, cost effective premises to approximately 450 tenants including leading blue chip corporations and governments. It operates an efficient, proactive management approach, working closely with its tenants to meet their individual requirements.
As at 30 June 2013 the company had a market capitalisation of approximately £425 million and its property portfolio was valued at £1.002 billion.
In September 2012, CLS issued its first UK Retail Bond, raising £65 million, which is listed on the London Stock Exchange’s Order Book for Retail Bonds.

</doc>
<doc id="20783465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783465" title="Jean Rabasse">
Jean Rabasse

Jean Rabasse, born in 1961 in Tlemcen, French Algeria, is a French cinema set decorator and scenographer.
Biography.
Jean Rabasse has long worked with the DCA Company of Philippe Decouflé for whom he created stage objects and machines. Since the end of the 1990s, he has worked in cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="20783477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783477" title="Will Grigg">
Will Grigg

William Donald Grigg (born 3 July 1991) is a footballer who plays as a striker for Brentford and Northern Ireland.
Club career.
Early years.
Grigg was educated at Solihull School and is an Aston Villa supporter. He was signed by Birmingham City at the age of seven and progressed through the club's youth teams. Grigg suffered a broken leg at age 15. After his release by Birmingham in 2007, Grigg became a student at Solihull College and turned out for Solihull Moors' youth team. 
Stratford Town.
In September 2007, Grigg signed non-contract terms with Midland Alliance side Stratford Town and made his first team debut in a 0-0 FA Cup qualifying draw versus Hednesford Town on 15 September. He started the replay and was substituted after 58 minutes for Steven Ruck. Grigg scored in a league game versus Biddulph Victoria on September 29 and again versus Racing Club Warwick on October 7. 
Walsall.
Having courted interest from West Bromwich Albion, Grigg signed a scholarship at League One side Walsall in the summer of 2008. He made his league debut as an 89th minute substitute for Dwayne Mattis in a 0-0 draw with Cheltenham Town on 20 December 2008. Grigg was an unused substitute for a 2-1 defeat away to Tranmere Rovers on 28 December 2008 and made no further appearances in the first team squad during the 08/09 season. Grigg made no appearances during the 09/10 season, but was an unused substitute on 20 occasions. Grigg featured regularly as a second half substitute during the 10/11 season and made his first start for Walsall in a 1-0 FA Cup second round defeat at Torquay United on 27 November 2010. He made his first league start in a 1–0 away win against Charlton Athletic on 12 December 2010. He scored his first senior goal in a 2–2 league draw against Bristol Rovers on 11 January 2011. Grigg finished the 10/11 season having made 30 appearances and scored four goals. Grigg made 32 appearances and scored four goals during the 11/12 season. Grigg became a regular starter during the 12/13 season and scored seven goals before the New Year, including a brace in a 4-2 away victory over MK Dons on Boxing Day. Grigg started 2013 in style with a goal, an assist and his first professional Man of the Match award in Walsall's televised league game against Portsmouth on 4 January. His impressive form continued as he scored his first hat-trick in a 3–0 victory at Carlisle United, bringing his season tally up to 14 goals. He finished the 12/13 season with a run of 10 goals in 11 games, as Walsall mounted an unsuccessful challenge to qualify for the League One playoffs. Grigg's form led to interest from Championship side Derby County and Premier League sides Aston Villa, Southampton and Norwich City. Grigg won the Walsall Player of the Season and Players' Player of the Season awards for the 12/13 season, having made 46 appearances and finished the season as the club's top scorer with 20 goals. Grigg's contract expired at the end of the season and he left the club after turning down a new four-year deal. He finished his Walsall career having made 109 appearances and scored 28 goals.
Brentford.
On 1 July 2013, Grigg signed for fellow League One side Brentford on a three year deal. As Grigg was under 24 at the time of the transfer, the deal went to a Football League tribunal and Brentford were ordered to pay an initial £325000, plus add-ons. Grigg made his debut for the club in the first game of the season, a 1-1 away draw at Port Vale on 3 August 2013. On his next appearance, he scored his first Brentford goals, a brace in a 3-1 home victory over Sheffield United on 10 August. Injury, international call ups and being played out of position by manager Uwe Rösler led to Grigg enduring a stuttering start to his Brentford career and he admitted suffering a dip in confidence. He went 11 games without a goal, until he notched the winner in a 1-0 league victory over Notts County on 30 November. Grigg scored his fifth Brentford goal against Port Vale on 11 January 2014, netting late in the second half after coming on for Sam Saunders. In March and still behind Clayton Donaldson and Marcello Trotta in the pecking order, Grigg told the Hounslow Chronicle "I haven’t become a bad striker overnight. I’ve been training well, I’m confident and keep believing. If I get a run of games, I think I will always score goals".
International career.
He has represented Northern Ireland at U19, U21 and senior level. He scored on his U21 debut after coming on as a substitute against San Marino in a UEFA U21 European Championship Qualifier and earned his first senior cap in a 6–0 defeat to the Netherlands in a friendly on 2 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20783488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783488" title="O Rappa (album)">
O Rappa (album)

O Rappa is the first album by Brazilian band O Rappa. It was produced by Fábio Henriques and O Rappa. It is distributed through Warner Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20783500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783500" title="Hypersaline lake">
Hypersaline lake

A hypersaline lake is a landlocked body of water that contains significant concentrations of sodium chloride or other mineral salts, with saline levels surpassing that of ocean water (3.5%, i.e. ). Specific microbial and crustacean species thrive in these high salinity environments that are otherwise inhospitable to most lifeforms. Some of these species attain dormancy when they are desiccated and organisms of certain species have been shown to survive for over 250 million years. 
The most saline water body in the world is the Don Juan Pond, located in the McMurdo Dry Valleys in Antarctica. It is limited in its size - about 3,000 cubic meters and its volume is changing. The Don Juan Pond has a salinity level of over 44%, (i.e. 12 times saltier than the ocean water). Its high salinity prevents the Don Juan from freezing even when temperatures are below . There are larger hypersaline water bodies - lakes in the McMurdo Dry Valleys like Lake Vanda with salinity level of over 35% (i.e. 10 times saltier than the ocean water). They are covered with ice in the winter. 
The most saline lake outside of Antarctica is Lake Assal, in Djibouti, which has a salinity level of 34.8% (i.e. 10 times saltier than the ocean water). But probably the best known examples of hypersaline lakes are the Dead Sea (34.2% salinity in 2010) and the Great Salt Lake (5–27% variable salinity). The Dead Sea, dividing Israel and the West Bank from Jordan, is the world's deepest hypersaline lake. The Great Salt Lake, located in Utah, while having nearly three times the surface area of the Dead Sea, is shallower and experiences much greater fluctuations in level than the Dead Sea. Because of this, the Great Salt Lake's degree of salinity also fluctuates greatly. At its lowest recorded levels, it approaches 7.7 times the salinity of ocean water, but when its levels are high, its salinity drops to only slightly higher than the ocean. 
Other hypersaline lakes can be found in western North America (besides the Great Salt Lake, Mono Lake), Africa (besides Lake Assal, the seasonal Makgadikgadi Pan),
and on the French Polynesian island of Niau, there is a swampy landlocked hypersaline lagoon.

</doc>
<doc id="20783510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783510" title="2009 Heineken Open">
2009 Heineken Open

The 2009 Heineken Open is a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is the 34th edition of the Heineken Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2009 ATP Tour. It took place at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland, New Zealand, from January 12 through January 17, 2008.
The announced singles field is headlined by Juan Martín del Potro, David Ferrer, and Robin Söderling. Also announced are defending champion Philipp Kohlschreiber, Nicolás Almagro, Sam Querrey, Albert Montañés and Juan Mónaco.

</doc>
<doc id="20783516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783516" title="Sudesh Fitzgerald">
Sudesh Fitzgerald

Sudesh Fitzgerald (born in Georgetown) is a Guyanese darts player.
Fitzgerald reached the semi final of the 2008 WDF Americas Cup Singles, losing to Canada's Jerry Hull. Fitzgerald won the 2008 Caribbean and South American Masters to qualify for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship where he faced South African Charles Losper in the Preliminary Round and lost 6-4.

</doc>
<doc id="20783527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783527" title="Michael Connell">
Michael Connell

Michael Louis Connell (November 30, 1963 – December 19, 2008) was a high-level Republican consultant who was subpoenaed in a case regarding alleged tampering with the 2004 U.S. Presidential election and a case involving thousands of missing emails pertaining to the political firing of U.S. Attorneys. Connell was killed when the plane he was flying crashed on December 19, 2008.
Life.
Connell was originally from Illinois and lived in Bath Township, near Akron, Ohio. His company also maintained a website for the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth 527 group during the 2004 election.
Request for protection.
In July 2008, the lead attorney in the "King Lincoln Bronzeville Neighborhood Association v. Blackwell" case, Cliff Arnebeck, sent a letter to U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey seeking protection for Connell as a witness in the case, saying he had been threatened. Arnebeck wrote, “We have been confidentially informed by a source we believe to be credible that Karl Rove has threatened Michael Connell, a principal witness we have identified in our King Lincoln case in federal court in Columbus, Ohio, that if he does not agree to 'take the fall' for election fraud in Ohio, his wife Heather will be prosecuted for supposed lobby law violations." Arnebeck claims that months later, his source called back and warned that Connell's life was in danger.
He was served with a subpoena in Ohio on September 22, 2008, in a case alleging that vote-tampering during the 2004 presidential election resulted in civil rights violations. Connell, president of GovTech Solutions and New Media Communications, was a website designer and IT professional and created a website for Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell that presented the results of the 2004 election in real time as they were tabulated. At the time, Blackwell was also chairman of the Bush-Cheney 2004 reelection effort in Ohio. Connell refused to testify or to produce documents relating to the system used in the 2004 and 2006 elections, lawyers said.
Death.
At about 6 p.m. on December 19, 2008, Connell was killed, at the age of 45, in the crash of a single-engine 1997 Piper Saratoga private airplane, which he was flying, which occurred in Lake Township, between 2.5 and 3 miles short of the runway at the Akron-Canton Airport near Akron, Ohio. Connell was alone in the plane and had been returning from the College Park Airport in Maryland, near Washington, D.C.. The plane crashed on its final approach to the airport's main runway, between two houses, one of which was vacant. Connell had flown the plane from the Akron-Canton Airport to the College Park Airport on December 18, 2008 and, according to the Stark County, Ohio coroner, Connell had on his person a receipt for a breakfast he had purchased in Washington, D.C. on December 19, 2008.
On December 31, 2008 it was reported that air traffic controllers had noted prior to the crash that Connell was off course, that they had been in communication with him regarding this, and that he had been trying to get back on course at the time of the crash. There were reported to have been no signs of mechanical problems with the plane.
The National Transportation Safety Board published its final report into the accident that killed Connell on January 28, 2010. The board concluded that Connell had lost control of the aircraft as a result of disorientation while turning in cloud. During a pre-flight briefing Connell had commented that he wanted to return to Akron before the weather "went from bad to worse". Several other pilots in the vicinity had reported severe icing at the time of the crash; Connell's aircraft was not equipped or approved to fly in icing conditions. A January 2010 article in Maxim Magazine speculated that because Connell possessed knowledge which, if revealed, would be damaging to high-level Republicans, his death may have been the result of sabotage of his aircraft, particularly as his cell-phone was never recovered. Project Censored, a small non-profit organization, has called for a Federal criminal investigation; and Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. has called the case "more serious than Watergate." 

</doc>
<doc id="20783548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783548" title="Iraqi Bar Association">
Iraqi Bar Association

The Iraqi Bar Association (Arabic: ?, also translated in English as Union of Lawyers in Iraq or Iraq's lawyers' union), created in 1933, is the biggest lawyers' association in Iraq, with tens of thousands of members as of 2007. It is a member of the International Bar Association.
Organisational structure.
The Iraqi Bar Association is headquartered in Almansour, Baghdad.
Under the "modified practicing law code Number 173 for the year 1965", Iraqi lawyers are not technically obliged to be members of the Iraqi Bar Association, but in practice, obtaining an obligatory lawyer's license is infeasible without membership. All members are obliged to subscribe to the Bar Association's newsletter. Members of the Kurdistan Bar Association are allowed to be members of the Iraqi Bar Association and vice versa.
About 38,000 lawyers were members of the Iraqi Bar Association in August 2007, with a men to women ratio of about 70:30. New members status can pass through three "authorisation" levels, A, B and C, requiring coursework and a time delay to progress through the levels.
In principle, every three years, eleven "Bar Association Board Council" members are elected in a one-day election by all members. The President of the association is elected separately from the Board Council. The Bar Association Board consists of the President, his/her Deputy, the Board Council Secretary, the Treasurer and six members of the Board Council.
Leadership and relations with the Iraqi government.
In early 2005, Malik Dohan al-Hasan, aged 84 at the time, was president of the Iraqi Bar Association. In June 2005, he became Minister of Justice. He chaired a special commission dealing with compensation for victims of human rights violations during the government of Saddam Hussein and protested against human rights violations in United States prisons in Iraq.
In late 2005 (October), Khamal Hamdoon Mulla Allawi was president of the association when Saadoun Sughaiyer al-Janabi, a lawyer participating in the defence of one of Saddam Hussein's co-accused, was assassinated. The association called for a boycott of the Saddam Hussein legal trials in protest. Khamal Hamdoon stated, "Protecting lawyers will be possible only if the killers are caught and put behind bars". 
In March 2006, the Iraqi government dismissed the association's council. The "chairman" of the Iraqi Bar Association, Dheyaa al-Saadi, criticised this, arguing that the council had been created as the result of "free and fair elections". He said that the association included members of "divergent political factions and groups" and should "remain a symbol of Iraq's unity" rather than being "politicized". He claimed that the association was one of the "few" organisations in Iraq that was defending "civil and political rights and the rule of law". 
In June 2006, as "head" of the Iraqi Bar Association, Khamal Hamdoon stated that Iraqi lawyers were "living in terror" and claimed that in its occupation of Iraq, the United States "adopted the law of power and not the power of law. The lawyer's job is that of civilization."
On November 16, 2006, al-Saadi was elected as president of the association with about 70% of the votes. The De-Ba'athification Commission annulled his election on the grounds that he had previously been a member of the Baath Party. 
Dheya al-Saadi was apparently still president of the Iraqi Bar Association when in December 2008 he led a team of lawyers to defend Muntadhar al-Zaidi, an Iraqi broadcast journalist working for al-Baghdadia TV who threw his shoes at U.S. president George W. Bush, stating that he did it on behalf of "the widows and orphans and all those killed in Iraq".

</doc>
<doc id="20783549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783549" title="Smokey Harris">
Smokey Harris

Thomas Wilfred "Smokey" Harris (October 11, 1890 – June 4, 1974) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Harris played in the Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA), the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Western Canada Hockey League (WCHL). Harris was born in Port Arthur, Ontario. His brother Henry was also a professional ice hockey player. Harris scored the first goal in Boston Bruins' franchise history.
Hockey career.
Harris first played senior hockey with the Kenora Thistles in the 1909–10 season. In 1911, he joined the Vancouver Millionaires of the PCHA, playing three seasons before being traded to the Portland Rosebuds before the 1914–15 season. He played four seasons for Portland. Portland won the PCHA championship in 1916, briefly taking over the Stanley Cup before losing it in the 1916 Stanley Cup Finals to the Montreal Canadiens. After Portland folded, Harris returned to the Millionaires, playing another five seasons. With Vancouver, Harris played in the 1921 and 1923 Stanley Cup series, both times against the Ottawa Senators. After one season, with the Seattle Metropolitans, he was traded to the Boston Bruins of the NHL. He played six games before being traded again, to the Vancouver Maroons of the WCHL, the renamed Millionaires franchise. After one season with Vancouver, Harris moved to California where, except for 1926–27 where he played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Prairie League, he played out his career for teams in Los Angeles and San Francisco in the California Pro League. His final season was 1931–32 for the San Francisco Rangers. He was briefly playing coach for Richfield Oil in 1925–26, and coached a full season for the Hollywood Millionaires in 1929–30.

</doc>
<doc id="20783558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783558" title="Water politics in the Jordan River basin">
Water politics in the Jordan River basin

Water politics in the Jordan River basin are the political issues of water within the Jordan River drainage basin, including competing claims and water usage, and issues of riparian rights of surface water along transnational rivers, as well as the availability and usage of ground water. Water resources in the region are scarce, and these issues directly affect the five political subdivisions (Israel, the West Bank, Lebanon, Syria and Jordan) located within and bordering the basin, which were created since the collapse, during World War I, of the former single controlling entity, the Ottoman Empire. Because of the scarcity of water and a unique political context, issues of both supply and usage outside the physical limits of the basin have been included historically. The basin and its water are central issues of both the Arab-Israeli Conflict and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The Jordan River is long and, over most of its distance, flows at elevations below sea level. Its waters originate from the high precipitation areas in and near the Anti-Lebanon mountains in the north, and flow through the Sea of Galilee and Jordan River Valley ending in the Dead Sea at an elevation of minus 400 metres, in the south.
Downstream of the Sea of Galilee, where the main tributaries enter the Jordan Valley from the east, the valley bottom widens to about . This area is characterized by higher alluvial or beach terraces paralleling the river; this area is known as the "Ghor" (or "Ghawr"). These terraces are locally incised by side wadis or rivers forming a maze of ravines, alternating with sharp crests and rises, with towers, pinnacles and a badlands morphology.
At a lower elevation is the active Jordan River floodplain, the "zhor" (or "Zur"), with a wildly meandering course, which accounts for the excessive length of the river in comparison to the straight line distance to reach the Dead Sea. Small dams were built along the river within the Zhor, turning the former thickets of reeds, tamarisk, willows, and white poplars into irrigated fields. After flowing through the Zur, the Jordan drains into the Dead Sea across a broad, gently sloping delta.
In the upper Jordan river basin, upstream of the Sea of Galilee, the tributaries include:
The lower Jordan River tributaries include:
Hydrology of the Jordan River.
The riparian rights to the Jordan River are shared by 4 different countries: Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Israel as well as the Palestinian territories; although Israel as the occupying authority has refused to give up any of the water resources to the Palestinian National Authority. The Jordan River originates near the borders of three countries, Israel, Lebanon, and Syria, with most of the water derived from the Anti-Lebanon Mountains and Mount Hermon to the north and east. Three spring-fed headwater rivers converge to form the Jordan River in the north:
These streams converge six kilometres inside Israel and flow south to the Sea of Galilee, wholly within Israel.
Water quality is variable in the river basin. The three tributaries of the upper Jordan have a low salinity of about 20 ppm. The salinity of water in Lake Tiberias ranges from 240 ppm in the upper end of the lake (marginal for irrigation water), to 350 ppm (too high for sensitive citrus fruits) where it discharges back into the Jordan River. The salt comes from the saline subterranean springs. These springs pass through the beds of ancient seas and then flow into Lake Tiberias, as well as the groundwater sources that feed into the lower Jordan. Downstream of Tiberias, the salinity of the tributary Yarmouk River is also satisfactory, at 100 ppm, but the lower Jordan river becomes progressively more saline as it flows south. It reaches twenty-five percent salinity (250,000 ppm) where it flows in the Dead Sea, which is about seven times saltier than the ocean.
As a resource for freshwater the Jordan River drainage system is vital for most of the population of Palestine, Israel and Jordan, and to a lesser extent in Lebanon and Syria who are able to utilise water from other national sources. (Although Syrian riparian rights to the Euphrates has been severely restricted by Turkey's dam building programme, a series of 21 dams and 17 hydroelectric stations built on the Euphrates and Tigris rivers, in the 1980s, 90s and projected to be completed in 2010, in order to provide irrigation water and hydroelectricity to the arid area of southeastern Turkey.) The CIA analysis in the 1980s placed the Middle East on the list of possible conflict zones because of water issues. Twenty per cent of the region’s population lack access to adequate potable water and 35% of the population lack appropriate sanitation.
Sharing water resources involves the issue of water use, water rights, and distribution of amounts. The Palestinian National Authority wished to expand and develop the agricultural sector in the West Bank to decrease their dependency on the Israeli labour market, while Israel have prevented an increase in the irrigation of the West bank. Jordan also wishes to expand its agricultural sector so as to be able to achieve food security.
On 21 May 1997 the UN General Assembly adopted a Convention on the Law of Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses.
The articles establish two principles for the use of international watercourses (other than navigation): "equitable and reasonable utilization". and "the ‘due diligence’ obligation not to cause significant harm." Equitable and reasonable utilization requires taking into account all relevant factors and circumstances, including:
Historical background.
Studies of regional water resources and their development, in modern terms, date from the early 1900s during the period of Ottoman rule; they also follow in light of a significant engineering milestone and resource development achievement. Based largely on geographic, engineering and economic considerations many of these plans included common components, but political considerations and international events would soon follow.
In the late 1930s and mid-1940s, Transjordan and the World Zionist Organization commissioned mutually exclusive competing water resource studies. The Transjordanian study, performed by Michael G. Ionides, concluded that the available water resources are not sufficient to sustain a Jewish state which would be the destination for Jewish immigration. The Zionist study, by the American engineer Walter Clay Lowdermilk, concluded that by diverting water from the Jordan basin to support agriculture and residential development in the Negev, a Jewish state supporting 4 million new immigrants would be sustainable. At the end of the 1948 Arab Israeli War with the signing of the General Armistice Agreements in 1949, both Israel and Jordan embarked on implementing their competing initiatives to utilize the water resources in the areas under their control.
The first "Master Plan for Irrigation in Israel" was drafted in 1950 and approved by a Board of Consultants (of the USA) on 8 March 1956. The main features of the Master Plan was the construction of the Israeli National Water Carrier (NWC), a project for the integration of all major regional projects into the Israeli national grid. Tahal – Water Planning for Israel Ltd., an Israeli public corporate body, was established in 1952, being largely responsible for planning of water development, drainage, etc., at the national level within Israel, including the NWC project which was commissioned in 1965.
In 1953, Israel began construction of a water carrier to take water from the Sea of Galilee to the populated center and agricultural south of the country, while Jordan concluded an agreement with Syria, known as the Bunger plan, to dam the Yarmouk River near Maqarin, and utilize its waters to irrigate Jordanian territory, before they could flow to the Sea of Galilee. Military clashes ensued, and US President Dwight Eisenhower dispatched ambassador Johnston to the region to work out a plan that would regulate water usage.
Jordan basin.
Banias.
The Syria-Lebanon-Palestine boundary was a product of the post-World War I Anglo-French partition of Ottoman Syria. British forces had advanced to a position at Tel Hazor against Turkish troops in 1918 and wished to incorporate all the sources of the Jordan River within the British controlled Palestine. Due to the French inability to establish administrative control, the frontier between Syria and Palestine was fluid. Following the Paris Peace Conference of 1919, and the unratified and later annulled Treaty of Sèvres, stemming from the San Remo conference, the 1920 boundary extended the British controlled area to north of the Sykes Picot line, a straight line between the mid point of the Sea of Galilee and Nahariya. In 1920 the French managed to assert authority over the Arab nationalist movement and after the Battle of Maysalun, King Faisal was deposed. The international boundary between Palestine and Syria was finally agreed by Great Britain and France in 1923 in conjunction with the Treaty of Lausanne, after Britain had been given a League of Nations mandate for Palestine in 1922. Banyas (on the Quneitra/Tyre road) was within the French Mandate of Syria. The border was set 750 metres south of the spring.
In 1941 Australian forces occupied Banyas in the advance to the Litani during the Syria-Lebanon Campaign; Free French and Indian forces also invaded Syria in the Battle of Kissoué. Banias's fate in this period was left in a state of limbo since Syria had come under British military control. After the cessation of World War II hostilities, and at the time Syria was granted Independence (April 1946), the former mandate powers, France and Britain, bilaterally signed an agreement to pass control of Banias to the British mandate of Palestine. This was done against the expressed wishes of the Syrian government who declared France's signature to be invalid. While Syria maintained its claim on Banias in this period, it was administered from Jerusalem.
Following the 1948 Arab Israeli War, and the signing of the General Armistice Agreements in 1949, and DMZs included in the Armistice with Syria in July 1949, were "not to be interpreted as having any relation whatsoever to ultimate territorial arrangements." Israel claimed sovereignty over the Demilitarised zones (DMZs), on the basis that, "it was always part of the British Mandated Territory of Palestine." Moshe Dayan and Yosef Tekoah adopted a policy of Israeli control of the DMZ and water sources at the expense of Israel’s international image. The Banias spring remained under Syrian control, while the Banias River flowed through the contested Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and into Israel.
Hasbani.
The Hasbani River derives most of its discharge from two springs in Lebanon the Wazzani and the Haqzbieh, the latter being a group of springs on the uppermost Hasbani. The Hasbani runs for in Lebanon before crossing the border and joining with the Banias and Dan Rivers at a point in northern Israel, to form the River Jordan. For about four kilometres downstream of Ghajar, the Hasbani forms the border between Lebanon and northern Israel.
The Wazzani's and the Haqzbieh's combined discharge averages 138 million m³ per year. About 20% of the Hasbani flow emerges from the Wazzani Spring at Ghajar, close to the Lebanese Israeli border, about 3 kilometres west of the base of Mount Hermon. The contribution of the spring is very important, because it is the only continuous year-round flow in the river in either Lebanon or Israel.
Utilization of water resources in the area, including the Hasbani, has been a source of conflict and was one of the factors leading to the 1967 Six-Day War. The Hasbani was included in the Jordan Valley Unified Water Plan, proposed in 1955 by special US envoy Eric Johnston. Under the plan, Lebanon was allocated usage of 35 million cubic metres annually from it. The plan was rejected by the Arab League.
In 2001 the Lebanese government installed a small pumping station with a 10 cm bore to extract water to supply Ghajar village. In March 2002 Lebanon also diverted part of the Hasbani to supply Wazzani village. An action that Ariel Sharon said was a "casus belli" and could lead to war.
Dan.
The Dan River is the largest tributary of the Jordan river, whose source is located at the base of Mount Hermon. Until the 1967 Six-Day War, the Dan River was the only source of the river Jordan wholly within Israeli territory. Its flow provides up to 238 million cubic metres of water annually to the Hulah Valley. In 1966 this was a cause of dispute between water planners and conservationists, with the latter prevailing after three years of court adjudication and appeals. The result was a conservation project of about at the source of the river called the Tel Dan Reserve.
Huleh marshes.
In 1951 the tensions in the area were raised when, in the lake Huleh area (10 km from Banias), Israel initiated a project to drain the marsh land to bring into cultivation. The project caused a conflict of interests between the Israeli government and the Palestinian Arab villages in the area and drew Syrian complaints to the United Nations. On 30 March in a meeting chaired by David Ben-Gurion the Israeli government decided to assert Israeli sovereignty over the DMZs, consequently 800 inhabitants of the villages were forcibly evacuated from the DMZ. From 1951 Israel refused to attend the meetings of the Israel/Syria Mixed Armistice Commission. This refusal on the part of Israel not only constituted a flagrant violation of the General Armistice Agreement, but also contributed to an increase of tension in the area. The Security Council itself strongly condemned the attitude of Israel, in its resolution of 18 May 1951, as being "inconsistent with the objectives and intent of the Armistice Agreement"
Under UN auspices and with encouragement from the Eisenhower administration 9 meetings took place between 15 and 27 January 1953, to regularise administration of the 3 DMZs. At the eighth meeting Syria offered to adjust the armistice lines, and cede to Israel's 70% of the DMZ, in exchange for a return to the pre 1946 international border in the Jordan basin area, with Banias water resources returning uncontested to Syrian sovereignty. On 26 April, the Israeli cabinet met to consider the Syrian suggestions; with head of Israel’s Water Planning Authority, Simha Blass, in attendance. Blass noted that while the land to be ceded to Syria was not suitable for cultivation, the Syrian map did not suit Israel’s water development plan. Blass explained that the movement of the international boundary in the area of Banias would affect Israel’s water rights. The Israeli cabinet rejected the Syrian proposals but decided to continue the negotiations by making changes to the accord and placing conditions on the Syrian proposals. The Israeli conditions took into account Blass’s position over water rights and Syria rejected the Israeli counteroffer.
On 4 June 1953 Jordan and Syria concluded a bilateral plan to store surface water at Maqarin (completed in 2006 as Al-Wehda Dam), so as to be able to utilise the water resources of the Yarmouk river in the Yarmouk-Jordan valley plan, funded through the Technical Cooperation Agency of the United States of America, the UNRWA and Jordan.
Part of the Hula marshes were re-flooded in 1994 due to the negative effects from the original drainage plan.
Regional projects.
Israeli National Water Carrier project.
In September 1953, Israel unilaterally started a water diversion project within the Jordan River basin to divert water from the Jordan River at Jacob's Ford (B'not Yacov) to help irrigate the coastal Sharon Plain and eventually the Negev desert. The diversion project consisted of a nine-mile (14 km) channel midway between the Huleh Marshes and Lake Galilee (Lake Tiberias) in the central DMZ to be rapidly constructed. Syria claimed that it would dry up of Syrian land. The UNTSO Chief of Staff Major General Vagn Bennike of Denmark noted that the project was denying water to two Palestinian water mills, was drying up Palestinian farm land and was a substantial military benefit to Israel against Syria. The US cut off aid to Israel. The Israeli response was to increase work. UN Security Council Resolution 100 “deemed it desirable” for Israel to suspend work started on 2 September “pending urgent examination of the question by the Council”. Israel finally backed off by moving the intake out of the DMZ and for the next three years the US kept its economic sanctions by threatening to end aid channelled to Israel by the Foreign Operations Administration and insisting on tying the aid with Israel's behaviour. The Security Council ultimately rejected Syrian claims that the work was a violation of the Armistice Agreements and drainage works were resumed and the work was completed in 1957. This caused shelling from Syria and friction with the Eisenhower Administration; the diversion was moved to the southwest to Eshed Kinrot into the Israeli National Water Carrier project, designed by Tahal and constructed by Mekorot.
Jordan Valley Unified Water Plan.
1955 US ambassador Eric Johnston negotiated the Jordan Valley Unified Water Plan. The plan was for the unified development of the Jordan Valley water resources based on an earlier plan commissioned by United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA). Modeled upon the Tennessee Valley Authority development plan, it was approved by technical water committees of all the regional riparian countries – Israel, Jordan, Lebanon and Syria. The plan was formally rejected by the Arab Higher Committee, but was later seriously considered by Arab leaders. Jordan undertook to abide by their allocations under the plan. The plan was initially un-ratified by Israel, but after the US linked the Johnston plan to aid, also agreed to accept the allocation provisions.
The East Ghor canal formed part of a larger project – the Greater Yarmouk project – which envisioned two storage dams on the Yarmouk, and a West Ghor Canal, on the West Bank of the Jordan. These projects were never built, due to Israel's occupation of the West Bank of the Jordan River during the Six-Day War. After the Six-Day War, The PLO operated from bases within Jordan, and launched several attacks on Israeli settlements in the Jordan valley, including attacks on water facilities. Israel responded with raids in Jordan, in an attempt to force King Hussein of Jordan to rein in the PLO. The canal was the target of at least 4 of these raids, and was virtually knocked out of commission. The United states intervened to resolve the conflict, and the canal was repaired after Hussien undertook to stop PLO activity in the area.
Headwater Diversion Plan.
First summit of Arab Heads of State was convened in Cairo between 13–17 January 1964, called by Nasser the Egyptian president, to discuss a common policy to confront Israel's national water carrier project which was nearing completion. The second Arab League summit conference voted on a plan which would have circumvent and frustrated it. The Arab and North African states chose to divert the Jordan headwaters rather than the use of direct military intervention. The heads of State of the Arab League considered two options:
The Arab league plan selected was for the Hasbani and Banias waters to be diverted to Mukhaiba and stored.
After the 2nd Arab summit conference in Cairo of January 1964 (with the backing of all 13 Arab League members), Syria in a joint project with Lebanon and Jordan, started the development of the water resources of Banias for a canal along the slopes of the Golan toward the Yarmouk River. While Lebanon was to construct a canal form the Hasbani River to Banias and complete the scheme. The project was to divert 20 to 30 million cubic metres of water from the river Jordan tributaries to Syria and Jordan for the development of Syria and Jordan. The Syrian construction of the Banias to Yarmouk canal got under way in 1965. Once completed, the diversion of the flow would have transported the water into a dam at Mukhaiba for use by Jordan and Syria before the waters of the Banias Stream entered Israel and the Sea of Galilee. Lebanon also started a canal to divert the waters of the Hasbani, whose source is in Lebanon, into the Banias. The Hasbani and Banias diversion works would have had the effect of reducing the capacity of Israel's carrier by about 35% and Israel's overall water supply by about 11%. Israel declared that it would regard such diversion as an infringement of its sovereign rights. The Finance of the project was through contributions by Saudi Arabia and Egypt. This led to military intervention from Israel, first with tank and artillery fire and then, as the Syrians shifted the works further southwards, with airstrikes.
Six-Day War.
On 10 June 1967, the last day of the Six-Day War, Golani Brigade forces quickly invaded the village of Banias where a caliphate era Syrian fort stood. Eshkol's priority on the Syrian front was control of the water sources.
Subsequent developments.
In 1980 Syria unilaterally started a programme of dam building along the Yarmouk.
The southern slopes of Mount Hermon (Jebel esh-Sheikh) as well as the Golan Heights, were unilaterally annexed by Israel in 1981.
1988 The Syrian/Jordanian agreement on development of the Yarmouk is blocked when Israel as a riparian right holder refuses to ratify the plan and the World Bank withholds funding. Israel's augments its Johnson plan allocation of 25,000,000 m³/yr by a further 45,000,000–75,000,000 m³/yr.
The water agreement forms a part of the broader political treaty which was signed between Israel and Jordan in 1994, and the articles relating to water in this agreement do not correspond with Jordan’s rights to water as they were originally claimed. The nature and significance of the wider 1994 treaty meant that the water aspect was forced to cede importance and priority in negotiations, giving way to areas such as borders and security in terms of armed force, which were perceived by decision-makers as being the most integral issues to the settlement. Main points from the water sharing in the Jordan/Israel Peace treaty.
Jordan being a country that borders on the Jordan has riparian rights to water from the Jordan basin and upper Jordan tributaries. Due to the water diversion projects the flow to the river Jordan has been reduced from 1,300 million–1,500 million cubic metres to 250 million–300 million cubic metres. Where the water quality has been further reduced as the flow of the river Jordan is made of run-off from agricultural irrigation and saline springs.
Israel's subsequent developments have been mainly aimed at enlarging the main distribution system of Israel, run-off interception, reclamation of waste-water, and increasing the operational efficiency of water distribution networks. Over the year, the irrigated area within Israel has increased from 28,000 ha in 1948 to some 220,000 ha in 1997.
Problems can be seen to have emerged in 1999, when the treaty’s limitations were revealed by events concerning water shortages in the Jordan basin. A reduced supply of water to Israel due to drought meant that, in turn, Israel which is responsible for providing water to Jordan, decreased its water provisions to the country, provoking a diplomatic disagreement between the two and bringing the water component of the treaty back into question.
Israel's complaints that the reduction in water from the tributaries to the river Jordan caused by the Jordan/Syrian dam look to go unheeded due to the conflict of interest between Israel and her neighbours.

</doc>
<doc id="20783559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783559" title="Dalcetrapib">
Dalcetrapib

Dalcetrapib or JTT-705 is a CETP inhibitor which was being developed by Hoffmann–La Roche until May 2012. The drug was aimed at raising the blood levels of "good cholesterol" (cholesterol carried in HDL particles, "aka" HDL-C). Prevailing observations indicate that high HDL levels correlate with better overall cardiovascular health, though it remains unclear whether raising HDL levels consequently leads to an increase in cardiovascular health.
A 24 week clinical trial showed that dalcetrapib did increase HDL-C levels, supporting the agent's desired effect. Further, the dal-PLAQUE phase IIb trial found evidence of plaque reduction. Plaque reduction is an anticipated observation following an increase in HDL.
dal-VESSEL phase IIb trial found no evidence of flow-mediated dilatation improvement. A 17% increase of Lp-PLA2 mass level was noted. Lp-PLA2 is associated with coronary heart disease and stroke.
dal-OUTCOMES phase III trial passed its first interim review in July, 2011, however, development was halted on May 7, 2012 “due to a lack of clinically meaningful efficacy.”.
The results of dal-OUTCOMES III were published in November, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20783580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783580" title="1991 Washington Huskies football team">
1991 Washington Huskies football team

The 1991 Washington Huskies football team represented the University of Washington in the 1991 college football season. Head coach Don James, in this 17th season at Washington, was assisted by coordinators Keith Gilbertson (offense) and Jim Lambright (defense), both head coaches themselves within two years.
The 1991 team was arguably the finest team in school history and split the national championship with the Miami Hurricanes, who were also 12–0, and won the AP Poll by four votes, while Washington took the coaches' poll by nine. Washington could not have played Miami in a bowl game because the Pac-10 champion was bound by contract to play in the Rose Bowl against the Big Ten champion. The UW Huskies soundly defeated no. 4 Michigan 34–14 in the 1992 Rose Bowl; the final score differential was narrowed by a late touchdown by Tyrone Wheatley of Michigan. With a minute remaining in the game, Washington was on the Michigan five-yard line, but opted to stay on the ground and run out the clock with the third-string quarterback leading the offense.
With the number one pick of the 1992 NFL Draft on the defensive line, junior Steve Emtman, the 1991 UW Huskies were led by their defense, and are among the most dominant teams in college football history.
Eleven UW Huskies were selected in the 1992 NFL Draft, led by Emtman, a dominating yet under-recruited defensive tackle from Cheney. Emtman won both the Lombardi Award and the Outland Trophy, and finished fourth in the Heisman Trophy balloting, won by Desmond Howard of Michigan. Defensive back Dana Hall was also selected in the first round.
A fantasy article in "Sports Illustrated" titled "The Dream Game" had the Huskies narrowly defeat Miami in a playoff.
Overview.
The Huskies were ranked no. 4 in the 1991 pre-season, and dominated at their six home games within the friendly raucous confines of Husky Stadium, which included two lopsided shutouts. The Dawgs' three closest games in 1991 were on the road: against Nebraska, California, & USC.
Behind 14–6 at halftime in Lincoln on ABC to no. 9 Nebraska in the second game of the season, UW rallied to outscore NU in Lincoln 30–7 in the second half to win by 15, and were graciously applauded at game-end by the Cornhusker fans. In mid-October, the no. 7 Cal Bears were the next-best team in the Pac-10 in 1991; the Huskies won by a touchdown in Berkeley to go to 6–0. In November in Los Angeles, the Huskies entered the game against USC undefeated at 8–0 and won a 14–3 defensive struggle, a second-straight victory over the previously-dominant Trojans.
Many of the points scored against the 1991 Huskies in their other games, including the last touchdown in the Rose Bowl, came in the fourth quarter against the reserves, as head coach Don James was concerned more about meaningful game-time experience for underclassman, rather than victory margins and/or shutouts.
Like the rest of the Pac-10 in 1991, the Huskies played just eight Pac-10 conference games, missing one opponent; they did not play UCLA in 1991 or 1992. The 1991 Bruins finished at 9–3 (6–2 in conference), in the top twenty in both polls (no. 18 and no. 19). UCLA lost to Tennessee of the SEC and both Bay Area teams, Cal and Stanford, but won their bowl game.
Team players in the NFL.
The following UW Huskies were selected in the 1992 NFL Draft:

</doc>
<doc id="20783585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783585" title="Glenn Smith">
Glenn Smith

Grafton Glenard Smith (April 25, 1895 – October 6, 1949) was a professional ice hockey player who played nine games in the National Hockey League. Born in Woodstock, Ontario, he played for the Toronto St. Pats. Smith played junior hockey in Woodstock from 1910 to 1914, when he left to military service. After his return, he played senior hockey in Toronto until 1921. Smith appeared in 9 games during the 1921–22 season, winning the Stanley Cup with Toronto. After his hockey career ended, he retired to the township of East York, in Ontario.
In 1949, Glenn Smith died suddenly at St. Michael's Hospital in Toronto. He was buried October 13, 1949 at Mount Hope Cemetery in Toronto. He had been an editor and publisher of a magazine in the final years of his life.
Career statistics.
Sources: 

</doc>
<doc id="20783598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783598" title="Austin Adams">
Austin Adams

Austin Adams (May 24, 1826 – October 17, 1890) was an American lawyer and justice of the Iowa Supreme Court for twelve years.
Heritage.
Austin Adam's ancestors lived along the hills of the Chums River in Essex, England. Henry Adams, of this family, emigrated to Massachusetts in 1632 with his wife and children. His sons were the ancestors of Samuel Adams, the political philosopher and statesmen; John Adams, second United States president; and Austin Adams.
Austin's father, Jerry Adams, was a successful farmer and clerk of the school district, and served twice in the legislature. He married Dorcas Austin in 1816.
Youth.
Austin Adams was born to Jerry and Dorcas Austin on May 24, 1826, in Andover, Vermont, a country village. His grandparents had secured that school and a church on a corner of their farm in 1794. He retained pleasant memories of the district school, which he attended until he was fourteen. In later years he wrote "older pupils, the young men and women [... not only assisted me in my studies, but their presence and example afforded me inspiration." His family attended the Baptist church on their farm. Adams heard only "dogmatic and terrorizing theology" at the church and it "succeeded in destroying much of the happiness of his childhood."
He showed great interest in law as a boy: "The law had a perfect fascination for me before I was ten years old, and I think before I ever saw a lawyer or a court." He often went to the court house in Woodstock, Vermont to listen to cases.
At age thirteen, his teacher urged his father to give Austin a better education than he could receive at the country school house. At fourteen he was sent to Black River Academy in Ludlow, Vermont, to prepare for college. At age sixteen he began teaching students at the academy, some of whom were older than he was, in the winter while working on his father's farm in the summer.
At nineteen he entered the sophomore class at Dartmouth College; he graduated in 1848. Lighting then was so poor that he lost some of his vision studying, and had to wear spectacles at an early age. "The physical inability to see distinctly increased an introspective state of mind and somewhat blunted the observing powers which he himself regretted."
For the next five years he taught at West Randolph Academy in West Randolph, Vermont, while pursuing his legal studies. Teaching at the academy "perfect his classical studies." He attended Harvard Law School for a short time in 1853. He was admitted to the bar in Woodstock, Vermont, in January 1853 and entered practice with ex-Governor Carlos Coolidge.
Dubuque, Iowa.
When Adams decided to move west, his friends believed that it wouldn't suit him and that he would return early. Despite this, he settled in Dubuque, Iowa in July 1854. "The evening he reached Dubuque [...] he felt that here was to be his life's work." He resided in Dubuque for the rest of his life. Later in life, he said: "I wanted more liberty, a society with more variety than I had ever seen in the East."
After arriving in Dubuque, he began to practice law there.
Like many at the time, he was drawn to seemingly-profitable real-estate investments, and he suffered when their value dropped in the Panic of 1857. He was so affected by this loss that when he was seventy and a friend offered him a share in a promising real-estate investment, he declined, saying "No, I have already had all the profits of real-estate transactions I can afford."
Adams was instrumental in promoting education in Dubuque; he opened an academy, one of the first institutes of secondary education in Dubuque, and taught with Mary Mann, wife of Horace Mann, for six months. During the winter of 1854 he proposed building a public library; he raised funds for it with a series of lectures and solicited donations of books from private libraries.
He actively supported John C. Frémont's campaign for president in 1856. While he didn't naturally like politics, he was strongly committed to early Republican principles.
He helped to organize a Young Men's Christian Association in Dubuque in 1857. For three years he had a Bible class, while a member and a trustee of the Congregational church, and for two years in the Universalist church. One year he had evenings devoted to the study of physical science in the Young Men's Christian Association. He had the subject of geology, and "unrolled the gospel of the storied world to the youth gathered there."
In 1858, after listening to the Lincoln-Douglas debates in Galena, Illinois, he said of Lincoln:
During the American Civil War in 1864, he was secretary of the Sanitary Fair for three months to raise funds for the hospital.
In December 1865, he and ten other gentlemen formed a literary club called "The Round Table". They obtained a room and furnished it with a round table that could fit fifteen people around it. Wendell Phillips and Ralph Waldo Emerson visited it while they were in Dubuque. They were impressed, and later told their friends in Boston about their "find in the West."
Adams was a regent of Iowa State University (ISU) and a trustee of Humboldt College for several years. He was Law Lecturer at the University of Iowa College of Law from 1875 until his death.
Iowa Supreme Court.
Adams had built up an excellent reputation in the 1860s, so when he was chosen to be a justice on the Iowa Supreme Court, the choice was welcomed with widespread approval. He began his term on the Iowa Supreme Court on January 1, 1876, leaving the firm of Adams, Robison & Lacy. He was Chief Justice for four years, from 1880–81 and 1886–87. He was the first Chief Justice to admit a woman to practice in the Iowa Supreme Court. He later commended her for the way she tried the case. As a justice he slowly came to conclusions but then always stood by them. He never tried to appeal to popular opinion in cases. In June 1886 he presided over the opening of the new Supreme Court Rooms. His second term ended December 31, 1887, and he decided not to accept another term.
His decisions can be found in Volumes 42–73 of the "Iowa Reports".
In 1883, Dartmouth honored him with an LL. D.
Personal life.
On September 8, 1857, Austin Adams married Mary K. Newbury, second daughter of Samuel Newbury and Mary Sergeant. Mary Newbury Adams supported the advancement of women and was a member of many progressive and scientific organizations. Austin also enthusiastically supported the advancement of women, particularly women's education.
He enjoyed reading literature as recreation. He usually only read parts of a book—the rest he felt was unneeded.
All biographies praise his personal qualities, calling him a simple, considerate, intelligent man.
Later life.
During the last year of his life, he became fascinated with the natural world. "This year, he more than once said, was the happiest of his life, sustained and soothed by an unfaltering trust in the order and law of the universe." He remained strong mentally until his final hours: he usually read five to six hours a day.
Suffering a prolonged illness, he died at four in the morning in his home in Dubuque, Iowa, on October 17, 1890. He was buried in Linwood Cemetery in Dubuque, Iowa.
His wife later wrote: "His happiness was in the state of his mind, not exterior conditions. [...] He had that peace, that passeth understanding."

</doc>
<doc id="20783611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783611" title="Hormuzan">
Hormuzan

Hormuzan (Middle Persian: Hormazdān, ) was the satrap of Khuzestan, a noble of Median origin and a Marzban as well as one of the Spahbeds at the Battle of al-Qādisiyyah. He was later taken as prisoner by the Muslims at Shushtar in 642.
Biography.
Hormuzan was a wealthy nobleman from Mihrajanqadhaq, who served as satrap of Khuzestan. He was from one of the seven Parthian clans of the Sasanian Empire and was the brother-in-law of Khosrau II and the maternal uncle of Kavadh II. Being proud of this rich heritage Hormuzan was permitted to wear a crown upon his head. However, it was smaller than the Kings. During the advent of Islam, Hormuzan was checking if his province was safe (due to the fact that it was one of the richest in Iran). At the battle of al-Qādisiyyah he commanded the right flank of the army and was defeated. Hormuzan, however, regrouped and fought at the battle of Jalula but also suffered defeat. He then escaped from the region, while many of his forces were captured and killed by the Arab Muslims. In 642 he led the resistance in Shushtar against the Arabs but later surrendered. 
What happened after is being told by George Rawlinson, in summary, as follows:
Hormuzan was then given a pension, but initially refused to convert to Islam in some time. He only converted after being told that he should choose between death and Islam. While in Medina he advised Caliph Umar in making important fiscal and institutional changes. He was killed by the son of Umar after involvement in a plot to kill Umar. His killing was ignored by Uthman, but Ali strongly protested to Uthman and threatened that he would carry out legal punishment for murder if he ever gained the position to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="20783617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783617" title="Canadian sovereignty">
Canadian sovereignty

The sovereignty of Canada is a major cultural matter in Canada. Several issues currently define Canadian sovereignty: the Canadian monarchy, telecommunication, the autonomy of provinces, and Canada's Arctic border.
Canada is a Commonwealth realm, meaning that Queen Elizabeth II is the head of state. However, while several powers are the sovereign's alone, most of the royal constitutional and ceremonial duties in Canada are carried out by the Queen's representative, the Governor General, as such, the Governor General is sometimes referred to as the "de facto" head of state. In each of Canada's provinces the monarch is represented by a lieutenant-governor. The greater autonomy of each province and territory - Canadian federalism - is also important to Canadian sovereignty. Quebec has twice voted about seceding from Canada.
Under Canada's Telecommunications Act, telecommunication carriers must be nationally owned. The most recent issue affecting Canadian sovereignty has been caused by the melting of Arctic ice. As Arctic ice in Northern Canada has melted, several countries have struggled to come to an agreement on who owns certain areas in the oil-rich Arctic.
Canadian monarchy.
Elizabeth II, Queen of Canada, is the sovereign and head of state of Canada, and gives repository of executive power, judicial and legislative power; as expressed in the constitution: the Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen. However, sovereignty in Canada has never rested solely with the monarch due to the English Bill of Rights of 1689, later inherited by Canada, which established the principle of Parliamentary sovereignty in the United Kingdom. Nonetheless, the monarch is still the sovereign of Canada.
In Canada's federal system, the head of state is not a part of either the federal or provincial jurisdictions; the Queen reigns impartially over the country as a whole, meaning the sovereignty of each jurisdiction is passed on not by the Governor General or the Canadian parliament, but through the Crown itself. Canada is a constitutional monarchy. Thus, the Crown is "divided" into eleven legal jurisdictions, eleven "crowns" – one federal and ten provincial. The Fathers of Confederation viewed this system of constitutional monarchy as a bulwark against any potential fracturing of the Canadian federation.
In practice, the sovereign rarely personally exercises her executive, judicial or legislative powers; since the monarch does not normally reside in Canada, she appoints a governor general to represent her and exercise most of her powers. The person who fills this role is selected on the advice of the prime minister. "Advice" in this sense is a choice generally without options since it would be highly unconventional for the prime minister's advice to be overlooked; a convention that protects the monarchy. As long as the monarch is following the advice of her ministers, she is not held personally responsible for the decisions of the government. The governor general has no term limit, and is said to serve "at Her Majesty's pleasure"; however, the practice is for the governor general to be replaced after about five years in the party.
Just as the sovereign's choice of governor general is on the prime minister's advice, the vice-regal figure exercises the executive powers of state on the advice of the ministers of the Crown who make up the Cabinet. The term "the Crown" is used to represent the power of the monarch.
Though the sovereign or viceroy rarely intervene directly in political affairs, the real powers of the position of the monarch in the Canadian Constitution should not be downplayed. The monarch does retain all power, but it must be used with discretion, lest its use cause a constitutional crisis. Placement of power in the sovereign's hands provides a final check on executive power. If, for instance, she believed a proposed law threatened the freedom or security of her citizens, the Queen could decline Royal Assent. Furthermore, armed removal of her by parliament or government would be difficult, as the monarch remains Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces, who swear an oath of allegiance to her. Constitutional scholars such as Senator Eugene Forsey have maintained that the sovereign (the Queen) and Governor General do retain their right to use the Royal Prerogative in exceptional constitutional crisis situations,<br>MacLeod, Kevin S.; "A Crown of Maples: Constitutional Monarchy in Canada"; The Queen in Right of Canada; 2008</ref> though the Canadian public service has stated that such actions may lack democratic legitimacy amongst the Canadian populace coming from an unelected institution. Liberal governments, for their part, have long adhered to the view that the Governor General does not have the right to refuse dissolution from the prime minister.
Monarchy in the Canadian provinces.
In the Canadian federation, the provinces are each a separate jurisdiction of the Canadian Crown, wherein a hereditary monarch is the sovereign and head of state of each province, forming the core of its Westminster style parliamentary democracy. As the institution from which the power of the state flows, the terms "The Crown in Right of "Her Majesty in Right of [Province", and "The Queen in Right of " may also be used to refer to the entire executive of the government in each jurisdiction. As the pinnacle of governance, the authority of the Crown in the province is symbolised through elements included in various government institutions' insignia, as well as their names, such as Court of Queen's Bench and Queen's Printer.
Telecommunications.
Telecommunications play an essential role in the maintenance of Canada’s identity and sovereignty.
Canadian Telecommunications Act.
The Canadian Government has created a law to govern the use of telecommunications. Canada's Telecommunications Act and its policy, which received royal assent on June 23, 1993, prevails over the provisions of any special Act. Some of its objectives are :
Canadian Broadcasting Act.
Furthermore, Canada's Telecommunications Act references the Broadcasting Act which prescribes that broadcasting has an important role in Canadian sovereignty. In fact, the Canadian broadcasting system is legislated to be owned and controlled by Canadians. In this case, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC), inaugurated November 2, 1936, has had the role of representing Canadians. CBC was established by the Broadcasting Act which received royal assent on June 23, 1936 (Statutes of Canada, 1 Edward VIII, Chap. 24) following "a Royal Commission that was concerned about the growing American influence in radio." Radios, television and the CBC have significantly helped reunite Canadians and build its sovereignty.
Provincial autonomy.
Quebec sovereignty movement.
The Quebec sovereignty movement () is a political movement aimed at attaining independent statehood (sovereignty) for the Canadian province of Quebec.
In practice, "separatism", "independence" and "sovereignty" are all used to describe the goal of having the province of Quebec leave Canada to become a country on its own, with future possibilities of various collaborations with Canada. However, sovereignty is the term most commonly employed.
The most apparent reason for separatism is Quebec having a Francophone or predominantly (80%) French-speaking (French-Canadian or Québécois) majority, as compared to the rest of Canada which consists of eight overwhelmingly (greater than 90%) English-speaking provinces and New Brunswick which is officially bilingual and about one-third French-speaking. The territory of Nunavut speaks mostly Inuktitut. The origins and evolution of the movement are actually fairly complex and extend beyond simply language issues. Some scholars may point to historical events as framing the cause for ongoing support for sovereignty in Quebec, while more contemporary pundits and political actors may point to the aftermath of more recent developments like the Meech Lake Accord or the Charlottetown Accord.
Quebec referendum, 1995.
The 1995 Quebec referendum was the second referendum to ask voters in the Canadian province of Quebec whether Quebec should secede from Canada and become an independent state, through the question:
The 1995 referendum differed from the first referendum on Quebec's sovereignty in that the 1980 question proposed to negotiate "sovereignty-association" with the Canadian government, while the 1995 question proposed "sovereignty", along with an "optional" partnership offer to the rest of Canada.
The referendum took place in Quebec on October 30, 1995, and the motion to decide whether Quebec should secede from Canada was defeated by a very narrow margin of 50.58% "No" to 49.42% "Yes". 
Arctic border.
Under international law, no country currently owns the North Pole or the region of the Arctic Ocean surrounding it. The five surrounding Arctic states, Russia, the United States (via Alaska), Canada, Norway and Denmark (via Greenland), are limited to a economic zone around their coasts.
Upon ratification of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, a country has a ten-year period to make claims to extend its 200 nautical mile zone. Due to this, Norway (ratified the convention in 1996), Russia (ratified in 1997), Canada (ratified in 2003) and Denmark (ratified in 2004) launched projects to base claims that certain Arctic sectors should belong to their territories. The United States has signed, but not yet ratified this treaty, although George W. Bush asked the United States Senate to ratify it on May 15, 2007 and on October 31, 2007, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 17-4 to send the ratification vote to the full US Senate.
The status of the Arctic sea region is in dispute. While Canada, Denmark, Russia and Norway all regard parts of the Arctic seas as "national waters" or "internal waters", the United States and most European Union countries officially regard the whole region as international waters (see Northwest Passage).

</doc>
<doc id="20783623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783623" title="Oceanarium Bournemouth">
Oceanarium Bournemouth

Oceanarium Bournemouth is an aquarium located on the seafront in Bournemouth, England. It offers visitors a journey around the waters of the world. 10 recreated environments include the Amazon, Key West, the Mediterranean, Abyss, and the Great Barrier Reef.
World’s First Interactive Dive Cage.
The Oceanarium is home to the world’s first Interactive Dive Cage, which submerges users in a 270-degree virtual view of the ocean. Interactive touch technology brings visitors up close to computer generated sea creatures including a dolphin, manta ray and shark through a series of animated experiences, games and challenges. It also features an amazing encounter with a blue whale that swallows the Cage, taking visitors on a journey through its digestive system.
Global Meltdown.
Launched in June 2008, the Oceanarium’s interactive feature, Global Meltdown, looks into the potential effects of global warming. Visitors are transported to an imagined time in the future when sea levels have risen to such an extent that tropical fish and sharks swim through the streets of London.
State-of-the-art displays show visitors the effects their actions may have on ocean levels and allows them to record personal pledges to reduce their carbon footprint via a special interactive video pledge wall.
Creatures.
The Oceanarium is home to hundreds of creatures from across the globe, including:
green sea turtles, clownfish, piranha, guitar fish, bass, bream, regal tang, lionfish, moray eel, pufferfish, southern stingrays, cownose rays, horn sharks, zebra sharks, red devil cichlids, upside-down catfish, spiny-tailed lizards.
History.
The Oceanarium welcomes in excess of 225,000 visitors per year and in November 2008, the Oceanarium was announced as Tourism Attraction Experience of the Year at Bournemouth’s annual Tourism Awards.
The attraction is owned by Spanish leisure giant Parques Reunidos, who operate 67 parks across the world. Parques Reunidos’ UK parks comprise Oceanarium, Blackpool Zoo, and Lakes Aquarium (formerly Aquarium of the Lakes).

</doc>
<doc id="20783625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783625" title="Morris Creek Wildlife Management Area">
Morris Creek Wildlife Management Area

Morris Creek Wildlife Management Area, is located near Clendenin, West Virginia in Clay and Kanawha counties. Located on of steeply forested woodlands, the Morris Creek WMA can be accessed from Morris Creek Road north of Clendenin, or from Leatherwood Creek Road south of Clendenin.
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities in the Morris Creek WMA include deer, bear, squirrel, turkey.
The excellent fishing opportunities are available in the Elk River, including bass, catfish, muskellunge, and walleye. Boat ramps are provided north of Clendenin at Queen Shoals and at the Clendenin Water Plant.
Camping is not available in the WMA. Camping is available at Kanawha State Forest, about 30 miles south near Charleston.

</doc>
<doc id="20783626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783626" title="Juan Figer">
Juan Figer

Juan Figer Svirski is an Uruguayan-Brazilian football agent. His organisation, MJF Publicidade e Promoções S/C Ltda, represent, amongst others, Brazilian footballers Robinho, Júlio Baptista, Alex, Zé Roberto, and Europeans Luís Figo and Marcos Senna. He is co-owner of the firm with Wagner Ribeiro.
Figer has been involved in most of the South American footballers transfer.
Business deals.
He works very closely with Turkish Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe club chairman Aziz Yıldırım.
Transfers he has brokered include:
Clients he represents, past and present, include:

</doc>
<doc id="20783629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783629" title="Carland Cross">
Carland Cross

Carland Cross is a location in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, about six miles (10 kilometres) north of Truro at OS grid reference . The area comprises a hamlet and a large wind farm.
Road junction.
Immediately north of the settlement, Carland Cross traffic roundabout is the junction of the A39 and the A30 trunk road. To the east of the roundabout, the A30 is a dual carriageway road: to the west the A30 is single carriageway and to the south the A39 is also single carriageway. There is motorists' services area, including a filling station, by the roundabout.
Wind farm.
"Carland Cross wind farm" is to the north of the A30 with road access from the roundabout. It is the second oldest windfarm in the UK after Delabole, and was built in 1992. It has 15 turbines manufactured by Vestas with a capacity of 6MW. Plans by the Spanish owned operator, Scottish Power, to upgrade and expand the wind farm to 20MW are opposed by a local pressure group called RATS (Residents Against Turbines). However, the repowering was approved in May 2012 and was due to be completed by early 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20783639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783639" title="IP reader">
IP reader

IP reader is an electronic security device designed to identify users and control entry to or exit from protected areas.
Operation.
An IP reader has two features that distinguish it from other access control readers:
The first IP reader was introduced in 1999 by Isonas Security Systems Inc. 
HID Global, one of the major manufacturers in access control reader and card business, followed the move into network-based security systems only 8 years later, by introduction of the Edge IP reader family in 2007.
Biometric reader manufacturers Sagem Securite and Suprema Inc. also added IP readers to their product line-up.
Impact on the security market.
IP readers have a potential to make a significant impact on the security market if open communication standards existed. Currently most access control systems utilize proprietary communication protocols, which effectively eliminate the freedom of choice: once a decision to install a certain access control system is made, the end-user is locked into buying the same brand of readers, controllers, cards, software and receiving service from the dealer that has exclusive rights to represent that particular brand in the area. Hardware and software of different manufacturers is not compatible. 
If open communication standards were supported by access control manufacturers, the IP reader market segment could enjoy the growth similar to IP cameras. Having a standard hardware platform would increase interoperability between systems, allow end-users to take advantage of new technologies without the need to replace already installed systems and pave the way towards fully integrated security systems offering superior set of features.

</doc>
<doc id="20783642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783642" title="Marldon">
Marldon

Marldon is a village in the South Hams in Devon, United Kingdom, lying just west of Paignton. It is the easternmost Civil Parish in the South Hams. Its population is about 2,300.
History.
Church records date back to 1598. Marldon was a small village until the 1960s when major residential development took place.
Marldon is known locally for its Apple Pie fair, which originated in the nineteenth century and was revived in 1958.
Amenities.
Marldon has a village hall which hosts a women's institute that meets monthly.

</doc>
<doc id="20783647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783647" title="Calochortus bruneaunis">
Calochortus bruneaunis

Calochortus bruneaunis is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common name Bruneau mariposa lily. It is native to the western United States from California to Montana, where it generally grows in dry, brushy areas. This is a perennial herb producing a mostly unbranching stem up to 40 centimeters tall. The leaf at the base of the stem is narrow in shape, reaching 10 to 20 centimeters long and withering away at flowering. The inflorescence bears 1 to 4 erect bell-shaped flowers. The pointed sepals and larger, rounded petals are white to lilac-tinted in base color. The sepals are marked with a reddish or greenish spot or streak toward their bases and the petals have a greenish streak on the outer surface and a base of yellow, purple, and red coloration on the inner surface. The fruit is a narrow, angled capsule up to 7 centimeters long. It contains several flat, yellow seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20783664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783664" title="Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Depot (Madison, South Dakota)">
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Depot (Madison, South Dakota)

The Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Depot was built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road) in 1906. It is located at the south end of the business district in Madison, South Dakota. The building is a rectangular single-story brick structure. It housed men's and women's waiting rooms, a lunch room ("beanery"), station agent's office, and a freight room. Rather than being a wood-frame building, as was usual for smaller, rural stations, the depot at Madison was built of brick. 
The Milwaukee Road first entered Madison in the 1881. In 1906 it built the new depot. It functioned as a passenger station until 1953. The building was still used by the railroad as offices and a freight agency. In 1979, before The Milwaukee Road went bankrupt, the depot was closed. After the bankruptcy, the BNSF Railway bought the property and the rail line. It continued to use the depot for freight and storage until 1981. BNSF then closed the depot for good. In 1989, the depot was bought by local citizens who then turned it over to the local Chamber of Commerce for use as its new office. 
The depot was listed in the National Register of Historic Places because of its architecture and also because of its association with the development of Madison.

</doc>
<doc id="20783669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783669" title="1943 Northwestern Wildcats football team">
1943 Northwestern Wildcats football team

The 1943 Northwestern Wildcats football team represented the Northwestern University in the 1943 college football season.

</doc>
<doc id="20783674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783674" title="Kejsi Tola">
Kejsi Tola

Kejsi Tola (Born 5 February 1992 in Tirana, Albania) is an Albanian singer. She was the winner of "Ethet" (Albanian Idol 2007). In May 2009 she represented Albania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia with "Carry Me In Your Dreams".
Biography and career.
Her career started when she was 11 years old in the talent show "Young Voices of Albania", winning the first prize, and two time winner of the "Young Voices of Shkodra".
In the first competition of "Gjeniu i Vogël" (Young Geniuses) she was one of the ten finalists. After a short break, at the age of 16, she entered "Ethet", Albanian version of Idol where after more than 2 months of competition, she was awarded as the winner. Later in 2008 winner of the Albanian Radio Television Song Contest with the song "Më merr në ëndërr" (Take me into your dreams), which later was released in English with the new title "Carry Me In Your Dreams".
She is currently studying in the artistic lyceum of Jordan Misja in Tirana.
Festivali i Këngës 2008, Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
Tola represented Albania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Russia after winning the national final on December 21. She finished 17th with 48 points. Her song for the competition was called Carry Me in Your Dreams. Kejsi's entry has been submitted by Edmond Zhulali who was responsible for the nations very first Eurovision entry The Image of You in Eurovision Song Contest 2004 performed by Anjeza Shahini.
“I love singing and this is very important for me. Music gives me an inner strength, which I sometimes don’t show up in my daily life, but that comes out when on stage.” These are the words of Kejsi waiting to sing her dream in the Olimpiyski Indoor Arena in Moscow.
Festivali i Këngës 2009.
Tola attempted to enter the Eurovision Song Contest again in 2010, for the second consecutive time, by participating in Festivali i Këngës 2009 on 27 December 2009. But she placed just 15th with her ballad "Ndonjëherë". Kejsi tried once more to represent Albania for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany. However, her mid-tempo song "Pranë" did not go through the second semi-final during the selection process.
Festivali i Këngës 2012.
In 2012, Tola attempted to enter the Eurovision Song Contest for third time in 2013. Her song is called "S'jemi më atje" (Eng.We're not there anymore). She finished 4th with 42 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20783682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783682" title="Borda da Mata">
Borda da Mata

Borda da Mata is a municipality in Minas Gerais, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20783687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783687" title="Ouyang Kunpeng">
Ouyang Kunpeng

Ouyang Kunpeng (; born November 19, 1982 in Jiangxi) is a Chinese swimmer and China's top male backstroker, holding the Chinese record in the long course and short course 50m, 100m, and 200m backstroke.
In May 2008, he was banned for life from the sport for a positive anti-doping test. In July 2008, FINA announced his lifetime ban by the Chinese Swimming Association with a posting on their anti-doping website. As of December 2010, this posting has been updated with a change of the ban from lifetime to 2-years.
In December 2010, an AP report surfaced which indicated that his lifetime ban had been converted to a more-conventional 2-year ban; however, Ouyang was experience difficulties in return to competition in China, where the lifetime ban originated and was still in place.
Personal bests.
In long course

</doc>
<doc id="20783688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783688" title="Islampur subdivision">
Islampur subdivision

Islampur subdivision is a subdivision of the North Dinajpur district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Islampur municipality, Dalkhola municipality and five community development blocs: Chopra, Goalpokhar–I, Goalpokhar–II, Islampur and Karandighi. The five blocks contain 59 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Islampur.
Area.
Apart from the Islampur municipality and Dalkhola municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 59 gram panchayats under five community development blocs: Chopra, Goalpokhar–I, Goalpokhar–II, Islampur and Karandighi. Dalkhola was a census town under Karandighi block, as noted in census 2001, but it was promoted to a municipality in 2003. There is no urban area under any of these five blocks now.
Blocks.
Chopra block.
Rural area under Chopra block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Chopra, Daspara, Haptiagachh, Majhiali, Chutiakhore, Ghirnigaon, Lakhipur and Sonapur. Chopra police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chopra.
Goalpokhar – I block.
Rural area under Goalpokhar–I block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Dharampur–I, Goti, Lodhan, Sahapur–I, Dharampur–II, Goalpokhar, Mahua, Sahapur–II, Goagachh–I, Jaingaon, Panjipara, Goagachh–II, Khagore and Pokharia. Goalpokhar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Goalpokhar.
Goalpokhar – II block.
Rural area munder Goalpokhar–II block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Belon, Kanki, Sahapur–I, Surjapur–II, Baidyanandapur, Nijampur–I, Sahapur–II, Toriyal, Chakjullia, Nijampur–II and Surjapur–I. Goalpokhar and Chakalia police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chakuliahat.
Islampur block.
Rural area under Islampur block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Agdimti–Khanti, Gunjaria, Matikunda–II, Ramganj–II, Gaisal–I, Islampur, Panditpota–I, Gaisal–II, Kamalgaon–Sujali, Panditpota–II, Gobindapur, Matikunda–I and Ramganj–I. Islampur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Islampur.
Karandighi block.
Rural area under Karandighi block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Altapur–I, Dalkhola–I, Lahutara–I, Rasakhowa–II, Altapur–II, Domohona, Lahutara–II, Bazargaon–I, Karandighi–I, Raniganj, Bazargaon–II, Karandighi–II and Rasakhowa–I. Karandighi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Karnadighi.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the Islampur municipality and eleven gram panchayats under the Islampur block, viz. Agdimti–Khanti, Gaisal–I, Gaisal–II, Gunjaria, Islampur, Matikunda–I, Matikunda–II, Panditpota–I, Panditpota–II, Ranganj–I and Ranganj–II together will constitute the Islampur assembly constituency of West Bengal. The other two gram panchayats under the Islampur block, viz. Kamalgaon–Sujali and Gobindapur will form the Chopra assembly constituency along with the area under the Chopra block. The Goalpokhar–I block will form the Goalpokhar assembly constituency. The Goalpokhar–II block and two gram panchayats under the Karandighi block, viz. Bazargaon–I and Bazargaon–II will together constitute the Chakulia assembly constituency. The rest of the gram panchayats under the Karandighi block will together constitute the Karandighi assembly constituency. Chopra constituency will be part of the Darjeeling (Lok Sabha constituency), whereas the other four assembly constituencies will be part of the Raiganj (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20783703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783703" title="Mount Royal Collegiate">
Mount Royal Collegiate

Mount Royal Collegiate Institute is located on the west side of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada in Mount Royal. It serves students from grades 9 through 12. It is also known as "Mount Royal", "Royal", or simply "MRCI".
Sports.
The school fields athletic teams are known as the Mustangs.
Royal West Campus.
Royal West Campus holds classes at the former Estey elementary school which is located nearby at 441 Witney Avenue North. 

</doc>
<doc id="20783705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783705" title="Croxall Hall">
Croxall Hall

Croxall Hall is a restored and extended 16th century manor house situated in the small village of Croxall, Staffordshire (close to the southeastern border with Derbyshire and historically part of it). It is a Grade II* listed building.
The manor of Croxall was owned by the Curzon Family, who rebuilt the old manor house in the late 16th century.
Owners.
The Curzon Family.
Croxall, then in Derbyshire, was one of 140 Derbyshire Manors granted to Henry de Ferrers following the Norman Conquest of 1066. 
Croxall, together with the Manors of Edingale, Twyford and Kedleston were granted to Richard De Curzon; Richard was son of Giraline De Courson, a Breton who had fought in the conquest. 
The family were originally linked with the town of Notre-Dame-de-Courson in France.
The family held the manors under the Ferrers Family until 1266 when, after the 6th Earl's rebellion against the King, the Ferrers' lands came under the Duchy of Lancaster. The family held the Manors under the Duchy until the end of the 14th century, after which time they held them direct from the crown. 
Richard De Curzon had a son Robert, whom himself had 3 sons: Richard, Thomas and Robert. Richard was left Croxall, Edingale and Twyford, and is from whom the Curzons of Croxall are descended; Thomas was left Kedleston, and is from whom the Curzons of Kedleston are descended. The third son, known as Robert of Courçon, became a celebrated Cardinal, and was a school colleague and friend of Pope Innocent III.
The division of property caused dispute. Thomas had been left Kedleston by his father, but his grandmother, Alice (formerly De Somerville), claimed she had been left the Manor by her husband. The depute was solved by giving Croxall Manor to Alice for the duration of her life, after which time it passed back to Richard.
The Manor of Twyford was conveyed to John Creweker in 1421, leaving the Curzons with the two adjoining manors of Croxall and Edingale. 
It's not known when the Curzon family took up residence at Croxall; There has been a house on the site since before they took ownership; however, the earliest known Curzon graves within the parish church date from the 14th Century. 
The Manor was the childhood home of Joyce Curzon (later known as Lady De Appleby, and then as Mrs. Joyce Lewis), a Protestant Martyr who, in 1557, was burned at the stake in the Market Place in Lichfield. This was part of the Marian persecutions of Queen Mary (Bloody Mary).
Later Owners.
The property passed to the Sackville family, The Earls, and later, Dukes of Dorset, following the death of the last male Curzon, Sir George Curzon, in 1622. George's daughter, and heiress, Mary Curzon, brought the property through her marriage to Edward Sackville, 4th Earl of Dorset.
The Sackvilles spent less and less time at Croxall and by the mid-18th century, there is evidence they were renting the Hall to local farmers.
In about 1779 the manor was sold by John Sackville, 3rd Duke of Dorset to John Prinsep a wealthy East India merchant and later Member of Parliament.
The method of this sale is unclear, with some evidence suggesting Prinsep acquired the Hall as the result of a bet/wager.
His son Thomas Prinsep, (High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1802), left the estate to his nephew Thomas Levett of Wychnor Hall who thereupon changed his name to Thomas Levett-Prinsep.
By 1920, the Levett-Prinsep family had fallen on hard times; they were forced to sell the Croxall Estate and later moved to Devon. The estate was subsequently split up.
In 1930 the Hall and 100 acres of land were purchased by Captain Charlton and his wife Edith who used it as a farm.
On 7th November 1942, their Son, Major Nicholas Charlton, and his wife, Ethel, were killed when a fire broke out at the Hall. Edith Charlton only escaped by climbing from a window, down the ivy that covered the building. The fire resulted in the demolition of the west wing of the Hall.
In 1953 the Hall was sold to a local businessman, Jim Rose of Tamworth; he and his family gradually restored what remained of the hall.
History.
Architectural History.
There has been a house on the site since "very early times"; at least since the Norman Conquest.
Little is known of the Pre-Tudor Manor Houses, other than that it was surrounded by a moat.
The present brick-built house dates from Elizabethan Times, and was built in the traditional Tudor E shape. 
The Dorset (Sackville) Family had ceased residing at the Hall by the 19th century and it began to fall into disrepair; it was subsequently sold to The Levett-Prinsep Family but the decline continued, and 1868 was being used as a farm house.
The property was damaged by fire in 1868, but over the following 4 years, the Levett-Princep's subsequently restored and extended the Hall, with the architect Joseph Potter of Lichfield. 
The Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway passes within a mile of the Hall; The Hall was previously served by its own railway station: Croxall railway station, which closed in 1928. 
The house was again fire damaged in 1942. The fire killed the owner's son and daughter-in-law. The fire destroyed the west wing of the house, including the Library and Long Gallery. As the country was in the midst of World War II, restoration was not possible, and the wing was demolished.
After sale to the Rose family in 1953, what remained of the house was gradually restored.
Famous Visitors.
Mary Queen of Scots is supposed to have stayed at the Hall for one night during her time imprisoned in various Derbyshire houses.
Queen Henrietta Maria, wife of King Charles I, stayed at the Hall in one of the bedrooms in the wing demolished following the fire of 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20783711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783711" title="Shenandoah (magazine)">
Shenandoah (magazine)

Shenandoah: The Washington and Lee Review is a major literary magazine published by Washington and Lee University.
History.
Originally a student-run quarterly, "Shenandoah" has evolved into a triannual literary journal edited by author R. T. Smith.
"Shenandoah" was founded in 1949 by a group of Washington and Lee University faculty members, including English professor Samuel Ashley Brown, who published the fiction and poetry of undergraduates including Tom Wolfe. From the 60's to the 80's, W&L faculty member James Boatwright expanded the journal and published occasional theme issues, including a 35th anniversary anthology. In 1995, R. T. Smith was selected as the first full-time editor of the journal, which is now published triannually.
"Shenandoah" is funded and supported by Washington and Lee University through the Office of the Dean of the College and is located in Mattingly House on W&L's campus. The magazine maintains a board of university advisors who offer guidance and advice, and the current editor maintains an intern program in which undergraduate students work for the journal and learn the craft of editing as an academic course in the English Department.
Recent contributors include Wendell Berry, Joyce Carol Oates, Jacob M. Appel, Speer Morgan, Lee Smith, Claudia Emerson and Rita Dove. This list complements a long history of literary luminaries who have been published in "Shenandoah" such as W. H. Auden, James Merrill, Ezra Pound, William Faulkner, E. E. Cummings, and Flannery O'Connor.
Shenandoah's first online version was published in 2011.
Contests and prizes.
"Shenandoah" hosts several prestigious annual contests: the James Boatwright III Prize for Poetry, the Goodheart Prize for Fiction, the Thomas H. Carter Prize for the Essay, The "Shenandoah"/Glasgow Prize for Emerging Writers, and the Graybeal-Gowan Prize for Virginia Writers.
All poems published in "Shenandoah" in a given year are eligible for consideration for the annual James Boatwright III Prize($1000) and stories are eligible for the annual $1,000 Goodheart Prize. The Thomas H. Carter Prize for the Essay ($1,000) is awarded for the best non-fiction worked published in a calendar year. There is no "submission" process per se for these contests.

</doc>
<doc id="20783713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783713" title="William B. Conover">
William B. Conover

William Borden Conover (October 10, 1865 – December 9, 1947) was an American Republican Party politician, who served on the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 1907 to 1910. Conover, a Middletown resident served as Director of the Board the entire four years and was the first Republican to serve in that capacity in Monmouth County.
Biography.
In the 1905 general election, the voters of Monmouth County approved changing the Board of Chosen Freeholders from 24 members elected by townships and wards to five members elected at-large. The new board was to be elected in the 1906 election.
Republicans swept all five seats, defeating a Democratic ticket consisting of five incumbent freeholders, including Director John Guire. The Republicans held the monopoly on the board for four years before being swept out in the Democratic landslide of 1910. Rumson Democrat John M. Corlies would succeed William B. Conover as director.

</doc>
<doc id="20783718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20783718" title="Asian Men's Youth Handball Championship">
Asian Men's Youth Handball Championship

The Asian Men's Youth Handball Championship is the official competition for youth men's national handball teams of Asia, and takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the Asian champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the Youth World Championship.

</doc>
