<doc id="20756660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756660" title="John MacWhirter">
John MacWhirter

John MacWhirter, (27 March 1839 Slateford, Water of Leith - 28 January 1911 London) was a Scottish landscape painter.
Biography.
John was the third of four children. He attended a school in Colinton, and after his father's death was apprenticed to "Oliver & Boyd", booksellers in Edinburgh. He stayed there for only a few months and then in 1851 enrolled at the Trustees Academy under Robert Scott Lauder and John Ballantyne (1815–97). He spent long periods sketching and studying nature outdoors. His first painting to be exhibited at the Royal Scottish Academy at age 14, was 'Old Cottage at Braid'. In 1880, he was made an Honorary Member of the Royal Scottish Academy. Exploring and painting abroad he visited Italy, Sicily, Switzerland, Austria, Turkey, Norway and the U.S.A. - the Alps being a great inspiration. He moved to London in 1867 and on 4 May 1893 was elected a Royal Academician.
MacWhirter specialised in romantic landscapes with a great fondness for trees, spending much time in the hilly countryside of Perthshire. Initially, under the influence of John Everett Millais, he experimented with the detailed images of the Pre-Raphaelites, but later adopted a more sweeping style. With John Pettie he illustrated "The Postman's Bag" (Strahan, 1862), and "Wordsworth's Poetry for the Young" (Strahan, 1863).
He married 'Katie' Catherine Cowan Menzies (1843-) in 1872, her brother-in-law Rev James McFarlan officiating. The couple lived at 1 Abbey Road, St. John's Wood in the 1870s, and had two daughters and two sons:
MacWhirter has paintings in several British Collections including Royal Holloway University of London, Cheltenham and Derby Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="20756664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756664" title="Aminagad">
Aminagad


</doc>
<doc id="20756666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756666" title="Charles Kondi Agba">
Charles Kondi Agba

Charles Kondi Agba (born 26 August 1948) is a Togolese politician who served in the government of Togo from 1999 to 2008. He again served in the government as Minister of Health from 2011 to 2013.
Life and career.
Agba was born in Kabou, located in Bassar Prefecture, and studied to become a veterinary doctor. From 1990 to 1999, he was the Togolese ambassador to Senegal, Cape Verde, France, and the Order of Malta, as well as Permanent Representative to UNESCO and the Food and Agriculture Organization. He was then appointed to the government as Minister of Health in June 1999. He was moved to the post of Minister of Agriculture and Research on 5 July 2002, then to the post of Minister of Higher Education and Research on 29 July 2003. As of 2004, he was also President of the Togolese National Commission for UNESCO. On 20 June 2005, he was promoted to the position of Minister of State for Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, and Fishing; he was instead appointed as Minister of State for Health on 20 September 2006.
In the October 2007 parliamentary election, Agba was the first candidate on the candidate list of the Rally of the Togolese People (RPT) in Lomé, the capital. He won the last of the five available seats, becoming the only RPT candidate to be elected in Lomé; he remained in the government that was formed after the election, however, and continued to serve as Minister of State for Health until 15 September 2008, when he was dismissed from the government.
Agba was again appointed to the government as Minister of Health in June 2011. He remained in that post until he was dismissed from the government on 17 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20756675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756675" title="Asangi">
Asangi

Demographics.
This village is surrounded by two streams one to the East and another to the West, a hill to the South and The River Krishna, the largest and longest in South India to the North.Flood waters in 2006 had caused a substantial loss to the standing crops. Agriculture is the main occupation of the villagers the most of them are agricultural labours. A very few families enjoy the land ownership. Sugarcane is the major cash crop followed by turmeric, maize, wheat, etc.
A well known Jain Mandir (Temple)built up with white and brown stones is a unique feature of this village. Idols of SHREE 1008 BHAGAWAN ADINATH THEERTHANKAR and SHREE 1008 BHAGAWAN MALLINATH THEERTHANKAR are worshiped. Late Shree Bhujaballi Naggappa Kuchanur and Shree Ramappa Appanna Kori, the legends of the village had sacrificed their whole life in the construction of the said Mandir as well as organizing Panchakalyan Pooja in 1984 and subsequent poojas. They left no stone unturned during their childhood even fed a section of people belonging to their society during the drought catastrophe in 1972. Many educated persons from the village have gone abroad and settled there. The philanthropic activities are continued and downtrodden communities are taken care by the upper class religions more specifically Jain Religion.

</doc>
<doc id="20756676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756676" title="Gulidjan people">
Gulidjan people

The Gulidjan, also known as the "Colac tribe", "Colijan", "Colagdians", "Kolakgnat", are an indigenous Australian tribe whose traditional lands cover the Lake Colac region of Victoria, Australia. They occupied the grasslands, woodlands, volcanic plains and lakes region east of Lake Corangamite, west of the Barwon River and north of the Otway Ranges. Their territory bordered the Wada wurrung to the north, Djargurd Wurrung to the west, Girai Wurrung to the south-west, and Gadubanud to the south-east.
History.
The Gulidjan, like other Victorian tribes, lived for tens of thousands of years carrying out a semi-nomadic subsistence lifestyle with a system of lore and spirituality interwoven with a sense of place and their role in the geographical landscape.
The Gulidjan people were hit hard by the European invasion and settlement with most of their lands occupied by squatters by 1838, just 3 years after the Foundation of Melbourne. The Gulidjan actively resisted settlement by driving off livestock and raiding stations. Such raids inevitably brought retribution by parties of settlers with violent clashes ensuing. Ian Clark reports on three documented attacks in 1839-1840 resulting in aboriginal deaths. More often squatters destroyed campsites and took implements as revenge.
The deaths of Joseph Gellibrand and George Hesse in 1837 - their fate remains a mystery to this day - were blamed on the Gulidjan with retribution delivered by a settler party accompanied by several Wada wurrung people killing several Gulidjan people.
In September 1837 Gulidjan numbers were estimated at between 35 and 40, with their numbers staying relatively stable into the 1850s where their population was estimated at 78 (43 males and 35 females). With the influx of people searching for gold in the Victorian gold rush during the early 1850s, by 1857 only 16 Gulidjan survived according to Aldo Massola. Causes of this decline were identified in 1862 as starvation due to European occupation of the best grassed areas of their lands; European diseases such as chicken pox, measles and influenza; association with convicts; and tribal enmity.
The Reverend Francis Tuckfield from the Weslayan Mission Society established a mission station at Birregurra called Buntingdale on the border of Gulidjan, Gadubanud and Wada Wurrung territory in 1838. Early conflicts between the Gulidjan and Wada Wurrung peoples at the mission persuaded the missionaries to concentrate on one language group - the Gulidjan - in 1842. His efforts at converting the Gulidjan to Christian values and a sedentary lifestyle did not meet with much success, and the mission was closed in 1848 with the Government cancelled the grazing licence in 1850.
In the 1860s a small reserve was established on the Barwon River at Winchelsea for the Gulidjan people. The reserve became known as Karngun and was maintained until 1875. A house was built for them on the present Colac hospital site, but they preferred living in their traditional mia-mias. In 1872 16 hectares of land were reserved at Elliminyt, south of Colac for the Gulidjan with a brick house erected on the site. The Gulidjan preferred to use the house as a windbreak. Richard Sharp and Jim Crow, both Gulidjan people, established working leases on the site, and their families continued to hold their respective lots until 1948 when the land was sold by the Victorian Lands Department. Descendants of these families continue to live in the local area.
Society.
The Gulidjan are a matrilineal society who intermarried with the Djab Wurrung, Djargurd Wurrung and Wada wurrung and also had interaction with the Gudabanud. Each person belonged to a moiety of Gabadj (Black Cockatoo) or Guragidj (White Cockatoo).
Clans.
Prior to European settlement, 4 separate clans existed
Language.
The Gulidjan language was first identified in 1839, although much of the detail and vocabulary has been lost, there is sufficient to confirm that it constituted a separate language. About 100 words of the Gulidjan language have survived. Some analysis suggests it may be a mixed language or creole language having something in common with each of the neighboring languages. Earliest sources refer to the language as Gulidjan, although James Dawson favoured 'Kolakgnat' which means 'belonging to sand'.

</doc>
<doc id="20756680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756680" title="Bathpool, Cornwall">
Bathpool, Cornwall

Bathpool () is a hamlet in east Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is situated in the River Lynher valley on the south-east fringe of Bodmin Moor, about five miles (8 kilometres) north-west of Callington.

</doc>
<doc id="20756682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756682" title="Kilkenny RFC">
Kilkenny RFC

Kilkenny RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Kilkenny, County Kilkenny. They play in Division Two of the Leinster League. The club colours are black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="20756691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756691" title="Belagali">
Belagali

There are two villages in the Belagali Gram Panchayat: Belagali and Mahalingapur (Rural).
Amruteshwrara Temple.
Belagali is famous for the Amruteshwrara Temple built during the Chalukyan empire.
and it is birth place of great poet ranna.
Demographics.
In the 2001 India census, Belagali had a population of 15,041, with 7,582 males and 7,459 females.
In the 2011 census, the population of Belagali was reported as 17,175.

</doc>
<doc id="20756694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756694" title="Bevoor">
Bevoor

Demographics.
This is the place where G.G.Karyappaw born too.

</doc>
<doc id="20756695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756695" title="Shorts (2009 film)">
Shorts (2009 film)

Shorts (also known as Shorts: The Adventures of the Wishing Rock poster title or Shorts: A Not-So-Tall Tale trailer title) is a 2009 American family comedy/adventure film written and directed by Robert Rodriguez. It was released in the United States on August 21, 2009. A Nintendo DS video game of the same name was announced on June 23, 2009, with a prospective July release date in advance of the movie.
Plot.
Episode 0.
The movie starts before the logo with twins (Cambell Westmoreland and Zoe Webb) who decide to have a staring contest. The game continues throughout the course of the movie as a running gag. Both brother and sister lose because their mom snapped her fingers in front of their faces, causing both to blink at the same time. As they wondered who won the game they began a new round, which starts the logo and begins the film.
Episode 2.
Toby "Toe" Thompson (Jimmy Bennett) begins telling the story from his point of view and explaining The Black Box Inc, where the "Black Box", a small cube that can fill any technological need is created. Toe is regularly bullied by Helvetica "Hel" Black (Jolie Vanier) and her brother Colbert "Cole" (Devon Gearhart). Toe speculates in front of everyone that Hel loves him, which infuriates Hel and ends with Toe head first in a trash can.
As Toe walks home, Cole and his gang chase him into a construction site and start throwing rocks. Cole throws a rainbow-colored rock at Toe and hits him in the head. Toe picks up the rock, and upon hearing a voice telling him to make a wish, he wishes for friends, which come in the form of tiny aliens. Toe takes the aliens to school, which leads to a series of events ending with Toe and Hel falling from the school's roof and breaking their arms. The aliens decide to leave, but Toe keeps the rock.
Episode 1.
During a thunderstorm, the rainbow-colored rock falls out of the sky, and lands in the forest behind the Short's House. The three brothers, Loogie (Trevor Gagnon), Laser (Leo Howard), and Lug (Rebel Rodriguez) follow a rainbow and go looking for a pot of gold, but instead find the rock. Loogie picks it up and wishes that he knew what it was, and a voice tells him that it is a Wishing Rock. Loogie then proceeds to wish for a fortress with a canyon filled with crocodiles and snakes around it. Laser wants to use it wisely, such as wishing for world peace. The brothers get into a tug of war and the rock falls into the canyon. The brothers venture to retrieve it, and are attacked by the crocodiles and snakes. Loogie jumps into the stomach of the crocodile who swallowed the rock and recovers it, and then wishes the snakes away just as they are attacking Laser.
Loogie comes out claiming that he felt it make a wish. They turn around and see the crocodiles standing on their hind legs who proceed to chase them. Loogie wishes that something would take them away, and a giant pterodactyl swoops out of the sky and snatches them up dumping them into the fortress. Laser sees the crocodiles climbing out of the canyon and climbing up the wall, Lug hears their baby sister crying on the baby monitor they brought and demands that they get home. Loogie wishes for telekinesis and a giant gust of wind blows the crocodiles away.
Loogie then wishes that they could just go back home and start over. They then argue over what to do with the rock. To solve the dilemma, Loogie wishes that one of them was super-smart, but, as he was not more specific, the power is given to their baby sister (portrayed by Bianca Rodriguez and voiced by Elizabeth Avellan) Loogie then hands the rock to Laser agreeing that his hands are the wrongs hands for the rock. Laser steps outside and wishes for a catapult and put the rock in the launcher and is about to get rid of it, making them lose rock in a pile of dirt, which is where Cole found the rock to throw at Toe.
Episode 4.
Toe's older sister Stacey (Kat Dennings) arrives to tutor "Nose" Noseworthy (Jake Short), Toe's old germophobic friend, and finds the wishing rock in their front yard. Nose picks his nose against his father's wishes and accidentally flicks the booger into his father's radioactive work study. Nose takes the rock from Stacey and wishes that his dad's inventions worked the way they were supposed too. He gets his wish, but it causes his booger to mutate. Toe and Loogie, now friends, arrive at Nose's house in time to see Nose's booger mutate into a giant monster. They leave as quickly as possible, but Toe gets caught by the booger. Nose rescues him by saying that if the booger mutant should eat his friend, Nose will eat the booger's friend (another booger), and the two run out of the house as soon as the booger mutant gives in to Nose's commands. However, it goes ahead and tries to eat Toe and Nose. After helping Nose's father (William H. Macy) capture the monster outside of the house, Toe and Loogie take the rock and leave.
Episode 3.
Mr. and Mrs. Thompson (Leslie Mann and Jon Cryer) are having trouble with their relationship, as Mr. Carbon Black (James Spader) forces them to compete in making a new sales walrus idea for the black box. Mrs. Thompson goes to look at Toe's phone, and finds the rock on the floor in his room. She takes the rock just as Toe wakes up. She and Mr. Thompson go to a Black Box Inc. costume party. While on the patio of Mr. Black's house, she wishes that she and her husband were closer, and they become a two-headed person and try to hide from Mr. Black.
He finds them and invites them inside (thinking they're wearing a costume). Meanwhile, Toe realizes that his mother took the rock and rushes to the party, despite Helvetica warning him against coming. Hel finds the rock as Toe arrives to try to take it back. Toe is interrupted by Cole, who dumps him in the garbage. An infuriated Hel wishes Cole into a dung beetle before losing the rock. The rock is found by Mr. Black who, unaware of its power, accidentally wishes for all of the employees to go for each other's throats. In the chaos, Hel takes the rock and tries to tell her dad about it, but he won't listen to her. So Hel wishes that her dad would listen to her for a change, causing his ears to become gigantic.
Hel, now drunk with power, wishes off her casts and for a rocket bike to escape with the rock, but hits a curb and lands headfirst into a trash can, losing the rock. The rock rolls back to Mr. Black's house and smashes through the door, landing at Mr. Black's feet. He picks it up and is tackled by some of the guests. Toe runs in and grabs the rock and wishes everyone back to normal. The doorbell rings and Toe answers it and comes face to face with Helvetica who is furious. She threatens to break every other bone in Toe's body if he doesn't give her the rock. Toe smartly answers "You Wish" before throwing the rock as far as he can, where it lands at the Noseworthy's house.
Episode 5.
Toe and Loogie contemplate what to do with the rock. They are ambushed by Helvetica and Cole when the rest of the kids show up and they all fight over the rock until it winds up in the hands of Mr. Black. Mr. Black tells all his employees that they are all fired because he has the rock and claims it is the only upgrade the Black Box needs and then considers stopping the business altogether wishes for a giant pile of money. Helevetica tricks him by asking him if he's joking, he states, "My girl, I wish I were," which makes the money disappear and he falls to the edge of the Black Box company building where he is forced to hang on, dangling for his life.
He loses his grip on the rock which falls into the hands of his chief security guard. It is unknown what he was going to wish for because it was interrupted by Hel who wishes that the man was an Oscar-Meyer wiener, which he turns into and thus rolls away. Suddenly a giant teenage boy appears and Mr. Black offers him $10.00 if he helps him down. Stacey realizes that the giant is her 23 year-old ex-boyfriend (which she caused by wishing he would "grow up") and faints, but is revived by Loogie who uses the Black Box as a fan. Mr. Black wishes that he was the most powerful thing in the world and turns into a giant man-like Black Box and the children team up using their previous wishes to stop him. Soon, the infant tells them that the rock is starting to feel misused, as shown by the fact that the rock starts undoing all of their wishes. She also tells them the rock could destroy the Earth because of all of the petty wishes they make. Together they get rid of it and all of the events that happened because of the wishes disappear. Mr. and Mrs. Thompson state that they plan to work together to Mr. Black who agrees.
He later reverts the Black Box into the Green Box, suggesting it to be more environmental. Mr. Noseworthy and son lose their germophobia, Mr. and Mrs. Thompson become closer, and last it is suggested that Hel and Toe will marry in the future.
Reception.
Critical response.
Reviews for the film have been mixed. The film holds a rating of 45% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 93 reviews.
Box office.
For its opening weekend, the film made $6,410,339 upon an average of $2,065 from 3,105 theaters. It opened at #6, being overshadowed by "Inglourious Basterds", "", and "Julie & Julia". Overall, the film was a minor success at the box office, grossing about $20.9 million in the United States and Canada, and about $28.9 million worldwide. It is considered a financial disappointment compared to other films that Robert Rodriguez has directed, making only a third of what the "Spy Kids" films had made.

</doc>
<doc id="20756697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756697" title="Bethel, Cornwall">
Bethel, Cornwall

Bethel is a suburb on the east side of St Austell in Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is located at 
St Austell is the biggest town in Cornwall with a population of 22,658 according to the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="20756705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756705" title="Bidari">
Bidari

The Bidari family.
Karnataka's famous IPS (Indian Police Service) officer, Shankar Bidari shares his family name with this place. His native place is the nearby village of Banahatti, but his ancestors came from this same village.
The 'Bidari' family is also well known as the most powerful bureaucratic family of Karnataka. Shankar Bidari is an IPS officer of 1978 batch, now the very powerful police Commissioner of Bangalore. His daughter, Vijayalakshmi topped the country in the civil services exam of 2001. She joined the Indian Administrative Service (IAS), and is now Director, Information Technology, for the state of Maharashtra. She is married to Mallikarjun Prasanna IPS. He is a 2000 batch IPS officer, now serving as DCP in Mumbai. 
Shankar Bidari's son Vijayendra Bidari joined the IPS in 2005. He is now serving as DCP in Chennai. Vijayendra is married to Rohini, an IAS officer of 2008 batch.

</doc>
<doc id="20756708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756708" title="Governor of Brittany">
Governor of Brittany

This page is a list of royal governors of Brittany during the Ancien Regime.

</doc>
<doc id="20756712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756712" title="1982 Stanford Cardinal football team">
1982 Stanford Cardinal football team

The 1982 Stanford Cardinal football team represented Stanford University in the 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season. This was the first year the team was called the singular "Cardinal," representing the color; from 1972 to 1981, the team was referred to as the "Cardinals."
Regular season.
John Elway's last football game at Stanford was one of the most famous games of all time, the 1982 Big Game versus rival California, which ended with "The Play." It was a play with five lateral passes that allowed Cal to win the game.
After that game, Elway congratulated the trombone player that got run over. Although Elway never led his team to a bowl game, he had an accomplished college career. In his four seasons (1979–1982) at Stanford, he completed 774 passes for 9,349 yards and 77 touchdowns. Stanford had a 20–23 record during his tenure. Elway's 24 touchdown passes in 1982 led the nation, and he graduated with nearly every Stanford and Pacific-10 career record for passing and total offense.
He won Pac-10 Player of the Year honors for the second time in 1982, and was a consensus All-American. In addition, he finished second in Heisman Trophy balloting as a senior.

</doc>
<doc id="20756715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756715" title="Democratic and Social Centre">
Democratic and Social Centre

Democratic and Social Centre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20756720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756720" title="University of Santo Tomas College of Science">
University of Santo Tomas College of Science

The University of Santo Tomas College of Science, popularly known as "UST Science", is the Pure Sciences school of the University of Santo Tomas, the oldest and the largest Catholic university in Manila, Philippines.
It offers six Bachelor of Science degree programs, two of which are recognized by the Commission on Higher Education as a Center of Excellence in "Chemistry" and in "Biology" as of July 2, 2010 and one as a Center of Development in "Psychology". It also offers a Bachelor of Science degree in Microbiology, the "only undergraduate microbiology program" in the Philippines. It has been accredited Level IV by the Philippine Association of Colleges & Universities Committee on Accreditation (PACUCOA). The College is located at the third floor of the UST Main Building.
Brief history.
The College of Science of the University of Santo Tomas was established in 1926 as the College of Liberal Arts. It then offered four-year programs leading to the degree of Bachelor of Arts (A.B.) and Bachelor of Science (B.S.). It also has a two-year program for Associate in Arts which served as preparatory courses for the Law and Medical schools.
The offerings of the College became diversified, in response to the advancements made in the field of science. Thus, specialized degree programs in the various fields of science were developed and introduced through the years: B.S. Chemistry (1931), B.S. major in Zoology (1947), B.S. major in Psychology (1948), and B.S. Mathematics and Physics (1952). In 1959, the preparatory course for the Medical School was extended to three years, in compliance with the requirements of the Medical Act.
In 1964, the College of Liberal Arts was re-organized. The A.B. program was ceded to the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters (now "Faculty of Arts and Letters"). The B.S. programs remained in the college, which became known as the College of Science.
Consistent with its goals of being relevant to the fast-developing world, the College of Science introduced new degree programs in the succeeding years: B. S. Mathematics in 1966, B.S. Mathematics majoring in Actuarial Science in 1974; B.S. Microbiology in 1981; B.S. major in Biology in 1982, B.S. Mathematics major in Computer Science in 1984, which was converted into B.S. Computer Science in 1999, B.S. Information Technology and B.S. Information Management in 1999, B.S. Applied Physics in 2001, and B.S. Applied Mathematics in 2009.
Student Governing Body (CSSC).
The College of Science Student Council (CSSC) is the primary student governing body of all bonafide students of the College of Science. Its officers are elected by the entire College of Science student body but the Chief of Staff directly appointed by the officers upon election. The President of the student council shall be the official representative to the "Central Board (CB"), which consists of all Presidents of all colleges, faculties and institutes in the university, care of the "Central Student Council (CSC)".
Objectives
The College of Science Student Council aims to train students to leadership, preserve camaraderie and brotherhood, expose students on academic and extra - curricular activities and maintain a harmonious relationship through different channels of communication among the College of Science students and the university.
Formal Arms
The College of Science Student Council shall have the Activities Coordinating Board (ACB) and the Students Legislative Assembly (SLA) as its formal arms. The "Activities Coordinating Board (ACB)" comprises all Presidents of all duly recognized student organizations of the College of Science and the "Students Legislative Assembly (SLA)" comprises all duly elected class presidents of the College of Science. Both arms have the CSSC President as its chairman. The formal arms are convened for the purpose of planning and informing the student body about the activities, projects and transactions of the CSSC.
College of Science Student Council Executive Board
The CSSC Executive Board shall be composed of a president, vice - president, secretary, treasurer, auditor and public relations officer. Internal and External vice - presidents, assistant secretary and assistant treasurer are optional positions.

</doc>
<doc id="20756725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756725" title="Bombus sylvarum">
Bombus sylvarum

Bombus sylvarum (commonly known as the shrill carder-bee or knapweed carder-bee) is a species of bumblebee. It has a wide distribution across Europe, east to the Ural Mountains and north to Great Britain, Ireland and southern Scandinavia.
Description.
It is a small bumblebee; queens are long and female workers are . It is mostly pale yellowish in colour with a black band across the thorax, two black bands across the abdomen and an orange tip to the abdomen. It flies rapidly and queens produce a high-pitched buzz.
Behaviour.
The flight period lasts from about April to September. The queen bee emerges from hibernation in the spring. She makes a nest on or slightly below the surface of the ground among open vegetation. An old mouse or vole nest may be used. By summer the nest will contain around 100 worker bees. Each nest requires about 2 of suitable habitat.
It occurs in herb-rich grassland where it feeds on nectar and pollen from a variety of flowers, especially ones that are complex or have long corollae. Important food plants include knapweed, woundwort, clover, vetch, red bartsia and narrow-leaved bird's-foot trefoil.
Status and conservation.
It is threatened by habitat loss and intensification of agriculture and is declining in numbers across Europe. In the United Kingdom it was common until the early 20th century but is now restricted to a few small areas in southern England and south Wales. The species is included in the United Kingdom Biodiversity Action Plan.

</doc>
<doc id="20756746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756746" title="Bilberry, Cornwall">
Bilberry, Cornwall

Bilberry () is a village in central Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is approximately five miles (8km) north of St Austell on the A391 road in the china clay extraction area.

</doc>
<doc id="20756747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756747" title="Chimmad">
Chimmad

Demographics.
In the 2001 India census, Chimmad had a population of 8,721 with 4,390 males and 4,331 females.
In the 2011 census, Chimmad reported a population of 10,717.

</doc>
<doc id="20756759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756759" title="Bromus laevipes">
Bromus laevipes

Bromus laevipes is a species of brome grass known by the common name Chinook brome. 
It is native to western North America from Washington to Baja California, where it grows in many types of habitat. It is a perennial grass which may exceed 1.5 meters in height. The leaf blades may be nearly 2 centimeters wide at the bases. The inflorescence is an open array of spikelets, the lower ones drooping or nodding. The spikelets are flattened and usually hairy or downy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20756761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756761" title="Fidlovačka">
Fidlovačka

The name Fidlovačka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20756762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756762" title="Dhavaleshwar">
Dhavaleshwar

Dhavaleshwar is located on the bank of Ghataprabha river. The river bifurcates the Belgaum and Bagalkot districts. Just on the other side of the river, there is one more village which, is also known as Dhavaleshwar. This Dhavaleshwar belongs to Gokak Taluk of Belgaum district. Many politicians promised to build a bridge between both villages, but no one has initiated. The villagers grow sugercanes, which is the source of their income.
Demographics.
In the 2001 India census, Dhavaleshwar had a population of 5,578, with 2,818 males and 2,760 females.
In the 2011 census, the population of Dhavaleshwar was reported as 7,300.

</doc>
<doc id="20756764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756764" title="Galagali">
Galagali

It is the birthplace of the notable Vedic scholar Pandhareenathachar Galagali.
Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Galagali had a population of 8232 with 4098 males and 4134 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20756765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756765" title="Nawkhanda">
Nawkhanda

Nawkhanda is a village in Gopalganj District, Bangladesh, part of Muksudpur Upazila. The village covers an area of 3 km2, and is bordered by the villages of Nanikhir, Barovatra, Pathorgatha and Kasalia, Goinary. Nawkhanda's main canal is the Hatashe Channel, locally called Nawkhanda Khall or Nanikhir Khall. The Bil Rout Canal at Jalirpar joins with the Hatashe Canal to the river Padma
Nawkhanda under Nanikhir Union parishad was established in 1634. The village consists of three wards and few "mahallas". The village has a primary school, seven mosques, an Alia Madrasa, and few community schools.
Non-governmental organizations operating in Nawkhanda include BDAO (the Bangladesh Development Acceleration Organisation), BRAC, CCDB, ASA, World Vision, and HCCB. 

</doc>
<doc id="20756767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756767" title="Eman Karam Sayed Abdel Ghaffar">
Eman Karam Sayed Abdel Ghaffar

Eman Abdel Ghaffar () is an Egyptian researcher in the field of environment and urban risks.
Education.
Eman graduated in the Faculty of Engineering, Ain Shams University. She studied Geographic Information Systems (GIS) at the Information Technology Institute (ITI) in Giza. Later on, she studied geoinformation management for urban planning, and obtained her MSc. degree with distinction.
Publications.
17. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2012,A framework for Metropolitan healthy cities using GIS, case study: cairo city, Ain shams university, Egypt.
16. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2012, understanding urban growth of Cairo Metropolitan area using geospatial analysis, Environmental Studies Journal, Ain Shams University, Egypt.
15. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2009, Towards sustainable healthy cities without segregation and barrier walls in developing countries, The Second Gulf Conference & Exhibition On Environment and Sustainability, Environmental Impacts Assessment, Risk & Crisis Management, state of Kuwait, 16‐19 February 2009.
14. Ebeid, M. et al., 2008, Sprawl growth in Arab cities Case study: Ezbet Elhagana, Cairo, 2nd Arab conference on Environmental Management of the Arab cities, Cairo, Egypt, May 2008.
13. El Morjani, Z. et al., 2007, Modelling the spatial distribution of five natural hazards in the context of the WHO/EMRO Atlas of disaster risk as a step towards the reduction of the health impacts related to disasters, International Journal of Health Geographics,
12. Abdel Ghaffar, 2004, The Impacts of Housing on Public Health, Word of the Expert, in the Arab Construction World Magazine, issue 6, page 96.
11. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2004, Emergency Route Planning Using GIS: Preserving public safety in Cairo, "GIM International" magazine for Geomatics, June 2004 edition, volume 18, the Netherlands.
10. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2003, Urban Transport Planning in Metropolitan Cairo, in Landuse intensification and Transportation in Almere, on the occasion of the 39th International Planning Congress of ISoCaRP, Cairo, Egypt, 17–22 October 2003, pages 53–62.
9. Aranya, R. et al., 2003, Almere’s Bridge to the Future: a macro approach to the transportation problem, in Landuse intensification and Transportation in Almere, on the occasion of the 39th International Planning Congress of IsoCaRP, Cairo, Egypt, 17–22 October 2003, pages 17–25.
8. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2002, Requirements for developing Geographic Information Infrastructure to Support Environmental Impact Assessment, 5th AGILE Conference on Geographic Information Science, Palma (Balearic Islands, Spain) April 25–27th 2002.
7. Rodziewicz, A., et al., 2001, Twente business innovation valley, Sustainable region- moderate impact of IT and social sustainable humanistic, in ISoCaRP congress 2001, Ryser, J. (Eds.), planning in the information age, final report of the young planners’ workshop, September 2001, Utrecht, the Netherlands, pages 104-108.
6. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2001, urban and environmental decision-making in Egypt: requirements for a geographic information infrastructure, "GIM International" magazine for geomatics, September 2001 edition, volume 15, the Netherlands.
5. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2001, designing a methodology to develop geographic information infrastructure to support environmental impact assessment- case study: urban upgrading projects in historic Cairo- Egypt, Msc. thesis, ITC, the Netherlands.
4. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2001, requirements for developing geographic information infrastructure to support the development in Egypt, second national GIS conference, April 2001, Cairo, Egypt.
3. Abdel Ghaffar, E., 2001, Enterprise modeling and modeling techniques, ITC, the Netherlands.
2. Abdel Ghaffar, E., et al., 1998, Cairo tourism guide information system, guide for services and public places in Cairo using GIS technology on the www, professional GIS course documentation, the Information Technology Institute (ITI), Giza, Egypt.
1. Abdel Ghaffar, E., et al., 1998, agricultural development in East Oweinat information system, an analysis using remote sensing, professional GIS course documentation, the Information Technology Institute (ITI), Giza, Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20756770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756770" title="Girisagar">
Girisagar


</doc>
<doc id="20756782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756782" title="Gothe">
Gothe


</doc>
<doc id="20756796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756796" title="Halingali">
Halingali


</doc>
<doc id="20756799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756799" title="E-LIS">
E-LIS

Eprints in Library and Information Science (E-LIS) is an international open access repository for academic papers in Library and Information Science (LIS). Over 12,000 papers have been archived to date. It is freely accessible, aligned with the Open Access (OA) movement and is a voluntary enterprise.
About E-LIS.
E-LIS is the largest international open repository in the field of Library and Information Science. It is freely accessible and users are able to search, access, and archive full-text documents
Objectives.
E-LIS is based on the philosophy and principles of open source software whereby people from all over the world co-operate in building freely-licensed software. Its aim is to further the open access philosophy by making full text Library and Information Science documents visible, accessible, harvestable, searchable, and usable by any potential user with access to the Internet.
The objectives of the E-LIS are:
Governance.
E-LIS is established, managed and maintained by an international team of 73 librarians and information scientists from 47 countries and support for 22 languages. The development of an international Library and Information Science network has been stimulated by the extension of the open access concept to LIS works and facilitated by the dissemination of material within the LIS community. 
The editorial work is performed under the management of an executive board that drives the policies, alliances, new actions, collaborations and any topic that is of interest to E-LIS. The executive board is made up of two chief executives, two representatives of the editorial team, two representatives of CIEPI - International Centre for Research in Information Strategy and Development -which is the association created by E-LIS members for representing institutionally the E-LIS interest as a legal entity - and two technical representatives that have deep technical experience on document repositories. In addition to this structure, the advisory board appointed to advise the executive board is formed by institutions and people that support E-LIS.
Users.
There are currently 8,000 authors represented in E-LIS. It is possible to deposit works in any language, although abstracts and keywords must be included in English, in addition to abstracts and keywords in the original language of the document. In a broad sense, any document related to LIS that is electronically available, can be submitted to the archive in PDF or HTML. The types of user are: librarians, academics, archivists, information management specialists from: academic libraries, archives, government libraries, health libraries, information centres, museums, national libraries, private libraries, public libraries, school libraries or universities.
E-LIS provides features for editors and users including automatic alerts for editors, full metadata display of metadata records, full-text search, browsing by user, a counter in the homepage as well as statistics.
A strength of the repository is the national editors from 47 countries, carrying out the quality control of the metadata. Each editor approves documents of their own country and coordinates the actions on the promotion of E-LIS in their country. All the editors share this common vision and mission, while contributing to E-LIS with their own experience and competence. 
E-LIS deals with each country's specific issues to decide the best solution for technical and non-technical barriers so that international visibility can be promoted whilst national interests are served. International co-operation can facilitate debate on current issues.
Copyright.
Copyright is one of the key issues for E-LIS. The submission of documents and their accessibility is not an infringement of copyright. All work in E-LIS remains property of the author. If the document is a preprint, the process is quite straightforward because there are no limits concerning copyright: the author holds the exclusive copyright for the pre-refereed preprints. For the refereed postprint, the issue becomes more complex. The author might have given the rights to, for instance, a publisher. The right to self-archive the refereed postprint is a legal matter because the copyright transfer agreement applies to the text. Most journals permit self-archiving, but it depends on the publisher's copyright policy. Authors can also deposit the postprint inside the archive with restricted access. Some publishers have stated that they grant these rights as a standard procedure. Copyright law gives the creator of copyrighted work exclusive rights, which may be both segmented and transferred to others.
Funding.
Being a nonprofit and voluntary initiative, in the past E-LIS has received small funds from the Spanish Ministry of Education, but there is no regular funding of any kind from any institution or state.
Activities.
The current short-term plan of activities is described in the "Acropolis Strategy". The "Acropolis Strategy" roadmaps the actions of the E-LIS community in 2011. It was drafted by the E-LIS Executive Board and E-LIS staff and sets critical goals, which are expected to improve the current situation of E-LIS services. The "Acropolis Strategy" is continuously referred to in order to assess the progress of the E-LIS community activities. One of E-LIS Team prime priorities is to publish the bibliographic data in E-LIS as Linked Open Data.

</doc>
<doc id="20756806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756806" title="Valle de Matamoros">
Valle de Matamoros

Valle de Matamoros is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 442 (2007) and an area of 4.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20756826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756826" title="1969 Texas Longhorns football team">
1969 Texas Longhorns football team

The 1969 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 1969 college football season. The Longhorns won all of their games to finish 11–0 and win their second consensus National Championship in school history. The first title was six seasons earlier, in 1963.
Schedule.
The Longhorns finished the 1969 regular season with a 10–0 record, and defeated ninth-ranked Notre Dame 21–17 in the 1970 Cotton Bowl Classic. It was the Longhorns 20th consecutive victory and second straight Cotton Bowl Classic title. Notre Dame played in its first bowl game in 45 years and second overall; the only other bowl appearance was in the 1925 Rose Bowl.
1969 team players in the NFL.
The following 1969 Longhorns were selected in the 1970 NFL Draft:

</doc>
<doc id="20756827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756827" title="Hipparagi">
Hipparagi


</doc>
<doc id="20756830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756830" title="1998 Texas Longhorns football team">
1998 Texas Longhorns football team

The 1998 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin during the 1998 NCAA Division I-A football season. They were represented in the Big 12 Conference in the South Division. They played their home games at Darrell K Royal–Texas Memorial Stadium in Austin, Texas. The team was coached by head coach Mack Brown.
Regular season.
Ricky Williams had a sensational senior season, highlighted by rushing for nine touchdowns and 385 yards in the season's first two games; rushing for 318 yards and six touchdowns against ; rushing for 350 yards and five touchdowns against Iowa State; and rushing for 150 yards against Nebraska's legendary Black Shirt defense. He also helped beat longtime rival Oklahoma rushing for 166 rushing yards and two scores.
Williams broke the career rushing record during the annual rivalry game held the day after Thanksgiving (this particular year fell on November 27, 1998) between Texas and Texas A&M. Needing only 63 yards to break Tony Dorsett's 22-year-old NCAA Division 1-A all-time rushing record (6,082), Ricky Williams approached the line of scrimmage with 1:45 seconds left in the first quarter having already rushed for 54 yards. At first and ten on the Texas forty yard line, quarterback Major Applewhite handed off to Williams who broke two tackles, sprinted into open field and received a down field block from receiver Wane McGarity for a 60-yard touchdown run and the record. Williams' record-breaking run gave Texas a 10-0 lead in its eventual 26-24 upset of sixth-ranked Texas A&M. He finished the game racking up 295 yards. He also broke the NCAA Division I-A career rushing touchdowns and career scoring records in 1998 with 73 and 452 respectively (topped one year later by Miami University's Travis Prentice), and rushed for 200 or more yards in twelve different games (an NCAA record he shares with Dayne and USC's Marcus Allen). Williams won the 64th Heisman Trophy, becoming the second Texas Longhorn to win this honor, joining Earl Campbell.
Williams was sometimes known as the "Texas Tornado."
Schedule.
The Longhorns finished the regular season with a 8–3 record and defeated #25 Mississippi State in the 1999 Cotton Bowl Classic, 38–11.
1998 team players in the NFL.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20756832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756832" title="Hirepadasalgi">
Hirepadasalgi


</doc>
<doc id="20756833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756833" title="Group mind (science fiction)">
Group mind (science fiction)

A group mind, hive mind, mind coalescence or group ego in science fiction is a single, collective consciousness or intelligence occupying many bodies or entities. Its use in literature goes back at least as far as Olaf Stapledon's science fiction novel "Last and First Men" (1930).
A group mind might be formed by telepathy, by adding brain-to-brain communication to ordinary individuals, or by some unspecified means. This term may be used interchangeably with "hive mind". A hive mind is a group mind with almost complete loss (or lack) of individual identity; most fictional group minds are hives. The concept of the group or hive mind is an intelligent version of real-life superorganisms such as ant or bee nests, and consequently, insectoid aliens such as Zerg and Ceph often have such a mind.
List of hive minds.
Hive minds are group minds with (almost) complete loss (or lack) of individuality, identity, and personhood. The individuals forming the hive may specialize in different functions, similarly to social insects.
List of non-hive group minds.
A group mind that is not a hive either lets individuals retain some individuality, or can itself split back up into functional individuals at need. The dividing line is blurry; some Star Trek Borg, such as Seven of Nine, have been split from the collective.

</doc>
<doc id="20756837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756837" title="Hunnur">
Hunnur


</doc>
<doc id="20756838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756838" title="Jagadal">
Jagadal


</doc>
<doc id="20756841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756841" title="Jalihal">
Jalihal


</doc>
<doc id="20756844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756844" title="Kamatagi">
Kamatagi


</doc>
<doc id="20756848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756848" title="Kandgal">
Kandgal


</doc>
<doc id="20756849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756849" title="Pathorghata, Gopalgonj">
Pathorghata, Gopalgonj

Pathorghata is a village in Gopalganj District, Bangladesh, part of Muksudpur Upazila. The village covers an area of 3 km2, and is bordered by the villages of Nanikhir, Barovatra, Nawkhanda and Kasalia, Goinary. Pathorghata's main canal is the Hatashe Channel, locally called Nawkhanda Khall or Nanikhir Khall. The Bil Rout Canal at Jalirpar joins with the Hatashe Canal to the river Padma
Pathorghata under Nanikhir Union parishad was established in 1634. The village consists of three wards and few "mahallas". The village has a primary school, seven mosques, a Kawmi Madrasa, and few community schools.
Non-governmental organizations operating in Pathorghata include BDAO (the Bangladesh Development Acceleration Organisation), BRAC, CCDB, ASA, World Vision, and HCCB. 

</doc>
<doc id="20756850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756850" title="Collective intelligence">
Collective intelligence

Collective intelligence is shared or group intelligence that emerges from the collaboration, collective efforts, and competition of many individuals and appears in consensus decision making. The term appears in sociobiology, political science and in context of mass peer review and crowdsourcing applications. It may involve consensus, social capital and formalisms such as voting systems, social media and other means of quantifying mass activity. Collective IQ is a measure of collective intelligence, although it is often used interchangeably with the term collective intelligence.
Collective intelligence has also been attributed to bacteria and animals.
It can be understood as an emergent property from the synergies among: 1) data-information-knowledge; 2) software-hardware; and 3) experts (those with new insights as well as recognized authorities) that continually learns from feedback to produce just-in-time knowledge for better decisions than these three elements acting alone. Or more narrowly as an emergent property between people and ways of processing information. This notion of collective intelligence is referred to as Symbiotic intelligence by Norman Lee Johnson. The concept is used in sociology, business, computer science and mass communications: it also appears in science fiction.
Pierre Lévy defines collective intelligence as, "It is a form of universally distributed intelligence, constantly enhanced, coordinated in real time, and resulting in the effective mobilization of skills. I'll add the following indispensable characteristic to this definition: The basis and goal of collective intelligence is mutual recognition and enrichment of individuals rather than the cult of fetishized or hypostatized communities." 
According to researchers Lévy and Kerckhove, it refers to capacity of networked ICTs (Information communication technologies) to enhance the collective pool of social knowledge by simultaneously expanding the extent of human interactions.
Collective intelligence strongly contributes to the shift of knowledge and power from the individual to the collective. According to Eric S. Raymond (1998) and JC Herz (2005), open source intelligence will eventually generate superior outcomes to knowledge generated by proprietary software developed within corporations (Flew 2008).
Meanwhile media theorist Henry Jenkins sees collective intelligence as an 'lternative source of media power', which is closely related to convergence culture. He draws attention to education and the way people are learning to participate in such knowledge cultures outside of formal learning settings. Henry Jenkins criticizes schools which promote 'autonomous problem solvers and self-contained learners' while remaining hostile to learning through the means of collective intelligence.
Ultimately, both Pierre Lévy (2007) and Henry Jenkins (2008) support the claim that collective intelligence is important for the process of democratization, as it is interlinked with knowledge-based culture, which is sustained by collective idea sharing, and thus contributes to a better understanding of diverse society among different actors.
Writers who have influenced the idea of collective intelligence include Douglas Hofstadter (1979), Peter Russell (1983), Tom Atlee (1993), Pierre Lévy (1994), Howard Bloom (1995), Francis Heylighen (1995), Douglas Engelbart, Cliff Joslyn, Ron Dembo, Gottfried Mayer-Kress (2003).
History.
A precursor of the concept is found in entomologist William Morton Wheeler's observation that seemingly independent individuals can cooperate so closely as to become indistinguishable from a single organism (1911). Wheeler saw this collaborative process at work in ants that acted like the cells of a single beast he called a "superorganism".
In 1912 Émile Durkheim identified society as the sole source of human logical thought. He argued, in "The Elementary Forms of Religious Life" that society constitutes a higher intelligence because it transcends the individual over space and time. Other antecedents are Vladimir Vernadsky's concept of "noosphere" and H.G. Wells's concept of "world brain" (see also the term "global brain"). Peter Russell, Elisabet Sahtouris, and Barbara Marx Hubbard (originator of the term "conscious evolution" ) are inspired by the visions of a noosphere – a transcendent, rapidly evolving collective intelligence – an informational cortex of the planet. The notion has more recently been examined by the philosopher Pierre Lévy. Doug Engelbart began using the term 'Collective IQ' in the mid 1990s as a measure of collective intelligence, to focus attention on the opportunity for business and society to pro-actively raise their Collective IQ
Dimensions.
Howard Bloom has discussed mass behavior—collective behavior from the level of quarks to the level of bacterial, plant, animal, and human societies. He stresses the biological adaptations that have turned most of this earth's living beings into components of what he calls "a learning machine". In 1986 Bloom combined the concepts of apoptosis, parallel distributed processing, group selection, and the superorganism to produce a theory of how collective intelligence works. Later he showed how the collective intelligences of competing bacterial colonies and human societies can be explained in terms of computer-generated "complex adaptive systems" and the "genetic algorithms", concepts pioneered by John Holland.
Bloom traced the evolution of collective intelligence to our bacterial ancestors 1 billion years ago and demonstrated how a multi-species intelligence has worked since the beginning of life. Ant societies exhibit more intelligence, in terms of technology, than any other animal except for humans and co-operate in keeping livestock, for example aphids for "milking". Leaf cutters care for fungi and carry leaves to feed the fungi.
David Skrbina cites the concept of a 'group mind' as being derived from Plato's concept of panpsychism (that mind or consciousness is omnipresent and exists in all matter). He develops the concept of a ‘group mind’ as articulated by Thomas Hobbes in "Leviathan" and Fechner's arguments for a collective consciousness of mankind. He cites Durkheim as the most notable advocate of a "collective consciousness" and Teilhard de Chardin as a thinker who has developed the philosophical implications of the group mind.
Tom Atlee focuses primarily on humans and on work to upgrade what Howard Bloom calls "the group IQ". Atlee feels that collective intelligence can be encouraged "to overcome 'groupthink' and individual cognitive bias in order to allow a collective to cooperate on one process—while achieving enhanced intellectual performance." George Pór defined the collective intelligence phenomenon as "the capacity of human communities to evolve towards higher order complexity and harmony, through such innovation mechanisms as differentiation and integration, competition and collaboration." Atlee and Pór state that "collective intelligence also involves achieving a single focus of attention and standard of metrics which provide an appropriate threshold of action". Their approach is rooted in Scientific Community Metaphor.
Atlee and Pór suggest that the field of collective intelligence should primarily be seen as a human enterprise in which mind-sets, a willingness to share and an openness to the value of distributed intelligence for the common good are paramount, though group theory and artificial intelligence have something to offer. Individuals who respect collective intelligence are confident of their own abilities and recognize that the whole is indeed greater than the sum of any individual parts. Maximizing collective intelligence relies on the ability of an organization to accept and develop "The Golden Suggestion", which is any potentially useful input from any member. Groupthink often hampers collective intelligence by limiting input to a select few individuals or filtering potential Golden Suggestions without fully developing them to implementation.
Robert David Steele Vivas in "The New Craft of Intelligence" portrayed all citizens as "intelligence minutemen," drawing only on legal and ethical sources of information, able to create a "public intelligence" that keeps public officials and corporate managers honest, turning the concept of "national intelligence" (previously concerned about spies and secrecy) on its head.
According to Don Tapscott and Anthony D. Williams, collective intelligence is mass collaboration. In order for this concept to happen, four principles need to exist;
Examples.
The "Global Futures Collective Intelligence System" (GFIS) at www.themp.org was created by The Millennium Project in 2012.
Political parties mobilize large numbers of people to form policy, select candidates and finance and run election campaigns. Knowledge focusing through various voting methods allows perspectives to converge through the assumption that uninformed voting is to some degree random and can be filtered from the decision process leaving only a residue of informed consensus. Critics point out that often bad ideas, misunderstandings, and misconceptions are widely held, and that structuring of the decision process must favor experts who are presumably less prone to random or misinformed voting in a given context.
Military united, trade unions, and corporations satisfy some definitions of CI — the most rigorous definition would require a capacity to respond to very arbitrary conditions without orders or guidance from "law" or "customers" to constrain actions.
In Learner generated context a group of users marshal resources to create an ecology that meets their needs often (but not only) in relation to the co-configuration, co-creation and co-design of a particular learning space that allows learners to create their own context. Learner generated contexts represent an "ad hoc" community that facilitates coordination of collective action in a network of trust. An example of Learner generated context is found on the Internet when collaborative users pool knowledge in a "shared intelligence space" such as Wikipedia. As the Internet has developed so has the concept of CI as a shared public forum. The global accessibility and availability of the Internet has allowed more people than ever to contribute and access ideas. (Flew 2008)
Improvisational actors also experience a type of collective intelligence which they term 'Group Mind'. A further example of collective intelligence is found in idea competitions.
Specialized information site such as Digital Photography Review or Camera Labs is an example of collective intelligence. Anyone who has an access to the internet can contribute to distributing their knowledge over the world through the specialized information sites.
Quora
The online service Quora is a portal where anyone can ask any question and anyone can answer. The questions are categorized and tagged for easier navigation. A question about, for example, Apple’s CEO Tim Cook will be found in the Apple and CEO category and Apple and Tim Cook will be an individual tag. If someone is wondering, for example, ‘what it is like to work with Tim Cook’ the answer to the question required private or intimate information that is (by definition) not publicly available. Users can answer with their name or anonymously. Obtaining this private information is, of course, valuable to gain an insight or to look behind the scenes.
Often questions refer to first hand experiences and the answers are often carefully curated eposées and detailed logs of it. It gives the user the ability to gain a detailed insights and information is thus democratized. The collection of experiences is a perfect example of collective intelligence.
Mathematical techniques.
One measure sometimes applied, especially by more artificial intelligence focused theorists, is a "collective intelligence quotient" (or "cooperation quotient")—which presumably can be measured like the "individual" intelligence quotient (IQ)—thus making it possible to determine the marginal extra intelligence added by each new individual participating in the collective, thus using metrics to avoid the hazards of group think and stupidity.
In 2001, Tadeusz (Ted) Szuba from the AGH University in Poland proposed a formal model for the phenomenon of collective intelligence. It is assumed to be an unconscious, random, parallel, and distributed computational process, run in mathematical logic by the social structure.
In this model, beings and information are modeled as abstract information molecules carrying expressions of mathematical logic. They are quasi-randomly displacing due to their interaction with their environments with their intended displacements. Their interaction in abstract computational space creates multi-thread inference process which we perceive as collective intelligence. Thus, a non-Turing model of computation is used. This theory allows simple formal definition of collective intelligence as the property of social structure and seems to be working well for a wide spectrum of beings, from bacterial colonies up to human social structures. Collective intelligence considered as a specific computational process is providing a straightforward explanation of several social phenomena. For this model of collective intelligence, the formal definition of IQS (IQ Social) was proposed and was defined as "the probability function over the time and domain of N-element inferences which are reflecting inference activity of the social structure." While IQS seems to be computationally hard, modeling of social structure in terms of a computational process as described above gives a chance for approximation. Prospective applications are optimization of companies through the maximization of their IQS, and the analysis of drug resistance against collective intelligence of bacterial colonies.
Digital media.
New media are often associated with the promotion and enhancement of collective intelligence. The ability of new media to easily store and retrieve information, predominantly through databases and the Internet, allows for it to be shared without difficulty. Thus, through interaction with new media, knowledge easily passes between sources resulting in a form of collective intelligence. The use of interactive new media, particularly the internet, promotes online interaction and this distribution of knowledge between users.
Francis Heylighen, Valentin Turchin, and Gottfried Mayer-Kress are among those who view collective intelligence through the lens of computer science and cybernetics. In their view, the Internet enables collective intelligence at the widest, planetary scale, thus facilitating the emergence of a Global brain. The developer of the World Wide Web, Tim Berners-Lee, aimed to promote sharing and publishing of information globally. Later his employer opened up the technology for free use. In the early ‘90s, the Internet’s potential was still untapped, until the mid-1990s when ‘critical mass’, as termed by the head of the Advanced Research Project Agency (ARPA), Dr. J.C.R. Licklider, demanded more accessibility and utility. The driving force of this form of collective intelligence is the digitization of information and communication. Henry Jenkins, a key theorist of new media and media convergence draws on the theory that collective intelligence can be attributed to media convergence and participatory culture . He criticizes contemporary education for failing to incorporate online trends of collective problem solving into the classroom, stating “whereas a collective intelligence community encourages ownership of work as a group, schools grade individuals”. Jenkins argues that interaction within a knowledge community builds vital skills for young people, and teamwork through collective intelligence communities contribute to the development of such skills. Collective intelligence is not merely a quantitative contribution of information from all cultures, it is also qualitative.
Levy and de Kerckhove consider CI from a mass communications perspective, focusing on the ability of networked information and communication technologies to enhance the community knowledge pool. They suggest that these communications tools enable humans to interact and to share and collaborate with both ease and speed (Flew 2008). With the development of the Internet and its widespread use, the opportunity to contribute to community-based knowledge forums, such as Wikipedia, is greater than ever before. These computer networks give participating users the opportunity to store and to retrieve knowledge through the collective access to these databases and allow them to "harness the hive" (Raymond 1998; JC Herz 2005 in Flew 2008).
Researchers at the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence research and explore collective intelligence of groups of people and computers.
In this context collective intelligence is often confused with shared knowledge. The former is knowledge that is generally available to all members of a community while the latter is information known by all members of a community. Collective intelligence as represented by Web 2.0 has less user engagement than collaborative intelligence. An art project using Web 2.0 platforms is "Shared Galaxy", an experiment developed by an anonymous artist to create a collective identity that shows up as one person on several platforms like MySpace, Facebook, YouTube and Second Life. The password is written in the profiles and the accounts named "Shared Galaxy" are open to be used by anyone. In this way many take part in being one.
Growth of the Internet and mobile telecom has also produced "swarming" or "rendezvous" events that enable meetings or even dates on demand. The full impact has yet to be felt but the anti-globalization movement, for example, relies heavily on e-mail, cell phones, pagers, SMS and other means of organizing. The Indymedia organization does this in a more journalistic way. Such resources could combine into a form of collective intelligence accountable only to the current participants yet with some strong moral or linguistic guidance from generations of contributors – or even take on a more obviously democratic form to advance shared goals.
Social bookmarking.
In social bookmarking (also called collaborative tagging), users assign tags to resources shared with other users, which gives rise to a type of information organisation that emerges from this crowdsourcing process. The resulting information structure can be seen as reflecting the collective knowledge (or collective intelligence) of a community of users and is commonly called a "Folksonomy", and the process can be captured by models of collaborative tagging.
Recent research using data from the social bookmarking website Delicious, has shown that collaborative tagging systems exhibit a form of complex systems (or self-organizing) dynamics. Although there is no central controlled vocabulary to constrain the actions of individual users, the distributions of tags that describe different resources has been shown to converge over time to a stable power law distributions. Once such stable distributions form, examining the correlations between different tags can be used to construct simple folksonomy graphs, which can be efficiently partitioned to obtained a form of community or shared vocabularies. Such vocabularies can be seen as a form of collective intelligence, emerging from the decentralised actions of a community of users. The Wall-it Project is also an example of social bookmarking.
Video games.
Games such as "The Sims" Series, and "Second Life" are designed to be non-linear and to depend on collective intelligence for expansion. This way of sharing is gradually evolving and influencing the mindset of the current and future generations. For them, collective intelligence has become a norm. In Terry Flew’s discussion of 'interactivity' in the online games environment, the ongoing interactive dialogue between users and game developers, he refers to Pierre Levy's concept of Collective Intelligence and argues this is active in videogames as clans or guilds in MMORPG constantly work to achieve goals. Henry Jenkins proposes that the participatory cultures emerging between games producers, media companies, and the end-users mark a fundamental shift in the nature of media production and consumption. Jenkins argues that this new participatory culture arises at the intersection of three broad new media trends. Firstly, the development of new media tools/technologies enabling the creation of content. Secondly, the rise of subcultures promoting such creations, and lastly, the growth of value adding media conglomerates, which foster image, idea and narrative flow.
Cultural theorist and online community developer, John Banks considered the contribution of online fan communities in the creation of the Trainz product. He argued that its commercial success was fundamentally dependent upon "the formation and growth of an active and vibrant online fan community that would both actively promote the product and create content- extensions and additions to the game software".
The increase in user created content and interactivity gives rise to issues of control over the game itself and ownership of the player-created content. This gives rise to fundamental legal issues, highlighted by Lessig and Bray and Konsynski, such as Intellectual Property and property ownership rights.
Gosney extends this issue of Collective Intelligence in videogames one step further in his discussion of Alternate Reality Gaming. This genre, he describes as an "across-media game that deliberately blurs the line between the in-game and out-of-game experiences" as events that happen outside the game reality "reach out" into the player’s lives in order to bring them together. Solving the game requires "the collective and collaborative efforts of multiple players"; thus the issue of collective and collaborative team play is essential to ARG. Gosney argues that the Alternate Reality genre of gaming dictates an unprecedented level of collaboration and "collective intelligence" in order to solve the mystery of the game.
Stock market predictions.
Because of the Internet's ability to rapidly convey large amounts of information throughout the world, the use of collective intelligence to predict stock prices and stock price direction has become increasingly viable. Websites aggregate stock market information that is as current as possible so professional or amateur stock analysts can publish their viewpoints, enabling amateur investors to submit their financial opinions and create an aggregate opinion. The opinion of all investor can be weighed equally so that a pivotal premise of the effective application of collective intelligence can be applied: the masses, including a broad spectrum of stock market expertise, can be utilized to more accurately predict the behavior of financial markets.
Collective intelligence underpins the efficient-market hypothesis of Eugene Fama – although the term collective intelligence is not used explicitly in his paper. Fama cites research conducted by Michael Jensen in which 89 out of 115 selected funds underperformed relative to the index during the period from 1955 to 1964. But after removing the loading charge (up-front fee) only 72 underperformed while after removing brokerage costs only 58 underperformed. On the basis of such evidence index funds became popular investment vehicles using the collective intelligence of the market, rather than the judgement of professional fund managers, as an investment strategy.
Views.
Tom Atlee reflects that, although humans have an innate ability to gather and analyze data, they are affected by culture, education and social institutions. A single person tends to make decisions motivated by self-preservation. In addition, humans lack a way to make choices that balance innovation and reality. Therefore, without collective intelligence, humans may drive themselves into extinction based on their selfish needs.
Phillip Brown and Hugh Lauder quotes Bowles and Gintis (1976) that in order to truly define collective intelligence, it is crucial to separate ‘intelligence’ from IQism. They go on to argue that intelligence is an achievement and can only be developed if allowed to. For example, earlier on, groups from the lower levels of society are severely restricted from aggregating and pooling their intelligence. This is because the elites fear that the collective intelligence would convince the people to rebel. If there is no such capacity and relations, there would be no infrastructure on which collective intelligence is built . This reflects how powerful collective intelligence can be if left to develop.
Research performed by Tapscott and Williams has provided a few examples of the benefits of collective intelligence to business:
Skeptics, especially those critical of artificial intelligence and more inclined to believe that risk of bodily harm and bodily action are the basis of all unity between people, are more likely to emphasize the capacity of a group to take action and withstand harm as one fluid mass mobilization, shrugging off harms the way a body shrugs off the loss of a few cells. This strain of thought is most obvious in the anti-globalization movement and characterized by the works of John Zerzan, Carol Moore, and Starhawk, who typically shun academics. These theorists are more likely to refer to ecological and collective wisdom and to the role of consensus process in making ontological distinctions than to any form of "intelligence" as such, which they often argue does not exist, or is mere "cleverness".
Harsh critics of artificial intelligence on ethical grounds are likely to promote collective wisdom-building methods, such as the new tribalists and the Gaians. Whether these can be said to be collective intelligence systems is an open question. Some, e.g. Bill Joy, simply wish to avoid any form of autonomous artificial intelligence and seem willing to work on rigorous collective intelligence in order to remove any possible niche for AI.

</doc>
<doc id="20756852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756852" title="Kulhalli">
Kulhalli


</doc>
<doc id="20756869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756869" title="Eusociality">
Eusociality

Eusociality (Greek "eu": "good/real" + "social"), the highest level of organization of animal sociality, is defined by the following characteristics: cooperative brood care (including brood care of offspring from other individuals), overlapping generations within a colony of adults, and a division of labor into reproductive and non-reproductive groups. The division of labor creates specialized behavioral groups within an animal society which are sometimes called castes. Eusociality is distinguished from all other social systems because individuals of at least one caste lose the ability to perform at least one behavior characteristic of individuals in another caste.
Eusociality is mostly observed and studied in Hymenoptera (ants, bees, and wasps) and Isoptera (termites). For example, a colony has caste differences; a queen and king take the roles as the sole reproducers and the soldiers and workers work together to create a living situation favorable for the brood. In addition to Hymenoptera and Isoptera, there are two known eusocial vertebrates from the order Rodentia, which includes the naked mole rat and the Damaraland mole rat. Most of the individuals cooperatively care for the brood of a single reproductive female (the queen) to which they are most likely related.
Several other levels of animal sociality have been distinguished. These include presocial (solitary but social), subsocial and parasocial (including communal, quasisocial, and semisocial).
History.
The term "eusocial" was introduced in 1966 by Suzanne Batra who used it to describe nesting behavior in Halictine bees. Batra observed the cooperative behavior of the bees, males and females alike, as they took responsibility for at least one duty (i.e. burrowing, cell construction, oviposition) within the colony. The cooperativeness was essential as the activity of one labor division greatly influenced the activity of another. For example, the size of pollen balls, a source of food, depended on when the egg-laying females oviposited. If the provisioning by pollen collectors was incomplete by the time the egg-laying female occupied a cell and oviposited, the size of the pollen balls would be small, leading to small offspring.
In 1969, Charles D. Michener further expanded Batra’s classification with his comparative study of social behavior in bees. He observed multiple species of bees (Apoidea) in order to investigate the different levels of animal sociality, all of which are different stages that a colony may pass through. Eusociality, which is the highest level of animal sociality a species can attain, specifically had three characteristics that distinguished it from the other levels:
E. O. Wilson then extended the terminology to include other social insects; such as ants, wasps, and termites. Originally, it was defined to include organisms (only invertebrates) that had the following three features:
As eusociality became a recognized widespread phenomenon, however, it was also discovered in Chordata, specifically Rodentia.
Further research also distinguished another possible important criterion for eusociality, known as “the point of no return”. This phenomenon is characterized by eusocial individuals that become fixed into one behavioral group, which usually occurs before reproductive maturity. This prevents them from transitioning between behavioral groups and creates an animal society that is truly dependent on each other for survival and reproductive success. For many insects, this irreversibility has changed the anatomy of the worker caste, which is sterile and provides support for the reproductive caste.
Examples.
Most eusocial societies exist in arthropods, while few are found in mammals.
In insects.
The order Hymenoptera contains the largest group of eusocial insects, including ants, bees, and waspsthose with reproductive “queens” and more or less sterile “workers” and/or “soldiers” that perform specialized tasks. While only a small percentage of species in bees (family Apidae) and wasps (Sphecidae and Vespidae) are eusocial, nearly all species of ants (Formicidae) are eusocial. "Polistes metricus" and "Polistes annularis" are wasps that demonstrate eusocial behavior. An acrobat ant is an example of ant that shows eusocial behavior. Other examples of organisms that use the eusocial colony structure are "Eciton burchellii", an army ant species, and red harvester ants. Eusociality in these families of organisms is likely managed by a set of pheromones that alter the behavior of specific castes in the colony. These pheromones may act across different species, as have been observed in "Apis andreniformis" (black dwarf honey bee), where worker bees were under the influence of queen pheromone from the related "Apis florea" (red dwarf honey bee). Such a phenomenon of reproductive specialization generally involves the production of sterile members of the species, which carry out specialized tasks to care for the reproductive members. It can manifest in the appearance of individuals within a group whose behavior or morphology is modified for group defense, including self-sacrificing behavior ("altruism"). An excellent example of a species whose sterile caste displays this altruistic behavior is "Myrmecocystus mexicanus", or one of the species of honey ant. Select sterile workers fill their abdomens with liquid food until they become immobile and hang from the ceilings of the underground nests, acting as food storage for the rest of the colony.
Termites (order Isoptera) make up another large portion of highly advanced eusocial animals. The colony is differentiated into various castes: the queen and king are the sole reproducing individuals; workers forage and maintain food and resources; and soldiers defend the colony against ant attacks. The latter two castes, which are sterile and perform highly specialized, complex social behaviors, are derived from different stages of pluripotent larvae produced by the reproductive caste. Some soldiers have jaws so enlarged (specialized for defense and attack) that they are unable to feed for themselves and must be fed by workers.
"Austroplatypus incompertus", a species of weevil native to Australia, is the first beetle (order Coleoptera) to be recognized as eusocial. Also known as the “ambrosia beetle,” this species forms colonies in which a single female is fertilized and protected by many unfertilized females which also serve as workers excavating tunnels in trees. The ambrosia beetle also participates in cooperative brood care, in which individuals care for juveniles that are not their own.
Recently, some species of gall-making aphids (order Hemiptera), including the gall-forming aphid, "Pemphigus spyrothecae", and thrips (order Thysanoptera), small insects that live in and feed on plant tissue, were also found to be eusocial. These species have very high relatedness among individuals due to their partially asexual mode of reproduction (sterile soldier castes being clones of the reproducing female), but the gall-inhabiting behavior gives these species a defensible resource that sets them apart from related species with similar genetics. They produce soldier castes capable of fortress defense and protection of their colony against both predators and competitors. In these groups, therefore, high relatedness alone does not lead to the evolution of social behavior, but requires that groups occur in a restricted, shared area. These species have morphologically distinct soldier castes that defend against kleptoparasites (parasitism by theft) and are able to reproduce parthenogenetically (without fertilization).
In crustaceans.
Eusociality has also arisen among some crustaceans that live in groups in a restricted area. "Synalpheus regalis", parasitic shrimp that rely on fortress defense and live in groups of closely related individuals in tropical reefs and sponges, live eusocially with a single breeding female and a large number of male defenders, armed with enlarged snapping claws. As with other eusocial societies, there is a single shared living space for the colony members, and the non-breeding members act to defend it.
In mammals.
Mammalian examples include the naked mole rat and the Damaraland mole rat ("Heterocephalus glaber" & "Fukomys damarensis", respectively), two species of vertebrates that are diploid and highly inbred. Usually living in harsh or limiting environments, these mole rats aid in raising siblings and relatives born to a single reproductive queen. However, this classification is controversial owing to disputed definitions of 'eusociality.' A study conducted by O’Riain and Faulkes in 2008 suggests that due to regular inbreeding avoidance, mole rats sometimes outbreed and establish new colonies when resources are sufficient. Thus, it is uncertain whether mole rats classify as true eusocial organisms, since their social behavior depends largely on their resources and environment.
Evolution.
Phylogenetic distribution.
 Eusociality is a rare but widespread phenomenon originating in members of the seven aforementioned orders- Rodentia (mole rats), Decapoda (snapping shrimp), Thysanoptera (thrips), Hemiptera (aphids), Isoptera (termites), Coleoptera (ambrosia beetles), and Hymenoptera (ants, bees, and wasps). All species of termites are eusocial, and it is believed that they were the first eusocial animals to evolve, sometime in the upper Jurassic period (~150 million years ago). All other orders also contain non-eusocial species, including many lineages where eusociality was inferred to be the ancestral state. Thus the number of independent evolutions of eusociality is still under investigation.
Paradox.
Eusocial animals have appeared paradoxical to many theorists of the field of evolution: if adaptive evolution unfolds by differential survival of individuals, how can individuals incapable of passing on their genes possibly evolve and persist? In Origin of Species (first edition, Ch. 8), Darwin referred to the existence of sterile castes as the "one special difficulty, which at first appeared to me insuperable, and actually fatal to my theory." Darwin anticipated that a possible resolution to the paradox might lie in the close family relationship, which W.D. Hamilton would later quantify with his inclusive fitness theory.
Inclusive fitness and haplodiploidy.
According to inclusive fitness theory, organisms can gain fitness not just through increasing their own reproductive output, but also via increasing the reproductive output of other individuals that share their genes, especially their close relatives. Individuals will be selected to help their relatives when the cost of helping is less than the benefit gained by their relative multiplied by the fraction of genes that they share, i.e. when "Cost < relatedness * Benefit". Under inclusive fitness theory, the necessary conditions for eusociality to evolve are more easily fulfilled by haplodiploid species because of their unusual relatedness structure. 
In haplodiploid species, females develop from fertilized eggs and males develop from unfertilized eggs. Because a male is haploid, his daughters will share 100% of his genes and 50% of their mothers. Therefore, they will share 75% of their genes with each other. This mechanism of sex determination gives rise to what W. D. Hamilton first termed "supersisters" who are more related to their sisters than they would be to their own offspring. Even though workers often do not reproduce, they can potentially pass on more of their genes by helping to raise their sisters than they would by having their own offspring (each of which would only have 50% of their genes). This unusual situation where females may have greater fitness when they help rear siblings rather than producing offspring is often invoked to explain the multiple independent evolutions of eusociality (arising at least nine separate times) within the haplodiploid group Hymenoptera.
However, now many eusocial species have been discovered that are not haplodiploid (including termites, some snapping shrimp, and mole rats). Conversely many bees are haplodiploid yet are not eusocial, and among eusocial species many queens mate with multiple males, thus resulting in a hive of half-sisters that only share 25% of their genes. The association between haplodiploidy and eusociality is below statistical significance, all of which suggests that haplodiploidy alone is neither necessary nor sufficient for eusociality to emerge. However relatedness does still play a part, as monogamy (queens mating singly) has been shown to be the ancestral state for all eusocial species so far investigated.
Ecology.
 Many scientists citing the close phylogenetic relationships between eusocial and non-eusocial species are making the case that environmental factors are especially important in the evolution of eusociality. The relevant factors primarily involve the distribution of food and predators.
 With the exception of some aphids, all eusocial species live in a communal nest which provides both shelter and access to food resources. Mole rats and ants live in underground burrows; wasps, bees, and some termites build above-ground hives; thrips and aphids inhabit galls (neoplastic outgrowths) induced on plants; ambrosia beetles and some termites nest together in dead wood; and snapping shrimp inhabit crevices in marine sponges. For many species the habitat outside the nest is often extremely arid or barren, creating such a high cost to dispersal that the chance to take over the colony following parental death is greater than the chance of dispersing to form a new colony. Defense of such fortresses from both predators and competitors often favors the evolution of non-reproductive soldier castes, while the high costs of nest construction and expansion favor non-reproductive worker castes.
The importance of ecology is supported by evidence such as experimentally induced reproductive division of labor, for example when normally solitary queens are forced together. Conversely, female Damarland mole rats undergo hormonal changes that promote dispersal after periods of high rainfall, supporting the plasticity of eusocial traits in response to environmental cues.
Multilevel selection.
Once pre-adaptations such as group formation, nest building, high cost of dispersal, and morphological variation are present, between-group competition has been cited as a quintessential force in the transition to advanced eusociality. Because the hallmarks of eusociality will produce an extremely altruistic society, such groups will out-reproduce their less cooperative competitors, eventually eliminating all non-eusocial groups from a species.
Multilevel selection has been heavily criticized by some for its conflict with the kin selection theory.
Physiological and developmental mechanisms.
An understanding of the physiological causes and consequences of the eusocial condition has been somewhat slow; nonetheless, major advancements have been made in learning more about the mechanistic and developmental processes that lead to eusociality.
Involvement of pheromones.
Pheromones are thought to play an important role in the physiological mechanisms underlying the development and maintenance of eusociality. The most well-studied queen pheromone system in social insects is that of the honey bee "Apis mellifera". Queen mandibular glands were found to produce a mixture of five compounds, three aliphatic and two aromatic, which have been found to control workers. Mandibular gland extracts inhibit workers from constructing queen cells in which new queens are reared which can delay the hormonally based behavioral development of workers and can suppress ovarian development in workers. Both behavioral effects mediated by the nervous system often leading to recognition of queens (releaser) and physiological effects on the reproductive and endocrine system (primer) are attributed to the same pheromones. These pheromones volatilize or are deactivated within thirty minutes, allowing workers to respond rapidly to the loss of their queen.
The levels of two of the aliphatic compounds increase rapidly in virgin queens within the first week after eclosion (emergence from the pupal case), which is consistent with their roles as sex attractants during the mating flight. It is only after a queen is mated and begins laying eggs, however, that the full blend of compounds is made. The physiological factors regulating reproductive development and pheromone production are unknown.
In several ant species, reproductive activity has also been associated with pheromone production by queens. In general, mated egg laying queens are attractive to workers whereas young winged virgin queens, which are not yet mated, elicit little or no response. However, very little is known about when pheromone production begins during the initiation of reproductive activity or about the physiological factors regulating either reproductive development or queen pheromone production in ants.
Among ants, the queen pheromone system of the fire ant "Solenopsis invicta" is particularly well studied. Both releaser and primer pheromones have been demonstrated in this species. A queen recognition (releaser) hormone is stored in the poison sac along with three other compounds. These compounds were reported to elicit a behavioral response from workers. Several primer effects have also been demonstrated. Pheromones initiate reproductive development in new winged females, called female sexuals. These chemicals also inhibit workers from rearing male and female sexuals, suppress egg production in other queens of multiple queen colonies and cause workers to execute excess queens. The action of these pheromones together maintains the eusocial phenotype which includes one queen supported by sterile workers and sexually active males (drones). In queenless colonies that lack such pheromones, winged females will quickly shed their wings, develop ovaries and lay eggs. These virgin replacement queens assume the role of the queen and even start to produce queen pheromones. There is also evidence that queen weaver ants "Oecophylla longinoda" have a variety of exocrine glands that produce pheromones, which prevent workers from laying reproductive eggs.
The mode of action of inhibitory pheromones which prevent the development of eggs in workers has been convincingly demonstrated in the bumble bee "Bombus terrestris". In this species, pheromones suppress activity of the corpora allata and juvenile hormone (JH) secretion. The corpora allata is an endocrine gland that produces JH, a group of hormones that regulate many aspects of insect physiology. With low JH, eggs do not mature. Similar inhibitory effects of lowering JH were seen in halictine bees and polistine wasps, but not in honey bees.
Other strategies.
A variety of strategies in addition to the use of pheromones have evolved that give the queens of different species of social insects a measure of reproductive control over their nest mates. In many Polistes wasp colonies, monogamy is established soon after colony formation by physical dominance interactions among foundresses of the colony including biting, chasing and food soliciting. Such interactions created a dominance hierarchy headed by individuals with the greatest ovarian development. Larger, older individuals often have an advantage during the establishment of dominance hierarchies. The rank of subordinates is positively correlated with the degree of ovarian development and the highest ranking individual usually becomes queen if the established queen disappears. Workers do not oviposit when queens are present because of a variety of reasons: colonies tend to be small enough that queens can effectively dominate workers, queens practice selective oophagy or egg eating, or the flow of nutrients favors queen over workers and queens rapidly lay eggs in new or vacated cells.
In primitively eusocial bees (where castes are morphologically similar and colonies usually small and short-lived), queens frequently nudge their nest mates and then burrow back down into the nest. This behavior draws workers into the lower part of the nest where they may respond to stimuli for cell construction and maintenance. Being nudged by the queen may play a role in inhibiting ovarian development and this form of queen control is supplemented by oophagy of worker laid eggs. Furthermore, temporally discrete production of workers and gynes (actual or potential queens) can cause size dimorphisms between different castes as size is strongly influenced by the season during which the individual is reared. In many wasp species worker caste determination is characterized by a temporal pattern in which workers precede non-workers of the same generation. In some cases, for example in the bumble bee, queen control weakens late in the season and the ovaries of workers develop to an increasing extent. The queen attempts to maintain her dominance by aggressive behavior and by eating worker laid eggs; her aggression is often directed towards the worker with the greatest ovarian development.
In highly eusocial wasps (where castes are morphologically dissimilar), both the quantity and quality of food seem to be important for caste differentiation. Recent studies suggest that differential larval nourishment may be the environmental trigger for larval divergence into one of two developmental classes destined to become either a worker or a gyne. When larvae are nourished with royal jelly, which is secreted by workers, they differentiate into queens. This jelly seems to contain a specific protein, designated as royalactin, which increases body size, promotes ovary development and shortens the developmental time period. Furthermore, the differential expression in Polistes of larvae genes and proteins, also differentially expressed during queen versus caste development in honey bees, indicate that regulatory mechanisms may occur very early in development.
Definition debates.
Subsequent to Wilson's original definition, other authors have sought to narrow or expand the definition of eusociality by focusing on the nature and degree of the division of labor, which was not originally specified. A narrower and more widely accepted definition specifies the requirement for irreversibly distinct behavioral groups or castes (with respect to sterility and/or other features). Such a definition, however, excludes social vertebrates, like the mole rats, and some Hymenoptera species, like the weaver ants. For example, depending on the availability of resources and the condition of the environment, mole rats can change between different types of social behaviors. In 2005, according to Wilson and Hölldobler, these types of animals would be considered primitively eusocial, which is different from eusocial, since the labor division is not permanent. A broader definition, on the other hand, would include mole rats because it allows for any temporary division of labor or non-random distribution of reproductive success to constitute eusociality.
In 2010, Nowak, Tarnita and Wilson challenged the theoretical explanation of the evolution of eusociality. Based on the concept of inclusive fitness, the kin selection theory considers the relatedness of individuals to be one of the most important factors that lead to eusociality. This brought up issues like the irrelevance of haplodiploidy and maternal control. Nowak et al. argued that the kin selection theory is inadequate because it can explain only a subset of eusocial populations due to its assumptions (i.e. “all interactions must be additive and pairwise” which excludes any interaction that involves more than two players). To them, the standard natural selection theory, which is a more general approach than the current explanation of eusociality, is the appropriate theory to use since it explains the same phenomenon and it would work for a larger number of eusocial cases. It also requires simpler mathematical calculations when explaining the evolution of eusociality. This paper led to a large influx of publications that refuted Nowak et al.’s ideas and supported the validity and specificity of the kin selection theory. For example, Trivers and Hare studied the haplodiploid Hymenoptera and they found that the workers were able to win the parent-offspring conflict, countering the parents’ best interest and selecting the outcome that has the greater benefit for the workers (i.e. reproductive success with shares higher relatedness to workers than the queen). This refuted Nowak et al.’s defense that future offspring development could be based solely on the fitness of parents.
Another debate focused on whether or not humans may be considered eusocial. In Wilson's latest book, 2012's "The Social Conquest of the Earth", he refers to humans as a species of eusocial ape. He supports his reasoning by stating our eusocial similarities to ants. Humans also fall under Wilson's original criteria of eusociality (division of labor, overlapping generations, and cooperative care of young including ones that are not their own). Through cooperation and teamwork, ants and humans gain a type of “superpower” that is unavailable to other social animals that have failed to make the leap from social to eusocial. Eusociality creates the superorganism. This has caused conflict amongst biologists as not all believe that a term reserved for invertebrates can explain humanity. Others do not believe that humans are eusocial because humans make the decision to be "cooperative" (i.e. babysitting a non-related child) whereas eusociality is a behavioral strategy that is not specifically selected by an individual.

</doc>
<doc id="20756874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756874" title="Lokapur">
Lokapur


</doc>
<doc id="20756886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756886" title="Ginevra Sforza">
Ginevra Sforza

Ginevra Sforza (144016 May 1507) was the wife and counselor of Giovanni II Bentivoglio, lord of Bologna.
Birth and first marriage.
Ginevra Sforza was born in Ancona in 1440, the illegitimate daughter of Alessandro Sforza, Lord of Pesaro.
She married Sante Bentivoglio, a cousin of Giovanni II Bentivoglio, on 19 May 1454 at the church of San Giacomo Maggiore.
Her first husband gave her two children: Constance (1458–1491), who married Antonmaria Pico da Mirandola, and Ercole Bentivoglio (1459–1507), a condottiero, who married Barbara Torelli.
Second marriage.
In 1463 Ginevra became a widow, and a year later married Giovanni II, becoming among other things, his counselor.
Probably a relationship already existed between the two.
Geneva gave her husband sixteen children, of whom five died in infancy. The others were:
Ginevra befriended Gentile Budrioli, wife of the notary Alessandro Cimieri and student at the University of Bologna, 
who was accused of witchcraft and burned at the stake in 1498.
In 1466 Pope Paul II acknowledged the lordship of Giovanni II and gave him the papal vicariate of Bologna.
After facing a conspiracy by the Malvezzi family in 1488, in 1501 the Bentivoglio discovered another conspiracy organized by the rival family of Marescotti. 
On the advice of Ginevra, many family members were killed in revenge.
Exile and death.
In 1505 the conspirators who had escaped the carnage petitioned Pope Julius II, who ordered Giovanni II to leave the city with his family. 
Ginevra, exiled in Parma, where she had taken refuge with the Marquis Pallavicini, 
was excommunicated because she had not gone far enough from Bologna.
Julius II refused to reverse the excommunication, despite numerous pleas, or to return the castle of Ponte Poledrano (now Castello di Bentivoglio), of which he had taken possession. The Bentivoglio properties in Bologna were looted and the Palazzo Bentivoglio was razed.
Ginevra died on 16 May 1507 and her body was buried in a common grave near Busseto.
Giovanni II died the next year.
Notes and references.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20756897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756897" title="Ethel Thomson Larcombe">
Ethel Thomson Larcombe

Grand Slam singles finals.
Win (1).
1This was actually the all-comers final as Dorothea Douglass Lambert Chambers did not defend her 1911 Wimbledon title, which resulted in the winner of the all-comers final winning the challenge round and, thus, Wimbledon in 1912 by walkover.
Runner-up (2).
2This was actually the all-comers final as Muriel Robb did not defend her 1902 Wimbledon title, which resulted in the winner of the all-comers final winning the challenge round and, thus, Wimbledon in 1903 by walkover.
Badminton.
As a badminton player, she is the third most successful player ever in the All England Badminton Championships, with 17 titles, 10 of them in women's singles, 5 in women's doubles and 2 in mixed doubles.
Family.
She was married to Major Dudley Larcombe, secretary of the All England Club from 1925 to 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20756905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756905" title="Athens Polytechnic uprising">
Athens Polytechnic uprising

The Athens Polytechnic uprising in 1973 was a massive demonstration of popular rejection of the Greek military junta of 1967-1974. The uprising began on November 14, 1973, escalated to an open anti-junta revolt and ended in bloodshed in the early morning of November 17 after a series of events starting with a tank crashing through the gates of the Polytechnic.
The causes.
Greece had been, since April 21, 1967, under the dictatorial rule of the military, a regime which abolished civil rights, dissolved political parties and exiled, imprisoned and tortured politicians and citizens based on their political beliefs.
1973 found the junta leader Papadopoulos having undertaken a "liberalisation" process of the regime, which included the release of political prisoners and the partial lifting of censorship, as well as promises of a new constitution and new elections for a return to civilian rule. Opposition elements including Socialists were thus given the opportunity to undertake political action against the junta.
The junta, trying to control every aspect of politics, had interfered with student syndicalism since 1967, by banning student elections in universities, forcibly drafting students and imposing non-elected student union leaders in the national student's union, EFEE. These actions eventually created anti-junta sentiments among students, such as geology student Kostas Georgakis who committed suicide in 1970 in Genoa, Italy as an act of protest against the junta. With that exception, the first massive public action against the junta came from students on February 21, 1973.
On February 21, 1973, law students went on strike and barricaded themselves inside the buildings of the Law School of the University of Athens in the centre of Athens, demanding repeal of the law that imposed forcible drafting of "subversive youths", as 88 of their peers had been forcibly drafted. The police were ordered to intervene and many students were reportedly subjected to police brutality. The events at the Law School are often cited as the prelude to the Polytechnic uprising.
The student uprising was also heavily influenced by the youth movements of the 1960s, notably the events of May 1968 in France.
The events.
On November 14, 1973 students at the Athens Polytechnic ("Polytechneion") went on strike and started protesting against the military regime ("Regime of the Colonels"). As the authorities stood by, the students, calling themselves the "Free Besieged" (Greek: Ελεύθεροι Πολιορκημένοι, a reference to a poem by Greek national poet Dionysios Solomos inspired by the Ottoman siege of Mesolonghi), barricaded themselves in and constructed a radio station (using laboratory equipment) that repeatedly broadcast across Athens: Maria Damanaki, later a politician, was one of the major speakers. Soon thousands of workers and youngsters joined them protesting inside and outside of the "Athens Polytechnic".
In the early hours of November 17, 1973, the transitional government sent a tank crashing through the gates of the Athens Polytechnic. Soon after that, Spyros Markezinis himself had the humiliating task to request Papadopoulos to re-impose martial law. Prior to the crackdown, the city lights had been shut down, and the area was only lit by the campus lights, powered by the university generators. An AMX 30 Tank (still kept in a small armored unit museum in a military camp in Avlonas, not open to the public) crashed the rail gate of the Athens Polytechnic at around 03:00 am. In unclear footage clandestinely filmed by a Dutch journalist, the tank is shown bringing down the main steel entrance to the campus to which people were clinging. Documentary evidence also survives, in recordings of the "Athens Polytechnic" radio transmissions from the occupied premises. In these a young man's voice is heard desperately asking the soldiers (whom he calls 'brothers in arms') surrounding the building complex to disobey the military orders and not to fight 'brothers protesting'. The voice carries on to an emotional outbreak, reciting the lyrics of the Greek National Anthem, until the tank enters the yard, at which time transmission ceases.
An official investigation undertaken after the fall of the Junta declared that no students of Athens Polytechnic were killed during the incident. Total recorded casualties amount to 24 civilians killed outside Athens Polytechnic campus. These include 19-year old Michael Mirogiannis, reportedly shot to death by officer G. Dertilis, high-school students Diomedes Komnenos and Alexandros Spartidis of Lycee Leonin, and a five-year-old boy caught in the crossfire in the suburb of Zografou. The records of the trials held following the collapse of the Junta document the circumstances of the deaths of many civilians during the uprising, and although the number of dead has not been contested by historical research, it remains a subject of political controversy. In addition, hundreds of civilians were left injured during the events.
Ioannides' involvement in inciting unit commanders of the security forces to commit criminal acts during the Athens Polytechnic uprising was noted in the indictment presented to the court by the prosecutor during the Greek junta trials and in his subsequent conviction in the Polytechneion trial where he was found to have been morally responsible for the events.
Aftermath of the uprising.
On November 14, the uprising triggered a series of events that put an abrupt end to the regime's attempted "liberalisation" process under Spiros Markezinis. Papadopoulos, during his liberalisation process and even during the dictatorship, attempted to re-engineer the Greek political landscape and failed repeatedly. Ironically, in his biographical notes published as a booklet by supporters in 1980 it is mentioned that he attended Polytechneion, the prime Engineering School in the country, but did not graduate.
Taxiarkhos Dimitrios Ioannides, a disgruntled Junta hardliner, used the uprising as a pretext to re-establish public order, and staged a counter-coup that overthrew George Papadopoulos and Spiros Markezinis on November 25 the same year. Military law was reinstated, and the new Junta appointed General Phaedon Gizikis as President, and economist Adamantios Androutsopoulos as Prime Minister, although Ioannides remained the behind-the-scenes strongman.
Ioannides' abortive coup attempt on July 15, 1974 against Archbishop Makarios III, then President of Cyprus, was met by an invasion of Cyprus by Turkey. These events caused the military regime to implode and ushered in the era of metapolitefsi. Constantine Karamanlis was invited from self-exile in France, and was appointed Prime Minister of Greece alongside President Phaedon Gizikis. Parliamentary democracy was thus restored, and the Greek legislative elections of 1974 were the first free elections held in a decade.
17 November, the date of the event, later became the name of a Greek terrorist group, in reference to the uprising.
Legacy.
November 17 is currently observed as a holiday in Greece for all educational establishments; commemorative services are held and students attend school only for these, while some schools and all universities stay closed during the day. The central location for the commemoration is the campus of the Polytechneio. The campus is closed on the 15th (the day the students first occupied the campus on 1973). Students and politicians lay wreaths on a monument within the Polytechneio on which the names of Polytechneio students killed during the Greek Resistance in the 1940s are inscribed. The commemoration day ends traditionally with a demonstration that begins from the campus of the Polytechneio and ends at the United States embassy.
The student uprising is hailed by many as a valiant act of resistance against the military dictatorship, and therefore as a symbol of resistance to tyranny. Others believe that the uprising was used as a pretext by Brigadier Dimitrios Ioannides to put an abrupt end to the process of ostensible liberalisation of the regime undertaken by Spiros Markezinis.
Metapolitefsi.
Metapolitefsi refers to the period in Greek history after the restoration of democracy, subsequently to the fall of the Junta in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20756914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756914" title="1964 Kansas Jayhawks football team">
1964 Kansas Jayhawks football team

The 1964 Kansas Jayhawks football team represented the University of Kansas in the 1964 NCAA Division I-A college football season.
Regular season.
During his Jayhawk career, Gale Sayers rushed for 2,675 yards and gained 3,917 all-purpose yards. In 1963, he set an NCAA Division I record with a 99-yard run against Nebraska. In his senior year, he led the Jayhawks to a 15–14 upset victory over Oklahoma with a 96-yard kickoff return.

</doc>
<doc id="20756917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756917" title="USS PGM-7">
USS PGM-7

All twenty-four crew members reporting on board USS "SC-1072", 28 June 1943, were received from the receiving station, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The official Reports of Changes for USS "SC-1072" provide port locations and sailing destinations as follows:
19 July 43 sailing from Naval Air Station, Cape May, New Jersey to Jacksonville, Florida
11 August 43 sailing from Pier #2, S.C.T.C, Miami, Florida to Navy Section Base, Key West, Florida
15 August 43 sailing from N.O.B., Key West, Florida to Burwood, Mississippi
17 August 43 sailing from Burwood, Louisiana to Canal Zone is located in the state of Louisiana, perhaps the 15 August entry refers to the Mississippi River as the location of Burwood?
28 August 43 sailing from Naval Station, Coco Solo, Canal Zone to Naval Station, San Diego, California
14 September 43 sailing from Naval Base, San Diego, California to Naval Base, San Francisco, California
24 September 43 sailing from Naval Section Base, Treasure Island, California to Naval Section Base, Seattle, Washington
19 November 43 sailing from NavSta, Pier 41, Seattle, Washington to Naval Operating Base, San Pedro, California
23 November 43 sailing from NavSecBase, Treasure Island, California to Naval Operating Base, San Pedro, California
23 January 1944, USS "PGM-7" departed San Pedro, California, headed for Pearl Harbor, Territory of Hawaii, in company of PGM’s 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 8 and USS Armadillo (IX-111). The "Armadillo" provided fuel and water for the PGM’s in transit to Hawaii. The Log Book of USS "PGM-3" contains the following entry for 25 January 1045 hours: “U.S.S. PGM-2 reported bad leak and was ordered by Senior Officer Present Afloat to return to port accompanied by U.S.S. PGM-4 as escort.” "PGM-7" and the remaining ships continued their journey, arriving at Pearl Harbor on 1 February. On 12 February the "PGM-7" left Pearl Harbor en route to Palmyra Atoll in company of PGM’s 8, 5, 3 and 1 and arrived there 15 February. The next day the five PGM’s continued their journey en route to Pago Pago, Tutuila Island, American Samoa, arriving there on 20 February.
Sadly, Edmund Roman Niess, Machinist’s Mate first class, a member of the crew of "PGM-7", drowned in an accident on 23 February 1944, in Pago Pago Harbor. He was buried in the USMC Cemetery, Tutuila, the next day. Niess was the only member of the crew of "PGM-7" lost during the war according to the official Reports of Changes for the ship.
The five PGM’s left Pago Pago on 24 February, headed toward Suva, Viti Levu, Fiji, arriving there on 27 February after adjusting the ships’ clocks forward one day. PGM’s 8, 5, 3 and 7 departed Suva on 28 February en route to Nouméa, New Caledonia, arriving there 2 March. The same four PGM’s departed Nouméa 10 days later en route for Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides, arriving there 14 March. "PGM-7" departed for the Solomon Islands on 15 March in company of PGM’s 5 and 8, arriving at Guadalcanal two days later. After a short stay at Guadalcanal, the ships crossed over to nearby Tulagi, Florida Islands (known today as Nggela Islands).
After a stay of nearly two weeks, PGM’s 5, 7 and 8 departed the Florida Islands on 29 March en route for Rendova Island, New Georgia Islands, Solomon Islands. On 6 April, "PGM-7" departed Rendova in company of "PGM-5" headed for the Motor Torpedo Boat Base #9, Treasury Islands, arriving there on the same day. MTB Base #9 served as the home base for the remainder of "PGM-7"’s navy career.
Two days after arriving at MTB Base #9, "PGM-7" departed at 1743 hours on 8 April for its first patrol of the coastal waters of southwest Bougainville Island. Over the next three months, "PGM-7" conducted anti-barge and anti-submarine patrols along the southwest and southeast coasts of Bougainville, the general vicinity of Fauro Island, and the west coast of Choiseul Island. The ship was accompanied on these patrols by various other PGM ships of PGM Division One as well as various PT boats from nearby squadrons.
Starting at the end of June 1944, the "PGM-7" participated in a prolonged patrol along the northwestern coast of New Ireland (island), in view, at a distance, of night attacks on the Japanese base at Rabaul on New Britain. On 28 June, PGM’s 5, 7 and 8 departed Torokina for New Ireland to patrol area “uncle.” The patrol included the coastal locations of Tambaker Point, Huru Point and Cape Roloss. The ships visited the advance base at Green Islands, arriving the afternoon of 1 July and departing the afternoon of 4 July, taking on fuel and water and doing other unspecified work during this period. The PGMs returned to the same patrol area, concluding their patrol on 7 July and arriving back at MTB Base #9 on the Treasury Islands on 8 July.
In the early morning hours of 18 July, "PGM-7" departed MTB Base #9 for another patrol of New Ireland in company of PGM’s 4, 5 and 8. At 0543 hours "PGM-7" was severely damaged in a collision with "PGM-4". An eye-witness account of the collision is available in the book "Splinter Fleet" by Theodore R. Treadwell. Heavy seas contributed to difficulties in maintaining proper patrol formation and "PGM-4" lost track of "PGM-7" on radar. Suddenly the "PGM-7" appeared off the starboard bow of "PGM-4" and it was too late to prevent a collision. Contrary to other reports, the official Log Book of "PGM-7" establishes for a fact that the ship did not sink. Quoted here are the entries in the ship’s log for 18 July 1944 and subsequent dates:
18 July 1944
“0300 underway from Sterling Harbor, Treasury Islands, en route to New Ireland and New Britain for operations in company with PGMs 4, 5 & 8 “
“0543 rammed by PGM 4 in engine room, port side. Collision piped by watch topside, General alarm dead, all hands given word to put on life jackets, PGM 4 drifted out of hole alongside port side, bow facing PGM 7’s stern, Captain went aboard PGM 4, directed all hands to abandon ship, 19 men abandon ship before ships drifted apart, Executive and Third Officer and 8 men aboard PGM 7, Executive Officer passes word to men still aboard to jettison all ammunition on starboard side of forward magazine, engine room flooded 30 inches above deck, control room had 6 inches above deck, after crew’s quarters reported by Savage, J.J., PhM1c, water up to deck boards, permission granted by Executive Officer to jettison 40mm ammunition in after magazine, Captain returned aboard in rubber life raft with Reuter, J.E, BM1c and proceeded to unload after magazine, when magazine emptied with exception of port side of forward magazine, in order to counter-balance starboard list, 2 barbettes were jettisoned, during this time the water had risen above the deck in the after crew’s quarters and attempts were made to pump out the water with a gasoline handy-billy, it failed to start and soon after Lt. (jg) Lindblooom and two MoMMs came aboard from the PGM 5 in a rubber life raft and attempted to start handy-billy, it failed and the PGM 5 sent over their handy-billy which also failed, later these pumps were operated successfully”
“0745 PGM 8 attempted to tow the PGM 7 with the anchor chain but the attempt failed after five minutes when the chain parted”
“0830 PGM 8 attempted to tow the PGM 7 with the six inch hawser approximately 200 feet in length, this also failed several minutes later when the tow line parted due to the short length of the line used”
“ 0945 PGM 8 again attempts to tow with their own anchor chain, this attempt also failed about 45 minutes when chain parted”
“1000 the gasoline handy-billy began to work and the after compartment and the tank compartment were continually pumped thereafter”
“1240 U.S.S. YMS 249 came alongside to tow us in, proceeding at 1250”
“1846 through nets, U.S.S. YMS 249 still towing”
“1900 PGM 8 received tow and brought us up to Steaming Dock, Sterling Harbor, Treasury Islands.”
“19 July “
“0000-0400 moored as before alongside Dry Dock Pier at Sterling Harbor, Treasury Islands, being patched temporarily”
“26 July “
“Moored as before”
“0715 getting underway, secured alongside PGM 4, proceeding in harbor, en route for Purvis Bay “
“0755 through nets “
“0800 PGM 4 left alongside, now taking tow, speed 5 knots”
"0800-1200 being towed by PGM 4 en route to Purvis Bay, speed 5 knots, using 1200 feet ¾ inch cable, temporarily patched on deck and port side, 2 gasoline pumps on board for purpose of pumping bilges, 8 men and 2 officers aboard"
“July 28”
“1130 Carter City Islands, now secured to Sub-Buoy in harbor, PGM 4 left for water”
“August 31, 1944” page of log
“0000-0400 moored as before at Carter City, Small Craft Repair Base, Florida Island area, in dry dock, using portable gasoline generator for ships power, crew living on base, officers living aboard, awaiting further orders from Bureau”
The final fate of PGM-7 is not indicated in the ship’s log. It was apparently scrapped by the navy due to extensive damage to the hull.
Fate of the crew of "PGM-7"
All 27 crew and 3 officers of "PGM-7" survived the collision of 18 July 1944. The "PGM-7" Report of Changes for the month ending 31 July 1944, lists 19 crew members transferred to MTBRons, Base 9, Navy 811, Treasury Islands, for temporary duty. The PGM Division One (Base Force at Treasury Islands) Report of Changes for the month ending 30 September 1944, lists 28 crew members received from "PGM-7" on 17 September 1944, with 14 transferred the same day to other PGMs of Division One (the extra crew member reported aboard after the collision).
Officers of "PGM-7" for the period 1 January 1944 to 17 September 1944
Deck Log List of Officers 31 May 44 to 30 June 44 provides the following three officers:
A. J. Malcomson, Lt., USNR, reported aboard 28 June 43, duties: Captain, Navigator, 1st Lt.
E. S. Rubin, Lt. (jg), USNR, reported aboard 28 June 43, duties: Ex. Officer, Gunnery Officer, Comm. Officer
Morgan Ellsworth, Lt. (jg), USNR, reported aboard 10 February 44, duties: Engineering Officer, Commissary & Supply Officer
L. L. Kupferberg, Ensign, USNR, 3rd officer, his signature appears on the ship log 1 January 1944 and is found for the last time on 3 February 1944. Ensign Kupferberg was the 3rd officer of the ship for the convoy from San Pedro, California to Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. Ellsworth took his place at Pearl Harbor.
Crew of "PGM-7" for the period 23 January 1944 to 17 September 1944
Crew member name is followed by the date reporting on board, date detached, rate at the time of detachment, and ship or location transferred. For men transferred to Base Force PGM Division One and later transferred to another ship of PGM Division One, date of transfer to Div. 1 is followed by date transferred to PGM ship. For Navy ratings see: US Navy Interviewer's Classification Guide 
Ray Davis, 3 January 44 to 17 September 44, St3c, transferred to "PGM-1";
William Earl Demaree, 9 March 44 to 17 September 44, F1c, transferred to "PGM-3";
August Dhieux Jr., 29 September 43 to 17 September 44, GM2c, transferred to "PGM-5";
George Paul Fernekes, 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, SoM2c, transferred to PGM Div. 1, transferred 20 November 44 to MTB Base 9;
Frank Adolph Frandeen, 29 July 44 to 17 September 44, MoMM2c, transferred to PGM Div. 1, transferred 5 January 45 to "PGM-3";
Charles Edward Gerding, 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, S1c, transferred to "PGM-2";
Bernard Golden, 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, Y3c, transferred to "PGM-1";
Marsden Donald Guild, 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, MoMM3c, transferred to "PGM-2";
Ollie David Harvey, 12 August 43 to 17 September 44, RM2c, transferred to "PGM-4";
Donald George Hoover, 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, MoMM2c, transferred to PGM Div 1, transferred 15 November 45 to "PGM-5";
Theron Wesley Horne, 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, QM2c, transferred to PGM Div. 1;
Howard Kelly Ingram, 27 July 43 to 17 September 44, S1c, transferred to PGM Div. 1, transferred 20 September 44 to "PGM-2";
Howard Floyd La Favre, 3 January 44 to 17 September 44, S2c, transferred to PGM Div 1, transferred 23 October 44 to "PGM-3";
James Edward Lawrence, 14 October 43 to 17 September 44, RM2c, transferred to PGM Div. 1, transferred 22 September 44 to USS "Jamestown";
Billy Reeves Laws, 3 January 44 to 17 September 44, S1c, transferred to "PGM-2";
Keith Raymond Lewis, 3 January 44 to 17 September 44, SC3c, transferred to PGM Div. 1;
John Edward Lyons, 27 July 43 to 17 September 44, GM2c, transferred to PGM Div. 1;
Ralph Edson Morse, 27 July 43 to 17 September 44, RdM2c, transferred to "PGM-8";
Robert Edward Musser, 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, EM2c, transferred to "PGM-4";
Edmund Roman Niess, 28 June 43 to 23 February 44, MM1c;
James Edward Ownby, 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, CMoMM(T), transferred to PGM Div. 1;
John Everett Reuter, 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, BM1c, transferred to PGM Div. 1, transferred 15 November 45 to "PGM-3";
Clarence Stanley Rhodes, 1 June 44 to 17 September 44, S1c, transferred to "PGM-1";
Cleveland Pearce Rhodes, 1 June 44 to 17 September 44, S1c, transferred to "PGM-6";
William Warren Robinson, 1 June 44 to 17 September 44, S1c, transferred to "PGM-3";
Raymond Rodrick Jr., 28 June 43 to 17 September 44, CY(T), transferred to PGM Div. 1;
John Joseph Savage, 3 January 44 to 17 September 44, PhM1c, transferred to PGM Div 1, transferred 20 November 44 to "PGM-4";
Joseph Max Smith, 28 June 43 to 10 June 44, CMM(AA);
Thomas Franklin Strobietto, 3 January 44 to 14 March 44, F2c;
John Darrell Wolfe, 17 October 43 to 17 September 44, S1c, transferred to PGM Div. 1;
Arthur George Wolszon, 17 October 43 to 17 September 44; S1c, transferred to "PGM-6";

</doc>
<doc id="20756918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756918" title="Malali">
Malali

Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Malali had a population of 1,530 with 900 males and 630 females.Malali village life is the happiest compromise between the natural and the artificial. It is a merry game between man and nature. Hence,Malali village life is the most natural life for the human beings.

</doc>
<doc id="20756924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756924" title="Mantur">
Mantur


</doc>
<doc id="20756925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756925" title="Mugalkhod">
Mugalkhod


</doc>
<doc id="20756926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756926" title="Longford RFC">
Longford RFC

Longford RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Longford, County Longford. They play in Division 1B of the Leinster League. The club colours are black and white.
History.
Longford can certainly stake a claim as one of the oldest clubs in Ireland. It is widely accepted that there was some rugby in the area during the 1890s, owing to the presence of two army garrisons. However, it was only in 1921 that the formal establishment of a club was recorded.
The club ceased its playing activities in the post-war years, but remained affiliated to the IRFU in order to secure tickets to international matches. They started playing again in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20756929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756929" title="Nagaral">
Nagaral


</doc>
<doc id="20756932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756932" title="Navalgi">
Navalgi


</doc>
<doc id="20756946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756946" title="Borg">
Borg

Borg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20756950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756950" title="Sasalatti">
Sasalatti


</doc>
<doc id="20756956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756956" title="Savalagi">
Savalagi


</doc>
<doc id="20756961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756961" title="Sirur">
Sirur


</doc>
<doc id="20756962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756962" title="Sulibhavi">
Sulibhavi


</doc>
<doc id="20756966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756966" title="Angie Chabram-Dernersesian">
Angie Chabram-Dernersesian

Professor Angie Chabram-Dernersesian is a Full Professor at the University of California, Davis. 
Life.
She was reared by her mother and grew up in the San Gabriel Valley (California) along with three siblings. She attended St. Joseph’s elementary school and Bishop Amat Memorial High School. Like her two older brothers, nephew and aunt, she attended UC Berkeley. After traveling to Spain, Mexico and Puerto Rico as an undergraduate, she fulfilled a lifelong dream and obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Spanish in 1976. Professor Chabram-Dernersesian received the departmental commendation for excellence in Spanish and was the keynote speaker for the Chicana/o graduation. While at Berkeley, also helped to catalog the newspaper collection at The Chicana/o Studies Library.
Upon graduation, Professor Chabram-Dernersesian was admitted to the doctoral program of the Literature Department at the University of California at San Diego. Under the direction of Professor Rosaura Sánchez she pursued doctoral studies in the fields of Chicana/o, Mexican, and Latin American literature. As a graduate student Professor Chabram-Dernersesian also developed a keen interest in Chicana/o theory and criticism. She published seminal articles in this field after accepting a tenure-track position at the University of California at Davis in the Fall of 1984.
At UC Davis Professor Chabram-Dernersesian worked with students in the Spanish for Native Speakers Program and developed the Chicana/o Literature Series which emphasizes poetry, theater, and the novel. She also worked to develop the Chicana/o Studies Program, both in terms of its curriculum and faculty, and was instrumental in its acquisition of departmental status. As an Assistant Professor Chabram-Dernersesian was awarded a post-doctoral fellowship at the Institute of American Cultures/The Chicana/o Research Center. As a result of this fellowship and the collaborations it facilitated, her interest turned to cultural studies and she edited a special issue of the journal, Cultural Studies, (1990) in conjunction with Professor Rosa Linda Fregoso. She also published an entry for the book, "Cultural Studies", edited by Lawrence Grossberg, Cary Nelson, and Paula Treichler (2002), as well as a number of other articles.
Her interest in cultural studies became central to a new research agenda which now focused on cultural representations of gender, identity, Chicana/o studies, race, ethnography, and multiculturalism. In 1999 Professor Chabram-Dernersesian edited a second special issue of Cultural Studies and was subsequently invited to participate in the special tribute to Stuart Hall, Without Guarantees (2000). In 2006 Professor Chabram-Dernersesian edited The Chicana/o Cultural Studies Reader (Routledge), which introduces readers to the contentious dialogues and alternative legacies of (Chicana/o) cultural studies with various critical entries. In 2007 she published what can be seen as a companion text: The Chicana/o Cultural Studies Forum (New York University Press). This Forum, which is the result of a number of interviews obtained and edited by Chabram-Dernersesian, includes lengthy introductions on the topic and a spoken intellectual history of the practices of Chicana/o cultural studies in our worlds. In addition, this edited book incorporates a valuable comparative context with the inclusion of interventions of practitioners from Black, American, Latina/o, Asian American, and Mexican cultural studies.
In 2008 Professor Chabram-Dernersesian turned her attention to cultural narrative and edited Speaking from the Body: Latinas on Health and Culture (University of Arizona Press) in collaboration with Adela de la Torre. This book argues that Latinas “experience illness within a narrative, or story, that gives meaning to what they are feeling, moment to moment” (Donald, 1998). Speaking from the Body also includes the stories of Latinas living with hypertension, breast cancer, obesity, diabetes, depression, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, dementia, Parkinson’s, lupus, and hyper/hypothyroidism. In recognition of the importance of her work, Professor Chabram-Dernersesian was selected for the Davis Humanities Institute Seminar on Health, Medicine, and Culture in a Globalizing World.
Professor Angie Chabram-Dernersesian’s current research and teaching are firmly located in Chicana/o (feminist) cultural studies, a critical intervention which she views as including representations of the body, community, health, and illness. Generally speaking, she is interested in promoting transnational/ global cultural studies networks and collaborative work teams that provide critical literacy for marginalized and subaltern communities that have not had access to higher learning and are underrepresented within the primary of circuits of cultural production.
At the University of California at Davis Professor Chabram-Dernersesian focuses her attention on mentoring undergraduate as well as graduate students. She has consistently participated in the Murals Program, the Graduate Group of Cultural Studies, and the Designated Emphasis in Feminist Theory and Research. She hopes to collaborate with scholars and students alike to create a state of the arts curriculum that creates bridges instead of borders and challenges students to pursue education as a form of social inquiry and change. Her work as a Professor is inspired in the example of her mother who encouraged her children to work hard, do the best they could, and to go to high school and college—despite the odds. Her support ethic is credited to her sister whose consistent “presence” made it possible for her to seek a path of higher education.

</doc>
<doc id="20756967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756967" title="Cyborg">
Cyborg

A cyborg, short for "cybernetic organism", is a being with both organic and mechanical parts. See for example biomaterials and bioelectronics. The term was coined in 1960 when Manfred Clynes and Nathan S. Kline used it in an article about the advantages of self-regulating human-machine systems in outer space. D. S. Halacy's "Cyborg: Evolution of the Superman" in 1965 featured an introduction which spoke of a "new frontier" that was "not merely space, but more profoundly the relationship between 'inner space' to 'outer space' – a bridge...between mind and matter."
The beginning of Cyborg creation began when HCI (human-computer interaction) began. There is a clear distinction between the human and computerized technology in HCI, which differs from cyborgs in that cyborgs act out human functions.
The term cyborg is often applied to an organism that has enhanced abilities due to technology, though this perhaps oversimplifies the necessity of feedback for regulating the subsystem. The more strict definition of Cyborg is almost always considered as increasing or enhancing normal capabilities. While cyborgs are commonly thought of as mammals, they might also conceivably be any kind of organism and the term "Cybernetic organism" has been applied to networks, such as road systems, corporations and governments, which have been classed as such. The term can also apply to micro-organisms which are modified to perform at higher levels than their unmodified counterparts. It is hypothesized that cyborg technology will form a part of the future human evolution.
Fictional cyborgs are portrayed as a synthesis of organic and synthetic parts, and frequently pose the question of difference between human and machine as one concerned with morality, free will, and empathy. Fictional cyborgs may be represented as visibly mechanical (e.g. the Cybermen in the "Doctor Who" franchise or The Borg from "Star Trek or Darth Vader from Star Wars)"; or as almost indistinguishable from humans (e.g. the Terminators from the Terminator films, the "Human" Cylons from the re-imagining of "Battlestar Galactica" etc.) The 1970s television series "The Six Million Dollar Man" featured one of the most famous fictional cyborgs, referred to as a bionic man; the series was based upon a novel by Martin Caidin titled "Cyborg". Cyborgs in fiction often play up a human contempt for over-dependence on technology, particularly when used for war, and when used in ways that seem to threaten free will. Cyborgs are also often portrayed with physical or mental abilities far exceeding a human counterpart (military forms may have inbuilt weapons, among other things).
Overview.
According to some definitions of the term, the metaphysical and physical attachments humanity has with even the most basic technologies have already made them cyborgs. In a typical example, a human fitted with a heart pacemaker might be considered a cyborg, since these mechanical parts enhance the body's "natural" mechanisms through synthetic feedback mechanisms. Some theorists cite such modifications as contact lenses, hearing aids, or intraocular lenses as examples of fitting humans with technology to enhance their biological capabilities; however, these modifications are as cybernetic as a pen or a wooden leg. Implants, especially cochlear implants, that combine mechanical modification with any kind of feedback response are more accurately cyborg enhancements.
The term is also used to address in the abstract. This includes not only commonly used pieces of technology such as phones, computers, the Internet, etc. but also artifacts that may not popularly be considered technology; for example, pen and paper, and speech and language. Augmented with these technologies, and connected in communication with people in other times and places, a person becomes capable of much more than they were before. This is like computers, which gain power by using Internet protocols to connect with other computers. Cybernetic technologies include highways, pipes, electrical wiring, buildings, electrical plants, libraries, and other infrastructure that we hardly notice, but which are critical parts of the cybernetics that we work within.
Bruce Sterling in his universe of Shaper/Mechanist suggested an idea of alternative cyborg called Lobster, which is made not by using internal implants, but by using an external shell ("e.g." a Powered Exoskeleton). Unlike human cyborgs that appear human externally while being synthetic internally, a Lobster looks inhuman externally but contains a human internally. The computer game "" prominently featured cyborgs called Omar, where "Omar" is a Russian translation of the word "Lobster" (since the Omar are of Russian origin in the game).
Origins.
The concept of a man-machine mixture was widespread in science fiction before World War II. As early as 1843, Edgar Allan Poe described a man with extensive prostheses in the short story "The Man That Was Used Up". In 1908, Jean de la Hire introduced Nyctalope (perhaps the first true superhero was also the first literary cyborg) in the novel "L'Homme Qui Peut Vivre Dans L'eau" ("The Man Who Can Live in the Water"). Edmond Hamilton presented space explorers with a mixture of organic and machine parts in his novel "The Comet Doom" in 1928. He later featured the talking, living brain of an old scientist, Simon Wright, floating around in a transparent case, in all the adventures of his famous hero, Captain Future. He uses the term explicitly in the 1962 short story, "After a Judgment Day," to describe the "mechanical analogs" called "Charlies," explaining that "yborgs, they had been called from the first one in the 1960s...cybernetic organisms." In the short story "No Woman Born" in 1944, C. L. Moore wrote of Deirdre, a dancer, whose body was burned completely and whose brain was placed in a faceless but beautiful and supple mechanical body.
The term was coined by Manfred E. Clynes and Nathan S. Kline in 1960 to refer to their conception of an enhanced human being who could survive in extraterrestrial environments:
Their concept was the outcome of thinking about the need for an intimate relationship between human and machine as the new frontier of space exploration was beginning to take place. A designer of physiological instrumentation and electronic data-processing systems, Clynes was the chief research scientist in the Dynamic Simulation Laboratory at Rockland State Hospital in New York.
The term first appears in print five months earlier when "The New York Times" reported on the Psychophysiological Aspects of Space Flight Symposium where Clynes and Kline first presented their paper.
A book titled "Cyborg: Digital Destiny and Human Possibility in the Age of the Wearable computer" was published by Doubleday in 2001. Some of the ideas in the book were incorporated into the 35mm motion picture film "Cyberman".
Cyborg tissues in engineering.
Cyborgs tissues structured with carbon nanotubes and plant or fungal cells have been used in artificial tissue engineering to produce new materials for mechanical and electrical uses.
The work was presented by Di Giacomo and Maresca at MRS 2013 Spring conference on Apr, 3rd, talk number SS4.04. The cyborg obtained is inexpensive, light and has unique mechanical properties. It can also be shaped in desired forms. Cells combined with MWCNTs co-precipitated as a specific aggregate of cells and nanotubes that formed a viscous material. Likewise, dried cells still acted as a stable matrix for the MWCNT network. When observed by optical microscopy the material resembled an artificial “tissue” composed of highly packed cells. The effect of cell drying is manifested by their “ghost cell” appearance. A rather specific physical interaction between MWCNTs and cells was observed by electron microscopy suggesting that the cell wall (the most outer part of fungal and plant cells) may play a major active role in establishing a CNTs network and its stabilization. This novel material can be used in a wide range of electronic applications from heating to sensing and has the potential to open important new avenues to be exploited in electromagnetic shielding for radio frequency electronics and aerospace technology. In particular using Candida albicans cells cyborg tissue materials with temperature sensing properties have been reported.
Individual cyborgs.
[Harbisson cyborgist.jpg|thumb|right|Neil Harbisson cyborg activist and president of the Cyborg Foundation.]]
Generally, the term "cyborg" is used to refer to a human with bionic, or robotic, implants.
In current prosthetic applications, the C-Leg system developed by Otto Bock HealthCare is used to replace a human leg that has been amputated because of injury or illness. The use of sensors in the artificial C-Leg aids in walking significantly by attempting to replicate the user's natural gait, as it would be prior to amputation. Prostheses like the C-Leg and the more advanced iLimb are considered by some to be the first real steps towards the next generation of real-world cyborg applications. Additionally cochlear implants and magnetic implants which provide people with a sense that they would not otherwise have had can additionally be thought of as creating cyborgs.
In vision science, direct brain implants have been used to treat non-congenital (acquired) blindness. One of the first scientists to come up with a working brain interface to restore sight was private researcher William Dobelle.
Dobelle's first prototype was implanted into "Jerry", a man blinded in adulthood, in 1978. A single-array BCI containing 68 electrodes was implanted onto Jerry's visual cortex and succeeded in producing phosphenes, the sensation of seeing light. The system included cameras mounted on glasses to send signals to the implant. Initially, the implant allowed Jerry to see shades of grey in a limited field of vision at a low frame-rate. This also required him to be hooked up to a two-ton mainframe, but shrinking electronics and faster computers made his artificial eye more portable and now enable him to perform simple tasks unassisted.
In 1997, Philip Kennedy, a scientist and physician designed the world's first human cyborg named Johnny Ray. Ray was a Vietnam veteran in Georgia who suffered a stroke. Unfortunately, Ray's body, as doctor's called it, was "locked in". Ray wanted his old life back so he agreed to Kennedy's experiment. Kennedy embedded a Neurotrophic Electrode near the part of Ray's brain so that Ray would be able to have some movement back in his body. The surgery went successfully, but in 2002, Johnny Ray passed away.
In 2002, Canadian Jens Naumann, also blinded in adulthood, became the first in a series of 16 paying patients to receive Dobelle's second generation implant, marking one of the earliest commercial uses of BCIs. The second generation device used a more sophisticated implant enabling better mapping of phosphenes into coherent vision. Phosphenes are spread out across the visual field in what researchers call the starry-night effect. Immediately after his implant, Jens was able to use his imperfectly restored vision to drive slowly around the parking area of the research institute.
In 2002, under the heading Project Cyborg, a British scientist, Kevin Warwick, had an array of 100 electrodes fired into his nervous system in order to link his nervous system into the Internet. With this in place he successfully carried out a series of experiments including extending his nervous system over the Internet to control a robotic hand, a loudspeaker and amplifier. This is a form of extended sensory input and the first direct electronic communication between the nervous systems of two humans.
In 2004, under the heading Bridging the Island of the Colourblind Project, a British and completely color-blind artist, Neil Harbisson, started wearing an eyeborg on his head in order to hear colors. His prosthetic device was included within his 2004 passport photograph which has been claimed to confirm his cyborg status. In 2012 at TEDGlobal, Harbisson explained that he did not feel like a cyborg when he started to use the eyeborg, he started to feel like a cyborg when he noticed that the software and his brain had united and given him an extra sense.
Animal cyborgs.
The US-based company Backyard Brains released what they refer to as "The world's first commercially available cyborg" called the RoboRoach. The project started as a University of Michigan biomedical engineering student senior design project in 2010 and was launched as an available beta product on 25 February 2011. The RoboRoach was officially released into production via a TED talk at the TED Global conference, and via the crowdsourcing website Kickstarter in 2013, the kit allows students to use microstimulation to momentarily control the movements of a walking cockroach (left and right) using a bluetooth-enabled smartphone as the controller. Other groups have developed cyborg insects, including researchers at North Carolina State University and UC Berkeley, but the RoboRoach was the first kit available to the general public and was funded by the National Institute of Mental Health as a device to serve as a teaching aid to promote an interest in neuroscience. Several animal welfare organizations including the RSPCA and PETA have expressed concerns about the ethics and welfare of animals in this project.
Social cyborgs.
More broadly, the full term "cybernetic organism" is used to describe larger networks of communication and control. For example, cities, networks of roads, networks of software, corporations, markets, governments, and the collection of these things together. A corporation can be considered as an artificial intelligence that makes use of replaceable human components to function. People at all ranks can be considered replaceable agents of their functionally intelligent government institutions, whether such a view is desirable or not. The example above is reminiscent of the "organic paradigm" popular in the late 19th century due to the era's breakthroughs in understanding of cellular biology.
Jaap van Till tries to quantify this effect with his Synthecracy Network Law: V ~ N !, where V is value and N is number of connected people. This factorial growth is what he claims leads to a herd or hive like thinking between large, electronically connected groups.
Cyborg proliferation in society.
In finance.
Due to advances in IT, human investors are able to employ super computers to engage in financial activities such as trading at faster speeds across borders than ever before. Because of the increasing reliance on artificial intelligence and advanced computerization, modern finance is becoming “cyborg finance,” because the key players are part human and part machine.
The new cyborg investor is distinct from past conceptions of investors because this new investor conception is faster, more data driven, automated, and less human.
One key characteristic of cyborg finance is the use of incredibly powerful and fast computers to analyze and execute trading opportunities based on complex mathematical models. The software employing these algorithms is often proprietary and non-transparent, thus it is sometimes referred to as “black-box trading.”
In medicine.
In medicine, there are two important and different types of cyborgs: the restorative and the enhanced. Restorative technologies "restore lost function, organs, and limbs". The key aspect of restorative cyborgization is the repair of broken or missing processes to revert to a healthy or average level of function. There is no enhancement to the original faculties and processes that were lost.
On the contrary, the enhanced cyborg "follows a principle, and it is the principle of optimal performance: maximising output (the information or modifications obtained) and minimising input (the energy expended in the process)". Thus, the enhanced cyborg intends to exceed normal processes or even gain new functions that were not originally present.
Although prostheses in general supplement lost or damaged body parts with the integration of a mechanical artifice, bionic implants in medicine allow model organs or body parts to mimic the original function more closely. Michael Chorost wrote a memoir of his experience with cochlear implants, or bionic ear, titled "Rebuilt: How Becoming Part Computer Made Me More Human." Jesse Sullivan became one of the first people to operate a fully robotic limb through a nerve-muscle graft, enabling him a complex range of motions beyond that of previous prosthetics. By 2004, a fully functioning artificial heart was developed. The continued technological development of bionic and nanotechnologies begins to raise the question of enhancement, and of the future possibilities for cyborgs which surpass the original functionality of the biological model. The ethics and desirability of "enhancement prosthetics" have been debated; their proponents include the transhumanist movement, with its belief that new technologies can assist the human race in developing beyond its present, normative limitations such as aging and disease, as well as other, more general incapacities, such as limitations on speed, strength, endurance, and intelligence. Opponents of the concept describe what they believe to be biases which propel the development and acceptance of such technologies; namely, a bias towards functionality and efficiency that may compel assent to a view of human people which de-emphasizes as defining characteristics actual manifestations of humanity and personhood, in favor of definition in terms of upgrades, versions, and utility.
A brain-computer interface, or BCI, provides a direct path of communication from the brain to an external device, effectively creating a cyborg. Research of Invasive BCIs, which utilize electrodes implanted directly into the grey matter of the brain, has focused on restoring damaged eyesight in the blind and providing functionality to paralyzed people, most notably those with severe cases, such as Locked-In syndrome. This technology could enable people who are missing a limb or are in a wheelchair the power to control the devices that aide them through neural signals sent from the brain implants directly to computers or the devices. It is possible that this technology will also eventually be used with healthy people.
Deep brain stimulation is a neurological surgical procedure used for therapeutic purposes. This process has aided in treating patients diagnosed with Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, Tourette syndrome, epilepsy, chronic headaches, and mental disorders. After the patient is unconscious, through anesthesia, brain pacemakers or electrodes, are implanted into the region of the brain where the cause of the disease is present. The region of the brain is then stimulated by bursts of electrical current to disrupt the oncoming surge of seizures. Like all invasive procedures, deep brain stimulation may put the patient at a higher risk. However, there have been more improvements in recent years with deep brain stimulation than any available drug treatment.
Retinal implants are another form of cyborgization in medicine. The theory behind retinal stimulation to restore vision to people suffering from retinitis pigmentosa and vision loss due to aging (conditions in which people have an abnormally low amount of ganglion cells) is that the retinal implant and electrical stimulation would act as a substitute for the missing ganglion cells (cells which connect the eye to the brain.)
While work to perfect this technology is still being done, there have already been major advances in the use of electronic stimulation of the retina to allow the eye to sense patterns of light. A specialized camera is worn by the subject, such as on the frames of their glasses, which converts the image into a pattern of electrical stimulation. A chip located in the user's eye would then electrically stimulate the retina with this pattern by exciting certain nerve endings which transmit the image to the optic centers of the brain and the image would then appear to the user. If technological advances proceed as planned this technology may be used by thousands of blind people and restore vision to most of them.
A similar process has been created to aide people who have lost their vocal cords. This experimental device would do away with previously used robotic sounding voice simulators. The transmission of sound would start with a surgery to redirect the nerve that controls the voice and sound production to a muscle in the neck, where a nearby sensor would be able to pick up its electrical signals. The signals would then move to a processor which would control the timing and pitch of a voice simulator. That simulator would then vibrate producing a multitonal sound which could be shaped into words by the mouth.
An August 26, 2012 article from Harvard University's homepage, by Peter Reuell of the Harvard Gazette, proceeds to discuss three-dimensional cyborg tissue research, published in the journal Nature Materials, with possible medical implications done by Charles M. Lieber, the Mark Hyman Jr. Professor of Chemistry, and Daniel Kohane, a Harvard Medical School Anesthesiology Professor at Boston Children's Hospital.
In the military.
Military organizations' research has recently focused on the utilisation of cyborg animals for the purposes of a supposed tactical advantage. DARPA has announced its interest in developing "cyborg insects" to transmit data from sensors implanted into the insect during the pupal stage. The insect's motion would be controlled from a Micro-Electro-Mechanical System (MEMS) and could conceivably survey an environment or detect explosives and gas. Similarly, DARPA is developing a neural implant to remotely control the movement of sharks. The shark's unique senses would then be exploited to provide data feedback in relation to enemy ship movement or underwater explosives.
In 2006, researchers at Cornell University invented a new surgical procedure to implant artificial structures into insects during their metamorphic development. The first insect cyborgs, moths with integrated electronics in their thorax, were demonstrated by the same researchers. The initial success of the techniques has resulted in increased research and the creation of a program called Hybrid-Insect-MEMS, HI-MEMS. Its goal, according to DARPA's Microsystems Technology Office, is to develop "tightly coupled machine-insect interfaces by placing micro-mechanical systems inside the insects during the early stages of metamorphosis".
The use of neural implants has recently been attempted, with success, on roaches. Surgically applied electrodes were put on the insect, which were remotely controlled by a human. The results, although sometimes different, basically showed that the roach could be controlled by the impulses it received through the electrodes. DARPA is now funding this research because of its obvious beneficial applications to the military and other areas
In 2009 at the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Micro-electronic mechanical systems (MEMS) conference in Italy, researchers demonstrated the first "wireless" flying-beetle cyborg. Engineers at the University of California at Berkeley have pioneered the design of a "remote controlled beetle", funded by the DARPA HI-MEMS Program. Filmed evidence of this can be viewed here. This was followed later that year by the demonstration of wireless control of a "lift-assisted" moth-cyborg.
Eventually researchers plan to develop HI-MEMS for dragonflies, bees, rats and pigeons. For the HI-MEMS cybernetic bug to be considered a success, it must fly from a starting point, guided via computer into a controlled landing within of a specific end point. Once landed, the cybernetic bug must remain in place.
In art.
The concept of the cyborg is often associated with science fiction. However, many artists have tried to create public awareness of cybernetic organisms; these can range from paintings to installations. Some artists who create such works are Neil Harbisson, Patricia Piccinini, Steve Mann, Orlan, H.R. Giger, Lee Bul, Wafaa Bilal, Tim Hawkinson and Stelarc.
Stelarc is a performance artist who has visually probed and acoustically amplified his body. He uses medical instruments, prosthetics, robotics, virtual reality systems, the Internet and biotechnology to explore alternate, intimate and involuntary interfaces with the body. He has made three films of the inside of his body and has performed with a third hand and a virtual arm. Between 1976–1988 he completed 25 body suspension performances with hooks into the skin. For 'Third Ear' he surgically constructed an extra ear within his arm that was internet enabled, making it a publicly accessible acoustical organ for people in other places. He is presently performing as his avatar from his second life site.
Tim Hawkinson promotes the idea that bodies and machines are coming together as one, where human features are combined with technology to create the Cyborg. Hawkinson's piece "Emoter" presented how society is now dependent on technology.
Wafaa Bilal is an Iraqi-American performance artist who had a small 10 megapixel digital camera surgically implanted into the back of his head, part of a project entitled 3rd I. For one year, beginning 15 December 2010, an image is captured once per minute 24 hours a day and streamed live to and the Mathaf: Arab Museum of Modern Art. The site also displays Bilal's location via GPS. Bilal says that the reason why he put the camera in the back of the head was to make an "allegorical statement about the things we don't see and leave behind." As a professor at NYU, this project has raised privacy issues, and so Bilal has been asked to ensure that his camera does not take photographs in NYU buildings.
Machines are becoming more ubiquitous in the artistic process itself, with computerized drawing pads replacing pen and paper, and drum machines becoming nearly as popular as human drummers. This is perhaps most notable in generative art and music. Composers such as Brian Eno have developed and utilized software which can build entire musical scores from a few basic mathematical parameters.
Scott Draves is a generative artist whose work is explicitly described as a "cyborg mind". His Electric Sheep project generates abstract art by combining the work of many computers and people over the internet.
Artists as cyborgs.
Artists have explored the term cyborg from a perspective involving imagination. Some work to make an abstract idea of technological and human-bodily union apparent to reality in an art form utilizing varying mediums, from sculptures and drawings to digital renderings.
Artists that seek to make cyborg-based fantasies a reality often call themselves cyborg artists, or may consider their artwork "cyborg". How an artist or their work may be considered cyborg will vary depending upon the interpreter's flexibility with the term.
Scholars that rely upon a strict, technical description of cyborg, often going by Norbert Wiener's cybernetic theory and Manfred E. Clynes and Nathan S. Kline's first use of the term, would likely argue that most cyborg artists do not qualify to be considered cyborgs. Scholars considering a more flexible description of cyborgs may argue it incorporates more than cybernetics. Others may speak of defining subcategories, or specialized cyborg types, that qualify different levels of cyborg at which technology influences an individual. This may range from technological instruments being external, temporary, and removable to being fully integrated and permanent. Nonetheless, cyborg artists are artists. Being so, it can be expected for them to incorporate the cyborg idea rather than a strict, technical representation of the term, seeing how their work will sometimes revolve around other purposes outside of cyborgism.
In body modification.
As medical technology becomes more advanced, some techniques and innovations are adopted by the body modification community. While not yet cyborgs in the strict definition of Manfred Clynes and Nathan Kline, technological developments like implantable silicon silk electronics, augmented reality are bridging the disconnect between technology and the body. Hypothetical technologies such as digital tattoo interfaces would blend body modification aesthetics with interactivity and functionality, bringing a transhumanist way of life into present day reality.
In popular culture.
Cyborgs have become a well-known part of science fiction literature and other media. Although many of these characters may be technically androids, they are often referred to as cyborgs. Well-known examples from film and television include RoboCop, Terminators, Evangelion, The Six Million Dollar Man, Replicants from "Blade Runner", Daleks and Cybermen from "Doctor Who", the Borg from "Star Trek", Darth Vader and General Grievous from "Star Wars", Inspector Gadget, and Cylons from the 2004 "Battlestar Galactica" series. From manga and anime are characters such as 8 Man (the inspiration for "RoboCop"), Kamen Rider, "Ghost in the Shell's" Motoko Kusanagi, as well as characters from western comic books like Tony Stark (after his Extremis and Bleeding Edge armor) and Victor "Cyborg" Stone. The "Deus Ex" videogame series deals extensively with the near-future rise of cyborgs and their corporate ownership, as does the "Syndicate" series.
Cyborgization in critical deaf studies.
Joseph Michael Valente, describes "cyborgization" as an attempt to codify "normalization" through cochlear implantation in young deaf children. Drawing from Paddy Ladd's work on Deaf epistemology and Donna Haraway's Cyborg ontology, Valente "use the concept of the cyborg as a way of agitating constructions of cyborg perfection (for the deaf child that would be to become fully hearing)". He claims that cochlear implant manufacturers advertise and sell cochlear implants as a mechanical device as well as an uncomplicated medical "miracle cure". Valente criticizes cochlear implant researchers whose studies largely to date do not include cochlear implant recipients, despite cochlear implants having been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) since 1984. Pamela J. Kincheloe discusses the representation of the cochlear implant in media and popular culture as a case study for present and future responses to human alteration and enhancement.
Cyborg Foundation.
In 2010, the Cyborg Foundation became the world's first international organization dedicated to help humans become cyborgs. The foundation was created by cyborg Neil Harbisson and Moon Ribas as a response to the growing amount of letters and emails received from people around the world interested in becoming a cyborg. The foundation's main aims are to extend human senses and abilities by creating and applying cybernetic extensions to the body, to promote the use of cybernetics in cultural events and to defend cyborg rights. In 2010, the foundation, based in Mataró (Barcelona), was the overall winner of the Cre@tic Awards, organized by Tecnocampus Mataró.
In 2012, Spanish film director Rafel Duran Torrent, created a short film about the Cyborg Foundation. In 2013, the film won the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival's Focus Forward Filmmakers Competition and was awarded with $100,000 USD.

</doc>
<doc id="20756969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756969" title="Todalbagi">
Todalbagi

Demographics.
As of the 2001 India census, Todalbagi had a population of 7369 with 3755 males and 3614 females.
See also.
Famous Personalities
Schools & Colleges

</doc>
<doc id="20756973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756973" title="Tungal">
Tungal

Demographics.
Savalagi is nearest place to Tungal, maximum people of Tungal grow Sugarcane, Wheat, Jowar, Cotton as major crops. It is governed by Gram Panchayati, all public problems are taken care of by Gram Panchayati Chairman. Educational system especially till 10th standard is good and for further education students go to nearby cities which have good colleges. Every year Darga modinsabha festival, Okli, urs, and other festivals are celebrated with much fan-fare. Each and every house participate in all the festivals irrespective of caste and creed. Lots of bus facilities are available to and for Jamkhandi and Athani.

</doc>
<doc id="20756979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756979" title="Hoca Ali Rıza">
Hoca Ali Rıza

Hoca Ali Rıza (1858 – 1939) was a Turkish painter.
Born in Uskudar, Istanbul. Painted many landscapes of Istanbul and especially Uskudar. Attended Kuleli Military High School and then the Military Academy. There he studied under Osman Nuri Pasha, Süleyman Seyyid and Monsieur Gués, and graduated in 1884. From 1909 to 1912 he served as President of the Society of Ottoman Painters.

</doc>
<doc id="20756992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756992" title="Guntis Galviņš">
Guntis Galviņš

Guntis Galviņš (born January 25, 1986) is a Latvian professional ice-hockey player, who currently plays for AIK Ishockey in the SHL. He has played for the Latvian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20757000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757000" title="Michael Marrone (footballer)">
Michael Marrone (footballer)

Michael Marrone (born 27 January 1987) is an Australian footballer who plays for Adelaide United in the A-League.
Club career.
Marrone made his professional debut on 18 December 2008 in the FIFA Club World Cup fifth-placed match against Al-Ahly. He came off the bench in the 54th minute to replace Daniel Mullen.
On 25 January 2009, he made his A-League debut for Adelaide United against the Central Coast Mariners.
On 3 March 2009, Marrone was signed to a full senior contract for Adelaide after having played for their youth squad. He played 26 games for Adelaide United before signing with the new team Melbourne Heart.
On 30 April 2010, it was announced that Marrone had signed with new A-League club Melbourne Heart for two years. He has played regularly at right back for the new club, and missed only one game in their inaugural season, which was the third Melbourne derby. In the fourth round of the season, he scored an own goal for Heart, in a match which was to end up a 2–2 draw with Perth Glory.
After the end of his first season with Melbourne Heart, Marrone travelled to the United Kingdom to partake in trials with British clubs Queens Park Rangers, Charlton Athletic and Celtic, and also played in a friendly match for Leicester City against West Bromwich Albion on 24 March 2011. He also attracted interest from Italian Serie A side Cagliari.
On 3 February 2014, it was announced that Marrone was signed to return to Adelaide United, after a spell with Chinese club Shanghai Shenxin.
International career.
He received his first call-up for the full national team by coach Pim Verbeek in preparation for the match against Indonesia in Brisbane on 3 March 2010.
On 21 February 2012 he was selected to play against Saudi Arabia national football team in a World Cup qualification match.
Career statistics.
1 – includes A-League final series statistics<br>
2 – includes AFC Champions League statistics; statistics included in season commencing after group stages (i.e. 2008 ACL in 2008–09 A-League season etc.)<br>
3 – includes FIFA Club World Cup statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20757017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757017" title="Mortuus Caelum">
Mortuus Caelum

Mortuus Caelum is a Hellenic black metal band hailing from Athens, Attiki, Greece.
History.
The band was formed 2004 in Athens, Hellas as a project of members from the bands Unholy Ritual, Diabolical Principles and Grumium. The band has released 2 albums first one entitled "Macto Interitum Mundi" on Blackmetal.com records and "Ventus Infesto" on O.B.S.E. productions.
Mortuus Caelum's 3d album entitled "Ad libertatem per mortem" is going to be released in 2011 by WAR Productions from Portugal.
Style.
Their style has been from norwegian black metal in the vein of Darkthrone, Burzum, Immortal etc. with some Greek black metal influences (in older releases), towards to more Aggressive style of black/death metal 2008-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20757019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757019" title="2008 Papua New Guinea floods">
2008 Papua New Guinea floods

The 2008 Papua New Guinea floods displaced roughly 75,000 people located in Papua New Guinea, prompting an international response to provide support for the region. The country was struck by large sea swells on 16 December, apparently caused by "strong storms", which affected over eight provinces and caused at least one death.
Response.
The United Nations dispatched a six-member disaster assessment team after determining that there was a high possibility of water-borne diseases spreading throughout the populace. According to early government estimates, 60,000 people had been displaced, while 35,000 were in need of "immediate aid", according to the United Nations. The tides destroyed crops and carried away farming implements. U.N. spokeswoman Elisabeth Byrs stated that displacement rates were high, with as many as "half the population of Manus Island" being displaced. Byrs also said that, "The Government of Papua New Guinea has declared a state of national disaster", adding that "a team of experts should arrive on Wednesday to examine [Papua New Guinean needs." Byrs concluded by stating that, "The affected islands are scattered and the never-ending nature of the tidal waves makes the evaluation of the situation very difficult."
Australia pledged A$1 million in support, and had already started flying food and supplies to affected areas; the relief flights were troubled, with multiple planes sustaining damage from birds. A C-130 Hercules taking off from the PNG province of New Ireland on 16 December aborted after a bird hit one of the plane's propellers. The second attempt, four hours after the first, met the same fate, with another bird hitting the aircraft while it was taxiing, causing serious engine damage to the left-hand propeller and forcing the RAAF crew to be grounded for a week while waiting for a replacement engine. 
New Zealand also pledged $300,000 in support for the Red Cross relief effort in PNG. A New Zealand councilman, Shane Bayley, flew out with the United Nations disaster assessment team, later reporting that "a lot of the food gardens in the coast villages having been destroyed; that is their local supply of food, so it's also ensuring they have a means of distribution for food supplies."

</doc>
<doc id="20757022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757022" title="United States Senate election in New Hampshire, 2010">
United States Senate election in New Hampshire, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in New Hampshire was held on November 2, 2010, alongside other midterm elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as to the United States House of Representatives. A primary election was held on September 14. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Judd Gregg decided to retire instead of seeking a fourth term. Republican nominee Kelly Ayotte won the open seat by over 23 points.
Background.
Gregg was reelected with 66% of the vote in 2004, and indicated that he would seek a fourth term in 2010. New Hampshire trended Democratic in the 2006 and 2008 elections, with Republican incumbents losing both of the state's House seats and its other Senate seat to Democrats, but polling conducted in late December 2008 showed Gregg defeating both of the state's U.S. Representatives in a hypothetical match-up.
In February 2009, President Barack Obama offered, and Gregg accepted, nomination to the position of United States Secretary of Commerce. New Hampshire's Democratic Governor John Lynch announced he would appoint Bonnie Newman, former Assistant Secretary of Commerce for economic development in the Reagan administration, to serve as Senator for New Hampshire until the election in 2010. Newman announced that she would not run for election in 2010, nor would she endorse any candidate in the race.
On February 12, 2009, however, Gregg withdrew his nomination for Commerce Secretary. He cited "irresolvable conflicts" over policy related to the Commerce Department as the main reasons for his withdrawal, but also indicated support for President Obama. Gregg continued to serve as a senator from New Hampshire, as he did not resign from the Senate during the nomination process. At the time of the withdrawal, Gregg indicated that he would not run for reelection in 2010. However, at a subsequent press conference, Gregg clarified that he would "probably not" run for reelection, leading to speculation that was not eliminating the possibility completely.
On April 1, 2009, Gregg reaffirmed that he would not run.
Meanwhile, Democratic U.S. Representative Paul Hodes began his Senate campaign. He was the only major announced candidate until Attorney General Kelly Ayotte announced her bid for the Republican nomination in early July 2009. On November 9, 2009, Republican Ovide Lamontagne joined the race as well.
General election.
Campaign.
Hodes has called himself a fiscal conservative, which has been mocked by Ayotte in a TV ad. Hodes has been criticized for supporting President Obama's Economic Recovery package, a carbon energy tax, and Affordable Care Act. Hodes has criticized Ayotte for numerous controversies. One ad was questioned Ayotte's honesty in dealing with the Lakes Region Ponzi scheme which defrauded investors of almost $80 million.
Ayotte has been endorsed by the "Concord Monitor" and the "Nashua Telegraph".

</doc>
<doc id="20757024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757024" title="18 Days">
18 Days

"18 Days" is the second single by the hard rock band Saving Abel from their self-titled debut album. It was released a little after the band's hit single "Addicted". "18 Days" has so far reached number ten on the "Billboard" Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart and number six on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The song is also featured in Tapulous' hit iPhone OS games "Tap Tap Revenge" and "Tap Tap Revenge 2".

</doc>
<doc id="20757029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757029" title="Influence of non-standard analysis">
Influence of non-standard analysis

The influence of Abraham Robinson's theory of non-standard analysis has been felt in a number of fields.
Probability theory.
"Radically elementary probability theory" of Edward Nelson combines the discrete and the continuous theory through the infinitesimal approach. Random infinitesimal steps can be used to model Brownian motion, obviating the need for cumbersome measure-theoretic developments.
Economics.
Economists have used non-standard analysis to model markets with large numbers of agents (see Robert M. Anderson (economist)).
Education.
The article by Michèle Artigue cited below concerns the teaching of analysis. Artigue devotes one page to "NSA and its weak impact on education", page 172. She writes: 
Artigue continues specifically with reference to the calculus textbook:

</doc>
<doc id="20757030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757030" title="Antonius Hambroek">
Antonius Hambroek

Antonius Hambroek (1607–1661) was a Dutch missionary to Formosa from 1648 to 1661 during the Dutch colonial era. He was martyred by Koxinga as the Chinese-Japanese warlord wrested Taiwan from the Dutch. Koxinga had captured Hambroek along with his wife and three of his children, and sent him as a messenger to Frederik Coyett, the Governor of Formosa, to demand the surrender of the Dutch garrison at Fort Zeelandia and the abandonment of their colony. Koxinga promised the missionary death should he return with a displeasing answer; Coyett refused to surrender and Hambroek was executed on his return to Koxinga's camp.
After the Siege of Fort Zeelandia, Koxinga took Hambroek's teenage daughter as a concubine. Other Dutch women were sold to Chinese soldiers to become their wives.
Antonius Hambroek, or the Siege of Formosa.
The playwright Joannes Nomsz wrote a tragedy for the stage in 1775 about the martyrdom of Hambroek, sealing the missionary's fame in Holland.

</doc>
<doc id="20757048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757048" title="Jimmy Weston">
Jimmy Weston

James John "Jimmy" Weston (born 16 September 1955) is an English former professional footballer. He spent five years at Blackpool in the early 1970s and 1980s, making over one hundred Football League appearances for the club. He also played for two other Football League clubs, namely Torquay United and Wigan Athletic. He played as a midfielder.
Blackpool.
Signed from Skelmersdale United in January 1974, Weston made his debut for Harry Potts' Blackpool midway through the 1975–76 season, as a substitute in a single-goal victory over Notts County at Bloomfield Road on 29 November. He went on to make a further ten league appearances that campaign, scoring once — in a 1–1 home draw with Fulham on 20 December. He also appeared in both of the club's FA Cup ties.
In 1976–77, under new manager Allan Brown, Weston made nine league appearances and one League Cup appearance (the latter in the first of two third-round replays against Arsenal on 28 September).
Weston made nineteen league appearances in 1977–78, the majority prior to Allan Brown's departure. Brown was replaced, in a caretaker-manager fashion, by Jimmy Meadows. Meadows gave only three starts to Weston before the end of the season, at which point Blackpool were relegated to Division Three.
Bob Stokoe was installed as Blackpool's new manager prior to the 1978–79 season, his second time in the role. Weston made 31 league appearances that season, scoring four goals.
Stan Ternent replaced Bob Stokoe in the Blackpool hot seat during the close season, and in the following 1979–80 campaign, Weston made 35 league appearances and scored three goals. Alan Ball succeeded Ternent two-thirds of the way through the season, making it six managers Weston had played under in five years at the club.
Weston made his final appearance for Blackpool in the final league game of the 1979–80 season, a 2–0 victory at Rotherham United on 6 May.
Later career.
Weston left Blackpool to join Torquay United in June 1980, making his league debut in a 1–0 win at home to Crewe Alexandra on 16 August, the opening day of the season. He played 35 times in the league that season, also playing both games in the League Cup and in all four games as Torquay reached the third round of the FA Cup. He started the first two games of the following season before losing his place, initially to Maurice Cox. He played once more before moving back to the north-west of England in September 1981, when he joined Wigan Athletic. He was Wigan's Player of the Year for the 1982–83 season, but returned to non-League football with Morecambe in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20757057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757057" title="2002–03 Iranian Basketball Super League">
2002–03 Iranian Basketball Super League

The following is the final results of the Iran Super League 2002/03 basketball season.
All-Superleague team.
'"All-Superleague 1st team
"'All-Superleague 2nd team

</doc>
<doc id="20757062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757062" title="Bratislava Stock Exchange">
Bratislava Stock Exchange

Bratislava Stock Exchange (Slovak: Burza cenných papierov v Bratislave, abbr. BSSE, BCPB) is a Stock Exchange in Bratislava, that began its existence on 15 March 1991 according to adjudication of Ministry of Finance of Slovakia in 1990. BSSE is the only organizer of the market with the security papers in Slovakia. It is in operation since 21 June 2001.
The trading started at BSSE on 6 April 1993. The seat of the stock exchange is Vysoká 17, Bratislava.
Index.
The official stock index for the Bratislava Stock Exchange is SAX (abbr. from "Slovenský akciový index"; in Slovak: "Slovak Share Index"). It is a capital-weighted index based on a comparison of market capitalization selected set of shares with a market capitalization of the same set of the reference date. It is an index that reflects the overall change of assets associated with investing in shares, which are included in the index. It includes changes in prices as well as dividend income and income related to changes in the size of the share capital.
The initial value of the index is 100 points and binds to the date of the 14 September 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20757063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757063" title="Hyperbolic law of cosines">
Hyperbolic law of cosines

In hyperbolic geometry, the law of cosines is a pair of theorems relating the sides and angles of triangles on a hyperbolic plane, analogous to the planar law of cosines from plane trigonometry, or the spherical law of cosines in spherical trigonometry.
Take a hyperbolic plane whose Gaussian curvature is formula_1. Then given a hyperbolic triangle "ABC" with angles "α", "β", "γ", and side lengths "BC" = "a", "AC" = "b", and "AB" = "c", the following two rules hold:
considering the sides, while
for the angles.
Christian Houzel (page 8) indicates that the hyperbolic law of cosines implies the angle of parallelism in the case of an ideal hyperbolic triangle:

</doc>
<doc id="20757070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757070" title="Norman Mitchell (sportsman)">
Norman Mitchell (sportsman)

Norman Frederick Mitchell (19 February 1900 – 8 March 1973) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria in the Sheffield Shield and Australian rules football with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Mitchell's three VFL games came midway through the 1925 season and were against Fitzroy, South Melbourne and Essendon. An Old Melburnian, he played his early football at Melbourne University.
As a cricketer he was a right-handed opening batsman and got few opportunities to represent Victoria because they had a prolific pair in Bill Woodfull and Bill Ponsford. In the four first-class matches that he was picked in, two of them in the Sheffield Shield, it was as a middle order batsman. He made the most of his chance in a match against Tasmania at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in 1926/27 when he scored 220 of Victoria's 552 first innings runs. Michell then dismissed Tasmanian Alfred Watson twice with the ball and also took three catches to round off a good all round performance. His only other wicket at first-class level had come on his debut against New Zealand and was All Blacks rugby player Charlie Oliver. Despite Mitchell's efforts in the Tasmania match, he wasn't picked for Victoria ever again.
Later on in his life, Mitchell became a County Court Judge.

</doc>
<doc id="20757084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757084" title="Francis A. Chenoweth">
Francis A. Chenoweth

Francis A. Chenoweth (May 24, 1819 – November 29, 1899) was an American lawyer and politician in the Pacific Northwest. A native of Ohio, he lived in Iowa and Wisconsin before immigrating to the Oregon Territory. There he served in the legislature of the Oregon Territory and then the Washington Territory, including serving as Speaker of the Washington House of Representatives. A Democrat, he then served on the Washington Supreme Court before returning to Oregon where he was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives and was selected as Speaker of the body for one session.
Early life.
Francis Chenoweth was born in Clark County, Ohio, on May 24, 1819, to Rachel Morgan and Thomas C. Chenowith. He moved to Grant County, Wisconsin, where in 1842 to the age of 22 passed the Wisconsin bar. That year he also married Maud S. Hannah Logan of Iowa, and had two children while living in both Iowa and Wisconsin.
In 1849, he moved to the Oregon Territory and the next year settled on the north side of the Columbia River. Before moving he married Elizabeth Ann Findley in Oregon City on March 27, 1850, and they had eight children. Chenoweth and family settled at the new community of Cascade, located at the lower set of rapids on the river. There he operated a business portaging cargo and passengers around the set of rapids. This consisted of a mule powered train pulling cars over a two to four mile (6 km) track. Opened in 1851, it was the first railroad in what is now the state of Washington.
Political career.
In 1852, Chenoweth was elected as a Democrat to the Oregon Territorial Legislature representing Clark and Lewis counties. Both counties were north of the Columbia, and while in office from late 1852 to early 1853 he advocated to create a new territory on that side of the river. On March 2, 1853, Washington Territory was created out of the northern and eastern portions of Oregon Territory, eliminating those counties. The following year Chenoweth was elected to the Washington House of Representatives, again representing Clark County. That session he served as the Speaker of the House.
In Spring 1854, he was appointed by United States President Franklin Pierce to Washington Territory’s Supreme Court to replace Victor Munroe. Chenoweth served as judge on the high court until 1858. He moved north to Island County after leaving the court and in 1859 was again elected to the House.
In 1863, Chenoweth returned south to what was then the state of Oregon, settling in the Willamette Valley at Corvallis in Benton County. He helped to incorporate the Oregon Central Railroad in 1865 as a shareholder. Now a Republican, he was elected to the Oregon House in 1866 representing Benton County. That session he also served as Speaker of the House. Chenoweth served as the district attorney of Oregon’s second judicial district (Benton County) in 1872.
Later life and family.
Chenoweth continued to practice law in Corvallis and live there until the 1880s. He helped organize and later served as the president of the Corvallis & Yaquina Bay Railroad. By 1885, he moved to the Kings Valley part of Benton County. His children were Ella, Lloyd, Elizabeth, William Preston, Lindus, Ross Francis, Heber, Somerville Samuel, Mary Theresa, and Robert Ulysses S. Grant Chenoweth. Francis A. Chenoweth died on November 29, 1899, at the age of 80 in Kings Valley and was buried at Kings Valley Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20757092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757092" title="Arthur Montagu Brookfield">
Arthur Montagu Brookfield

Arthur Montagu Brookfield (18 March 1853 – 3 March 1940) was a British army officer, diplomat author and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1903.
Biography.
Brookfield was the son of Rev. William Henry Brookfield, curate of St. Luke's, Berwick Street, and Jane Octavia, daughter of Sir Charles Elton, 6th Baronet. He was educated at Rugby School and Jesus College, Cambridge. He served as a Lieutenant in the 13th Hussars in India and retired from the regular army in 1880. He was Colonel commanding the 1st Cinque Ports VRC and was a JP for Sussex. 
At the 1885 general election, Brookfield was elected Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Rye.
In parliament he was responsible for the Uniforms Act of 1894. During his time in parliament, he commanded a battalion of the Imperial Yeomanry in the Second Anglo-Boer War. 
Brookfield left his parliamentary seat in 1903 to become British Consul at Danzig - then in West Prussia. In 1910 he became British Consul at Savannah, Georgia, which was a shipping point for the cotton trade between the U.S. and Great Britain.
He was appointed a Knight of Grace of the Order of the Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem in England (KGStJ) in August 1901. 
Bibliography.
Brookfield wrote five novels, a book of advice on giving speeches and an autobiographic sketch:
Family.
Brookfield married in 1877 Olive Harriet Hamilton, daughter of James Murray Hamilton of Preston, N.B. and of Buffalo, U.S.A. His brother Charles Brookfield was an actor playwright and journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20757108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757108" title="Cordeaux River">
Cordeaux River

Cordeaux River, a perennial river of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Southern Highlands and Macarthur regions of New South Wales, Australia.
Course.
The Cordeaux River rises on the western slopes of the Illawarra escarpment, below Mount Keira within the Wollongong local government area and flows generally north and northwest, joined by the Avon River, before reaching its confluence with the Nepean River, south of Wilton. The river descends over its course.
The river is impounded by Lake Cordeaux, one of four reservoirs within the Upper Nepean Scheme that supplies potable water for greater metropolitan Sydney. Located near Ryans Crossing, approximately south-west of Sydney, construction of the dam wall on the Cordeaux River commenced in 1918 and was completed in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="20757109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757109" title="1994–95 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1994–95 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1994-95 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 68th season in the Football League. They competed in the 24-team Division Two, then the third tier of English football, finishing twenty-second, suffering relegation to Division Three.
After three months of the season, manager Eddie May was sacked from his position and replaced by Terry Yorath. However Yorath's spell in charge saw the side plummet to the bottom of the table and Yorath was also sacked and remarkably replaced by the man he took over from in Eddie May.

</doc>
<doc id="20757116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757116" title="Devarajah">
Devarajah

Devarajah ("English:" Divine King or God King) is an ancient and uncommon surname of Indo-European origin. See Sacred Kingship
History.
Dēva derives from the Proto-Indo-European (PIE) word, *deiwos, originally an adjective meaning "celestial" or "shining", which is a PIE (not synchronic Sanskrit) vrddhi derivative from the root *diw meaning "to shine", especially as the day-lit sky(words such as the English "Day", Spanish "Día", Sanksirt "Div/Dina", Lithuanian "Diena" stem from *diw - literally the day-lit sky). 
Zeus, Týr, Jupiter, Dyauṣ Pitār and the names of various other Indo-European gods are closely linked derivatives of the PIE *deiwos, specifically from Dyeus and its derivatives: "dyāus" in Sanskrit, "deus" in Latin and "zeus" in Ancient Greek.
Rajah is an aristocratic title derived from the Sanskrit rājān- which is cognate to Latin rēx (genitive rēgis), Gaulish rīx etc., originally denoting tribal chiefs or heads of small 'city states'. It is ultimately derived from a PIE *h3rẽǵs, a vrddhi formation to the root *h3reǵ- "to straighten, to order, to rule". The Sanskrit n-stem is secondary in the male title, apparently adapted from the female counterpart rājñī which also has an -n- suffix in related languages, compare Old Irish rígain and Latin regina.

</doc>
<doc id="20757132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757132" title="2007–08 Maltese Third Division">
2007–08 Maltese Third Division

The Maltese Third Division 2007–08 (known as BOV 3rd Division due to sponsorship reasons) was the 8th season and started on 21 September 2007 and finished on 18 May.For the first time the Division was divided into two sections:A and B.Section A consisted of 10 teams and Section B of 9.The winners of Section A were Zebbug Rangers and those of Section B were Gozo FC.Both were promoted to the 2nd Division.The overall champions were Gozo FC who beat Zebbug 3-1.The match was abandoned on 57 minutes. The teams who finished 2nd and 3rd in each Section were to play in a Promotion/Relegation Playoff with the 10th finishing place team of Second Division.These were Attard, Xghajra from Section A and Gzira and Gharghur from Section B.The 10th finishing team from Second Division were Mgarr.Mgarr won the play-off Final and therefore each team stayed in its respective Division.
Participating teams.
Section A
Section B
Maltese Third Division 2007-08 Standings.
"As of May 2008"
Section B.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
2007/2008 Results.
Section A
Section B
Top scorers.
Section A
Section B

</doc>
<doc id="20757143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757143" title="Albert Carré">
Albert Carré

Albert Carré (born Strasbourg 22 June 1852, died Paris 12 December 1938) was a French theatre director, opera director, actor and librettist. He was the nephew of librettist Michel Carré (1821–1872) and cousin of cinema director Michel Antoine Carré (1865–1945). His wife was the French soprano Marguerite Carré (1880–1947).
For over 50 years Albert Carré was a central personality in the theatrical and musical life of Paris.
Life and work.
Leaving Alsace for Paris in 1870, Carré studied drama at the Paris Conservatoire, winning a 2nd prize in comedy, and was engaged at the Théâtre du Vaudeville, leading to a successful career as an actor, before becoming co-director of the Vaudeville in Paris and later the Théâtre-Libre and the Comédie-Française.
He left the Vaudeville to become director of the Opéra in Nancy, where he also helped institute a regular season of symphony concerts in the Salle Poirel from 1889.
Carré’s main contribution to operatic history was made as director of the Opéra-Comique, a post he held from 1898 to 1914 and then again from 1919–1925 (co-director with Émile and Vincent Isola). He worked to raise the musical standards of the Opéra-Comique and was responsible for the premieres of major operas by French composers, commissioning Debussy's "Pelléas et Mélisande", Gustave Charpentier's "Louise" and Dukas's "Ariane et Barbe-bleue", and works by Reynaldo Hahn, Alfred Bruneau and Georges Hüe.
Carré was more progressive musically than his predecessor Carvalho, from whom he took over in 1898. He had written a report for government on the management of opera houses in Germany and approached his position at the Opéra-Comique with reforming zeal, introducing many modern practices. André Messager, (a lifelong friend and collaborator on his most important projects) became the 'directeur de la musique' with expanded responsibilities, allowing him an important role in deciding the works to be performed and singers to be hired. He instituted a more rigorous rehearsal schedule and absentee policy. Carré also created subscription series in which subscribers were guaranteed that works would not be repeated in the same season. In 1899 he inaugurated a 'family series', at a lower cost and concentrating on older works from the repertory. His contract stipulated that he keep in the repertory works of composers who had created the opéra-comique genre, and also that he could not foist the older repertory on secondary artists.
He produced the first French performances of several Italian operas, including "Tosca" (13 October 1903) and "Madama Butterfly" (28 December 1906), and mounted many other important new productions, including "Carmen" (8 December 1898). He was responsible for a new production of "Le roi malgré lui" in 1929 which helped to bring the piece back to the stage.
He wrote vaudevilles, comedies, and opéra-comique libretti, sometimes with Alexandre Bisson (1848–1912).
He retired in 1936 and wrote his memoirs.
Before and during the First World War, Carré also worked for the 'Deuxième Bureau'. This was part of the intelligence service of the French army and was involved in recruiting Alsatians to the French army when the region was still part of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20757164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757164" title="Gints Meija">
Gints Meija

Gints Meija (born September 4, 1987 in Riga, Latvian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Latvian professional ice hockey winger currently playing for Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League. He was recently called up to the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20757208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757208" title="Valour (tugboat)">
Valour (tugboat)

TV "Valour" was an uninspected towing vessel operated by Maritrans Operation Company. "Valour" was built in 1975 by Main Iron Works of Houma, Louisiana and sank in the early hours of 18 January 2006 approximately off Wilmington, North Carolina. Three crew members lost their lives.
Final voyage.
On 15 January 2006 "Valour" began a voyage from Delaware to Texas pushing the fully loaded, tank barge "M 192". Prior to departure the tug's fuel, potable water and wash water tanks were topped off. All of the ballast tanks were empty. At 11:30 on the 17th, in anticipation of heavy weather, the captain ordered that the tug be taken out of the notch and transitioned into towing the barge astern. By 15:00 (3pm) that afternoon, with "Valour" making on a course of 200-225° true, and the wind having increased to from the SSW with seas, the chief mate noticed that a slight port list had developed.
Ballast operations.
The Chief Mate, who was the watch officer, then ordered the assistant engineer to pump water for 15 minutes into the #18 starboard ballast tank, which corrected the port list. At 19:30 the captain, who was by then the watch officer, ordered the chief engineer to pump out the #18 starboard ballast tank. The ballast tanks were now all empty again, which left "Valour" with a slight starboard list. The weather continued to deteriorate, and by 21:30 the winds were south at , gusting to , with seas. At 22:00 the chief mate went to the wheelhouse and told the captain that there was a slight starboard list (which was consistent with the stability letter). The wind and seas were also pushing the barge to the north, and that strain on the tow wire may have increased the list. At 22:15 the Captain ordered the chief engineer to pump water for 15 minutes into the #18 port ballast tank to correct for the starboard list. Because of poor communications and a lack of established ballasting procedures, water continued to be pumped into that tank for over one hour, at least 45 minutes longer than ordered. At around 23:00-23:15 "Valour" leveled off and began to list to port. At 23:16 "Valour" was listing to port and also began rolling to port, alarming the Captain, who then ordered the chief engineer to pump off all ballast. Twenty minutes later, that operation was stopped, and they then began transferring from the #18 port ballast tank to the #18 starboard ballast tank.
Cross-connected tanks.
Aboard "Valour" the three pairs of port and starboard fuel tanks (#'s 4, 5 & 17) were connected by cross-connect lines equipped with isolation valves. The #12 port and starboard wash water tanks were similarly arranged, with the addition of a smaller secondary cross-over line. These valves were required, by regulation, to be kept closed when underway. Nonetheless, the #5 port and starboard fuel tanks (which were feeding the day tank for the main engines) were left open, and this was a standard practice. During the post-accident dives, it was discovered that the isolation valve between the #4 port and starboard fuel tanks was also left open. In addition, it's probable (but unconfirmed) that the isolation valve on the secondary cross-connect line between the wash water tanks was also left open. The valves are kept closed to prevent hydrostatic balancing between the tanks and to minimize free surface effect, both of which are detrimental to a vessel's stability.
With improper ballast operations causing a substantial port list, fuel inadvertently began to flow by gravity (hydrostatic balancing) from starboard to port, thereby increasing the severity of the list and eventually causing the aft deck to become awash. An unknown amount of sea water is likely to have entered the #19 & 20 aft ballast tanks through their deck vents, reducing reserve buoyancy further and adding more free surface effect. To counteract this the Captain ordered all ballast to be pumped off, then agreed 20 minutes later to stop pumping ballast water out of the #18 port ballast tank and start pumping ballast water into the #18 starboard ballast tank from the sea (the vessel was not configured to allow internal ballast transfers), causing even more loss of reserve buoyancy. All the while, the barge had been creeping up on them and was now just off the port quarter, with the weight of the tow wire hanging off the port side of the tug. All of this was greatly compounded by the chief mate suffering a fatal fall down the ladder from the wheelhouse and then the loss of an able seaman overboard. Shortly after midnight on the 18th the crew finally released the tow to avoid being tripped. "Valour" continued to list and roll further to port until it was on its side, then sea water began entering the vessel through the engine room vents on the stack deck.
Sinking.
At approximately 02:30 on 18 January 2006, listing heavily to port and going down by the stern, "Valour" sank approximately off Cape Fear, North Carolina. The captain and five crew members, including the chief engineer, were rescued by the tug "Justine Foss". The chief engineer, however, died on board shortly afterward of hypothermia. A total of three lives were lost in this incident: the chief mate, chief engineer and an able seaman.
Coast Guard investigation.
The Coast Guard investigation found that the causes of the sinking were gale to storm-force weather, vessel design shortcomings, loss of stability,and human factors.
The vessel's design shortcomings included a lack of valve position indicators for the isolation valves on the tank cross-overs, and a lack of tank level indicators.
The loss of stability was caused by a failure to abide by the conditions stipulated in the stability letter. Namely that hydrostatic balancing of the cross-connected fuel tanks occurred because the cross-overs were left open, and that ballasting operations were undertaken to correct the list without first knowing what was causing the list.
The human factors include poor communications, the captain's lack of command presence, the captain's loss of situational awareness regarding the vessel's stability, negligence and misconduct on the part of the captain, negligence on the part of the second mate, and misconduct on the part of the chief and assistant engineers.

</doc>
<doc id="20757215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757215" title="Daisuke Nakaharai">
Daisuke Nakaharai


</doc>
<doc id="20757221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757221" title="Bongram">
Bongram

Bongram is a village in Gopalganj District, Bangladesh, part of Muksudpur Upazila. The village covers an area of 4 km2, and is bordered by the villages of Jalirpar, Barovatra and others two. 
Bongram under Jalirpar Union parishad was established in 1840. The village consists of three wards and few "mahallas". The village has a primary school, Eight Temples, and few community schools. Famous "Kaligangar Mela" (Kaliganga Fair) held in this village.
Non-governmental organizations operating in Banagram include BDAO (the Bangladesh Development Acceleration Organisation), BRAC, CCDB, ASA, World Vision, and HCCB. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757232" title="Horsey Browne">
Horsey Browne

William Fraser "Horsey" Browne (1903–1931) was a British army and Irish rugby international. He won 12 caps between 1925 and 1928. He started playing whilst serving as a Lieutenant in the Duke of Wellington's Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="20757238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757238" title="Lumbar hyperlordosis">
Lumbar hyperlordosis

Lumbar hyperlordosis is a condition that occurs when the lumbar region (lower back) experiences stress or extra weight and is arched to point of muscle pain or spasms. Lumbar lordosis is a common postural position where the natural curve of the lumbar region of the back is slightly or dramatically accentuated. Commonly known as swayback, it is common in dancers.
Causes.
Other Factors.
Other factors may also include those with rare diseases, as is the case with Ehlers Danlos Syndrome (EDS), where hyper-extensive and usually unstable joints (e.g. joints that are problematically much more flexible, frequently to the point of subluxation and even dislocation) are quite common throughout the body. With such hyper-extensibility, it is also quite common (if not the norm) to find the muscles surrounding the joints to be a major source of compensation when such instability exists.
Anatomical factors.
• Spines
-Natural factors of how spines are formed greatly increase certain individual’s likelihood to experience a strain or sprain in their back or neck. Factors such as having more lumbar vertebrae allowing for too much flexibility, and then in cases of less lumbar having the dancer not reaching their necessity for flexibility and then pushing their bodies to injury. 
• Legs and Knees
-Another odd body formation is when an individual has a leg shorter than the other, which can be immediate cause for imbalance of hips then putting strain on the posture of the back which a dancer has to adjust into vulnerable positions to meet aesthetic appearances. This can lead to permanent damage in the back. Genu recurvatum (Sway back knees) is also a factor that forces a dancer to adjust into un-stable postures. 
• Hips
-Common problems in the hips are tight hip flexors, which causes for poor lifting posture, hip flexion contracture, which means the lack of postural awareness, and thoracic hyperkyphosis, which causes the dancer to compensate for limited hip turn out (which is essential to dances such as ballet). Weak psoas (short for iliopsoas-muscle that controls the hip flexor) force the dancer to lift from strength of their back instead of from the hip when lifting their leg into arabesque or attitude. This causes great stress and risk of injury, especially because the dancer will have to compensate to obtain the positions required. 
• Muscles
-One of the greatest contributors is uneven muscles. Because all muscles have a muscle that works in opposition to it, it is imperative that to keep all muscles protected, the opposite muscle is not stronger than the muscle at risk. In the situation of lumbar lordosis, abdominal muscles are weaker than the muscles in the lumbar spine and the hamstring muscles. The muscular imbalance results in pulling down the pelvis in the front of the body, creating the swayback in the spine.
• Growth Spurt
-Younger dancers are more at risk for development of lumbar hyperlordosis because the lumbar fascia and hamstrings tighten when a child starts to experience a growth spurt into adolescence. 
Technical Factors
• Improper Lifts
-When male dancers are performing lifts with another dancer they are extremely prone to lift in the incorrect posture, pushing their arms up to lift the other dancer, while letting their core and spine curve which is easy to then hyperlordosis in a dancers back. 
• Bad Dance Floors
-Dancing on too hard of dance floors like concrete or pavement can be bad for lower limbs and joints. In comparison dancing on too soft of floors such as carpet gives no support for ankles. 
• Overuse
-Over 45% of anatomical sites of injury in dancers are in the lower back. This can be attributed to the strains of repetitive dance training may lead to minor trauma. If the damaged site is not given time to heal the damage of the injury will increase. Abrupt increases in dance intensity or sudden changes in dance choreography do not allow the body to adapt to the new stresses. New styles of dance, returning to dance, or increasing dance time by a great deal will result in exhaustion of the body. 
Symptoms.
The most problematic symptoms is that of herniated disc where the dancer has put so much strain on their back from hyperlordosis, that the discs between the vertebrae have been damaged or have ruptured. Technical problems with dancing such as difficulty in the positions of attitude and arabesque can be a sign of weak iliopsoas. Tightness of the iliopsoas results in a dancer having difficulty lifting their leg into high positions. Abdominal muscles being weak and the rectu femoris quadriceps being tight are signs that improper muscles are being worked while dancing which leads to lumbar hyperlordosis. The most obvious signs of lumbar hyperlordosis is lower back pain in dancing and pedestrian activities as well as having the appearance of a swayed back. All of these are signs that damage is being done, and preventative action needs to take place. 
Treatment.
Since lumbar hyperlordosis is not a fixed condition like scoliosis and kyphosis, it can be reversed. This can be accomplished by stretching the lower back, hip-flexors, hamstring muscles, and strengthening abdominal muscles.
Dancers should ensure that they don't strain themselves during dance rehearsals and performances. To help with lifts, the concept of isometric contraction, during which the length of muscle remains the same during contraction, is important for stability and posture. 
Stretches.
Hamstring Stretch
-to stretch your hamstring muscle group and the upper attachment of the calf muscle. 
Stork Stretch
-to stretch the quadriceps muscle group, especially the rectus femoris muscle, also stretches the iliopsoas muscle, and hip flexor. Especially helps with lumbar lordosis
Spine Flattener
-to stretch the long extensors of the spine and to assist in the remediation of an abnormal lordotic curve of the neck and lower back.
Mad Cat
-to strengthen abdominal, shoulder, and back muscles and to assist in the remediation of lumbar lordosis and inflexible lower back. 
Chair Hip Flexor Stretch
-to stretch the hip flexors and to assist in the remediation of forward pelvic tilt and lumbar lordosis.
Facedown Thigh and Hip Flexor Stretch
-to stretch the quadriceps muscle group, specifically the rectus femoris muscle and the iliopsoas hip flexor muscle; may also assist in remediation of lumbar lordosis.
Braces.
The Boston brace is a plastic exterior that can be made with a small amount of lordosis to minimize stresses on discs that have experienced herniated discs.
In the case where Ehlers Danlos Syndrome (EDS) is responsible, being properly fitted with a customized brace may be a solution to avoid strain and limit the frequency of instability.

</doc>
<doc id="20757249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757249" title="Malaysia Federal Route 209">
Malaysia Federal Route 209

Federal Route 209 or Jalan Pasir Hor is a federal road in Kelantan, Malaysia. The roads connecting Wakaf Che Yeh in the west until Pasir Hor in the east.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 209 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20757250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757250" title="Cruzer Enterprise">
Cruzer Enterprise

Developed by SanDisk, the Cruzer Enterprise is an encrypted USB flash drive. This secure USB drive imposes a mandatory access control on all files, storing them in a hardware-encrypted, password-protected partition. The Cruzer Enterprise is designed to protect information on company-issued USB flash drives.
The Cruzer Enterprise is compatible with Central Management and Control (CMC) server software. The CMC centrally manages the drive, enabling password administration, data backup, and termination if the drive is lost or stolen. 
The Cruzer Enterprise currently supports Microsoft Windows 2000 SP4, Windows XP SP1, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, and Apple OS X 10.4 and 10.5.
SanDisk announced the end-of-life for the Cruzer Enterprise product line in November 2010.
Prior to the end-of-life announcement, the SanDisk Cruzer Enterprise competed with various other secure USB drives, including IronKey, Kingston, Verbatim and also disk encryption software such as FreeOTFE and TrueCrypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20757253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757253" title="Aigali">
Aigali


</doc>
<doc id="20757254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757254" title="Mark Potok">
Mark Potok

Mark Potok is a spokesman and director of publications and information for the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) in Montgomery, Alabama, a nonprofit organization that arose from the anti-segregation movement to counter extremism and hate crimes.
Potok's father was Jewish, but Potok doesn’t consider himself Jewish and he was raised Christian.
He is the editor of quarterly investigative journal Intelligence Report. He has testified before the United States Senate, the United Nations High Commission on Human Rights and in other venues. The son of Joan and Andrew Potok, he grew up in Plainfield, Vermont, and studied at University of Chicago (from 1974 to 1978). He spent almost 20 years as reporter at several newspapers, including "USA Today", the "Dallas Times Herald", and the "Miami Herald".
The Intelligence Report received the 2007 Investigative Award part of the UTNE Independent Press Awards.
He has appeared frequently on the "Democracy Now!" show.

</doc>
<doc id="20757256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757256" title="Tatsunori Hisanaga">
Tatsunori Hisanaga


</doc>
<doc id="20757285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757285" title="Mohishtoli">
Mohishtoli

Mohishtoli is a village in Gopalganj District, Bangladesh, part of Muksudpur Upazila. The village covers an area of 2.5 km2, and is bordered by the villages of Nanikhir, Barovatra, Goalgram, Kasalia.
Mohishtoli under Nanikhir Union parishad was established in 1856. The village consists of three wards and few "mahallas". The village has a primary school, four Temples, and few community schools. 
Non-governmental organizations operating in Mohishtoli include BDAO (the Bangladesh Development Acceleration Organisation), BRAC, CCDB, ASA, World Vision, and HCCB. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757289" title="Takanori Nakajima">
Takanori Nakajima

Playing as a left-back he has a cultured left-foot and is considered a set-piece specialist.
Club career statistics.
Last update: 22 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20757301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757301" title="Ainapur, Athni">
Ainapur, Athni

Demographics.
TRANSPORTATION : Ainapur is switched on Athani(28 km)-Ugar(09 km) road.
Ugar is the nearest railway station to Ainapur (9 km).
Belgaum Airport is the nearest airport.
Pin code - 591303
The famous Krishna river flows through this place and this place is well known for its Sugarcane cultivation. Kannada is the primary language spoken. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757303" title="Industrial group">
Industrial group

Industrial group may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20757308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757308" title="Industrial engineering group">
Industrial engineering group

Industrial engineering group may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20757310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757310" title="Alakhanur">
Alakhanur


</doc>
<doc id="20757312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757312" title="Jun Suzuki (footballer born 1989)">
Jun Suzuki (footballer born 1989)

Career statistics.
Last update: 28 December 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20757315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757315" title="Ammanagi">
Ammanagi

Demographics.
In Ammanagi, there are two special tourist attractions.

</doc>
<doc id="20757317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757317" title="Hobovše pri Stari Oselici">
Hobovše pri Stari Oselici

Hobovše pri Stari Oselici () is a dispersed settlement south of Stara Oselica in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20757318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757318" title="Ankali">
Ankali


</doc>
<doc id="20757319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757319" title="USS PGM-17">
USS PGM-17

USS "PGM-17" was a built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was laid down and launched as USS "PC-1189", a , but was renamed and reclassified before her November 1944 commissioning. She ran aground near Okinawa in May 1945. She was salvaged a month later, but was never repaired. She was towed to deep water and sunk in October 1945.
Career.
"PC-1189" was laid down on 10 August 1943 and launched 14 April 1944. She was renamed and reclassified "PGM-17", a "PGM-9" gunboat on 16 August 1944. She was commissioned as USS "PGM-17" on 24 November 1944 and assigned to the Pacific theater. USS "PGM-17" participated in the assault and occupation of Okinawa between 25 March and 4 May 1945 before striking a reef. She was salvaged and towed to Zamami Shima, Kerama Retta and beached at Agana Ura. She was decommissioned on 2 June 1945. USS "PGM-17" was disposed of by sinking off the of coast Kerama Retta in October 1945.
Service.
After her commission, "PGM-17" was sent to the Pacific theater and was involved in the Battle of Okinawa. During the first days of the battle, "PGM-17" spotted and destroyed several Japanese mines with small arms fire. On the first day of the ground invasion of Okinawa, on 1 April 1945, "PGM-17" shot down a Japanese Aicha "Val" dive bomber. "PGM-17" spent the month of April and the beginning of May scouting and destroying mines, offering assistance to disabled and damaged ships, running supplies, and fending off kamikaze attacks.
On 4 May 1945, USS "PGM-17" ran aground an uncharted coral reef off the coast of Kouri Jima. A salvage tug arrived a few hours later and prepared to tow the ship. At first, the hull had no damage, but as high waves caused "PGM-17" to relentlessly bash into the reef, it became clear that salvaging the ship was unlikely. On 5 May, the captain, Lieutenant Edwin L. Williams Jr. ordered all hands to abandon ship. The salvage attempt was abandoned due to rough waters. On 7 May 1945, salvage ship USS "Deliver" (AR-23) began salvaging "PGM-17". "Deliver" spent five days pumping water off "PGM-17" and patching the hull. However, "Deliver" was called off to assist USS "Hugh W. Hadley" (DD-774) which had been struck by three kamikaze aircraft. It wasn't until two weeks later that "LCI-738" began salvaging "PGM-17" on 27 May 1945. After almost two weeks of salvage work, "PGM-17" was finally pulled off the reef on 9 June 1945, spending over a month stranded on the reef. Despite heavy kamikaze attacks throughout the region, "PMG-17" managed to go the entire time without taking enemy fire.
On 9 June 1945, USS "PGM-17" was towed to the Agono Urn Cove on Zamami Shima where she was grounded on shallow water. On 2 July, she was decommissioned and left until October 1945 when she was towed out to deep waters and sunk.

</doc>
<doc id="20757320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757320" title="Richard Hittleman">
Richard Hittleman

Richard Hittleman was an American Yoga teacher and author (1927–1991) who taught Hatha and Raja Yoga through one of the first Yoga television series, "Yoga for Health". 
General philosophy.
Richard Hittleman specialized in introducing Yoga in an easy-to-follow fashion to those who were new to the subject. Through his books, lectures, recordings and TV programs, he brought Yoga to more people than any other person alive at the time. He was most active (the 1960s and 1970s) (Howard Kent, 'Yoga for Health: A Breakthrough in Television Programs' in "Yoga and Health", edited by Ronald Hutchinson, Astrian, London, 1972, p. 18). It has been said that Richard Hittleman introduced Yoga to literally millions of people via the medium of television ("Yogi's Boo-boo" by Ami Chen Mills, 22-Nov. 29, 1995 issue of "Metro" and Howard Kent in "Yoga and Health", London, 1972, p. 18). His method was to start with the most elementary Hatha Yoga postures and gradually bring the student into more advanced physical "asanas" and the more profound Yoga philosophy of Advaita Vedanta. So popular did Richard Hittleman's "Yoga For Health" TV programmes become that '... the programs were repeated again and again - indeed, in New York 'Yoga for Health' was screened for more than four-and-a-half years without a break'.
Hittleman was a student of the great Indian spiritual master, Ramana Maharshi, along with Dr. Paul Brunton, in the late 1940s and regarded Maharshi as his guru. He also had an interest in Zen Buddhism, and Buddhism generally. He is said to have been working with his daughter on a re-interpretation of the Tibetan Book of the Dead at the time of his death from prostate cancer. Richard Hittleman's chief teaching was that ultimately all is only divine SELF ("atman") - the blissful mind of God - and that this divine Selfhood was present in all people, to be realized through meditation and other Yoga techniques. Hittleman wrote: "'Self' is another word for 'God'. This is the God who is the Absolute, immutable, without qualities, pure Awareness, without beginning or end." (Richard Hittleman, "Yoga for Health", Ballantine Wellspring, New York, 1983, p. 185). Hittleman further comments on the nature of the Self:
'In the Yoga scriptures, it is explained that the word "Self" is used to indicate that the Absolute we are attempting to describe is Self-luminous. It shines by its own light that has no beginning and no end. It is dependent upon nothing and is not affected by, nor does it react to, any occurrence in the phenomenal world. It is further characterized as having the qualities of Bliss and Knowledge. That is, when you manifest as that which you truly Are, the experience is one of unqualified Joy and direct (not relative) Knowledge.'
Richard Hittleman wrote numerous books on Hatha Yoga, and several covering Yoga philosophy. His style was always lucid, immensely readable for the newcomer to Yoga, yet his content was surprisingly profound (he had taken an M.A. in Oriental mysticism at Columbia University and was a friend of Alan Watts).
Although Hittleman died in 1991, some of his books are still in print, and his ground-breaking TV series, "Yoga for Health" (made in England in 1970), can still be found on DVD.
There were two later series produced of "Yoga for Health". One was done in a co production with KTEH, San Jose, starring Richard Hittleman as the instructor and master, with a male model demonstrating intermediate posture and a female model demonstrating beginning postures. These shows were produced by Mort Levit and Gabreal Franklin. A later, and last series, was produced by Mort Levit, and directed by Gabreal Franklin at KMST Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="20757323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757323" title="Arabhavi">
Arabhavi


</doc>
<doc id="20757324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757324" title="Goalgram">
Goalgram

Goalgram is a village in Gopalganj District, Bangladesh, part of Muksudpur Upazila. The village covers an area of 2.5 km2, and is bordered by the villages of Nanikhir, Barovatra, Mohistoli, Jalirpar.
Goalgram under Nanikhir Union parishad was established in 1856. The village consists of three wards and few "mahallas". The village has a primary school, four Temples, and few community schools. 
Non-governmental organizations operating in Mohishtoli include BDAO (the Bangladesh Development Acceleration Organisation), BRAC, CCDB, ASA, World Vision, and HCCB. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757326" title="Athani (Rural)">
Athani (Rural)


</doc>
<doc id="20757328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757328" title="Bagewadi">
Bagewadi

Demographics.
Bharatesh Vidyalay is located in Bellad Bagewadi. It is established in 1957. It is falmous for its Gurukul style of education. One more educational institute in the town in Mahanteshwar Vidya sansthe, giving all modern education to children of the surrounding area. 
Famous Vishwa sugars is situated in the town giving employment to thousands of the people. The steel plant is also proposed to be established in the town.
Bellad bagewadi is also known for its cricket tournament that happens every year. Teams from all over the state and goa, maharashtra also come there to play.
Town is known for its good quality sugar cane.And hence the name. Bella means Jaggery in Kannada.

</doc>
<doc id="20757333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757333" title="Karl Renneberg">
Karl Renneberg

Karl Heinz Renneberg (January 29, 1927 – October 21, 1999) was a German rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Gelsenkirchen. In 1952 he and his partner Heinz Eichholz were eliminated in the first round repechage of the coxless pairs event. Eight years later was a crew member of the German boat which won the gold medal in the coxed pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20757334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757334" title="Bastawad">
Bastawad


</doc>
<doc id="20757336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757336" title="Bedkihal">
Bedkihal


</doc>
<doc id="20757339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757339" title="Bekkeri">
Bekkeri


</doc>
<doc id="20757340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757340" title="Belawadi">
Belawadi


</doc>
<doc id="20757341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757341" title="Benachinamaradi">
Benachinamaradi


</doc>
<doc id="20757343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757343" title="Benadi">
Benadi

It is located in the Chikodi taluka of Belgaum district in Karnataka. Before it was a part of Bombay State and Princely state of Kolhapur. It is famous for its excellent quality of tobacco production. It is a part of Twin Village Aadi-Benadi. People who has origin from this village are known as Benadikar.
Demographics.
Major language is Kannada, but Marathi is spoken widely. Major Crops- Tobacco, Sugarcane, and Jowar.
Benadi is located at 15 km from Nipani and 35 km from Kolhapur.
Tourist Place and Education.
Benadi is a cool place with greenary around. As this village is near to Western Ghats, having Vedganga & Dudhganga rivers on one side and hills on other side. There is a famous old temple of Lord Siddeshwar in front of a beautiful lake in Benadi. A Basaveshwar Temple in between village. Also, famous Malikarjun Mountain is beside NH-4 highway, which is 3 miles away from Benadi. Auspicious Datta Devastan, Aadi-Benadi. It has immense spiritual, Ayurvedic and Tourist importance. Headed by Holy Pramapujya Shri Rajeevji Maharaj.
Situated at famous Malikarjun (Mallya) Mountain,Aadi. The nearest city is Kolhapur, it is just 25 miles away and is well connected by road, rail and air.
Benadi has long tradition for education. Presently, it has education facility from Primary schools to Higher Secondary College. Both Marathi and Kannada School are present in village. It has Marathi High School which was established in per-independence period, this was the school where many prominent persons from Benadi took their early education. This High School is now extended to Higher Secondary college which is named after Late. Anandrao Patil, who was one of the prominent social worker from Benadi.
Schools in Benadi
1 . KBS Benadi 
2 . MBS Benadi 
3 . SKHS Benadi 
Colleges near by Benadi
1 . Anandrao Patil P.U College 
Address : Benadi.
2 . KLE Society's G.I. Bagewadi Arts, Science and Commerce College
Address : Nipani.
3 . Devchand College, Arjunnagar, Janata Shikshan Mandal's
Address: Tal. Kagal., Dist. Kolhapur, Maharashtra India Affiliated to Shivaji University, Kolhapur
4 . Acharya Desh Bhusan Ayurveda Medical College, Latthe Education Society's 
Address : Bedkihal; Karnataka. 
5 . Shri Shivayogeeshwar Rural Ayurvedic Medical College & Hospital 
Address : Inchal; Karnataka.
Belgaum border dispute.
Benadi comes under long going Belgaum border dispute between Karnataka-Maharastra states. Mahajan Report has put Benadi in Kannada-speaking region. Maharashtra government has given Border quota for students coming from this region in Engineering and Medical field. Also, Karnataka government is providing education funds and facilities in the region. Recently, there has been increased numbers of Engineers and Medical Student from this region.
Prominent Persons.
Benadi is a birthplace to many great persons such as, prominent Cooperative & Congress Leader- Gulabrao Patil, Marathi Film Director-Dinkar D patil, Freedom Fighters- Mallapa Chougule, Ganapatrao Babar, 1st Kshatriya Kshatrajagatguru Benadikar Patil, appointed by Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj at Mouni Maharaj Math, Patgaon.[http://www.freewebs.com/mounimaharaj/index.htm]. Modern Agriculturist- Shivraj Gulabrao Patil & Industrialist Ajit alias Arjun Patil. 
Also, famous women's such as "Sarojinidevi Patil" who was wife of V. T. Patil, founder of Tararani Vidyapeeth Kolhapur and "Vatsalabai Desai" wife of Balasaheb Desai,Ex Home minister of Maharashtra had origin from Benadi. Famous Haji Ali Chowk in Mumbai is named as "Vatsala Bai Desai Chowk"[http://www.mumbaispace.com/cityinfo/newnames.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20757344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757344" title="Malaysia Federal Route 201">
Malaysia Federal Route 201

Federal Route 201 or Jalan Nibong-Jakar-Bukit Nangka is a federal road in Kelantan, Malaysia. It is a main route to Ban Buketa, Thailand.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 201 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20757345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757345" title="Bhiradi">
Bhiradi


</doc>
<doc id="20757346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757346" title="Tetsuya Ōkubo">
Tetsuya Ōkubo

Known by the nickname 'Jumbo' due to his size he plays primarily as a target man striker, getting the majority of his goals with his head. Popular with fans and team-mates during his career due to his entertaining personality he hosted a radio show while at his previous club Avispa Fukuoka.
Club career statistics.
Last update: 21 March 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20757348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757348" title="Boragaon">
Boragaon


</doc>
<doc id="20757349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757349" title="Chinchali">
Chinchali

Chinchali is a place on which the blessings of goddess "MAYAKKADEVI" are always there. The people of Chinchali worship "Mayakkadevi". There are lakhs of devotees of this goddess. Mayakkadevi is worshipped in most regions of the north Karnataka like Belgaum, Bagalkot, Dharwad etc. She is not only worshipped in Karnataka but also in Maharashtra. Actually speaking she has more number of devotees in Maharashtra than Karnataka. People from places like Sangli, Miraj, Satara, Karad, Mumbai, Karad arrive to render religious reverence and homage to her during her fest which lasts more than a month. 
There is a lot to say about this Goddess. To know more about Mayakkadevi visit the site below. Dedication of Young children to god mayakkadevi as devdasis is still going on 
http://www.chinchalimayakkadevi.com
External links.
There is a famous temple of Goddess "Mayakkadevi" in "Chinchali". Click on the link below to know more about the temple.'

</doc>
<doc id="20757350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757350" title="Chunchanur">
Chunchanur


</doc>
<doc id="20757353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757353" title="Darur">
Darur


</doc>
<doc id="20757354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757354" title="Deshanur">
Deshanur

Demographics.
Virakta Mutt in Deshanur, Belgaum has a Christian priest and Hindu Muslim devotees 
Church or mutt? A sign of hope
16 Feb 2009, 0515 hrs IST, N D Shiva Kumar, TNN
BELGAUM: In these troubled times of religious intolerance and rise of fundamentalism, a village 25 km from Belgaum, stands out as a
beacon of hope. The church here has adapted itself to local culture so much so that it is called a ‘mutt’ — — and has both Christian and Hindu features.
The walls are adorned with teachings of Basavanna, Sarvajna, Akkamahadevi, Kabir Das, Tulsi Das, Sur Das, Purandaradasa, Kanakadasa and Meera. The church priest wears a saffron shawl; the devotees, comprising Hindus and Muslim, recite verses from the Bible, Gita and Koran.
“The essence is peaceful coexistence of all faiths,’’ says priest Fr Menino. The village has a population of around 11,000 and is dominated by Lingayats and Muslims. The priest is the lone Christian member in the village.
The priest worked closely with the villagers and started the first girls’ school, helped build roads, brought post office and electricity to the village. The church runs a primary school with 459 students and provides hostel accommodation to 46 poor students. Most villagers prefer to send their children to the church school.
Though it has classes only up to 7th standard, high school students throng the church during nights to study. “We have a lot of powerlooms in our village. We can’t study at our homes due to the sound. So, we come here to study at nights,’’ said Shivanand Jawahar Thondikatti, a 10th-standard student.
Besides Christmas, the church celebrates Sankranti. “Around 3,000 people participate during these celebrations. This place is a classic example of peaceful coexistence,’’ said Fr Menino. Source

</doc>
<doc id="20757365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757365" title="Offences against the Person Act 1837">
Offences against the Person Act 1837

The Offences against the Person Act 1837 (7 Will.4 & 1 Vict. c.85) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. It reformed the law relating to offences against the person.
It repealed a number of offences under the Offences against the Person Act 1828 and the corresponding Irish Act (10 Geo.4 c.34) and re-enacted them in different terms.
Section 4 replaced section 12 of the 1828 Act and abolished the death penalty for shooting, stabbing, cutting or wounding with intent. 
Section 6 replaced sction 13 of the 1828 Act and abolished the death penalty for post-quickening abortions. Unlike the previous Act, this provision made no distinction between pre- and post- quickening abortions.
The Act has been wholly replaced by the Offences against the Person Act 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="20757373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757373" title="KrisFlyer International Sprint">
KrisFlyer International Sprint

The KrisFlyer International Sprint is a Thoroughbred horse race held annually in mid May at Kranji Racecourse in Singapore. Contested on turf over a left-handed course, the International Group 1 sprint race is run over a distance 1200 meters (6 furlongs) and is open to horses age three and older. It currently offers a purse of S$1,000,000 (About US$800,000).
The KrisFlyer International Sprint is limited to fourteen starters with the following weight restrictions:
The race is named after frequent flyer program of the title sponsor Singapore Airlines and it is run on the same day as the Singapore Airlines International Cup. 
For the first time, in 2001 the Kranji Racecourse hosted the Group 1 Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Sprint. It was raced again the following year as a Group 3 event. The event was not run again until 2008 and the race has continued since then.
From 2011 the KrisFlyer International Sprint will become part of the Global Sprint Challenge Series. The race is the third leg of the series, preceded by the Takamatsunomiya Kinen and followed by the King's Stand Stakes.
In winning the 2002 edition, North Boy set a new Kranji course record for six furlongs which was bettered by Takeover Target in 2008 and then in 2009 Hong Kong's Sacred Kingdom broke the course record again with the time of 1:07.8.

</doc>
<doc id="20757376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757376" title="Kyohei Oyama">
Kyohei Oyama

He had experience for Japan at U18, U19 and U20 levels, but was released by Avispa Fukuoka at the end of the 2010 season.
Club career statistics.
Last update: 2 December 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20757383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757383" title="Klaus Zerta">
Klaus Zerta

Klaus Zerta (born November 25, 1946) is a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gelsenkirchen.
In 1960 he was the coxswain of the German boat which won the gold medal in the coxed pairs event.
Zerta was the youngest medalist and gold medalist at the 1960 Games with 13 years and 283 days. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757391" title="Menstrual psychosis">
Menstrual psychosis

Definition.
This is a comparatively uncommon form of severe mental illness, with the following characteristics:
History.
Abnormal behaviour linked to menstruation was first noticed in the 19th century, and, as early as 1825, menstrual mood disorder was used to acquit a mother convicted of infanticide. The first descriptions of psychosis appeared about 1850. In 1902, the renowned forensic psychiatrist and sexologist, Richard v. Krafft-Ebing published a monograph with many case descriptions and a temporal classification. About 250 cases have now been described, of which 80 have substantial evidence.
Examples.
A German woman had her first attack of mania at 27. She then began to suffer from brief episodes lasting only 10 days, that returned every month for two years. For 15 episodes the onsets of psychosis and the menses were precisely dated. Cycle length averaged 25 days. The spread of episode onsets was from 2 days before to 6 days after the beginning of menstrual bleeding. The probability that such a close connection could arise by chance is less than .000001.
Another German woman, having 36 years and 8 children, suddenly expressed the idea that her husband was the King of Bavaria and then lapsed into stupor. She recovered after 12 days, without the slightest trace of illness. But she had 53 recurrences during the next 12 years, with a variety of clinical pictures including delusional depression, stupor, mania and acute polymorphic episodes. Those accurately dated started between six days before the onset of menstrual bleeding to one day after it. Irradiation and surgical removal of the ovaries had no effect.
Clinical features.
The overwhelming majority of these patients have evidence of manic depression (bipolar disorder). Many have conventional manic and depressive phases, or recurrent mania, or schizoaffective mania. A minority have atypical forms, such as catatonia, extreme anxiety associated with delusions or hallucinations, or acute polymorphic psychosis. Thus the clinical features resemble those of the common form of postpartum psychosis, and (like puerperal psychosis) menstrual psychosis is not a disease in its own right, but a member of the group of bipolar disorders. In women who have the bipolar diathesis (lifelong susceptibility), menstruation is one of the triggers of episodes. In fact there is evidence of two menstrual triggers - at the mid-cycle associated with ovulation, and in the late luteal (necrotic) phase just before menstrual bleeding.
As in postpartum psychosis, acute organic syndromes are occasionally seen, associated with epilepsy, urea cycle disorders and perhaps endometriosis.
Epidemiology.
There have been no state-of-the-art population-based surveys. The fragmentary data at present available suggest that this psychosis is much less common than puerperal psychosis (whose frequency is rather less than 1/1,000 pregnancies), and very much less common than menstrual mood disorder (which, strictly defined, affects about 5% of women). Its frequency at the threshold of hospital admission is probably about 1 in 10,000 women.
Most cases have been published by French, German, Japanese or American clinicians, but occasional reports of Indian, Iraqi, Egyptian, Vietnamese, Taiwanese and Bangladeshi women suggest a worldwide disorder.
Course.
Many cases start early in reproductive life, and it is of great interest that some girls have developed monthly psychoses before the menarche. This phenomenon has also been seen in diabetes, epilepsy, migraine and hypersomnia. Some recover at the first menstrual bleed, but most continue to have a periodic psychosis in timing with the menstrual cycle. Another epoch of increased susceptibility is after childbirth, when the menstrual cycle is starting up again. In some women an established pattern of menstrual episodes has continued, month by month, even though the menses have stopped. Occasional patients have experienced monthly psychoses that occur only during amenorrhoea. There is, however, no evidence of an increase at the menopause.
In most patients, menstrual psychosis is a self-limiting disorder, affecting only a small proportion of the 400 menstrual cycles of a woman's life. Since menstruation is only one of many triggers of bipolar episodes, it is not surprising that some women, at other times of their lives, suffer prolonged manic phases, or a chaotic manic depressive illness, without evidence of a menstrual link.
Cause.
A family history of mental illness is common. There is a strong association with abnormal menstruation - amenorrhoea, anovulatory cycles or luteal cell defects. There is much evidence of a link with puerperal psychosis, and there may be an association with seasonal affective disorder.
The present evidence suggests that menstrual psychosis and menstrual mood disorder (premenstrual tension and its synonyms)—which is not associated with bipolar disorder or abnormal menstruation—are distinct disorders.
The occurrence of episodes before the menarche, during amenorrhoea and after destruction or removal of the ovaries or pituitary all point to the hypothalamic gonadorelin neuronal system as the site of the pathological interaction with the bipolar diathesis.
Treatment.
It is essential that the diagnosis is firmly established by precise dating of episodes and the menses. Two cycles of prospective daily ratings (recommended for the diagnosis of menstrual mood disorder) is "not" sufficient for menstrual psychosis. It is also important to obtain a gynaecological opinion, because correction of abnormal menstruation may be important in treatment.
Standard tranquillizing drugs or electroconvulsive treatment may be effective in the acute episode, but are ineffective in arresting the cyclical illness. This, with its pattern of monthly relapses, offers an opportunity for single patient sequential trials. Many unconventional treatments have been tried and claimed to be effective. At present, the most promising appear to be thyroid and clomiphene.

</doc>
<doc id="20757408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757408" title="Guru Nanak Gurdwara Smethwick">
Guru Nanak Gurdwara Smethwick

Guru Nanak Gurdwara Smethwick is a Sikh temple in Smethwick, near Birmingham, UK. It is Europe's first and biggest Gurdwara. The total Gurdwara spans an area of about 70,000 square metres and the building is four storeys high.
It is also the first Gurdwara to have organised Shaheedi Tournaments (games held in the memory of current and past martyrs of the Sikh religion) in the United Kingdom and Europe. The Tournaments have been held regularly in the Birmingham area during the last week of July every year since 1963 (apart from 1984). In the past all tournaments were held under the banner of 'Shaheed Udham Singh Tournament' but now the Tournaments are held also in the names of the current Sikh Shaheeds, namely Shaheed S. Satwant Singh Ji, Shaheed S. Beant Singh Ji, Shaheed S. Kehar Singh Ji and Shaheed S. Hardev Singh Ji Bapoo. In 2000 the Shaheedi Tournaments were held at the West Bromwich Albion Football Ground.
The Sikh Community in the area first began holding religious services at in a school in Brasshouse Lane, Smethwick, in 1958. This led to larger and larger congregations of Sikh worshippers and the need arose to acquire more suitable premises for the Gurdwara. The Congregational Chapel building at 130 High St in Smethwick was purchased and the Gurdwara opening took place on 31 July 1961. From its earliest days in the town, the Gurdwara has played an active role in fostering international friendship ("Warley News", 11 November 1965). The present Gurdwara premises are at the old church site but have been totally rebuilt and extended.
The programmes begin daily when Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji arrives from the Sachkhand Sahib into the lower main hall in the early hours of the morning. Prayers (Nitnem) commences, then Sri Asa Ji Di Waar Kirtan is sung by the Sikh musicians (Ragi's). Programmes run continuously everyday till dusk when Rehraas Sahib starts which then begins the evening services at the Gurdwara Sahib. Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji is taken back to the Sachkhand Sahib at the end of services in the evening. Throughout the day Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji presides over the Sikh congregations.
Throughout the day thousands of Sikhs and non Sikhs attend the Gurdwara Sahib to worship and visit the beautiful Gurdwara complex. Guru Ka Langar (free community kitchen) is served all day long, everyday for 365 days a year.
The Gurdwara is managed by a 21 member Gurdwara Management Committee selected every two years by the congregation. The following persons are the current executive officers of the Gurdwara:
President - Malkit Singh Tehang
Vice President - Onkar Singh Shergill
General Secretary - Jaswinder Singh Birring
Assistant General Secretary - Charan Singh Padda
Treasurer - Hardev Singh Mund
Assistant Treasurer - Prem Singh Kalsi
Stage Secretary - Kulwant Singh Motada
The Gurdwara is on Facebook www.facebook.com/GNGsmethwick and on Twitter www.twitter.com/GNGSmethwick
Building.
The Gurdwara has 8 halls, used for Sri Akhand Path Sahib's, and other activities such as weddings, sports, and education. There are also offices and meeting rooms.
The Gurdwara has the largest library of all Gurdwaras in UK and Europe. It is named the Shaheed Gen. Subegh Singh Library and is located at 128 High Street, Smethwick.

</doc>
<doc id="20757422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757422" title="Bohumil Janoušek">
Bohumil Janoušek

Bohumil Janoušek (or Bob Janousek) (born September 7, 1937) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and later moved to Britain as a rowing coach and then a boat-builder.
He was born in Prague.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.
Four years later he won his second bronze medal with the Czechoslovak boat in the eights competition.
In 1969, Janousek, despite then speaking no English, was appointed as British national rowing coach. In the next seven years, he introduced training methods to British rowing that were already widespread elsewhere in Europe and formed the first British national rowing squad. Janousek stepped down as coach after the 1976 Olympic Games, at which Britain gained silver medals in double sculls and in eights, but stayed in Britain to form a boat-building business, Janousek Racing Boats.

</doc>
<doc id="20757425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757425" title="Kasalia">
Kasalia

Kasalia is a village in Gopalganj District, Bangladesh, part of Muksudpur Upazila. The village covers an area of 4 km2, and is bordered by the villages of Nanikhir, Gunohar, Nawkhanda and Mosna, Goinary. Pathorghata's main canal is the Hatashe Channel and flow up to Kasalia . The Bil Rout Canal at Jalirpar joins with the Hatashe Canal to the river Padma
Kasalia also is a Union Parishad under was established in 1634 consist of eight number of villages. The village consists of three wards and few "mahallas". The village has a High School, a primary school, seven mosques, a Government Hospital, and few community schools.
Non-governmental organizations operating in Pathorghata include BDAO (the Bangladesh Development Acceleration Organisation), BRAC, CCDB, ASA, World Vision, and HCCB. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757434" title="Minuscule 37">
Minuscule 37

Minuscule 37 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A154 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels on 357 parchment leaves ().
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 233, 16:8), with references to the Eusebian Canons. 
It contains the Eusebian tables, tables of the ("tables of contents"), prolegomena, pictures, with short scholia, commentary of Victorinus to the Gospel of Mark, synaxaria, and pictures.
The pericope John 7:53-8:11 is placed at the end; in John 8:6 it used textual variant μη προσποιουμενος.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V. It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
In Luke 16:19 the manuscript has scholion on a margin of uncertain date . The same scholion has manuscript 36. Currently we have only one Greek manuscript with textual variant ονοματι Ν[ιν]ευης (with the name Neue) in Luke 16:19 - Papyrus 75. This reading has also Sahidic version.
History.
The manuscript was examined and described by Montfaucon, Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Coislin Gr. 21) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20757436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757436" title="Totora (city)">
Totora (city)

Totora () is a city in Bolivia. It is the capitol and most-populous city of the municipality of Totora, which is located in the province of Carrasco, which is located in the department of Cochabamba. As of the 2012 census, the population is 1,925. Named after an aquatic plant that used to grow in the area, "", the first settlers of the town were Inca Indians. The town was officially settled in 1876, and declared a city by the Government of Bolivia in 1894.
History.
Totora was named after "", an aquatic plant that used to grow in the area. The first settlers of the city were from the Inca Empire. From 1530 until 1722, the land Totora occupied was in control of Spaniards who mainly used the land for cocoa production. The first mention of the city was 1639, when a landowner named Don Fernando García Murillo had established a chaplaincy. The city was officially settled on 24 June 1876 after the Mizque Municipality split into two—Mizque and Totora Municipality. It was officially declared a city by the Bolivian Government on 27 October 1894. Totora's first residence were of wealthy landowners, traders, and textile artisans. It was also a trading stop between west and east of Bolivia.
On 22 May 1998, a 6.8 MW earthquake hit the Totora and Aiquile area. There were four foreshocks—ranging from 2.7 to 5.8—and consistent aftershocks until 27 May. 105 people were killed, and it was considered a "national tragedy" by then-President Hugo Banzer.
In 2000, Totora was declared "Cultural Heritage of Humanity" by the United Nations.
Geography.
Climate.
Using the reference point of Totora and Mizque, the city has a subhumid climate, according to the AMDECO. In consideration of other towns in the area, Totora is the driest, with more sparse vegetation. The average low for the year is , and the average high is . The hottest month is November, with an average high of , and the coldest months are June and July, with an average low of . On average, Totora receives of precipitation per year, with the most wet month of January.
Demographics.
According to the 2012 Bolivian census, the population of Totora was 1,925, an annual increase of 1.71% from 2001. The increase was unexpected, as the Association of Municipality of Cochabamba (AMDECO) projected the population to drop to 1,469. There were 892 (46.33%) men and 1,033 (53.66%) women, for a ratio of 1.15 women to men. In 2012, there were 1,069 homes, and 457 families, for an average household of 1.80 persons. Throughout history, the highest population of the city was 3,501 in 1992; the lowest population was 1,000 in 1845. With an estimated area of , Totora has a population density of 46 people/km2.
According to World Population Review, Totora is the 107th largest city in Bolivia by population. As a city in it's municipality, Totora is the most-populous city, with 13.1% of the total population and, as of 2012, is the only city in it's municipality with a population over 1,000. As of 2001, the racial makeup of the town was 88.6% Quechua, 2.2% Aymara, 1.4% Guaraní, 0.3% Chiquitano, and 7.3% from other races. As for languages, a majority of the population (65.4%) speak either Spanish or Quechua. As of 2005, 98% of the population are of the Catholic religion and 2% are Evangelical.
Cityscape.
Totora is noted for having colonial-style building and architecture. Because of the town's topography, the streets have an atypical distribution. The most common style of house includes adobe walls, land floors, and cement roofing. From 1999 to 2005, 44.2% of the households use firewood to power their house, 55.1% use gas power, and 0.6% use other means. In 2011, solar panels were introduced in the city to power its schools, with the help of the European Union.
The protected Carrasco National Park is to the Northeast of Totora. Created in 1991, the park has an area of and is ranges in altitude from . There are an estimated 3,000 plant species, estimated 700 species of bird, and 382 confirmed type of wildlife located in the park. The main tourist attractions are The House of Culture, which used to be a mansion but is now a museum; the colonial bridges; the plaza; The Pajcha, a waterfall; Julpe, a place that holds cave paintings.
Economy.
In 2013, a deal was made with the Local Committee for the Productive Development of Wheat and Potato Township Totora to have around 300 families in Totora produce wheat for five cereal companies in Cochabamba.
Law and government.
The current mayor of Totora is Edmundo Novillo.
Education.
There are two schools located in Totora: Jose Carrasco Torrico College, named after ex-Vice President José Carrasco Torrico, and Rodeo Grande Middle School. As of 2004, the college has 320 students. The middle school was constructed in 2013 and cost ($) . It holds 11 classrooms and supports up to 250 students. As of 2001, the literacy rate in Totora is 82.4%, lower than the country average of 86.7%.
Transportation.
The main two ways to reach Totora by road are from Route 7, if coming from Cochabamba, and Route 5, if coming from Sucre. The Bolivian Department of Education is in the process of making a road from Tarata to Totora, since both are historic cities.

</doc>
<doc id="20757442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757442" title="Jiří Lundák">
Jiří Lundák

Jiří Lundák (born August 31, 1939) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.
Four years later he won his second bronze medal with the Czechoslovak boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20757445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757445" title="Yasuomi Kugisaki">
Yasuomi Kugisaki


</doc>
<doc id="20757457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757457" title="UST Museum of Arts and Sciences">
UST Museum of Arts and Sciences

The University of Santo Tomas Museum of Arts and Sciences is the oldest existing museum in the Philippines. Started as a "Gabinete de Fisica", an observation room of mineral, botany and biology collections in the 17th century. Under the old Spanish educational law the collections were used as classroom materials for the courses in science especially in Medicine and Pharmacy.
History.
Ramon Martinez, O.P., a professor of Natural History, founded the UST Museum of Arts and Sciences in 1871. However, it was Casto de Elera, O.P., who started to systematically gather and catalogue all the collections, some of which date back to 1682.
Considered the oldest school-based museum in the Philippines, the UST Museum became a repository of scientific and artistic articles and objets d’art. Starting in 1941, it acquired the works of Filipino masters such as Fernando and Pablo Amorsolo, Carlos Francisco, Vicente Manansala, and Galo Ocampo. The Museum has permanent displays for specimens of Natural History; Ethnographic materials; Oriental Arts objects; Philippine Religious images; Paintings; and Coins, Medals, and Memorabilia. The painting collection includes works from the 17th to the 20th century.
The Museum also houses the Museum Gallery, a souvenir shop, and a mini-library. The Museum Gallery has served as the venue for art exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20757459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757459" title="Václav Pavkovič">
Václav Pavkovič

Václav Pavkovič (born April 24, 1936) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Břeclav.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20757460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757460" title="Bill White (administrator)">
Bill White (administrator)

Bill White was the President of the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum and Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund.
White was born in the late 1960s, is a native of Point Lookout, New York, and graduated Fordham University. White worked in his family's business and began to work for Intrepid in 1992 and became chief of staff to Zachary Fisher and fundraiser for the Intrepid Museum Foundation. In 1996 he was awarded the Meritorious Public Service Award for his work for the United States Navy. He resides in Manhattan.
In 2008, White was mentioned as a possible nominee for United States Secretary of the Navy for the Obama administration. His nomination was supported by Hugh Shelton, a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Jerrold Nadler, in whose congressional district the Intrepid Museum is located. The post eventually went to former Mississippi governor and ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Ray Mabus.
In June 2009, "The Washington Times" reported White to be considered for Deputy Chief Management Officer for the United States Department of Defense, which would make him the highest-ranking openly gay person in the department.
In 2010, Bill White founded Constellations Group, a strategic consulting firm that advises corporations, foundations, and high net worth individuals with their business challenges and philanthropic endeavors. The firms' mission is to support the men and women of the US armed forces and first responder communities and their families.
Bill White resigned from his position as President of the Intrepid museum and other Intrepid related positions in May 2010 in order to pursue new challenges with similar goals. The museum gave no explanations for White's abrupt resignation. White had been subpoenaed earlier by the office of then New York State Attorney-General Andrew Cuomo in connection with investigations into campaign fundraising solicitations from pension fund managers. He had been connected to former state comptroller Alan G. Hevesi who resigned after pleading guilty to a felony charge.
In September 2010, Bill White agreed to pay a $1,000,000 fine to settle charges that he was involved in the state pension fund pay to play scandal.
On February 1, 2011 Bill White was voted back onto the Board of Trustees of the Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund 
On May 14, 2012 it was reported by CNN that in a letter obtained by CNN Bill White had withdrawn his support from Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney over his stance on gay marriage days after President Obama had stated his full support for gay marriage. In his letter, Bill White requests that Romney's campaign return his maximum contribution. White stated to CNN that while he does not support President Obama's fiscal policy, he supports him over Romney because he believed Romney would push for a constitutional amendment against gay marriage that would nullify his own marriage.
Personal life.
White married his husband Bryan Eure in 2011, with prominent lawyer David Boies officiating.

</doc>
<doc id="20757462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757462" title="Tian Ji'an">
Tian Ji'an

Tian Ji'an (田季安) (781 or 782 – September 21, 812), courtesy name Kui (夔), formally the Prince of Yanmen (雁門王), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who, as military governor ("Jiedushi"), ruled Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) in a "de facto" independent manner from the imperial regime.
Background.
Tian Ji'an was born in 781 or 782, during the reign of Emperor Dezong of Tang. At that time, his father Tian Xu was an officer under Tian Xu's cousin Tian Yue, the military governor of Weibo Circuit, who governed the circuit semi-independently from the imperial regime. (Tian Xu's father Tian Chengsi had been the first military governor of Weibo, but chose Tian Yue to be his successor rather than any of his sons.) Tian Ji'an was Tian Xu's third son, and was born of a mother of lowly birth. After Tian Xu assassinated Tian Yue and succeeded him in 784, Emperor Dezong gave Tian Xu his sister Princess Jiacheng in marriage in 785. As she had no son of her own, she adopted Tian Ji'an as her son. He was thus made the deputy military governor and Tian Xu's designated successor. When Tian Xu died suddenly in 796, the Weibo soldiers supported Tian Ji'an as acting military governor, and Emperor Dezong made him military governor later in the year. Tian Ji'an also inherited Tian Xu's title as Prince of Yanmen.
As Jiedushi.
In 806, Tian Ji'an was further given the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). It was said that in Tian's youth, his behavior was curbed in by Princess Jiacheng's sternness, and that while he was not capable, he followed the rites and the laws. After Princess Jiacheng died, however, he lost self-control, and he spent his time on polo, hunting, and pleasure.
In 809, after the death of Wang Shizhen the military governor of neighboring Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), Emperor Dezong's grandson Emperor Xianzong, then emperor, was taking a harder line against the circuits acting as semi-independent states, and for months he refused to approve the succession of Wang Shizhen's son Wang Chengzong. Emperor Xianzong finally agreed after Wang Chengzong agreed to allow two of Chengde's prefectures, De (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Di (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong) be separated into a different circuit under imperial control, to be named Baoxin Circuit (保信, to be headquartered at De Prefecture). He made Xue Changchao (薛昌朝) the prefect of De Prefecture, whose wife was from the Wang clan, the military governor of the new circuit. However, when Tian received news of this in advance of the news arriving at Chengde, he informed Wang Chengzong that Xue had betrayed him. In response, Wang Chengzong had Xue arrested and refused to submit the two prefectures.
Emperor Xianzong thereafter ordered a campaign against Chengde, and with the main imperial forces — the Shence Army (神策軍), commanded by the eunuch Tutu Chengcui — set to arrive in Weibo's vicinity, Tian was summoning his officers to discuss how to react — fearing that if the imperial forces were successful against Chengde, Weibo would be next. An officer stepped out and advocated a preemptive attack against the Shence Army, and Tian was ready to agree. However, at that time, Tan Zhong (譚忠), an emissary from Liu Ji the military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in Beijing), happened to be at Weibo, and he, trying to dissuade Tian from acting against imperial troops, pointing out if Weibo were in fact able to defeat the Shence Army, Emperor Xianzong would surely concentrate his attack on Weibo. Instead, Tan suggested, Weibo should enter into a secret agreement with Chengde whereas Weibo would launch a false attack on Chengde and capture a county to outwardly show Emperor Xianzong that he was not rebelling against imperial authority. Tian agreed with Tan, and in a pre-arranged attack captured Chengde's Tangyang County (堂陽, in modern Xingtai, Hebei).
Meanwhile, it was said that by this point, Tian was cruel. On one occasion, when his secretary Qiu Jiang (丘絳) had a dispute with another staff member of Tian's, Hou Zang (侯臧), Qiu drew Tian's anger, and Tian initially had Qiu demoted to be a county sheriff. He then recalled Qiu but dug a large hole on Qiu's way back, and when Qiu reached the hole, he ordered that Qiu be thrown into the hole and buried alive. Meanwhile, one of his officers, Tian Xing, a distant relative (Tian Xing's father Tian Tingjie (田庭玠) was a cousin of Tian Chengsi's), was favored by the soldiers and often tried to advise him to correct his behavior. Tian Ji'an believed Tian Xing to be a threat and sent him out of the headquarters to serve as the defender of Linqing (臨清, in modern Xingtai). He also considered executing Tian Xing, and Tian Xing, in order to escape death, pretended to suffer paralysis in his limbs. Meanwhile, in 812, Tian Ji'an himself fell ill from a stroke, and his wife Lady Yuan summoned the officers and named his 10-year-old son Tian Huaijian deputy military governor. (Tian Ji'an had at least three other sons, Tian Huaili (田懷禮), Tian Huaixun (田懷詢), and Tian Huairang (田懷讓); it appeared from the "Book of Tang" that Tian Huaijian was the oldest, although the "New Book of Tang" actually suggested, although did not explicitly state, that Tian Huaijian was the youngest.) Tian Ji'an soon died and was given posthumous honors. With Emperor Xianzong refusing to approve Tian Huaijian's succession, the soldiers supported Tian Xing and overthrew Tian Huaijian in a coup.

</doc>
<doc id="20757467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757467" title="Luděk Pojezný">
Luděk Pojezný

Luděk Pojezný (born March 7, 1937) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.
Four years later he won his second bronze medal with the Czechoslovak boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20757469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757469" title="Shingo Honda">
Shingo Honda

Honda previously played for Avispa Fukuoka in the J. League.

</doc>
<doc id="20757477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757477" title="Mike Davey (baseball)">
Mike Davey (baseball)

Michael Gerard Davey (born June 2, 1952) is a retired American professional baseball player, a former middle relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Atlanta Braves. Listed at and , Davey batted right-handed and threw left-handed. A native of Spokane, Washington, he attended Gonzaga University, where he played college baseball for the Bulldogs from 1972-1974.
In 19 relief appearances, Davey posted a 4.34 ERA with two saves and did not have a decision, giving up nine runs on 20 hits and 10 walks while striking out seven in 18 ⅔ innings of work.
Davey pitched in the Atlanta, Seattle and Pittsburgh minor league systems for the Richmond (1978), Spokane (1979) and Portland teams (1980). In 137 games, he collected a 8–7 record with a 3.83 ERA and 19 saves.

</doc>
<doc id="20757485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757485" title="Jan Švéda">
Jan Švéda

Jan Švéda (November 5, 1931 – December 14, 2007) was a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Břeclav. In 1956 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which was eliminated in the semi-finals of the eights event. Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Czechoslovak boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20757488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757488" title="Anchor Inn (Wheaton, Maryland)">
Anchor Inn (Wheaton, Maryland)

The Anchor Inn was a landmark restaurant opened in 1954 in the heart of Wheaton, Maryland located at the corner of University Boulevard West and Georgia Avenue. The restaurant was closed in 2004 and in May 2006 the restaurant was torn down to make way for a residential and retail mixed-use development.
Food, drink, and atmosphere.
When the Anchor Inn was still in business, its menu consisted mainly of American fare. Entrees were predominantly in the range of $12 to $20 and consisted of pasta, seafood, and steaks. It drew many customers who were looking for Chesapeake Bay seafood specialties such as oysters, shrimp, and crab cakes. The restaurant had however been criticized for being inconsistent and having generally worse food on the weekends when the crowds were heavier.
The Anchor Inn was one of the first six establishments to apply for and receive a liquor license in Montgomery County in December 1964. The county had just recently repealed by referendum a prohibition era law which allowed liquor to only be sold at three restaurants in the County.
The restaurant was also a favorite of locals who held special occasion dinners and club meetings at the venue. The Kiwanis Club of Wheaton held its meetings at the Anchor Inn on Wednesday afternoons and had a photograph of the Anchor Inn on the front page of their website. The Wheaton Chamber of Commerce held regular board meetings and the Silver Spring Business and Professional Women's Club held social events at the restaurant.
Closing and redevelopment.
In 2003, the owner of the Anchor Inn, Harry "Selby" Scaggs Sr., testified in front of the Montgomery County Council and Maryland State Legislators in Annapolis, Maryland indicating that a smoking ban, which was under consideration at the time, would hurt his business. After a smoking ban went into effect on October 9, 2003 in Montgomery County, Scaggs reported that his sales of Keno, beer, wine, liquor and food sales were down nearly 40% as customers flocked to nearby municipalities which still allowed smoking. On August 11, 2004, the Anchor Inn closed its doors for the last time citing the smoking ban as a major reason for its closure.
The property was sold to Greenhill Capital Corp. and developer Lenny Greenberg, CEO, who already owned a majority of the block on which the Anchor Inn was situated. The building was leased to Anthony Fahey who reopened the Anchor Inn on January 19, 2005, but again had to close only after a few months. The Anchor Inn building was subsequently demolished on May 8, 2006.
After initially indicating that the parcel which the Anchor Inn was situated would be used as part of a $50 million, 600,000 square foot (56,000 m2) mixed use project, Greenberg and his team changed course and opted to build a standard strip mall due to a changing real estate environment. SIGAL Construction Corp. announced on August 31, 2007 that they had received the contract to build a new two story structure at the site where the Anchor Inn had once stood which they expected to complete by January 2008.
The site does however retain the Anchor Inn sign which has been renovated and now reads "Georgia Crossing at the Anchor Inn". The sign had originally read "Anchor Inn Seafood House & Lounge".

</doc>
<doc id="20757491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757491" title="Gislingham">
Gislingham

Gislingham is a village in the English county of Suffolk.
History.
Gislingham is situated around the area of Stowmarket, Eye and Diss and dates from at least the 9th century. It is in the northern part of Suffolk that was once part of Norfolk. The village was well established by the time of the Domesday Book.
From about 1150 to 1312, the Knights Templar were prominent in the village. The earliest parts of St. Mary's Church date from the 1420s. 
The village and the surrounding area, like much of East Anglia, was not immune to the Puritan sentiment that ran its course through the 17th century. As such it had connections to conformists and non-conformists alike who departed for the Massachusetts Bay Colony as part of the wave of emigration that occurred during the Great Migration. One notable emigrant who had family ties to the village was Governor Simon Bradstreet. The Puritan supporters of Oliver Cromwell destroyed the highly decorative stained glass windows of St. Mary's in the 1640s.
Gislingham today.
The village has its own primary school, shop, local post office van, village hall and park. The population of the village was in steady decline from about 1844 to 1960 (669 to 300 citizens) but has rebounded since.
Here is the info about the village's inadequate bus routes 
http://www.gallowayeuropean.com/corp_pdf/456m-f.pdf
http://www.gallowayeuropean.com/corp_pdf/456sat.pdf
Notable people.
Crystal Palace footballer Stuart O'Keefe is from Gislingham

</doc>
<doc id="20757493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757493" title="Balekundri (K.H.)">
Balekundri (K.H.)


</doc>
<doc id="20757497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757497" title="Tarata, Cochabamba">
Tarata, Cochabamba

Tarata is a town in Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. It is the capital of the Esteban Arze Province. 
There are several towns like Arbieto, Santa Rosa, Tiataco, that surround Tarata. In addition, Tarata is known for its home-made cheese and sausage.

</doc>
<doc id="20757498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757498" title="Dhamane S.Belgaum">
Dhamane S.Belgaum


</doc>
<doc id="20757499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757499" title="Dhupadal">
Dhupadal


</doc>
<doc id="20757502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757502" title="Dodawad">
Dodawad


</doc>
<doc id="20757503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757503" title="Duradundi">
Duradundi


</doc>
<doc id="20757506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757506" title="Examba">
Examba


</doc>
<doc id="20757508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757508" title="Galatga">
Galatga


</doc>
<doc id="20757510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757510" title="Gandigwad">
Gandigwad


</doc>
<doc id="20757512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757512" title="Kewtaveer">
Kewtaveer

Kewtaveer (Kewatabir) (Hindi: केवटावीर, is a village situated on the banks of the river Ganges in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Kewatabir is located at . It has an average elevation of 84 metres (275 feet).
It is around 40 km. away from Varanasi Cantt.

</doc>
<doc id="20757514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757514" title="Sutiya Kingdom">
Sutiya Kingdom

The Sutiya Kingdom was established by Birpal in 1187 in northeastern Assam, with the capital at Sadiya. The Sutiya are an indigenous ethnic group that spoke a Tibeto-Burman language, but now they speak Assamese language. According to tradition, Birpal at first became the chief of sixty families.
The most illustrious of the Sutiya kings was Gauri Narayan (Ratnadhwajpal), son of Birpal. He brought many other Sutiya groups into his kingdom. In 1224 Ratnadhwajpal defeated Bhadrasena, the king of Swetagiri. Then he went on to subjugate Nyayapal and marched toward Kamatapur, where he formed an alliance with the Kamata ruler by marrying a princess. Then he marched to Dhaka, and camped some distance away from the city. Though records exist of this expedition, there is no account of a war at Dhaka.
The hostilities with the Ahoms began in 1376 when the Ahom king, Sutuphaa, was killed by the Sutiya king during a friendly encounter. The simmering dispute often flared till 1522 when the Ahoms finally took Sadiya and killed the then king Nityapal. The Ahoms established their rule by instituting the position of Sadiyakhowa Gohain, the governor in charge of Sadiya. But the Sutiya had dispersed to frontier regions, and continued raids against the Ahoms. This finally stopped in 1673 when the Sutiyas finally accepted Ahom overlordship.

</doc>
<doc id="20757518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757518" title="International Migrants Day">
International Migrants Day

International Migrants Day is an international day observed on December 18 as International Migrants Day appointed by the General Assembly of United Nations on December 4, 2000 taking into account the large and increasing number of migrants in the world. On December 18, 1990, the General Assembly adopted the international convention on the protection of the rights of migrant workers and members of their families (resolution 45/158).
This day is observed in many countries, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations through the dissemination of information on human rights and fundamental political freedoms of migrants, and through sharing of experiences and the design of actions to ensure the protection of migrants.
Reasons for the Day.
In 1997, Filipino and other Asian migrant organizations began celebrating and promoting December 18 as the International Day of Solidarity with Migrants. This date was chosen because it was on December 18, 1990 that the UN adopted the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of all Migrants Workers and Members of Their Families.
Building on this initiative, December 18 with support from Migrant Rights International and the Steering Committee for the Global Campaign for Ratification of the International Convention on Migrants' Rights and many other organizations – began late 1999 campaigning online for the official UN designation of an International Migrant's Day, which was finally proclaimed on December 4, 2000.
The (UN) proclamation of the International Migrants' Day is an important step, offering a rallying point for everyone across the world who is concerned with the protection of migrants. The UN invited all UN member states, intergovernmental and non-governmental organisations to observe this day by disseminating information on human rights and fundamental freedoms of migrants, sharing experiences, and undertaking action to ensure the protection of migrants.
The International Migrants Day is seen firstly as an opportunity to recognize the contributions made by millions of migrants to the economies of their host and home countries, and secondly to promote respect for their basic human rights.
UN stands for united nations
Global actions to celebrate International Migrants' Day.
Since year 2000, the international community has used December 18, International Migrants Day, to highlight the human rights of migrants. Making migrants voices heard is the common thread throughout International Migrants Day events.

</doc>
<doc id="20757519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757519" title="Halabhavi">
Halabhavi


</doc>
<doc id="20757524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757524" title="Halaga">
Halaga


</doc>
<doc id="20757528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757528" title="Josef Věntus">
Josef Věntus

Josef Věntus (February 17, 1931 – December 2001), was a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kylešovice, Opava District.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which was eliminated in the semi-finals of the eights event.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Czechoslovak boat in the eights competition.
At the 1964 Games he won his second bronze medal as part of the Czechoslovak boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20757532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757532" title="2009 Davis Cup Americas Zone Group III">
2009 Davis Cup Americas Zone Group III

The Americas Zone is one of the three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2009.
In the Americas Zone there are four different groups in which teams compete against each other to advance to the next group.
Format.
There will be a Round Robin with eight teams. The eight nations will be divided into two pools of four. The top two teams in each pool will advance to the Final Pool of four teams from which the two highest-placed nations are promoted to Americas Group II in 2010. The bottom two teams of each pool of the Round Robin will compete against each other in the Relegation Pool. The two lowest-placed nations are relegated to Americas Group IV in 2010.
Information.
Venue: La Libertad, El Salvador
Surface: Hard - outdoors
Dates: 22–26 April

</doc>
<doc id="20757534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757534" title="Minuscule 38">
Minuscule 38

Minuscule 38 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 355 (Von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. Formerly it was labelled by 38e, 19a, 377p.
The manuscript is lacunose. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains text of the four Gospels, Acts and epistles on 300 parchment leaves, with some lacunae (Matthew 14:15-15:30; 20:14-21:37; Mark 12:3-13:4). The text is written 1 column per page, 30 lines per page, size .
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numerals are given at the margin, with the ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. The text of the Gospels is also divided according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 241, 16:20), but without references to the Eusebian Canons. 
The Catholic epistles and Pauline epistles are divided according to the Euthalian Apparatus, but there is no and . It contains pictures. It has notes on the margin in Greek.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category. According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kx in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20.
History.
The manuscript was written on the order of Michael VIII Palaiologos (1260-1282), and was presented to the king of France Louis IX in 1269 or 1270. Wettstein rightly judged that it was used by Robert Estienne in his Editio Regia as θ'. The text of the manuscript was collated by Wettstein. 
It was examined and described by Paulin Martin.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Coislin Gr. 200) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20757543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757543" title="Handigund">
Handigund


</doc>
<doc id="20757546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757546" title="Hotavlje">
Hotavlje

Hotavlje (in older sources also "Hotovlje", ) is a village in the Poljane Sora Valley in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies along the valleys of Kopacnica Creek (a tributary of the Poljane Sora) and its tributaries, Volavščica and Homovšak creeks. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was first attested in 1291 and 1318 as "Chotaeuel" (and later as "Chotawlach" circa 1400 and "Kattaull" in 1500). It is probably derived from the nickname "*Xotava", in turn from a Slavic personal name such as "*Xotimirъ", and probably refers to an early inhabitant of the place. In the 19th century the German name was "Hotaule".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Lawrence. It stands at the foot of White Hill () opposite a bridge over Kopačnica Creek, southwest of the core of Hotavlje. The church was first mentioned in a land register dating to 1501 and then in visitation records of the Counts of Gorizia dating to 1520, but its angled apse indicates a gothic origin. The simple rectangular nave dates to around 1705. The befry was built in 1630 and made taller in 1718. The main altar bears the years 1792 (probably when it was made) and 1901 (probably when it was renovated). It is dedicated to Saint Lawrence and Saint Cantianus. The side altars, dedicated to Saint Roch and Saint Clement, as well as the depictions of the Stations of the Cross, are from the late 18th century.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to the church, a number of other sites in Hotavlje have cultural heritage status:
Quarries.
Hotavlje is best known for its stone quarries. Cordevolian limestone (marketed as Cordevol limestone, also referred to as "hotaveljski marmor" 'Hotavlje marble') is a greyish-pink and red mineral. It has an attractive mottled appearance with irregular patches of grey, opaque yellow, or scarlet dolomite in small rhomboid crystals, white and coloured calcite veins, and frequent remnants of fossilised algae. Its colour and the high gloss of its polished surface make it a popular material and it was traditionally used in buildings in the area. It is quarried by the local company Marmor Hotavlje, which employs 150 workers and over the years has developed into one of Slovenia's leading stone-cutting companies, using the local quarries to the north of the settlement as well as travertine and tuff quarries in Jezersko and limestone breccia in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The marble is also used for restoration work in registered buildings. The replica of the Robba Fountain in the main town square in Ljubljana was made by the company and it has supplied cut and carved marble to projects abroad such as the Cathedral of Saint Sava in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="20757547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757547" title="Hidakal">
Hidakal


</doc>
<doc id="20757548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757548" title="Louisville Assembly Plant">
Louisville Assembly Plant

The Louisville Assembly Plant is an automobile manufacturing plant owned by Ford Motor Company in Louisville, Kentucky. The plant on 180 acres opened in 1955 and currently employs a total of 4,554 people. It is located adjacent to the Louisville International Airport on the south side of the city. Ford also operates another plant in Louisville, Kentucky Truck Assembly.
The plant houses approximately of conveyor belts. Currently, the line moves at an average speed of 71.1 units per hour.
Ford Motor Company began manufacturing Model T cars in Louisville in 1913, at 931 South Third Street . A new four story assembly plant at Third & Eastern Parkway opened in 1916 . In 1925 Ford moved production to a new , one level assembly plant on Southwestern Parkway, on the Ohio River. . The current plant on Fern Valley Road opened in 1955. Most Edsel automobiles (around 67%) were produced here in 1957-1959. Other models produced included Sunliners, Fairlanes & Galaxies . Louisville Assembly also produced heavy trucks as well as full-size cars on a separate assembly line. Heavy truck production ceased when the Kentucky Truck Plant opened on Chamberlain Lane in 1969. The factory continued with passenger car production that was augmented in 1973 with the addition of F-Series light trucks. F-Series/LTD passenger car production continued until 1981 when the plant was shut down for retooling for the new compact pickup , the Ranger, and its SUV cousin , the Bronco II . Production began in January 1982 . Ford produced its two millionth Ranger/Bronco II at the plant on April 26, 1988. On February 14, 1990, Ford began producing the Explorer SUV in Louisville after investing $563 million at the plant. It produced one million Explorers as of August 27, 1993. Production of the similar Mercury Mountaineer began in April 1996, and Ranger production gave way in April 1999 to the Explorer Sport Trac.
Production of the Explorer and Mountaineer ended in mid-December 2010. The Explorer moved to Ford's Chicago Assembly plant, and the Mountaineer was discontinued with the demise of the Mercury brand. Louisville Assembly now produces the next generation Ford Escape, which was previously housed at Kansas City Assembly. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757552" title="Hirekudi">
Hirekudi


</doc>
<doc id="20757553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757553" title="Honaga">
Honaga


</doc>
<doc id="20757558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757558" title="Miroslav Koníček">
Miroslav Koníček

Miroslav Koníček (born April 18, 1936) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1960 he was the coxswain of the Czechoslovak boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event. He was also the coxswain of the Czechoslovak boat which was eliminated in the semi-finals of the coxed fours competition.
Four years later he won his second bronze medal as coxswain of Czechoslovak boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20757559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757559" title="Hudali">
Hudali


</doc>
<doc id="20757562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757562" title="Hulagabali">
Hulagabali


</doc>
<doc id="20757564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757564" title="Bromus orcuttianus">
Bromus orcuttianus

Bromus orcuttianus is a species of brome grass known by the common name Orcutt's brome. 
It is native to western North America from Washington to Baja California, where it grows in many types of habitat. 
It is a perennial grass which may reach 1.6 meters in height. The inflorescence is an open array of spikelets, the lower ones drooping or nodding. The spikelets are flattened and have short awns at the tips of the fruits. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757569" title="Hunshyal (P.G.)">
Hunshyal (P.G.)


</doc>
<doc id="20757579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757579" title="Glannau Porthaethwy">
Glannau Porthaethwy

Glannau Porthaethwy is a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) along the northern shore of the Menai Strait in North Wales. It is a linear designation that extends some along the shore from Britannia Bridge in the west to Craig y Don in the east. It also includes the island shorelines of Ynys Gorad Goch, Ynys Welltog, Ynys Benlas, Ynys Tysilio, Half Tide Rock, Ynys Faelog, Ynys Tobig, Ynys Gaint, Ynys Castell and Ynys y Big.
It was designated in 2003, as it is the most extensive sheltered rock shore in the area between Bardsey Island and Great Orme’s Head and because it supports the greatest diversity of marine plant and animal communities.

</doc>
<doc id="20757583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757583" title="Jovan Vidović">
Jovan Vidović

Jovan Vidović (born 6 January 1989 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian football defender, who is currently playing for Wehen Wiesbaden.
Club career.
He started his football career at Šmartno, but later left the side for Slovan together with Šmartno teammate Dalibor Stojanović at the age of 14. With his new club he became runner-up of Slovenian League, being second only to Maribor. He was given his nickname "Dugi" by his teammates at an early age, due to his extreme size.
In late November 2010 it was announced by Zlatko Zahovič, Maribor's director of football, that Maribor had acquired Vidović on a permanent move as a result of Siniša Andjelković transfer from Maribor to Palermo during the 2010–11 winter transfer window. Domžale president Stane Oražem has confirmed the deal on the same day. The transfer has been made official on 7 December 2010, when Maribor announced it on their official website. Vidović has signed a 4-year contract with the new club. 
In July 2013 Vidović joined Azerbaijan Premier League side Ravan Baku on a 1-year contract with the option of another year. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757584" title="2009 Davis Cup Americas Zone Group IV">
2009 Davis Cup Americas Zone Group IV

The Americas Zone is one of the three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2009.
In the Americas Zone there are four different groups in which teams compete against each other to advance to the next group.
Format.
The five teams will compete against each other in a Round Robin pool. The top two nations will be promoted to Americas Group III in 2010.
Information.
Venue: La Libertad, El Salvador
Surface: Hard - outdoors
Dates: 22–26 April

</doc>
<doc id="20757589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757589" title="Reinhard Egger">
Reinhard Egger

Reinhard Karl Egger (11 December 1905 – 10 June 1987), was a German Fallschirmjäger during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20757591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757591" title="Bolívar, Cochabamba">
Bolívar, Cochabamba

Bolívar is a location in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. It is the seat of the Bolívar Province. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757601" title="Charles Henry Langston">
Charles Henry Langston

Charles Henry Langston (1817–1892), was an American abolitionist and political activist born free in Louisa County, Virginia, the son of a wealthy planter who provided for his education and ensured he and his brothers inherited his estate. In 1835 he and his brother Gideon were the first African Americans to attend Oberlin College in Ohio.
In 1858, he was tried with a white colleague for the Oberlin-Wellington Rescue, a "cause célèbre" in Ohio that was a catalyst for abolition. That year Langston helped found the Ohio Anti-Slavery Society and, with his younger brother John as president, led it as executive secretary. Langston worked for 30 years for equal rights, suffrage and education in Ohio and Kansas. After the American Civil War, he was appointed as general superintendent of refugees and freedmen for the Freedmen's Bureau in Kansas. In 1872 he was an early principal of the Quindaro Freedman's School (later Western University), the first black college west of the Mississippi River.
He was an older brother of John Mercer Langston, an accomplished attorney and activist, who had numerous appointed posts, and in 1888 was the first black elected to the United States Congress from Virginia (and the last for nearly a century). He was the grandfather of renowned poet Langston Hughes.
Early life and education.
Langston was born free in 1817 in Louisa County, Virginia, the second of three sons and a daughter born to Lucy Jane Langston, a freedwoman of mixed African American and Native American descent, and Ralph Quarles, a wealthy white plantation owner of English descent. Quarles freed Lucy and their daughter Maria in 1806, in the course of what was a relationship of more than 25 years. (Interracial marriage was illegal at the time.) Quarles also made provisions for his "natural" (illegitimate) children to inherit his substantial fortune after his death.
Lucy had three other children with another partner before she moved into the Great House and deepened her relationship with Quarles. Their three sons were born after that. Of the half-siblings, William Langston was the closest to the Quarles' sons.
Before his death, Ralph Quarles arranged for his Quaker friend William Gooch to be made guardian of his children. As requested by Quarles, after the parents both died in 1833 when John Langston was four, Gooch moved with the boys and their half-brother William Langston to Chillicothe, Ohio, in a free state. Their father had left his natural sons substantial inheritances that allowed them to gain education and as adults work for political reform. The oldest brother, Gideon Quarles, looked so much like his father that he took his surname at 21.
In 1835 the older brothers Gideon and Charles started at the preparatory school at Oberlin College, where they were the first black students to be admitted. Charles Langston graduated from Oberlin College. Their younger brother John Langston also graduated from there.
Career.
Ohio.
Langston quickly became involved in black political affairs in Ohio, where Oberlin was the center of a strong abolitionist movement and a station on the Underground Railroad. He started working for suffrage and equal rights for blacks. Not only was he active, but Langston introduced his younger brother John to his political circles. He helped the young man be admitted to a state convention in 1850, when he was only 20. It was the start of an illustrious career in which John would eventually overshadow Charles.
In 1858 the older Langston was one of a group of men who freed runaway slave John Price from a US Marshal and his assistants in the Oberlin-Wellington Rescue. The Underground Railroad hid Price in Oberlin, then helped transport him to Canada and freedom. The daring rescue captured national attention. The president demanded that the rescuers be prosecuted.
A grand jury indicted 37 men (among them 12 free blacks). In response, the state arrested the US Marshal and his team. As a result of negotiations between state and federal officials, only Charles Langston and Simon M. Bushnell, a white man, were tried for their part in subverting the 1850 Fugitive Slave Act. The state released the arresting party and the federal government released 35 men.
Both Bushnell and Langston were tried and convicted by the same all-Democratic white jury, an injustice Langston addressed in his speech to the court. He made a rousing statement of the case for abolition and for justice for "colored men", Langston closed with these words:
But I stand up here to say, that if for doing what I did on that day at Wellington, I am to go to jail six months, and pay a fine of a thousand dollars, according to the Fugitive Slave Law, and such is the protection the laws of this country afford me, I must take upon my self the responsibility of self-protection; and when I come to be claimed by some perjured wretch as his slave, I shall never be taken into slavery. And as in that trying hour I would have others do to me, as I would call upon my friends to help me; as I would call upon you, your Honor, to help me; as I would call upon you the District-Attorney, to help me; and upon you Judge Bliss, and upon you his counsel, so help me GOD! I stand here to say that I will do all I can, for any man thus seized and help, though the inevitable penalty of six months imprisonment and one thousand dollars fine for each offense hangs over me! We have a common humanity. You would do so; your manhood would require it; and no matter what the laws might me, you would honor yourself for doing it; your friends would honor you for doing it; your children to all generations would honor you for doing it; and every good and honest man would say, you had done right! and prolonged applause, in spite of the efforts of the Court and the Marshal.
The judge gave the men light sentences. Langston and Bushnell sued for a writ of "habeas corpus" in 1859 in the Ohio Supreme Court, but it ruled against them, with the judge saying he had no choice but to uphold the federal law.
Kansas.
Early in the Civil War in 1862, Langston moved to Leavenworth, Kansas, where he organized a school for contrabands, escaped slaves who had fled to Union lines from Missouri. He taught the children for about three years. In 1863, Langston returned to Ohio and, like his brother John Mercer, helped recruit African Americans for the United States Colored Troops when Ohio raised its first regiment.
By 1865, about 2,455 blacks, nearly one-fifth of those in Kansas, lived in Leavenworth, close to Missouri. In 1865, Langston was appointed general superintendent for refugees and freedmen for the Freedmen's Bureau in Kansas. There were more than 12,000 blacks in Kansas by then.
From 1863 to 1870, Langston worked for suffrage for blacks in Kansas and for their right to sit on juries. In 1863, he helped lead a state convention which petitioned the state legislature for suffrage. Despite the efforts of many men, it was not until national passage in 1870 of the Fifteenth Amendment that the Kansas legislature gave blacks the right to vote.
In 1868, Langston moved near Lawrence, Kansas, where he purchased a farm. In 1872, he was appointed as president of Quindaro Freedman's School (later Western University) near Kansas City. Today the historic Quindaro Townsite is part of present-day Kansas City.
Chartered in 1865, Quindaro Freedman's School was the earliest college for blacks established west of the Mississippi. In 1872 the legislature provided for expansion to a four-year normal department, which Langston headed. Enrollment increased and teachers were trained. The next year, however, the state and school ran into severe financial difficulties, and had to reduce programs when the state suffered agricultural losses. Later in the century the college's programs were revived and expanded, including a theological course. By the early 20th century, the university was promoted as a model of musical and industrial education. The college closed later in the 20th century, and no buildings remain.
As the black population increased rapidly in Kansas in the decades after the Civil War, Langston worked to aid the "exodusters" and other early migrants. From 17,108 blacks in Kansas in 1870, the numbers increased to 43,107 in 1880 and 52,003 in 1900. In 1880 Langston was president of a statewide Convention of Colored Men that called on the Refugee Relief Board to use monies and goods donated for the new migrants and settle them on school properties to help them get established.
In Lawrence, Langston also served as associate editor of the "Historic Times", a local paper that promoted the cause of equal rights and justice for blacks.
Marriage and family.
After his first wife died, in 1869 Langston married the widow Mary Patterson Leary in Oberlin. She had survived Lewis Sheridan Leary, another mixed-race political activist from Oberlin. He had joined John Brown's Raid in 1859 on Harper's Ferry and died of wounds eight days after the attack. Mary brought their daughter Louise to the marriage with Langston.
The Langstons remained in Lawrence, Kansas for the rest of their lives, moving in 1888 into town, where he had a part-interest in a grocery store. Their children were Nathaniel Turner Langston, named after the man who led a slave rebellion in Virginia; and Caroline Mercer Langston, who married and had a son, Langston Hughes, who became a renowned poet. The Langstons also had a foster son, named Dessalines Langston after a major leader of the Haitian Revolution.
Community involvement.
In addition to his political activities, while in Columbus, Ohio, Langston was president of the Colored Benevolent Society, first Worshipful Master of St. Mark's Lodge No. 7.
He also served as Grand Master of the Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Kansas, and a founder of the Inter-state Library Association. He also was active in an African Methodist Episcopal Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20757603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757603" title="Cliza (town)">
Cliza (town)

Cliza is a town in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. It is the capital of the Germán Jordán Province and the Cliza Municipality. Along with Punata, Cliza is the major city in the valle alto of the Cochabamba Department.

</doc>
<doc id="20757621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757621" title="Bhargavi (actress)">
Bhargavi (actress)

Bhargavi was born in Gorantla (guntur district).Her first flim was YVS Chowdary’s Devadasu.Through this flim she had got recognition.Her next flim was Ashta Chamma which turned out to be a blockbuster hit.Before acting in Ashta Chamma she had worked in several TV serials.She rose her Fame in "Ammamma.com" serial which was produced under the banner Just Yellow.
Death.
Praveen (Buji) runs a musical orchestra (Saibaba orchestra) for the past five years.He was quite popular at Nellore area in that circle.He was supposed to marry two girls Dolly (daughter og Guntur ex DSP) and Swapna (Lady Bachelors heroine & second heroine in NTR's Subbu) in the past. He had a boy also. There are also rumors that Bujji married Bhargavi a couple of years back (12th Feb 2006) in the presence of his friends at Murali Krishna hotel (Nellore).
The suicide notes say that Bhargavi and Bujji got married on 2006 and were separated in the past few months. Bujji also wrote in the letter that she distanced him after rising to fame with the release of Ashta Chemma film. He also claimed that Bhargavi's mother created rift between then after Bhargavi got film chances. 
Bhargavi’s father confirmed that his daughter never married Bujji. He also told that she visited the home on Sunday. And she did not have show any signs of strain in her visit. Bhargavi's parents told that she is a strong girl and she could never attempt suicide.
Police department confirmed that Bujji might have killed Bhargavi by using a knife (eight knife marks). Bujji might have consumed poison after killing Bhargavi. That is why there are injuries around the heck of Bhargavi and foam in the mouth of Bujji. 

</doc>
<doc id="20757631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757631" title="Aéromusical">
Aéromusical

Aéromusical is the first studio album by the French power pop group Superbus, released in 2002. It reached 96th place on the French album charts. It consists of 11 original songs and one cover ("Into the Groove", originally by Madonna).
Track listing.
All tracks by Jennifer Ayache except were noted

</doc>
<doc id="20757634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757634" title="Sheoraphuli">
Sheoraphuli

Sheoraphuli (also called Seoraphuli) is a small town in Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is a part of the area covered by Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority.
Geography.
Sheoraphuli is located at . It has an average elevation of 39 ft (11 m). Sheoraphuli has 218.70 km of total road length out of which 172.90 km is pucca.
Demographics.
The population of Sheoraphuli is 108,231 as per the 2001 census report. Majority of the residents are Bengalis and major religion is Hindu. The literacy rate of Sheoraphuli is 98.05% which is higher than the national average of 59.5%.
Transportation.
Sheoraphuli is well connected by road and rail. The Eastern Railway line has a station named Sheoraphuli railway station. Seoraphuli is around 23 km north of Howrah. The Howrah-Bardhaman Main Line and Sheoraphuli-Tarakeswar Branch Line connect Sheoraphuli. The historically famed Grand Trunk Road also passes through Sheoraphuli. State Highway 2 connects Sheoraphuli to NH 60 at Bishnupur. There is also a water transport service in the River Hooghly that connects Sheoraphuli with Barrackpore on the opposite side of the river. Nearest airport is the Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International Airport in Kolkata and nearest airstrip is in Barrackpore (Barrackpore Air Force Station).
Utility services and media.
The Baidyabati Municipality (ESTD 1869) is the civic administrative body of Sheoraphuli which makes it 70th cleanest city of India as per National Urban Sanitation Policy. The municipality administers an area of 12.09 km2 and supplies potable water to the city through underground pipe line. The pipe line has a length of 100 km and connects 45% of the total number of houses in this area. Electricity is supplied by the privately operated Calcutta Electric Supply Corporation (CESC) to the town region, and by the West Bengal State Electricity Board in the nearby Panchayat area. State-owned BSNL is the telephone and internet service provider in the town.
Economy.
Sheoraphuli is historically famous for its Bazaar (also called Sheoraphuli hat) which is one of the largest market for raw commodities in the Hooghly district. The bazaar, situated at the riverside, is more than 250 years old. It also has a huge section for retail trading. There are several other super markets located at Sheoraphuli, primarily based on the two sides of G.T. Road. A few small and medium sized factories are incorporated in here. There are few Banks along with ATM facilities serve the people living in Sheoraphuli and nearby areas. State Bank of India being the busiest of all has a branch at Jamindar Road and has two ATM counters. Other banks like Allahabad Bank, United Bank of India, UCO Bank, Indian Overseas Bank and The Baidyabati-Sheoraphuli Co Operative Bank also have their presence here.
Education.
Sheoraphuli has a number of primary, secondary and higher secondary educational institutions. Schools mainly use English or Bengali as the medium of instruction. Following is the list of schools in this area.
Healthcare.
Sheoraphuli has an eye hospital called Disha eye hospital and two privately owned nursing homes namely Mamata nursing home and Dr. Ghosh nursing home
BJP in Sheoraphuly
Culture.
Sheoraphuli has two cinema halls, out of which Udayan Cinema is the more popular hang-out for the young and also has its own supermarket area. The cinema hall has undergone major renovations and technological up-gradations to stay abreast with the modern era. The cinema hall boasts of some salient features like: Largest Wall-to-wall screen in the district; QUBE Digital Projection System; 5.1 Channel Digital Surround Sound; State-of-the-art acoustic and the First Online Ticket Reservation in the district. Udayan Cinema has recently launched its website: www.udayancinema.org [http://www.udayancinema.org]. The other cinema hall is the Sushama Cinema known as the first Dolby digital cinema hall in Hooghly district, which is also situated near udayan cinema hall. The Satyajit Ray Bhavana is a government sponsored centre at Sheoraphuli for facilitating theater awareness. It has a large auditorium housed in an impressively architectured building. The building, besides being a modern theatrical complex, houses the Baidyabati Municipality. Kalibari is a Hindu temple Situated on the bank of the Hooghly River, the presiding deity of the temple is Nistarini, an aspect of Kali. A bathing ghat on the river and several shops are also housed in the temple complex. It is a popular hang-out for the aged. Along the riverfront there are few other bathing ghats on the river which are crowded throughout the year.In Sheoraphuli there are many stalwarts in culture, like Late Pandit Rajendranath Bandapadhyay the Indian classical music, Late Salil Ch Ghosh the senior disciple of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore, Late Ajit Adgiri renowned guitarist, Pandit Ananda Mohan Adhikary Tabla maestro of Farukhabad Gharana & Sh Debasish Adhikary Tabla maestro.

</doc>
<doc id="20757645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757645" title="Tennessee Ramblers">
Tennessee Ramblers

Tennessee Ramblers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20757647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757647" title="Histochemistry and Cell Biology">
Histochemistry and Cell Biology

Histochemistry and Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of molecular histology and cell biology, publishing original articles dealing with the localization and identification of molecular components, metabolic activities, and cell biological aspects of cells and tissues. The journal covers the development, application, and evaluation of methods and probes that can be used in the entire area of histochemistry and cell biology. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the official journal of the Society for Histochemistry. Earlier names of the journal are "Histochemie" and "Histochemistry". The editors-in-chief are Detlev Drenckhahn (University of Würzburg) and Jurgen Roth (University of Zurich).

</doc>
<doc id="20757649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757649" title="United States Army Public Health Command">
United States Army Public Health Command

The United States Army Public Health Command (USAPHC) is a United States Army center headquartered at Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, United States. It responsible for providing technical support and expertise in the areas of preventive medicine, public health, health promotion, and wellness to military units around the globe. The Center also supervises five subordinate commands located at Fort George G. Meade in Maryland; Fort Sam Houston in Texas; Fort Lewis in Washington; Landstuhl in Germany; and Camp Zama in Japan.
The current commander of the Center is Major General Dean G. Sienko.
History.
The Army Industrial Hygiene Laboratory was founded in 1942 at the Johns Hopkins School of Hygiene and Public Health under the direct jurisdiction of the Surgeon General of the United States Army. It was charged with conducting occupational health surveys of Army-operated industrial plants, arsenals, and depots.
The laboratory was subsequently renamed the United States Army Environmental Hygiene Agency and its mission was expanded to include support of Department of Defense preventive medicine programs worldwide.
In 1994 the agency was re-designated the United States Army Center for Health Promotion and Preventive Medicine (CHPPM or "chip-em"). In 2010 the center was merged with the United States Army Veterinary Command to form the current Public Health Command.

</doc>
<doc id="20757650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757650" title="Aiquile">
Aiquile

Aiquile is a town in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. It is the capital of the Narciso Campero Province and Aiquile Municipality. Most of its population is Quechua, and its residents are reputed to be the best charango makers in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20757666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757666" title="Rok Hanžič">
Rok Hanžič

Rok Hanžič (born 6 April 1981) is a Slovenian football defender, who last played for Domžale in Slovenian PrvaLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="20757667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757667" title="Mannie Fresh production discography">
Mannie Fresh production discography

The following list is a discography of production by American hip hop record producer and recording artist Mannie Fresh. It includes a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by year, album, artist and title.
Hot 100 Singles Produced.
The following are singles produced by Mannie Fresh which appeared on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. They have their peak position in bold:
1987.
DJ Mannie Fresh & MC Gregory D - "Throw Down".
A-Side
B-Side

</doc>
<doc id="20757668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757668" title="Bromus vulgaris">
Bromus vulgaris

Bromus vulgaris is a species of brome grass known by the common name Columbia brome. 
It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Wyoming, where it grows in many types of habitat, including temperate coniferous forest. It is a perennial grass which may reach 1.1 meters in height. The inflorescence is an open array of spikelets, the lower ones drooping or nodding. The spikelets are flattened and have awns each up to a centimeter long at the tips of the fruits. This grass is considered a good forage for livestock and wild grazing animals.

</doc>
<doc id="20757675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757675" title="Daphniidae">
Daphniidae

Daphniidae is a family of water fleas in the sub-order Anomopoda.
Description.
Members of the family Daphniidae differ from other, similar cladocerans, such as Macrotrichidae and Moinidae, in that the antennae of females are short and immobile.
Ecology.
The feeding mechanism of the members of the family Daphniidae differs from that of Macrotrichidae in allowing the animals to engage in filter-feeding, rather than having to scrape food from a surface. They have evolved to fill a number of different ecological niches. "Scapholeberis" and "Megafenestra" contain species adapted to living around the surface film; "Simocephalus" species cling to objects while filter-feeding; others have developed a pelagic lifestyle.
Taxonomy.
The family Daphniidae contains 121 species in five genera:
The members of the family Moinidae may also be placed among the Daphniidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20757677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757677" title="St. Mellion International Resort">
St. Mellion International Resort

The St. Mellion International Resort is a golf centred hotel and recreation complex near Saltash, Cornwall in the South West of England. The resort comprises a hotel, conference facilities, health club, spa and two championship golf courses.
The St. Mellion resort is owned and operated by Crown Golf, who acquired it as part of their purchase of American Golf (UK) from American Golf Corporation in 2004. American Golf had themselves purchased the resort in 1998.
Golf.
The Old Course.
The Old Course, as the name suggests, was the first course at the resort. Built on their potato farm by brothers Hermon and Martin Bond, it opened in 1976. Beginning in 2008 the golf course was significantly altered as part of a £20-million redevelopment of the complex. The re-developments included the construction of 9 new golf holes and was re-opened as the Kernow Course in May 2010.
The Jack Nicklaus Signature Course.
The Jack Nicklaus Signature Course was designed by Jack Nicklaus and was officially opened in 1988 with the hosting of a USA vs GB match featuring Jack Nicklaus and Tom Watson representing the USA against Sandy Lyle and Nick Faldo representing Great Britain. The Nicklaus course hosted the Benson & Hedges International Open on 6 occasions from 1900 to 1995, and has twice hosted The English Seniors Open.
The Nicklaus Course is also set to be the venue of the revived English Open, which was due to return to the European Tour in 2009 following a seven year hiatus. The resort, including the golf courses, underwent a £100 million redevelopment programme in preparation for the event. However the tournament had to be postponed for at least two years after the developers ran into financial difficulties as a result of the credit crunch.
Scorecard.
The scorecard for the Nicklaus course from the championship yardage is given below 
The Kernow Course.
The Kernow Course is the newest course at St Mellion having opened in May 2010, much of the course lies over the same land as the now obsolete Old Course which was rebuilt into the Kernow Course during the extensive development of the complex between 2008 and 2010. The course derives its name from the Cornish Language title for the county of Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="20757679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757679" title="Geranium aculeolatum">
Geranium aculeolatum

Geranium aculeolatum is a herbaceous plant species in the Geraniaceae family. It is native from Africa, were it is found in tropical regions. It is found in forested areas in clearings and often has climbing or trailing stems that root at the nodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20757684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757684" title="Cooch Behar Sadar subdivision">
Cooch Behar Sadar subdivision

Cooch Behar Sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the Cooch Behar district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Cooch Behar municipality and two community development blocs: Cooch Behar–I and Cooch Behar–II. The two blocks contain 28 gram panchayats and three census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Cooch Behar.
Area.
Apart from the Cooch Behar municipality, the subdivision contains three census towns and rural areas of 28 gram panchayats under two community development blocs: Cooch Behar–I and Cooch Behar–II. The three census towns are: Kharimala Khagrabari, Guriahati and Khagrabari.
Blocks.
Cooch Behar–I block.
Rural area under Cooch Behar–I block consists of 15 gram panchayats, viz. Chandamari, Falimari, Haribhanga, Patchhara, Chilkirhat, Ghughumari, Jiranpur, Putimari–Fuleswari, Dauaguri, Guriahati–I, Moyamari, Deoanhat, Guriahati–II, Panisala and Sutkabari. Urban area under this block comprises two census towns: Kharimala Khagrabari and Guriahati. Cooch Behar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ghughumari.
Cooch Behar–II block.
Rural area under Cooch Behar–II block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Ambari, Dhangdhinguri, Madhupur, Takagachh–Rajarhat, Baneswar, Gopalpur, Marichbari–Kholta, Bararangras, Khagrabari, Patlakhawa, Chakchaka, Khapaidanga and Pundibari. Urban area under this block comprises one census town: Khagrabari. Cooch Behar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Pundibari.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the area under Cooch Behar–II block will constitute the Cooch Behar Uttar assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Cooch Behar municipality and nine gram panchayats of Cooch Behar–I block, viz. Chandamari, Chilkirhat, Falimari, Ghughumari, Haribhanga, Moyamari, Patchhara, Putimari–Fuleswari and Sutkabari will form the Cooch Behar Dakshin assembly constituency. The other six gram panchayats of Cooch Behar–I block, viz. Jiranpur, Dauaguri, Guriahati–I, Deoanhat, Guriahati–II and Panisala will be part of Natabari assembly constituency. Cooch Behar Uttar constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. All these three assembly constituencies will be part of Cooch Behar (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="20757689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757689" title="1964 Illinois Fighting Illini football team">
1964 Illinois Fighting Illini football team

The 1964 Illinois Fighting Illini football team represented the University of Illinois in the 1964 college football season. 
Season.
At Illinois, Dick Butkus played center and linebacker from 1962 through 1964. Butkus was a unanimous All-American, in 1964. Butkus was named the American Football Coaches Association Player of the Year in 1964. Butkus also finished third in Heisman Trophy balloting, a remarkable achievement given his position.

</doc>
<doc id="20757694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757694" title="1989 Illinois Fighting Illini football team">
1989 Illinois Fighting Illini football team

The 1989 Illinois Fighting Illini football team represented the University of Illinois in the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season.

</doc>
<doc id="20757714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757714" title="Moinidae">
Moinidae

Moinidae is a crustacean family within the order Cladocera. Species within this family are widely occurring including the continents of North America and Africa. In newer classifications it is sometimes included in the family Daphniidae.
"Moina" is one of two genera in the family.

</doc>
<doc id="20757717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757717" title="Inchal">
Inchal


</doc>
<doc id="20757730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757730" title="Lake effect snow watch">
Lake effect snow watch

A Lake Effect Snow Watch is a bulletin issued by the National Weather Service in the United States to warn of heavy snowfall amounts that are will be possible from convective snow generated by cold air masses passing over unfrozen lakes. The criteria for amounts may vary over different county warning areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20757739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757739" title="Ingali">
Ingali


</doc>
<doc id="20757758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757758" title="Shilpa Rao">
Shilpa Rao

Shilpa Rao (born Apeksha Rao) is an Indian female playback singer in Hindi films.
Early life.
She was born on 11 April 1984 in Jamshedpur, Jharkhand. Her father, S. V. Rao, who held a degree in music, introduced her to music. For her education, she went to Little Flower School, Jamshedpur.
Career.
The playback singer Hariharan arranged for Rao to study under his music teacher, Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan. After performing with Shankar Mahadevan in concert, she moved to Mumbai on his advice.
Although she started her career singing advertising jingles, Rao soon moved on to film music. In 2006 she recorded the song "Tosey Naina Lagey" for the movie "Anwar" and "Saiyaan Re" for the film "". She went on to perform songs in films like "One Two Three" ("Gupchup")', "The Train' '("Woh Ajnabee"), "Aamir" ("Ek Lau"), "Dev D" ("Dhol Yaara Dhol", "Ranjhana"), "Gulal" ("Aisi Saaza"). She has sung one Tamil song in "Naan Mahaan Alla" ("Oru Maalai Neram") for Yuvan Shankar Raja.She recently appeared on Star World's popular TV series "The Dewarists" in collaboration with "Agnee" and "Parikrama". She has also sung some Bengali songs mostly with "Jeet Ganguly".
She also Sung a Song Bekaboo from the Serial Navya.
An article published in the "Hindustan Times" in 2009 described her as one of the most prominent singers in the "wave" of "young, little-known singers" then sweeping through Bollywood. She is also a part of band, "Band Called Nine", with lyricist Neelesh Misra and composer Amartya Rahut, working with traditional Indian craft of "Qissa Goi" (storytelling). In 2011, the band released its debut album, " Rewind", consisting of songs and storytelling, put together with a narrative.
In 2012, Rao sang 'Yaariyaan' for "Cocktail".The song got critical success and went on to became a chart-buster eventually.She ended the year 2012 by working with academy award winner "A. R. Rahman" for the song 'Ishq Shava' in "Yash Chopra"'s last film "Jab Tak Hai Jaan". The song was received well by the critics and public. In 2013, Rao sang 'Malang' - Dhoom 3 which gave her critical success. The song became on to become a rage and became a chart-buster.
Awards.
Shilpa won the Best Female Playback Singer at the Star Screen Awards, 2008 for the song "Khuda Jaane" from the movie "Bachna Ae Haseeno". The song was also adjudged the Song of the Year. She also has won Best Singer award at Indian Television Academy Awards for Navya..Naye Dhadkan Naye Sawaal.

</doc>
<doc id="20757768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757768" title="Handkerchief of Clouds">
Handkerchief of Clouds

Handkerchief of Clouds: A Tragedy in Fifteen Acts () is a French-language Dadaist play by Romanian-born author Tristan Tzara. Tzara described it as an "ironic tragedy" or a "tragic farce", composed of 15 short acts, each with an accompanying commentary, with a strong influence from "the serialized novel and the cinema." Its action, he continues, should be staged on a platform in the centre of a box-like room "from which the actors cannot leave" It was first staged on 17 May 1924 at the Théâtre de la Cigale in Paris. The play was Tzara's last Dada production.

</doc>
<doc id="20757777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757777" title="Rihupisa Justus Kandando">
Rihupisa Justus Kandando

Rihupisa Justus Kandando (born 12 July 1963 in Gobabis, Omaheke Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West African National Union (SWANU), Kandando was the party's leader from 1998 until he was replaced by Usutuaije Maamberua.

</doc>
<doc id="20757778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757778" title="Itagi">
Itagi

History.
Itagi is the site of Narayan Swami temple. This temple was built in the 12th century and houses a beautiful and tall Narayan Swami statue. Itagi is related to the history of Channamma kittur. In history of kittur it is one of the main business centre of localites and British. Britishers held one treasury office also, Rayanna and his followers took that. Itagi has a popular lake; Itagi Lake is of 56 acres in area. And Itagi has the oldest Demmavva or Gramdevi temple and shri Kalameshwar temples. One beautiful Paraswanath Jain temple is constructed in the recent past and this temple is totally constructed in stone. It has two masjids. It is a village in which people from all religions – Hindu, Muslim, and Jain live together in harmony. A great freedom fighter B. M. Sanikop, also an MLA, was from Itagi.
in itagi having lake situated in middle of village 
Demographics.
It is a fast-developing village. It is the biggest Gram Panchayat village in Belgaum.
In itagi having 56 acre lake its 2 biggest lake in khanapur taluk. This lake constructed by mallasarj desai.

</doc>
<doc id="20757790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757790" title="Herd behavior">
Herd behavior

Herd behavior describes how individuals in a group can act together without planned direction. The term pertains to the behavior of animals in herds, flocks, schools, demonstrations, riots and general strikes, sporting events, religious gatherings, episodes of mob violence and everyday decision-making, judgment and opinion-forming.
Raafat, Chater and Frith proposed an integrated approach to herding, describing two key issues, the mechanisms of transmission of thoughts or behavior between individuals and the patterns of connections between them. They suggested that bringing together diverse theoretical approaches of herding behavior illuminates the applicability of the concept to many domains, ranging from cognitive neuroscience to economics.
In animals.
A group of animals fleeing from a predator shows the nature of herd behavior. In 1971, in the oft cited article "Geometry For The Selfish Herd," evolutionary biologist W. D. Hamilton asserted that each individual group member reduces the danger to itself by moving as close as possible to the center of the fleeing group. Thus the herd appears as a unit in moving together, but its function emerges from the uncoordinated behavior of self-serving individuals.
Symmetry-breaking.
Asymmetric aggregation of animals under panic conditions has been observed in many species, including humans, mice, and ants. Theoretical models have demonstrated symmetry-breaking similar to observations in empirical studies. For example, when panicked individuals are confined to a room with two equal and equidistant exits, a majority will favor one exit while the minority will favor the other.
Possible mechanisms for this behavior include Hamilton’s Selfish herd theory, neighbor copying, or the byproduct of communication by social animals or runaway positive feedback.
Characteristics of escape panic include:
In human societies.
The philosophers Søren Kierkegaard and Friedrich Nietzsche were among the first to criticize what they referred to as "the crowd" (Kierkegaard) and "herd morality" and the "herd instinct" (Nietzsche) in human society. Modern psychological and economic research has identified herd behavior in humans to explain the phenomena of large numbers of people acting in the same way at the same time. The British surgeon Wilfred Trotter popularized the "herd behavior" phrase in his book, "Instincts of the Herd in Peace and War" (1914). In "The Theory of the Leisure Class", Thorstein Veblen explained economic behavior in terms of social influences such as "emulation," where some members of a group mimic other members of higher status. In "The Metropolis and Mental Life" (1903), early sociologist George Simmel referred to the "impulse to sociability in man", and sought to describe "the forms of association by which a mere sum of separate individuals are made into a 'society' ". Other social scientists explored behaviors related to herding, such as Freud (crowd psychology), Carl Jung (collective unconscious), and Gustave Le Bon (the popular mind).
Swarm theory observed in non-human societies is a related concept and is being explored as it occurs in human society.
Stock market bubbles.
Large stock market trends often begin and end with periods of frenzied buying (bubbles) or selling (crashes). Many observers cite these episodes as clear examples of herding behavior that is irrational and driven by emotion—greed in the bubbles, fear in the crashes. Individual investors join the crowd of others in a rush to get in or out of the market.
Some followers of the technical analysis school of investing see the herding behavior of investors as an example of extreme market sentiment. The academic study of behavioral finance has identified herding in the collective irrationality of investors, particularly the work of Nobel laureates Vernon L. Smith, Amos Tversky, Daniel Kahneman, and Robert Shiller. 
Hey and Morone (2004) analyzed a model of herd behavior in a market context. Their work is related to at least two important strands of literature. The first of these strands is that on herd behavior in a non-market context. The seminal references are Banerjee (1992) and Bikhchandani, Hirshleifer and Welch (1992), both of which showed that herd behavior may result from private information not publicly shared. More specifically, both of these papers showed that individuals, acting sequentially on the basis of private information and public knowledge about the behavior of others, may end up choosing the socially undesirable option. The second of the strands of literature motivating this paper is that of information aggregation in market contexts. A very early reference is the classic paper by Grossman and Stiglitz (1976) that showed that uninformed traders in a market context can become informed through the price in such a way that private information is aggregated correctly and efficiently. A summary of the progress of this strand of literature can be found in the paper by Plott (2000). Hey and Morone (2004) showed that it is possible to observe herd-type behavior in a market context. Their result is even more interesting since it refers to a market with a well-defined fundamental value. Even if herd behavior might only be observed rarely, this has important consequences for a whole range of real markets – most particularly foreign exchange markets.
One such herdish incident was the price volatility that surrounded the 2007 Uranium bubble, which started with flooding of the Cigar Lake Mine in Saskatchewan, during the year 2006.
In crowds.
Crowds that gather on behalf of a grievance can involve herding behavior that turns violent, particularly when confronted by an opposing ethnic or racial group. The Los Angeles riots of 1992, New York Draft Riots and Tulsa Race Riot are notorious in U.S. history. The idea of a "group mind" or "mob behavior" was put forward by the French social psychologists Gabriel Tarde and Gustave Le Bon.
Sporting events can also produce violent episodes of herd behavior. The most violent single riot in history may be the sixth-century Nika riots in Constantinople, precipitated by partisan factions attending the chariot races. The football hooliganism of the 1980s was a well-publicized, latter-day example of sports violence.
During times of mass panic, the herd type behavior can lead to the formation of mobs or large groups of people with destructive intentions. In addition, during such instances, like those during natural disasters, behavior such as mass evacuation and clearing the shelves of food and supplies is common.
Several historians also believe that Adolf Hitler used herd behavior and crowd psychology to his advantage, by placing a group of German officers disguised as civilians within a crowd attending one of his speeches. These officers would cheer and clap loudly for Hitler, and the rest of the crowd followed their example, making it appear that the entire crowd completely agreed with Hitler and his views. These speeches would then be broadcast, increasing the effect.
Everyday decision-making.
"Benign" herding behaviors may occur frequently in everyday decisions based on learning from the information of others, as when a person on the street decides which of two restaurants to dine in. Suppose that both look appealing, but both are empty because it is early evening; so at random, this person chooses restaurant A. Soon a couple walks down the same street in search of a place to eat. They see that restaurant A has customers while B is empty, and choose A on the assumption that having customers makes it the better choice. And so on with other passersby into the evening, with restaurant A doing more business that night than B. This phenomenon is also referred as an information cascade.
Notes.
a. See for example the Wikipedia article on his book "Irrational Exuberance".

</doc>
<doc id="20757793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757793" title="Novell BrainShare">
Novell BrainShare

Novell BrainShare is a technical conference sponsored by Novell. It is held annually in Salt Lake City, Utah. In 2008, after more than 20 years of the conference, Novell announced that BrainShare 2009 would be canceled.
Novell announced that BrainShare Salt Lake City would return in March 2010, along with announcing BrainShare EMEA, to be held in May in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
BrainShare 2011 was held in October, and covered products from the Novell, NetIQ, and SUSE product groups.
BrainShare 2012 was skipped in order to move the date to mid-winter, the timeframe preferred by attendees.
BrainShare 2013 is planned for February 4–7 at the Salt Palace Convention Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20757795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757795" title="Itanal">
Itanal


</doc>
<doc id="20757798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757798" title="Nayani Krishnakumari">
Nayani Krishnakumari

Nayani Krishnakumari was born to Nayani Subba Rao and Hanumayamma on March 14, 1930 in Guntur, a town in Andhra Pradesh, India. She is married to Canakapalli Madhusudana Rao, a lawyer and a distant relative in 1954. They have one daughter and two sons.
Life.
Krishnakumari is a distinguished scholar, poet, researcher, speaker and an active participant in literary and cultural organizations. She served several Institutions in various capacities. She received several awards such as Swarnakankanam instituted by Desoddharaka Kasinathuni Nageswara Rao, Best Telugu Writer award from Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University, and Sahitya Akademi among others. 
Krishnakumari has been an active participant in literary and cultural events. She worked on Telugu ballads and obtained her doctorate in 1970. She has a master’s degree in Sanskrit.
In her dissertation, Krishnakumari took the western critiquing tools and explained the narrative style in Telugu ballads and correlated their underlying philosophy to the Telugu culture scientifically.
Her first book, a story of the Andhra people, entitled "Andhrula katha", was published when she was 18. The book was prescribed as textbook in schools. Her first collection of poetry, "agniputri", was published in 1978, shortly after her father died.
Positions held.
She started her academic career as lecturer in a women’s college in Madras in 1951. 1952, she moved to Osmania University Women’s College in Hyderabad, where she started out as lecturer, and became a reader and professor. During 1983-84, she served as Principal of Padmavathi Mahila University, Tirupati, and returned to Osmania University as Head of the Department of Telugu. She retired in 1990 after serving as the Chair of the Board of Studies in Osmania University for three years. Krishnakumari served as Vice Chancellor of Sri Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University, Hyderabad, from 1996 to 1999. Currently, she is professor emeritus.
Literary works.
Krishnakumari is a pioneer in Folklore studies and women’s literature. 
Krishnakumari’s "Telugu Janapada Geya gaathalu", ballads is considered her major work. In this dissertation, published in 1977, Krishnakumari discussed at length the origin and development of Telugu ballads in the context of Telugu folk literature. She identified the folk literature as a separate and valuable part of our literatures, compared it to similar literatures in other cultures and countries, and produced a systematic classification chart of ethnology, ethnography and sociology. Further, she has shown how other branches such as songs and stories incorporated physical gestures and other theatrical paraphernalia in course of time. In this she also noted the inclusion of terminology from other languages, which happened with educated singers of the ballads.
During her tenure as professor at Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University, Krishnakumari published a textbook on folklore entitled "Telugu janapada vijnanam: samaajam, samskruti, sahityam", containing articles by several scholars in folklore with topics for discussion and further research.
One of Krishnakumari’s innovations is to apply the straight line equation from mathematics to the storytelling methods in folklore. This is an innovating experiment in the studies of folklore in Telugu literature and marked Krishnakumari’s knowledge of mathematics and her erudition in research methodologies.
Krishnakumari publications include two anthologies of her poetry Agniputri of Fire, 1978 and "Em cheppanu nestam!" Can I Say, My Friend!, 1988; history books: "Andhrula katha" Story of Andhra People, "manamuu, mana puurvulu" and Our Ancestors, "telugu bhasha charitra" of Telugu language, ; two collections of short stories: "Ayaatha" (A Collection of short stories), "Gautami" (novel), "Aparajita" (A collaborative novel with three other writers), "pariseelana" Anthology of reviews, "parisodhana" Collection of research papers, "kashmira deepakalika" (A travelogue, recounting her experiences of a tour in Kashmir with a group of students), and "Telugu Janapada geya gaathalu" (Ph.D. dissertation on ballads in Telugu folklore) among several others. Numerous articles on Telugu people’s customs, lifestyles, and culture also attest to her comprehension and knowledge in the areas in question.
Her travelogue, "kashmira deepakalika", is considered unique in Telugu literature for its style. It is an account of her experiences, her response to the beauty of nature in the Kashmir valley during a tour with a group of students she had accompanied. Chekuri Ramarao stated that the book, unlike usual travelogues, "is a literary masterpiece brimming with poetry".
Marking her sixtieth birthday and retirement, several scholars and the elite in Andhra Pradesh honored Krishnakumari. The festschriften volume, "vidushi", features several articles from reputable scholars in Andhra Pradesh.
List of important Literary works.
Translations:
Awards.
Krishnakumari has received several prestigious awards such as - 

</doc>
<doc id="20757799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757799" title="Jaganur">
Jaganur


</doc>
<doc id="20757803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757803" title="Jatrat">
Jatrat


</doc>
<doc id="20757805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757805" title="Jugul">
Jugul

Demographics.
It is on the bank of river Krishna. It consists of separate primary schools for Boys and girls. It also has Urdu primary school.

</doc>
<doc id="20757807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757807" title="Garajau">
Garajau

Madeira’s Garajau Marine Nature Reserve has existed since 1986 off the island of Madeira (an archipelago of Portuguese islands). It is a location for snorkelling and scuba-diving Dive centres exist in the Garajau Reserve. The Garajau reserve is listed on ‘the MPA Global’ a marine-focused database of the world's protected areas that have some intertidal and/or subtidal component. [http://www.mpaglobal.org/index.php?action=search
Marine species that can be seen in the Garajau Reserve include Dusky Groupers (Epinephelus marginatus), Moray Eels (Muraena helena) and garden eels (Taenioconger longissimus). Hunting and fishing are forbidden within the Madeiran marine reserves. The second marine nature reserve in Madeira is on the north coast of the island: Rocha do Navio.
References.
1. Divernet [http://www.divernet.com/Travel_Features/atlantic/157263/piece_of_cake.html]
2. The MPA Global [http://www.mpaglobal.org/index.php?action=search]

</doc>
<doc id="20757808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757808" title="Kabbur">
Kabbur

Demographics.
It is located 20 km from Chikkodi. Famous for Sugarcane. So only the name Kabbur. It has more than 25 temples and at least once in month there will be a fair(jatre). It is also famous for Datti Kunitha and Mallkamba.

</doc>
<doc id="20757810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757810" title="Kadapur">
Kadapur


</doc>
<doc id="20757811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757811" title="Kadoli">
Kadoli


</doc>
<doc id="20757812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757812" title="Walter Gericke">
Walter Gericke

Walter Gericke (23 December 1907 – 19 October 1991), was a German Fallschirmjäger during World War II and Generalmajor of the West German Bundeswehr. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Gericke participated in the Battle of the Netherlands and the Battle of Crete as a Battalion commander of the Fallschirmjäger. He later commanded the Fallschirjäger-Regiment 11 and fought in the defensive battles at Anzio. He joined the newly formed Bundeswehr after the rearmament of West Germany and as a Generalmajor led the 1. Luftlande-Division from 1962 to 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20757813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757813" title="Dinhata subdivision">
Dinhata subdivision

Dinhata subdivision is a subdivision of the Cooch Behar district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Dinhata municipality and three community development blocks: Dinhata–I, Dinhata–II and Sitai. The three blocks contain 33 gram panchayats and one census town. The subdivision has its headquarters at Dinhata.
Area.
Apart from the Dinhata municipality, the subdivision contains one census town and rural areas of 33 gram panchayats under three community development blocks: Dinhata–I, Dinhata–II and Sitai. The only census town under this block is Bhangri Pratham Khanda.
Blocks.
Dinhata–I block.
Rural area under Dinhata–I block consists of 16 gram panchayats, viz. Bara Atia bari–I, Dinhata Village–II, Gosanimari–II, Putimari–I, Bara Atiabari–II, Gitaldaha–I, Matalhat, Putimari–II, Bara Soulmari, Gitaldaha–II, Okrabari, BHETAGURI–I, Dinhata Village–I, Gosanimari–I, Petla and Bhetaguri–II. Urban area under this block comprises one census town: Bhangri Pratham Khanda. Dinhata police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Dinhata.
Dinhata–II block.
Rural area under Dinhata–II block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Bamanhat–I, Burirhat–II, Kishamat Dasgram, Sukarukuthi, Bamanhat–II, Chowdhurihat, Najirhat–I, Barasakdal, Gobra Chhara Nayarhat, Najirhat–II, Burirhat–I and Sahebganj. There is no urban area under this block. Dinhata police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sahebganj.
Sitai block.
Rural area under Sitai block consists of five gram panchayats, viz. Adabari, Chamta, Sitai–II, Brahmottar–Chatra and Sitai–I. There is no urban area under this block. Sitai police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sitai.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the Dinhata municipality, Dinhata–II block and Bhetaguri–I, Dinhata Village–I, Dinhata Village–II and Putimari–I gram panchayats of Dinhata–I block together will constitute the Dinhata assembly constituency of West Bengal. The other twelve gram panchayats of Dinhata–I block, viz. Bara Atiabari–I, Gosanimari–II, Bara Atiabari–II, Gitaldaha–I, Matalhat, Putimari–II, Bara Soulmari, Gitaldaha–II, Okrabari, Gosanimari–I, Petla and Bhetaguri–II will form the Sitai assembly constituency along with the whole area under Sitai block. Sitai constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. Both constituencies will be part of Cooch Behar (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="20757814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757814" title="Dabney Cosby">
Dabney Cosby

Dabney Cosby (c. 1793-August, 1862) was an American architect and builder active primarily in Virginia and North Carolina. His earliest known work dates to the 1820s; he is known to have been active until the time of his death.
Cosby is said to have worked with Thomas Jefferson on the construction of some of the original buildings of the University of Virginia early in his career, but the precise nature of their collaboration remains unknown. His earliest documented work is the courthouse of Sussex County, Virginia, dated to 1825. Cosby was well-known around southern Virginia and North Carolina, and worked in many styles throughout his career. In 1840 he purchased a lot in Raleigh, North Carolina, living in that town until his death; his letters indicate that he travelled greatly during this time. Most of Crosby's surviving buildings are in Virginia. These include Cumberland County Courthouse in Cumberland, Virginia; Grace Church in the former community of Ca Ira; Halifax County Courthouse in Halifax, Virginia, Venable Hall, on the campus of Hampden-Sydney College; the Sussex County Courthouse in Sussex, and the Goochland County Courthouse complex in Goochland, all of which are listed on the National Register of Historic Places, as well as Hotel A, one of the buildings designed by Jefferson that comprise the core of the University of Virginia, which has long housed the "Virginia Quarterly Review".
Cosby died in 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="20757815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757815" title="Kadrolli">
Kadrolli


</doc>
<doc id="20757819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757819" title="Kallolli">
Kallolli


</doc>
<doc id="20757825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757825" title="Bulbostylis capillaris">
Bulbostylis capillaris

Bulbostylis capillaris is a species of sedge known by the common names densetuft hairsedge and threadleaf beakseed. It is native to much of North and Central America, where it grows in many types of habitat, generally in moist areas such as streamside meadows. It is an annual herb which is somewhat variable in appearance but generally takes the form of a small, upright tuft of green herbage growing close to the ground. There are several stems surrounded by thready, thin leaves. The inflorescence occurs at the tip of the stem and is composed of tiny spikelets which are green washed with rusty red. The fruit is about a millimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="20757826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757826" title="Kanagale">
Kanagale


</doc>
<doc id="20757828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757828" title="Steve Joughin">
Steve Joughin

Steve Joughin (born 23 June 1959) is a former professional Manx road racing cyclist. He was the first Manxman ever win the British professional road race title. He is arguably one of the best UK riders of his generation, riding in the 1980s which was the golden age of British racing.
Cycling career.
His first cycling race as a youngster was around King Georges Park in Douglas racing in jeans and trainers. However he enjoyed the camaraderie of racing and soon joined the Manx Road Club. By the age of 16 he realised he had talent and won the Merseyside divisional road race championships in 1976 and 1977. He then became the first Manx rider to win the national junior road race series and the British Junior Road race championship. In 1978 he competed in the individual road race at the Commonwealth Games, finishing 27th after crashing on the final lap. The gold medal was won by Phil Anderson. In 1980 he won the Premier Calendar series, whilst riding for the all conquering Manchester Wheelers' Club. However he missed out on selection for the 1980 Moscow Olympic Games. At the end of the 1980 season Joughin decided he would spend the 1981 season living and racing in France However he didn’t settle and was back within a few months. As he wasn’t prepared to live in a hovel scratching around trying to win races in the hope of being offered a professional contract. Instead he opted to live and race in the UK, now and again beating the big stars when they came over. The following season he again won the Premier Calendar series and competed at the 1982 Commonwealth Games in Brisbane. However the highlight was arguably winning a Stage in the Sealink International after outsprinting Dirk De Wolf, the eventual race winner. He was also third in the British National Road Race Championships, the race was won by Jeff Williams. Joughin then turned professional in 1983, aged 23, with the Moducel team which was based in Staffordshire. In only his second season as a professional he won the British National Road Race Championships in 1984. The race was held on the home soil for Joughin, in the Isle of Man and attracted huge crowds. In 1986 Joughin won two stages of the Milk Race leaving behind Djamolidine Abdoujaparov. After four seasons with Moducel he joined Percy Bilton riding alongside Bob Downs and John Herety. That same season he had arguably his greatest ever victory winning the first stage in the 1987 Kellogg's Tour of Britain, beating some of the biggest names in the sport of cycling such as Sean Kelly. Joughin got into a breakaway and then as he approached the finish in the city of Birmingham unleashed his trademark sprint. In 1988 he had one season riding for Ever Ready alongside Tony Doyle and again won the British National Road Race Championships. However after just one season he returned to Percy Bilton riding alongside Paul Curran. His last season was 1991 riding for K.J.C. - Revelation.
Joughin showed that he could beat some of the fastest sprinters in the world. However his inability to climb restricted his "palmarès".
Post-cycling career.
Steve retired in 1991 as he was unable to secure a ride for the following year. In a bid to help fill the huge hole that racing, and the thrill of success, had left in his life, he became an alcoholic. By 2005, he was lying in an Italian hospital bed fighting for his life. However Joughin has since began putting his life back together. Today Joughin lives in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, where he has run his cycle clothing business, Pro-Vision, along with his son Ben, since 1996.
Palmarès.
1st British Junior Road race champion
1st GP Essex 

</doc>
<doc id="20757830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757830" title="Kankanawadi">
Kankanawadi


</doc>
<doc id="20757832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757832" title="Kanvi Karvinakoppa">
Kanvi Karvinakoppa


</doc>
<doc id="20757834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757834" title="Karadaga">
Karadaga


</doc>
<doc id="20757836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757836" title="Groupthink">
Groupthink

Groupthink is a psychological phenomenon that occurs within a group of people, in which the desire for harmony or conformity in the group results in an incorrect or deviant decision-making outcome. Group members try to minimize conflict and reach a consensus decision without critical evaluation of alternative ideas or viewpoints, and by isolating themselves from outside influences.
Loyalty to the group requires individuals to avoid raising controversial issues or alternative solutions, and there is loss of individual creativity, uniqueness and independent thinking. The dysfunctional group dynamics of the "ingroup" produces an "illusion of invulnerability" (an inflated certainty that the right decision has been made). Thus the "ingroup" significantly overrates their own abilities in decision-making, and significantly underrates the abilities of their opponents (the "outgroup").
Antecedent factors such as group cohesiveness, faulty group structure, and situational context (e.g., community panic) play into the likelihood of whether or not groupthink will impact the decision-making process.
Groupthink is a construct of social psychology, but has an extensive reach and influences literature in the fields of communication studies, political science, management, and organizational theory, as well as important aspects of deviant religious cult behaviour.
Most of the initial research on groupthink was conducted by Irving Janis, a research psychologist from Yale University. Janis published an influential book in 1972, which was revised in 1982. Later studies have evaluated and reformulated his groupthink model.
History.
William H. Whyte, Jr. coined the term in March 1952, in "Fortune" magazine:
Irving Janis pioneered the initial research on the groupthink theory. He does not cite Whyte, but coined the term by analogy with "doublethink" and similar terms that were part of the newspeak vocabulary in George Orwell's novel "1984". In his first writing on groupthink in 1971, he defined the term as follows:
He went on to write:
Janis set the foundation for the study of groupthink starting with his research in the American Soldier Project where he studied the effect of extreme stress on group cohesiveness. After this study he remained interested in the ways in which people make decisions under external threats. This interest led Janis to study a number of "disasters" in American foreign policy, such as failure to anticipate the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor (1941); the Bay of Pigs Invasion fiasco (1961); and the prosecution of the Vietnam War (1964–67) by President Lyndon Johnson. He concluded that in each of these cases, the decisions occurred largely because of groupthink, which prevented contradictory views from being expressed and subsequently evaluated.
After the publication of Janis' book "Victims of Groupthink" in 1972, and a revised edition with the title "Groupthink: Psychological Studies of Policy Decisions and Fiascoes" in 1982, the concept of groupthink was used to explain many other faulty decisions in history. These events included Nazi Germany's decision to invade the Soviet Union in 1941, the Watergate Scandal and countless others. Despite the popularity of the concept of groupthink, fewer than two dozen studies addressed the phenomenon itself following the publication of "Victims of Groupthink", between the years 1972 and 1998. This is surprising considering how many fields of interests it spans, which include political science, communications, organizational studies, social psychology, management, strategy, counseling, and marketing. One can most likely explain this lack of follow-up in that group research is difficult to conduct, groupthink has many independent and dependent variables, and it is unclear "how to translate [groupthink's] theoretical concepts into observable and measurable constructs."
Nevertheless, outside research psychology and sociology, wider culture has come to detect groupthink (somewhat fuzzily defined) in observable situations, for example:
Symptoms.
To make groupthink testable, Irving Janis devised eight symptoms indicative of groupthink.
Type I: Overestimations of the group — its power and morality
Type II: Closed-mindedness
Type III: Pressures toward uniformity
Groupthink, resulting from the symptoms listed above, results in defective decision-making. That is, consensus-driven decisions are the result of the following practices of groupthinking
Causes.
Janis prescribed three antecedent conditions to groupthink.
Although it is possible for a situation to contain all three of these factors, all three are not always present even when groupthink is occurring. Janis considered a high degree of cohesiveness to be the most important antecedent to producing groupthink and always present when groupthink was occurring; however, he believed high cohesiveness would not always produce groupthink. A very cohesive group abides to all group norms; whether or not groupthink arises is dependent on what the group norms are. If the group encourages individual dissent and alternative strategies to problem solving, it is likely that groupthink will be avoided even in a highly cohesive group. This means that high cohesion will lead to groupthink only if one or both of the other antecedents is present, situational context being slightly more likely than structural faults to produce groupthink.
Prevention.
As observed by Aldag & Fuller (1993), the groupthink phenomenon seems to rest on a set of unstated and generally restrictive assumptions:
It has been thought that groups with the strong ability to work together will be able to solve dilemmas in a quicker and more efficient fashion than an individual. Groups have a greater amount of resources which lead them to be able to store and retrieve information more readily and come up with more alternatives solutions to a problem. There was a recognized downside to group problem solving in that it takes groups more time to come to a decision and requires that people make compromises with each other. However, it was not until the research of Janis appeared that anyone really considered that a highly cohesive group could impair the group's ability to generate quality decisions. Tightly-knit groups may appear to make decisions better because they can come to a consensus quickly and at a low energy cost; however, over time this process of decision making may decrease the members' ability to think critically. It is, therefore, considered by many to be important to combat the effects of groupthink.
According to Janis, decision making groups are not necessarily destined to groupthink. He devised ways of preventing groupthink:
By following these guidelines, groupthink can be avoided. After the Bay of Pigs invasion fiasco, President John F. Kennedy sought to avoid groupthink during the Cuban Missile Crisis using "vigilant appraisal." During meetings, he invited outside experts to share their viewpoints, and allowed group members to question them carefully. He also encouraged group members to discuss possible solutions with trusted members within their separate departments, and he even divided the group up into various sub-groups, to partially break the group cohesion. Kennedy was deliberately absent from the meetings, so as to avoid pressing his own opinion.
Empirical findings and meta-analysis.
It has been incredibly difficult to test groupthink in the laboratory because it removes groups from real social situations, which changes the variables conducive or inhibitive to groupthink. Because of its subjectivity, researchers have struggled to measure groupthink as a complete phenomenon. Instead, they often opt to measure particular factors of the groupthink phenomenon. These factors range from causal to effectual and focus on group and situational aspects.
Park (1990) found that "only 16 empirical studies have been published on groupthink," and concluded that they "resulted in only partial support of his [Janis's] hypotheses." Park concludes, "despite Janis' claim that group cohesiveness is the major necessary antecedent factor, no research has showed a significant main effect of cohesiveness on groupthink." Park also concludes that research on the interaction between group cohesiveness and leadership style does not support Janis' claim that cohesion and leadership style interact to produce groupthink symptoms. Park presents a summary of the results of the studies analyzed. According to Park, a study by Huseman and Drive (1979) indicates groupthink occurs in both small and large decision making groups within businesses. This results partly from group isolation within the business. Manz and Sims (1982) conducted a study showing that autonomous work groups are susceptible to groupthink symptoms in the same manner as decisions making groups within businesses. Fodor and Smith (1982) produced a study revealing that group leaders with high power motivation create atmospheres more susceptible to groupthink. Leaders with high power motivation possess characteristics similar to leaders with a "closed" leadership style—an unwillingness to respect dissenting opinion. The same study indicates that level of group cohesiveness is insignificant in predicting groupthink occurrence. Park summarizes a study performed by Callaway, Marriot, and Esser (1985) in which groups with highly dominant members "made higher quality decisions, exhibited lowered state of anxiety, took more time to reach a decision, and made more statements of disagreement/agreement." Overall, groups with highly dominant members expressed characteristics inhibitory to groupthink. If highly dominant members are considered equivalent to leaders with high power motivation, the results of Callaway, Marriot, and Esser contradict the results of Fodor and Smith. A study by Leana (1985) indicates the interaction between level of group cohesion and leadership style is completely insignificant in predicting groupthink. This finding refutes Janis' claim that the factors of cohesion and leadership style interact to produce groupthink. Park summarizes a study by McCauley (1989) in which structural conditions of the group were found to predict groupthink while situational conditions did not. The structural conditions included group insulation, group homogeneity, and promotional leadership. The situational conditions included group cohesion. These findings refute Janis' claim about group cohesiveness predicting groupthink.
Overall, studies on groupthink have largely focused on the factors (antecedents) that predict groupthink. Groupthink occurrence is often measured by number of ideas/solutions generated within a group, but there is no uniform, concrete standard by which researchers can objectively conclude groupthink occurs. The studies of groupthink and groupthink antecedents reveal a mixed body of results. Some studies indicate group cohesion and leadership style to be powerfully predictive of groupthink, while other studies indicate the insignificance of these factors. Group homogeneity and group insulation are generally supported as factors predictive of groupthink.
Case studies.
Politics and military.
Groupthink can have a strong hold on political decisions and military operations, which may result in enormous wastage of human and material resources. Highly qualified and experienced politicians and military commanders sometimes make very poor decisions when in a suboptimal group setting. Scholars such as Janis and Raven attribute political and military fiascoes, such as the Bay of Pigs Invasion, Vietnam War, and the Watergate scandal, to the effect of groupthink. More recently, Dina Badie argued that groupthink was largely responsible for the shift in the U.S. administration's view on Saddam Hussein that eventually led to the 2003 invasion of Iraq by the United States. After 9/11, "stress, promotional leadership, and intergroup conflict" were all factors that gave rise to the occurrence of groupthink. Political case studies of groupthink serve to illustrate the impact that the occurrence of groupthink can have in today's political scene.
Bay of Pigs invasion and the Cuban Missile Crisis.
The United States Bay of Pigs Invasion of April 1961 was the primary case study that Janis used to formulate his theory of groupthink. The invasion plan was initiated by the Eisenhower administration, but when the Kennedy White House took over, it "uncritically accepted" the CIA's plan. When some people, such as Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr. and Senator J. William Fulbright, attempted to present their objections to the plan, the Kennedy team as a whole ignored these objections and kept believing in the morality of their plan. Eventually Schlesinger minimized his own doubts, performing self-censorship. The Kennedy team stereotyped Castro and the Cubans by failing to question the CIA about its many false assumptions, including the ineffectiveness of Castro's air force, the weakness of Castro's army, and the inability of Castro to quell internal uprisings.
Janis claimed the fiasco that ensued could have been prevented if the Kennedy administration had followed the methods to preventing groupthink adopted during the Cuban Missile Crisis of October 1962. In the latter crisis, essentially the same political leaders were involved in decision-making, but this time they learned from their previous mistake of seriously under-rating their opponents.
Pearl Harbor.
The attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941 is a prime example of groupthink. A number of factors such as shared illusions and rationalizations contributed to the lack of precaution taken by Naval officers based in Hawaii. The United States had intercepted Japanese messages and they discovered that Japan was arming itself for an offensive attack somewhere in the Pacific. Washington took action by warning officers stationed at Pearl Harbor, but their warning was not taken seriously. They assumed that Japan was taking measures in the event that their embassies and consulates in enemy territories were usurped.
The Navy and Army in Pearl Harbor also shared rationalizations about why an attack was unlikely. Some of them included:
Corporate world.
Swissair's collapse.
In the corporate world, ineffective and suboptimal group decision-making can negatively affect the health of a company and cause a considerable amount of monetary loss. Aaron Hermann and Hussain Rammal illustrate the detrimental role of groupthink in the collapse of Swissair, a Swiss airline company that was thought to be so financially stable that it earned the title the "Flying Bank." The authors argue that, among other factors, Swissair carried two symptoms of groupthink: the belief that the group is invulnerable and the belief in the morality of the group. In addition, before the fiasco, the size of the company board was reduced, subsequently eliminating industrial expertise. This may have further increased the likelihood of groupthink. With the board members lacking expertise in the field and having somewhat similar background, norms, and values, the pressure to conform may have become more prominent. This phenomenon is called group homogeneity, which is an antecedent to groupthink. Together, these conditions may have contributed to the poor decision-making process that eventually led to Swissair's collapse.
Marks & Spencer and British Airways.
Another example of groupthink from the corporate world is illustrated in the UK based companies, Marks & Spencer and British Airways. The negative impact of groupthink took place during the 1990s as both companies released globalization expansion strategies. Researcher Jack Eaton's content analysis of media press releases revealed that all eight symptoms of groupthink were present during this period. The most predominant symptom of groupthink was the illusion of invulnerability as both companies underestimated potential failure due to years of profitability and success during challenging markets. Up until the consequence of groupthink erupted they were considered blue chips and darlings of the British Stock Exchange. During 1998 - 1999 the price of Marks & Spencer shares fell from 590 to less than 300 and that of British Airways from 740 to 300. Both companies had already featured prominently in the UK press and media for more positive reasons, to do with national pride in their undoubted sectoral performance."
Sports.
Recent literature of groupthink attempts to study the application of this concept beyond the framework of business and politics. One particularly relevant and popular arena in which groupthink is rarely studied is sports. The lack of literature in this area prompted Charles Koerber and Christopher Neck to begin a case-study investigation that examined the effect of groupthink on the decision of the Major League Umpires Association (MLUA) to stage a mass resignation in 1999. The decision was a failed attempt to gain a stronger negotiating stance against Major League Baseball. Koerber and Neck suggest that three groupthink symptoms can be found in the decision-making process of the MLUA. First, the umpires overestimated the power that they had over the baseball league and the strength of their group's resolve. The union also exhibited some degree of closed-mindedness with the notion that MLB is the enemy. Lastly, there was the presence of self-censorship; some umpires who disagreed with the decision to resign failed to voice their dissent. These factors, along with other decision-making defects, led to a decision that was suboptimal and ineffective.
Recent developments.
Ubiquity model.
Researcher Robert Baron (2005) contends that the connection between certain antecedents Janis believed necessary have not been demonstrated by the current collective body of research on groupthink. He believes that Janis' antecedents for groupthink is incorrect and argues that not only are they "not necessary to provoke the symptoms of groupthink, but that they often will not even amplify such symptoms." As an alternative to Janis' model, Baron proposes a ubiquity model of groupthink. This model provides a revised set of antecedents for groupthink, including social identification, salient norms, and low self-efficacy.
General group problem-solving (GGPS) model.
Aldag and Fuller (1993) argue that the groupthink concept was based on a "small and relatively restricted sample" that became too broadly generalized. Furthermore, the concept is too rigidly staged and deterministic. Empirical support for it has also not been consistent. The authors compare groupthink model to findings presented by Maslow and Piaget; they argue that, in each case, the model incites great interest and further research that, subsequently, invalidate the original concept. Aldag and Fuller thus suggest a new model called the general group problem-solving (GGPS) model, which integrates new findings from groupthink literature and alters aspects of groupthink itself. The primary difference between the GGPS model and groupthink is that the former is more value neutral and political oriented.
Reexamination.
Other scholars attempt to assess the merit of groupthink by reexamining case studies that Janis had originally used to buttress his model. Roderick Kramer (1998) believed that, because scholars today have a more sophisticated set of ideas about the general decision-making process and because new and relevant information about the fiascos have surfaced over the years, a reexamination of the case studies is appropriate and necessary. He argues that new evidence does not support Janis' view that groupthink was largely responsible for President Kennedy's and President Johnson's decisions in the Bay of Pigs Invasion and U.S. escalated military involvement in the Vietnam War, respectively. Both presidents sought the advice of experts outside of their political groups more than Janis suggested. Kramer also argues that the presidents were the final decision-makers of the fiascos; while determining which course of action to take, they relied more heavily on their own construals of the situations than on any group-consenting decision presented to them. Kramer concludes that Janis' explanation of the two military issues is flawed and that groupthink has much less influence on group decision-making than is popularly believed to be.
Reformulation.
Whyte (1998) suggests that collective efficacy plays a large role in groupthink because it causes groups to become less vigilant and to favor risks, two particular factors that characterize groups affected by groupthink. McCauley recasts aspects of groupthink's preconditions by arguing that the level of attractiveness of group members is the most prominent factor in causing poor decision-making. The results of Turner's and Pratkanis' (1991) study on social identity maintenance perspective and groupthink conclude that groupthink can be viewed as a "collective effort directed at warding off potentially negative views of the group." Together, the contributions of these scholars have brought about new understandings of groupthink that help reformulate Janis' original model.
Sociocognitive theory.
According to a new theory many of the basic characteristics of groupthink - e.g., strong cohesion, indulgent atmosphere, and exclusive ethos - are the result of a special kind of mnemonic encoding (Tsoukalas, 2007). Members of tightly knit groups have a tendency to represent significant aspects of their community as episodic memories and this has a predictable influence on their group behavior and collective ideology.

</doc>
<doc id="20757842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757842" title="Karlakatti">
Karlakatti


</doc>
<doc id="20757845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757845" title="Katakol">
Katakol


</doc>
<doc id="20757846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757846" title="Khadaklat">
Khadaklat

BUSINESS: 
Agriculture is the main business here, Khadaklat being better known for top quality tobacco production, used in manufacturing BEEDI. Other common crops include beetle nut, ground nut, jowar-bajri and sugarcane. Farms are mainly dependent on rain water although ground water and canal water also being used to some extent.
EDUCATION, ENTERTAINMENT: 
Khadaklat has schools up to 10th std in Marathi, Kannada and Urdu medium. It also has Marathi Girl's school up to 7th std. Recently a Junior College has come up much to the benefit of not only local students but also those from villages in vicinity of Khadaklat. Only entertainment to villagers is The Santaji Chitramandir (Theater), although almost every home now bears a TV set and cable network like in any other part of India. 
New Gram Panchayat building has come up in outskirts of village with good ambience, much to the pleasure of villagers. Just beside the new Panchayat building is the site of concrete built bazaar, where weekly vegetable bazaar gathers on every Wednesday, facilitating villagers to buy Farm Fresh vegetables and fruits at reasonable prices.
Demographics.
Khadaklat is one of the main village in the chikodi taluka of the belgaum district. It is situated near the Laxmi temple one of good place to visit. As of 2011 Census, Total Population of Khadaklat is 12625.
See also.
khadaklat is mainly known for the production of the tobacco and beetle nuts.

</doc>
<doc id="20757847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757847" title="Royal Parks Foundation">
Royal Parks Foundation

The Royal Parks Foundation is a registered charity established in 2003 (registered charity number 1097545). It is the charity that helps support London's eight amazing London's Royal Parks for everyone to enjoy, now and in the future. The charity's patron is HRH The Prince of Wales.
Deckchair Dreams.
As part of its annual fund-raising efforts, the Foundation promotes Deckchair Dreams, through which artists donate individual works of art for the canvases of deck chairs which are reproduced and distributed through the Parks.
Among the artists and celebrities who have contributed to the scheme are Damien Hirst, Will Young, Antony Worrall Thompson, Tracey Emin, Alexander McQueen, and Raymond Briggs.
Deckchairs from the 2008 collection were recycled into sling bags, made by designer Bill Amberg.
2010.
The 2010 collection of deckchairs draws on themes of nuts, fruits and seeds in the parks, and represents a partnership with the Shanghai Botanical Gardens, including designs by British and Chinese artists.
British designers include the milliner Philip Treacy, Rob Kesseler, cartoonists Ronald Searle and Alexander Williams, and the wildlife sculptor Simon Gudgeon. Treacy's design features an illustration of model Linda Evangelista wearing one of his hats.
Around 700 chairs have been made available across Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, Green Park, St. James's Park and Regent's Park. Sara Lom of the Royal Parks Foundation said it had been "wonderful to partner with Shanghai" on the project.

</doc>
<doc id="20757848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757848" title="Koganoli">
Koganoli


</doc>
<doc id="20757850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757850" title="Kohalli">
Kohalli


</doc>
<doc id="20757862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757862" title="Kokatnoor">
Kokatnoor


</doc>
<doc id="20757865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757865" title="Kottalgi">
Kottalgi


</doc>
<doc id="20757867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757867" title="Koujalgi">
Koujalgi


</doc>
<doc id="20757884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757884" title="Rugby league in South Australia">
Rugby league in South Australia

Rugby league in South Australia is a minority sport, played at amateur level.
History.
Rugby league in the state traces its roots in the state back to the 1940s, when the Port Adelaide rugby union team split, and defected to rugby league.
Big time rugby league came to South Australia on 28 June 1991 when the St George Dragons defeated the Balmain Tigers in front of 28,884 fans at the Adelaide Oval for their Round 14 match of the 1991 NSWRL season. This would be the first of five consecutive years the Dragons (sponsored by South Australian wine company Penfolds) would play one home game per season at the Adelaide Oval. The attendance also stood as the largest minor round attendance of the 1991 season.
South Australia's only professional rugby league team, the Adelaide Rams, had a short but eventful existence. Originally the Australian Rugby League (ARL) planned to relocate a Sydney team to Adelaide but the Super League war and the SARL's decision to align themselves with the News Ltd Super League in 1995 killed off the ARL's want for a team in Adelaide. Later in 1995, with Super League still only consisting of nine teams and Melbourne still aligned with the ARL, a decision was made to give Adelaide the 10th Super League license.
In 1995 the ARL won their Supreme Court battle with Super League which stopped the rebel competition from starting its first season in 1996. This proved only temporary however as the decision was overturned on appeal and Super League would begin their new competition in 1997 with the Adelaide Rams one of the teams to be playing.
Brought into existence for the 1997 Super League season, the Rams had instant success, attracting 27,435 to their first home game at the Adelaide Oval. Results however would prove elusive for the new club who finished their inaugural season in 9th place. In 1998 they were selected to join the 20-team National Rugby League, however rumours abounded that they were to axed from the 1999 season as part of the rationalisation of teams (from 20 to 16) in the competition. Crowd numbers fell away in 1998 as on-field results continued to elude the team, and a dispute over playing at the Adelaide Oval saw the Rams move to Hindmarsh Stadium for the final four rounds of the season.
The club got as far as their season launch for the 1999 NRL season before the clubs owners News Ltd agreed to wind up the club before the season started.
Governing body.
The South Australian Rugby League is responsible for administering the game of rugby league in South Australia. South Australia is an Affiliated State of the overall Australian governing body the Australian Rugby League.
State competitions.
There are five senior clubs and six junior clubs located around Adelaide. Competitions are run from Under 7s through to First Grade.
Representative teams are selected each year to compete in the Australian Secondary Schools Rugby League (ASSRL) National Championships at both 15 and 18 years of age respectively, competing against Western Australia, Victoria, Northern Territory and New South Wales Combined Independent Schools (NSW CIS) at both age levels. Players who compete representing South Australia each year are eligible to be selected into both the Australian Merit Squad and the Australian Affiliated States Merit Squad at the 15 Years championships, and the Australian Schoolboys as well as the Australian Affiliated States team at the 18 Years championships.
Premiership Clubs.
Representative Team.
The South Australian state team play in the Affiliated States Championship along with the other three affiliated states (Victoria, Northern Territory and Western Australia) plus the Australian Police and Australian Defence Force.
Notes and references.
"This article incorporates content from the South Australian Rugby League article."
In 1994 and 1995 the then West End XIII played Victoria at the Melbourne Cricket Ground as the curtain raiser game for the State of Origin games in those years. In 1994 the South Australian side had the priverlidge of being one of the first Rugby League sides to play at that venue in nearly 80 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20757887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757887" title="Kudachi (Rural)">
Kudachi (Rural)


</doc>
<doc id="20757889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757889" title="Kuligod">
Kuligod


</doc>
<doc id="20757894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757894" title="Kunnur">
Kunnur

Geography and Climate-
Kunnur is close to western ghats it enjoys a good rainy season. Summer is hot but temperatures do not causes discomfort. Winter is pleasant and enjoyable. Temperature ranges from 16 to 41°C (61 to 104°F). Sugarcane and vegetables are the main crops in and around this region.
Demographics.
Kunnur has a great Traditional Background. Hanuman temple, Vitthal Mandir, Ram Mandir, Datta mandir,Jain Basti, Muslim Masjid, Veerbhadra temple, Bhairavnath Temple are placed in one area which are nearer to each other. Sangameshwar Mandir is also one of the Jagrut Temple which is located outside the village around 3.5 km from the main village.Kunnur is surrounded by two rivers Dudhganga and Vedganga. The beautiful mahadev temple is located where these two rivers meet. Every year in Jan or Feb month big "mela"(Yatra)arranged in this place. Kunnur is well known for Hanuman temple. The Hanuman committee during Hanuman Jayanti, 11 days cultural programs arranges and people from nearby villages come in large number to take blessings of God Hanuman and enjoys the cultural activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20757896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757896" title="Kurli, Karnataka">
Kurli, Karnataka


</doc>
<doc id="20757898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757898" title="Kurni">
Kurni


</doc>
<doc id="20757902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757902" title="M.K.Hubli">
M.K.Hubli


</doc>
<doc id="20757904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757904" title="Parqu Qucha (Bolivia)">
Parqu Qucha (Bolivia)

Parqu Qucha (Quechua: "parquy" (irrigation), "qucha" (lake), hispanicized spellings Parco "Cocha, Parco Khocha, Parcococha, Parkho Khocha, Parko Q'ocha") is a Bolivian lake located in Vacas Municipality, Arani Province, Cochabamba Department.
The most important rivers which flow into Parqu Qucha are Challwa Mayu, Jatun Calada, Jatun Mayu, Kañara, Parqu Qucha, Pedregal River, Wasa K'uchu. Its surface area is .

</doc>
<doc id="20757906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757906" title="Madabhavi">
Madabhavi


</doc>
<doc id="20757907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757907" title="Mallapur (P.G.)">
Mallapur (P.G.)


</doc>
<doc id="20757916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757916" title="Mamadapur, Belgaum">
Mamadapur, Belgaum

It is the birthplace of Wrangler D.C. Pavate

</doc>
<doc id="20757918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757918" title="Manakapur">
Manakapur


</doc>
<doc id="20757919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757919" title="Mangasuli">
Mangasuli

Religious Significance.
Mangasuli is famous in the regions of Southern Maharashtra and Northern Karnataka for its temple of Lord Khandoba. The name Mangasuli originates from "Malla" (name of the demon) - "suli" (killed). It is said that this is the place where Lord Khandoba killed the demon Malla. The other name of Lord Khandoba - Malhari or Mallari - also originates from the words "Malla" and "ari" (enemy)& "Mallayya" in Kannada language.
Khandoba of Mangasuli is the Kuldevta of many families in the region. It is a tradition to visit the temple after important events in their families (like marriage, birth of a child), to seek the Lord's blessings. Many devotees visit the place during the yearly "Utsav", which is celebrated from the first to the sixth day of the bright fortnight of the Hindu calendar month Margashirsha. The festival culminates into a Yatra on the last day of "Champa Shashthi".
It has population of both Marathi speaking people and Kannada speaking people. It is one of the Marathi speaking villages on the Maharashtra-Karnataka border place.

</doc>
<doc id="20757921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757921" title="Mangutti">
Mangutti


</doc>
<doc id="20757923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757923" title="Tennessee Ramblers (North Carolina band)">
Tennessee Ramblers (North Carolina band)

The Tennessee Rambers were an American Country and Western swing band that originally consisted of Dick Hartman (1898–1962) on mandolin and vocals, Harry Blair on guitar and vocals, Kenneth Wolfe on fiddle, and Cecil Campbell on banjo and steel guitar. Hartman formed the band in 1928 to perform on Pittsburgh radio station KDKA. In 1934, the band moved to Charlotte, North Carolina, which remained their base for most of the band's lifespan. 
By the time the Tennessee Ramblers made their first recording for Bluebird Records in 1935, they had added bassist Fred Morris, fiddler Elmer Warren, and a novelty musician named Jack Gillette. The band performed in the 1936 motion picture "Ride Ranger Ride" and the 1937 film "The Yodelin' Kid from Pine Ridge", both starring Gene Autry. Although Hartman left the group in 1938, the band continued performing under the leadership of Gillette. They appeared in several films in the early 1940s, including Tex Ritter's "The Pioneers" in 1941. 
In 1949, Harry Blair retired, leaving Campbell as the last remaining original member. Campbell continued using the band's name, however, until the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20757925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757925" title="Manihal">
Manihal


</doc>
<doc id="20757928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757928" title="Manolli">
Manolli


</doc>
<doc id="20757930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757930" title="Marihal">
Marihal


</doc>
<doc id="20757931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757931" title="Mekhali">
Mekhali


</doc>
<doc id="20757935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757935" title="Melavanki">
Melavanki


</doc>
<doc id="20757936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757936" title="Mouje Nandgad">
Mouje Nandgad


</doc>
<doc id="20757939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757939" title="Muchandi">
Muchandi


</doc>
<doc id="20757943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757943" title="Murgod">
Murgod

Demographics.
Muragod has grama panchayath. It has 28 ward members. Current president of grama panchyath is Shri Santhosh Shettar.
It has good bus facility.It is just 11 km from Bailhongal and 15 km from yaragatti.
Mythology.
At the time of Mahabharata Murgod was called as "Amarkalyan" and Day by day name converted into "Threeshigapura" (in Kannada means "Mooru koda") finally the name becomes Murgod.
Murgod is the holy place for basava's saints and shiva devotees. Shri mahant Duradhundishwara math and Shri chidambara punya kshetra attracts devotees from across india.
Some other holy places in muragod are "Shri Mallikarjuna Temple" which is build as same as "Shrishail Mallikarjuna temple". Its ancient architecture is very attractive, "Pandavar Padi"(Pandavar Hill) There is myth that at time of mahabharath pandavas crossed through this village so that is called as "Pandavara Padi", "Siddappana Gavi"(Siddappa's Cave) when yadeyur siddalingeshwar came to this village they stayed in this cave.Three side of city is covered by hills, so it is very atractive for photographers and trekkers.
Other attractions around village are "Shri Kshetra Sogal", "Naveelathirth Dam Munavalli".
Economy.
The bulk of the population is engaged in agriculture and related activities. Cotton and jowar (sorghum) are very well suited to the semi-arid climate. It is center business place for around the villages of karimani, rudrapur, sogal, somapur etc.In this village, will get type of bhel called "Sangheet Khara", one should visit this village should not miss it.
Pottering is also main business for people of muragod. Potters made in this village export to Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh also.
This village is famous for Green Bangles also. This has huge market in maharashtra, north karnataka. Prathmik Krushi Pattin Shakari Shanga Ltd. MURGOD One of The Best Society in Soundatti Taluka at Agricalthar Sectar
Corporation Bank and Shri Mahanteshwar Bank . Shri chidambar co-op society,are the major banks in muragod. Shri akkamahadevi co-op society and Shri Jyoti co-op society are the other finance sectors.
Education.
Shri Mahanteshwar Shikshana Samiti
Shri Mahanteshwar Shikshana Samiti is a top education society in murgod. It has high school, primary school, P U college(Arts), JODC(Job Oriented Diploma course) and D.Ed(Diploma in Education)courses. It was established 30 years back. It is working under the blessing of shri mahant shivoyogi and headed by Shri neelakanth mahaswamy. Shri S.T.Pattanashetti and other board of directors are working hard to make this institute as one of the best.
Dr. B.R.Ambedkar High School.
Government Kannada boys and girls primary school.
Noted Personalities in Murgod.
'Kumar I Pujar, Social Worker & youth Ledar of Congress

</doc>
<doc id="20757944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757944" title="Naganur">
Naganur


</doc>
<doc id="20757945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757945" title="Nagaramunnoli">
Nagaramunnoli


</doc>
<doc id="20757948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757948" title="Nagnur">
Nagnur


</doc>
<doc id="20757949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757949" title="Stéphane Bohli">
Stéphane Bohli

Stéphane Bohli (born July 25, 1983 in Geneva) is a professional tennis player from Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20757950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757950" title="Nandagaon">
Nandagaon


</doc>
<doc id="20757954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757954" title="Pentele Bridge (Hungary)">
Pentele Bridge (Hungary)

The Pentele Bridge or M8 Danube Bridge is a highway bridge spanning river Danube between Dunavecse and Dunaújváros. The bridge was finished on March 13. 2007. The Pentele Bridge got her name after the village Dunapentele (now part of Dunaújváros). The bridge is in length and wide, its main basket handle tied-arch span of ranks 38th among the longest arch bridge spans. It is part of the planned M8 motorway, connecting M6 motorway on the west and highway 51 on the east bank.
Design and Construction.
The bridge's full length is , of which the approaches make up on the right bank (From Dunaújváros) and on the left, while the main river span is a steel basket handle tied-arch of length. The river bridge's superstructure rests on two reinforced concrete pillars in the river bed, the right approach is supported by 14, the left one by 5 pillars. The deck is wide and carries 2×2 road lanes (3.75 m), 2×1 stopping lanes (3.5 m) a 3.6 m-wide separating line, and on both sides, a 2.4 m-wide pedestrian and bike path. The river bridge is high, and weighs about 8600 tonnes with all the structures excluding pavement. The arches rise 47.6 meters above the carriageway and are tilted inwards at an angle of 16.5° from vertical resembling a basket handle. The suspension cables run parallel, in the plane of the arches.
The main section of the bridge was assembled on the shore and floated in place using 8 barges of 1600 ton capacity each.

</doc>
<doc id="20757955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757955" title="Nandikurali">
Nandikurali

This village is very much popular in politics.It is having a very well known temple named as 
"PANCHALINGESHWAR " which is headed by the great SWAMIJI SRI SRI SRI VEERABHADRESHWAR SWAMIJI who is originally from Badami taluk Haliyal village.
This village has a population around 7412 according to 2010 census. There are near about 1000 houses which are being surrounded by the village.Many people are been resided in the their own fields for the purpose to look after their occupation, agriculture, fields, crops, etc.
Many residents of the village are living on their fields and the crop they grow.Many are farmers and agriculturist who lead their life depend on their fields.The main crops that are being cultivated are sugarcane, maize, wheat, onion, vegetables, etc. But the main crop is sugarcane.Near about 80% of the villagers grow this crop. There are many people are indulged in various activities like sewing, carpenter work, cobbler, gold smiths, etc. "Pavan Tailor" is a very famous tailoring shop in village headed by Naiku Mali.Here the people residing are more kind,helping and leave together for welfare of the village. Some of the important families residing here are KADAPURE VADEYAR,SANGOTE,MANGURE,HIREKURABAR,MALI, GUNDKALLE, BANKARE, GHADKARE and many more.
The village has two STREAMS which gets the water from a very famous lake "HULLYAL KERI" which is 
originated in RAYBAG taluk. This lake gets filled from "HIDKAL DAM" through a very long canal connected to it. This village gets the flow of lake for 4 months from the month of June - October.
Many lands are being irrigated through this streams.
The village has a highest number of "Joggery Houses " in Raibag taluk.Preparation of joggery takes place in many varieties like white, red, black etc. The village has very well record of production of the very best quality of joggery in this taluk.There are more than 60 joggery houses in the village alone, which are being run by many persons in the village.The product is exported to various places like Sangli, Belgaum, Hubli, Kolhapur, Mahalingpur, etc. The joggery has very well demand in the market. the best joggery house in the village are " KEDARALING BELL TAYARIKA GHATAKA", "AMOGH SIDDESHWAR BELL TAYARIKA GHATAKA" and ARANYA SIDDESHAWAR BELL TAYARIKA GHATAK".
The village also has some private banks like " SRINIDHI BANK ", "KEDARLING BANK ", "JYOTIBA PHULE BANK", "PANCHALINGESHWAR BANK" and many more. There are more than four education institutes are being run by government as well as private sectors. This village has surrounded by various temples like Pancalingeshwar temple, Basaveshwar temple, Hanuman temple, Yellamma Temple, etc. A very big fair takes place twice in a year of Pancalingeshwar temple.A 5 days fair will take place in the month of April every year of this temple.A very famous Swamiji's from various places will attend this fair and make it bright.
History.
Its is said that Nandikurali used to be called as Nandigram due to a Nandi statue. Nandi had been destroyed by some thieves.
Since then people started ca;;ing it Nandi-Koral, koral in kannada means neck. Later it got modified as Nandikurali.

</doc>
<doc id="20757960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757960" title="Nasalapur">
Nasalapur


</doc>
<doc id="20757962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757962" title="Hard to Hold (film)">
Hard to Hold (film)

Hard to Hold is a 1984 musical drama film directed by Larry Peerce. It was meant as a starring vehicle for Rick Springfield, who had a solid television acting resume and a blossoming rock/pop career, but had yet to breakout in feature films. It stars Springfield, Janet Eilber and Patti Hansen. The film features many Springfield songs which are included on the soundtrack to the film.
Plot summary.
James "Jamie" Roberts (played by singer, song-writer Rick Springfield), being a pop idol, is used to having his way with women. He meets child psychologist Diana Lawson (Janet Eilber) in a car accident, however, who not only doesn't swoon at his attentions, but has also never heard of him. He tries to win her affection, but it's complicated by the fact that his ex-lover, Nicky Nides (Patti Hansen), is still a member of his band.

</doc>
<doc id="20757963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757963" title="Beverley Skeggs">
Beverley Skeggs

Beverley Skeggs was born in Middlesbrough and studied at University of York (BA), Keele University (PGCE, PhD). She has worked at Crewe and Alsager College of Higher Education (Research Fellow), Worcester College of Higher Education (Sociology), University of York (Education and Women's Studies). From 1996 to 1999 she was Director of Women's Studies at Lancaster University (with Celia Lury). In 1999 she was appointed to a Chair in Sociology at the University of Manchester, where she was Head of Department from 2001 - 2004. Since 2004 she has been Professor of Sociology at Goldsmiths, University of London. During 2007 she was the Kerstin Hesselgren Professor in Gender Studies at Stockholm University. In 2003 she was elected as an Academician of the Academy of the Learned Societies for the Social Sciences. Professor Skeggs is an honorary professor at the University of Warwick and has received honorary doctorates from Stockholm University, Aalborg University and the University of Teesside (her home town). She is the joint managing editor of the journal The Sociological Review (with Professor Sarah Green, Anthropology, University of Helsinki and Professor Mike Michael, Sociology, University of Sydney)and currently holds and ESRC Professorial Fellowship.
Key Studies.
Beverley Skeggs is the author of the influential study "Formations of Class and Gender: Becoming Respectable" (1997), a longitudinal ethnography of subjectivity across the lives of women as they move from 'caring courses' to work and family, into sexuality and how they negotiate living class in the UK.Translations of this work have appeared in Swedish and Finnish. The understandings of class in "Formations" were developed in "Class, Self, Culture" (2004), which critiques the idea of the self and explores the different ways class circulates as a form of value as it attaches to different bodies.[http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=io7nS7BiXccC&dq=class,+self,+culture&printsec=frontcover&source=bn&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=4&ct=result Examining spaces for the production of values, such as the IMF, popular culture and academic theory, it puts to the test sociological theories which suggest that class is in decline. Her understanding of how the self is classed is developed through engagement with the works of Pierre Bourdieu. In "Feminism After Bourdieu," co-edited by Skeggs and Lisa Adkins, feminists address Bourdieu's ideas on reflexivity, emotional capital, the self and the social and their relation to gender. 
Her methodological approach was first elaborated in "Feminist Cultural Theory: Production and Process"(1995), an edited collection that brings together feminists from across disciplines (literature, film, design, media, law, sociology) to discuss how they went about producing their classic texts in cultural studies. In 1998 at Lancaster University, a group of feminists (of which Beverley Skeggs was a part) organized an international conference on feminist theory. The resulting book "Transformations: Thinking Through Feminism" (edited with Sara Ahmed, Celia Lury, Jane Kilby and Maureen McNeil) includes chapters by Lauren Berlant, Gayatri Spivak, Donna Haraway, Elspeth Probyn, Lisa Adkins and Vikki Bell. The conference also spawned Routledge's 'Transformations' series, which includes a wide range of volumes on feminist theory, including the works of Kirsten Campbell, Breda Grey, Ann Cronin and Steph Lawler. A large scale government funded ESRC (Economic and Social Research Council) research project with Professor Leslie Moran on the sustainability and experience of gay space resulted in the book "Sexuality and the Politics of Violence and Safety". The book explores how violence can be used as a resource in political claims-making, thus challenging many theories on violence. The idea of gender and sexuality as resources that can be deployed, fixed or attached is developed in the article 'Uneasy Alignments, Resourcing Respectable Subjectivity'[http://muse.jhu.edu/login?uri=/journals/journal_of_lesbian_and_gay_studies/v010/10.2skeggs.html].
Numerous publications were generated from the sexuality project (see below). Another large ESRC research project was conducted by Beverley Skeggs (with Helen Wood, Leicester University) between 2005-2008 on reality television and the making of the moral economy, "Making Class and Self through Televised Ethical Scenarios". This project brings together many of the threads already apparent in Professor Skeggs' research, including the making of the exchange-value self, the emphasis that is placed on performing and telling one's self as a source of value and the class and race based challenges that are made through the construction of an alternative moral value system. This research project was part of a much larger research programme, 'Identities,' a £7million investigation into identity construction in contemporary Britain. Professor Skeggs delivered one of the inaugural lectures for the programme. [http://www.open.ac.uk/socialsciences/identities/pdf/new_formations_of_spectatular_selves.pdf
A significant methodological contribution was made by this project, which by utilizing a multi-method approach that combined textual analysis with audience research developed the 'affective textual encounter' for studying audience responses. This method showed how class, gender and race relations are made in the research encounter when women authorize their own speech through recourse to cultural resources such as 'taste' and maternal authority (this is developed in their article on method in the 2008 European Journal of Cultural Studies and the ESRC research report). The research participant's authorisation of particular moral economies was closely related to their positions in circuits of value, positions which cut through, disturb and constitute gender, race and class. It has been published by Routledge as 'Reacting to Reality TV; Audience, Performance and Value'(with Helen Wood). The research also led to an international edited collection on 'Reality Television and Class' (also with Helen Wood) published by BFI/Palgrave. Numerous articles have been published on this project. Her most recent work consolidates the prior analysis of the relationship between value and values, leading to the development of ideas about the moral economy of person production (http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1467-954X.2009.01865.x/abstract). She developed the idea of 'person value' following a critique of Bourdieu (http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1467-954X.2011.02018.x/abstract) and an exploration of how ideology is produced through 'value struggles'(http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1468-4446.2012.01420.x/abstract).
Beverley Skeggs can be heard reviewing the analysis of her 'Formations of Class and Gender; Becoming Respectable' book on http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWC4vzxMlsQ. An interview about the reality television research can be heard on http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/radio4/ta/ta_20120208-1650b.mp3. She has also appeared in contributions to popular debates, such as the 1998 Channel 4 TV programme on 'Things to Come', exploring (with a comic twist) the future role of women.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/nol/shared/spl/programmes/analysis/transcripts/04_12_03.txt] The BBC's Thinking Allowed radio programme also covered her work in 2003 (http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio4/factual/thinkingallowed_20030507.shtml) and again in 2008 (http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio4/factual/thinkingallowed/thinkingallowed_20080917.shtml).
Julie Burchill interviewed Beverley Skeggs for the Sky TV programmes, 'Chavs' (2005); and 'Girl Power' (2007) (see YouTube).
In September 2013 Beverley Skeggs began an ESRC Professorial Fellowship on 'A Sociology of Value and Values'. You can hear her discuss her introductory framework at the LSE for the British Journal of Sociology annual lecture http://richmedia.lse.ac.uk/publiclecturesandevents/20131017_1830_valuesBeyondValue.mp4
She can be found on Twitter at @Bevskeggs
Bibliography.
London. Routledge.
http://www.redemptionblues.com/?p=215 Translated into Finnish as 'Arvostus ja Vastarinta' (an interview with Beverley Skeggs) Aivojen yhteistyon muistivihkot. Helsinki. Translated Mikko 
Jakonen. (978-952-92-4508-6). pp. 40 (http://www.megafoni.org)
The British Journal of Sociology. Volume 63, Issue 3, September 2012, Pages: 472–490, with Vik Loveday

</doc>
<doc id="20757964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757964" title="Neginhal">
Neginhal


</doc>
<doc id="20757965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757965" title="Nej">
Nej


</doc>
<doc id="20757967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757967" title="Nonami Station">
Nonami Station

History.
Nonami Station was opened on 30 March 1994.
Layout.
Nonami Station has a single underground island platform with platform screen doors.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Municipal Subway

</doc>
<doc id="20757969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757969" title="Nidagundi">
Nidagundi


</doc>
<doc id="20757974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757974" title="Nidasoshi">
Nidasoshi


</doc>
<doc id="20757977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757977" title="Nipanal">
Nipanal


</doc>
<doc id="20757979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757979" title="Pachapur">
Pachapur


</doc>
<doc id="20757981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757981" title="Palbhavi">
Palbhavi


</doc>
<doc id="20757984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757984" title="Conformity">
Conformity

Conformity is the act of matching attitudes, beliefs, and behaviors to group norms. Norms are implicit, unsaid rules, shared by a group of individuals, that guide interactions with others. This tendency to conform occurs in small groups and/or society as a whole, and may result from subtle unconscious influences, or direct and overt social pressure. Conformity can occur in the presence of others, or when an individual is alone. For example, people tend to follow social norms when eating or watching television, even when alone.
People often conform from a desire for security within a group—typically a group of a similar age, culture, religion, or educational status. This is often referred to as groupthink: a pattern of thought characterized by self-deception, forced manufacture of consent, and conformity to group values and ethics, which ignores realistic appraisal of other courses of action. Unwillingness to conform carries the risk of social rejection. Conformity is often associated with adolescence and youth culture, but strongly affects humans of all ages.
Although peer pressure may manifest negatively, conformity can have good or bad effects depending on the situation. Driving on the correct side of the road could be seen as beneficial conformity. With the right environmental influence, conforming, in early childhood years, allows one learn and thus, adopt the appropriate behaviours necessary to interact and develop correctly within one's society. Conformity influences formation and maintenance of social norms, and helps societies function smoothly and predictably via the self-elimination of behaviors seen as contrary to unwritten rules. In this sense it can be perceived as a positive force that prevents acts that are perceptually disruptive or dangerous.
As conformity is a group phenomenon, factors such as group size, unanimity, cohesion, status, prior commitment, and public opinion help determine the level of conformity an individual displays.
Social responses.
According to Donelson Forsyth, after submitting to group pressures, individuals may find themselves facing one of several responses to conformity. These types of responses to conformity vary in their degree of public agreement versus private agreement.
First, when an individual finds themselves in a position where they publicly agree with the groups’ decision yet privately disagree with the groups’ consensus they are experiencing "compliance" or "acquiescence". In turn, "conversion", otherwise known as "private acceptance", involves both publicly and privately agreeing with the groups’ decision. Thus, this represents a true change of opinion to match the majority.
Another type of social response, which does not involve conformity with the majority of the group, is called "convergence". In this type of social response the group member agreed with the groups’ decision from the outset and thus does not need to shift their opinion on the matter at hand.
In addition, Forsyth shows that nonconformity can also fall into one of two response categories. First, an individual who does not conform to the majority can display "independence". "Independence", or "dissent", can be defined as the unwillingness to bend to group pressures. Thus, this individual stays true to his or her personal standards instead of the swaying toward group standards. Also, a nonconformist could be displaying "anticonformity" or "counterconformity" which involves the taking of opinions that are opposite to what the group believes. This type of nonconformity can be motivated by a need to rebel against the status quo instead of the need to be accurate in one’s opinion.
To conclude, social responses to conformity can be seen to vary along a continuum from conversion to anticonformity. For example, a popular experiment in conformity research, known as the "Asch situation" or Asch conformity experiments, primarily includes "compliance" and "independence". Also, other responses to conformity can be identified in groups such as juries, sports teams and work teams for instance.
Main experiments.
Sherif's experiment (1936).
Muzafer Sherif was interested in knowing how many people would change their opinions to bring them in line with the opinion of a group. In his experiment, participants were placed in a dark room and asked to stare at a small dot of light 15 feet away. They were then asked to estimate the amount it moved. The trick was there was no movement, it was caused by a visual illusion known as the autokinetic effect. On the first day, each person perceived different amounts of movement, but from the second to the fourth day, the same estimate was agreed on and others conformed to it. Sherif suggested this was a simulation for how social norms develop in a society, providing a common frame of reference for people.
Subsequent experiments were based on more realistic situations. In an eyewitness identification task, participants were shown a suspect individually and then in a lineup of other suspects. They were given one second to identify him, making it a difficult task. One group was told that their input was very important and would be used by the legal community. To the other it was simply a trial. Being more motivated to get the right answer increased the tendency to conform. Those who wanted to be more accurate conformed 51% of the time as opposed to 35% in the other group.
Asch's experiment (1951).
Solomon E. Asch conducted a modification of Sherif’s study, assuming that when the situation was very clear, conformity would be drastically reduced. He exposed people in a group to a series of lines, and the participants were asked to match one line with a standard line. All participants except one were confederates and gave the wrong answer in 12 of the 18 trials. The results showed a surprisingly high degree of conformity: 74% of the participants conformed on at least one trial. On average people conformed one third of the time. However a question is how the group would affect individuals in a situation where the correct answer is less obvious.
After his first test, Asch wanted to investigate whether the size or unanimity of the majority had greater influence on test subjects.
“Which aspect of the influence of a majority is more important – the size of the majority or its unanimity? The experiment was modified to examine this question. In one series the size of the opposition was varied from one to 15 persons.” The results clearly showed that as more people opposed the subject, the subject became more likely to conform. However, the increasing majority was only influential up to a point: from three or more opponents, there is more than 30% of conformity.
Varieties.
Harvard psychologist Herbert Kelman identified three major types of conformity.
Although Kelman's distinction has been influential, research in social psychology has focused primarily on two varieties of conformity. These are "informational" conformity, or informational social influence, and "normative" conformity, also called normative social influence. In Kelman's terminology, these correspond to internalization and compliance, respectively. There are naturally more than two or three variables in society influential on human psychology and conformity; the notion of "varieties" of conformity based upon "social influence" is ambiguous and indefinable in this context.
For Deutsch and Gérard (1955), conformity results from a motivational conflict (between the fear of being socially rejected and the wish to say what we think is correct) that leads to the normative influence, and a cognitive conflict (others create doubts in what we think) which leads to the informational influence.
Informational influence.
Informational social influence occurs when one turns to the members of one's group to obtain and accept accurate information about reality. A person is most likely to use informational social influence in certain situations: when a situation is ambiguous, people become uncertain about what to do and they are more likely to depend on others for the answer; and during a crisis when immediate action is necessary, in spite of panic. Looking to other people can help ease fears, but unfortunately they are not always right. The more knowledgeable a person is, the more valuable they are as a resource. Thus people often turn to experts for help. But once again people must be careful, as experts can make mistakes too. Informational social influence often results in "internalization" or "private acceptance", where a person genuinely believes that the information is right.
Normative influence.
Normative social influence occurs when one conforms to be liked or accepted by the members of the group. This need of social approval and acceptance is part of our state of humans. In addition to this, we know that when people do not conform with their group and therefore are deviants, they are less liked and even punished by the group. Normative influence usually results in "public compliance", doing or saying something without believing in it. The experiment of Asch in 1951 is one example of normative influence
In a reinterpretation of the original data from these experiments Hodges and Geyer (2006) found that Asch's subjects were not so conformist after all: The experiments provide powerful evidence for people's tendency to tell the truth even when others do not. They also provide compelling evidence of people's concern for others and their views.
By closely examining the situation in which Asch's subjects find themselves they find that the situation places multiple demands on participants: They include truth (i.e., expressing one's own view accurately), trust (i.e., taking seriously the value of others' claims), and social solidarity (i.e., a commitment to integrate the views of self and others without deprecating either). In addition to these epistemic values, there are multiple moral claims as well: These include the need for participants to care for the integrity and well-being of other participants, the experimenter, themselves, and the worth of scientific research.
Deutsch & Gérard (1955) designed different situations that variated from Asch' experiment and found that when participants were writing their answer privately, they were giving the correct one
Normative influence, a function of social impact theory, has three components. The "number of people" in the group has a surprising effect. As the number increases, each person has less of an impact. A group's "strength" is how important the group is to a person. Groups we value generally have more social influence. "Immediacy" is how close the group is in time and space when the influence is taking place. Psychologists have constructed a mathematical model using these three factors and are able to predict the amount of conformity that occurs with some degree of accuracy.
Baron and his colleagues conducted a second "eyewitness study" that focused on normative influence. In this version, the task was easier. Each participant had five seconds to look at a slide instead of just one second. Once again, there were both high and low motives to be accurate, but the results were the reverse of the first study. The low motivation group conformed 33% of the time (similar to Asch's findings). The high motivation group conformed less at 16%. These results show that when accuracy is not very important, it is better to get the wrong answer than to risk social disapproval.
An experiment using procedures similar to Asch's found that there was significantly less conformity in six-person groups of friends as compared to six-person groups of strangers. Because friends already know and accept each other, there may be less normative pressure to conform in some situations. Field studies on cigarette and alcohol abuse, however, generally demonstrate evidence of friends exerting normative social influence on each other.
Minority influence.
Although conformity generally leads individuals to think and act more like groups, individuals are occasionally able to reverse this tendency and change the people around them. This is known as "minority influence", a special case of informational influence. Minority influence is most likely when people can make a clear and consistent case for their point of view. If the minority fluctuates and shows uncertainty, the chance of influence is small. However, a minority that makes a strong, convincing case increases the probability of changing the majority's beliefs and behaviors. Minority members who are perceived as experts, are high in status, or have benefited the group in the past are also more likely to succeed.
Another form of minority influence can sometimes override conformity effects and lead to unhealthy group dynamics. A 2007 review of two dozen studies by the University of Washington found that a single "bad apple" (an inconsiderate or negligent group member) can substantially increase conflicts and reduce performance in work groups. Bad apples often create a negative emotional climate that interferes with healthy group functioning. They can be avoided by careful selection procedures and managed by reassigning them to positions that require less social interaction.
Specific predictors.
Culture.
Stanley Milgram found that individuals in Norway (from a collectivistic culture) exhibited a higher degree of conformity than individuals in France (from an individualistic culture). Similarly, Berry studied two different populations: the Temne (collectivists) and the Inuit (individualists) and found that the Temne conformed more than the Inuit when exposed to a conformity task.
Bond and Smith compared 134 studies in a meta-analysis and found that Japan and Brazil were two nations that conformed a lot whereas Europe and the United States of America did not as much. Bond and Smith also reported that conformity has declined in the United States over time.
Gender.
Societal norms often establish gender differences and researchers have reported differences in the way men and women conform to social influence. For example, Alice Eagly and Linda Carli performed a meta-analysis of 148 studies of influenceability. They found that women are more persuadable and more conforming than men in group pressure situations that involve surveillance. In situations not involving surveillance, women are less likely to conform. Eagly has proposed that this sex difference may be due to different sex roles in society. Women are generally taught to be more agreeable whereas men are taught to be more independent.
The composition of the group plays a role in conformity as well. In a study by Reitan and Shaw, it was found that men and women conformed more when there were participants of both sexes involved versus participants of the same sex. Subjects in the groups with both sexes were more apprehensive when there was a discrepancy amongst group members, and thus the subjects reported that they doubted their own judgments.
Sistrunk and McDavid made the argument that women conformed more because of a methodological bias. They argued that because stereotypes used in studies are generally male ones (sports, cars..) more than female ones (cooking, fashion..), women are feeling uncertain and conformed more, which was confirmed by their results.
Age.
Research has noted age differences in conformity. For example, research with Australian children and adolescents ages 3 to 17 discovered that conformity decreases with age. Another study examined individuals that were ranged from ages 18 to 91. The results revealed a similar trend – older participants displayed less conformity when compared to younger participants.
In the same way that gender has been viewed as corresponding to status, age has also been argued to have status implications. Berger, Rosenholtz and Zelditch suggest that age as a status role can be observed among college students. Younger students, such as those in their first year in college, are treated as lower-status individuals and older college students are treated as higher-status individuals. Therefore, given these status roles, it would be expected that younger individuals (low status) conform to the majority whereas older individuals (high status) would be expected not to conform 
Researchers have also reported an interaction of gender and age on conformity. Eagly and Chrvala examined the role of age (under 19 years vs. 19 years and older), gender and surveillance (anticipating responses to be shared with group members vs. not anticipating responses being shared) on conformity to group opinions. They discovered that among participants that were 19 years or older, females conformed to group opinions more so than males when under surveillance (i.e., anticipated that their responses would be shared with group members). However, there were no gender differences in conformity among participants who were under 19 years of age and in surveillance conditions. There were also no gender differences when participants were not under surveillance. In a subsequent research article, Eagly suggests that women are more likely to conform than men because of lower status roles of women in society. She suggests that more submissive roles (i.e., conforming) are expected of individuals that hold low status roles. Still, Eagly and Chrvala's results do conflict with previous research which have found higher conformity levels among younger rather than older individuals.
Size of the group.
Although conformity pressures generally increase as the size of the majority increases, a meta-analysis suggests that conformity pressures in Asch's experiment peak once the majority reaches about four or five in number. Moreover, a study suggests that the effects of group size depend on the type of social influence operating. This means that in situations where the group is clearly wrong, conformity will be motivated by normative influence; the participants will conform in order to be accepted by the group. A participant may not feel much pressure to conform when the first person gives an incorrect response. However, conformity pressure will increase as each additional group member also gives the same incorrect response.
Different stimuli.
In 1961 Stanley Milgram published a study in which he utilized Asch's conformity paradigm using audio tones instead of lines; he conducted his study in Norway and France. He found substantially higher levels of conformity than Asch, with participants conforming 62% of the time in France and 50% of the time in Norway during critical trials. Milgram also conducted the same experiment once more, but told participants that the results of the study would be applied to the design of aircraft safety signals. His conformity estimates were 56% in Norway and 46% in France, suggesting that individuals conformed slightly less when the task was linked to an important issue. Stanley Milgram's study demonstrated that Asch's study could be replicated with other stimuli, and that in the case of tones, there was a high degree of conformity.

</doc>
<doc id="20757986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757986" title="Pamaladinni">
Pamaladinni


</doc>
<doc id="20757990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757990" title="Paramanandwadi">
Paramanandwadi


</doc>
<doc id="20757994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757994" title="The Dictator">
The Dictator

The Dictator may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20757995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757995" title="Pattankudi">
Pattankudi


</doc>
<doc id="20757997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757997" title="List of hospital ships of the Brazilian Navy">
List of hospital ships of the Brazilian Navy

The Brazilian Navy has three hospital ships; they are officially called Infirmary Assistance Ship(Navio de Assistência Hospitalar, in Portuguese), and were designed specifically to provide medical assistance on rivers with shallow waters. They have a helicopter landing platform and carry two launches that can extend the vessels' reach into even shallower and narrower waters than the parent vessels can access. The vessels have two sickbays with a total of six berths, an operating theater, up to three dental offices, a laboratory, two clinics, and X-ray facilities. 
The vessels' main characteristics are:
See also.
Ships of the Brazilian Navy

</doc>
<doc id="20757998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20757998" title="Raibag (Rural)">
Raibag (Rural)

Demographics.
Its one of the smallest taluq in Belgaum district,with a reserved(sc) MLA constituency
Besides being an underdeveloped place,its geographical situation is so awesome that,its just 90 km from Belgaum,95 km from kolhapur,and 50 km to Sangali-Miraj.
The market here is so planned that,there's never a jam or congestion.
The town also crowns two sugar factories providing a large source of employment.
A fertilizer factory on outskirts adds another feather to the cap.
The villages nearby are famous for their vibrant cultures and arts,
A village named chinchali, 8 km from the town is famous for its female goddess Mayakka,an annual fair which happens here is considered to be the Karnataka's 2nd largest fair after Saundatti Yellamma.
The town also celebrates a grand fair of Goddess Laxmi once in five years.
The climate here in and around is moderate and makes it best for living.
The major clans here are Kurubas, Jains and Lingayat, Reddy.
In Yesteryears the place was under the rulership of Shahu Maharaj,the place derives its name with the meaning King and Tiger,
for Rai and bagh respectively where latter means tiger in Hindi.
The town has a beautiful newly built Mini Vidhan Soudha hosting several public offices such as Tahasildar,revenue etc.,
and official rto registration bearing KA 23.
A major source of transport being the Railway,passes here to major cities of the state and counterparts.
the major source of income being Agriculture,the rural people growing rich crops like sugarcane,turmeric,grapes etc. makes people quite rich.

</doc>
<doc id="20758000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758000" title="Sambra">
Sambra

Indian Air Force Station.
Indian Air Force has an Airmen Training Centre (non-flying station) at Sambra or Sambre, Belgaum.
Education.
Sambra has a Kendriya Vidyalaya (central school) to provide education to the air force personnel's children.

</doc>
<doc id="20758003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758003" title="Sampagaon, Belgaum">
Sampagaon, Belgaum

Sampagaon is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. It is located in the Bailhongal taluka of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
History.
The town used to be the taluka headquarters in place of Bailhongal. The current day town looks to a dry place, although it was once considered to be very beautiful place with lakes and beautiful surroundings.
This was a preferred place under the rule of Adil Shahis. If you look into the region this is the only place in the surrounding to have monuments of Adil Shahi, which goes on to prove their presence in the region for sheer love of the place and surroundings.
The monument "Shahi Masjd" has amazing architectural beauty. Specially the inner pillar are designed in such a marvelous way the visitor will feel surprised by the design.

</doc>
<doc id="20758004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758004" title="Shoe tossing">
Shoe tossing

Shoe tossing, is the act of using shoes as projectiles or improvised weapons, is a constituent of a number of folk sports and practices. Today, it is commonly the act of throwing a pair of shoes onto telephone wires, powerlines, or other raised wires. A related practice is shoe tossing onto trees or fences.
Shoefiti.
Shoe flinging or "shoefiti" is the practice of throwing shoes whose shoelaces have been tied together so that they hang from overhead wires such as power lines or telephone cables. The shoes are tied together by their laces, and the pair is then thrown at the wires as a sort of bolas. The practice, despite its wide spread use throughout the United States has been one of curiosity over the years as a number possible explanations for the act have cropped up without any general consensus on its origins. Shoe flinging has also been reported in many other countries.
Shoe flinging occurs throughout the United States and Canada, in rural as well as in urban areas. Usually, the shoes flung at the wires are sneakers; elsewhere, especially in rural areas, many different varieties of shoes, including leather shoes and boots, also are thrown. There are many cultural variations as well, with differences between socio-economic areas and even age groups. For example, in Legends Ranch Subdivision, in Spring, Texas, the shoes on the wire delineate the starting line for the walking path for an over-50 group known as the "Legends."
Soldiers leaving the military often paint a pair of combat boots yellow or orange and toss them over a power line or telephone wire near the barracks or unit to which they were assigned.
A number of criminal explanations have been proposed as to why this is done. The foremost is bullying in which a bully steals a pair of shoes and puts them in a place where they are unlikely to be retrieved. Some also say that shoes hanging from the wires advertise a local crack house where crack cocaine is used and sold (in which case the shoes are sometimes referred to as "Crack Tennies"). It can also relate to a place where heroin is sold to symbolize the myth that once you take heroin, you can never "leave": a reference to the addictive nature of the drug. Others claim that the shoes so thrown commemorate a gang-related murder, or the death of a gang member, or as a way of marking gang turf. A newsletter from the mayor of Los Angeles, California cites fears of many Los Angeles residents that "these shoes indicate sites at which drugs are sold or worse yet, gang turf", and that city and utility employees had launched a program to remove the shoes. However, the practice also occurs along relatively remote stretches of rural highways that are unlikely scenes for gang murders, and have no structures at all to be crack houses.
Other less criminal explanations have been ventured for the practice. In some cultures, shoes are flung to commemorate the end of a school year, or a forthcoming marriage as part of a rite of passage. It has been suggested that the custom may have originated with members of the military, who are said to have thrown military boots, often painted orange or some other conspicuous color, at overhead wires as a part of a rite of passage upon completing basic training or on leaving the service. In the 1997 film, "Wag the Dog", shoe tossing features as an allegedly spontaneous cultural manifestation of tribute to Sgt. William Schumann, played by Woody Harrelson, who has purportedly been “shot down behind enemy lines” in Albania.
Others claim that the shoes are stolen from other people and tossed over the wires as a sort of bullying tactic, or as a practical joke played on drunkards. Others simply say that shoe flinging is a way to get rid of shoes that are no longer wanted, are uncomfortable, or do not fit. It may also be another manifestation of the human instinct to leave their mark on, and decorate, their surroundings. It has been reported that workmen often throw shoes if they are not paid for waxing floors.
In some neighborhoods, shoes tied together and hanging from power lines or tree branches signify that someone has died. The shoes belong to the dead person. The reason they are hanging, legend has it, is that when the dead person's spirit returns, it will walk that high above the ground, that much closer to heaven. Another superstition holds that the tossing of shoes over the power lines outside of a house is a way to keep the property safe from ghosts. Yet another legend involves that shoes hanging from telephone wires signals someone leaving the neighborhood onto bigger and better things. Of course, only each individual shoe-thrower knows why his/her pair of shoes now hangs from a wire.
Shoe tree.
A shoe tree, not to be confused with the shoe-preservation device of the same name, is a tree (or, occasionally, a powerline pole or other wooden object) that has been festooned with old shoes. Shoe trees are generally located alongside a major local thoroughfare, and may have a theme (such as high-heeled shoes). There are currently at least seventy-six such shoe trees in the United States, and an undetermined number elsewhere.
A cottonwood tree in Middlegate, Nevada, about 100 miles east of Reno, said to be the largest shoe tree in the world, was cut down by vandals late December 2010.
During the summer of 2010, a well-known shoe tree located just outside of Nordman, Idaho burned to the ground.
A shoe tree in Eureka Springs AR was destroyed in a storm in 2000. This tree was a landmark in the little town.
Competitive boot throwing.
Boot throwing has been a competitive sport in New Zealand for many years, although not one that is taken very seriously. Gumboots or "Wellington boots" are the heavy rubber boots worn by most farm workers and many other outdoor workers. A competition to see who can throw a gumboot the farthest is a feature of many Agricultural Field Days in the rural communities. The town of Taihape in the central North Island is particularly identified with this sport; they claim to be the Gum Boot Throwing Capital of New Zealand. They hold an annual competition in the main street and award a Golden Gumboot as the trophy; see Wellie wanging.
Since 2003 the sport has been practiced competitively in Eastern Europe. The 2004 World Championship Competition was won by Germany who is hosting the 2005 Competition at Döbeln. Teams were also expected from Australia and Russia. Boot throwing has been a popular sport in Finland since 1976 when the first Finnish Championships of boot throwing has been organized.
Insult.
In many Arab cultures, it is considered an extreme insult to throw a shoe at someone. It is also considered rude to display the sole of one's foot to someone (or even strike them with it) as well. In 2008, Iraqi cameraman Muntadar al-Zaidi threw two shoes at United States President George W. Bush while the president was visiting Baghdad, and was arrested and incarcerated. President Bush ducked and was not struck by the shoes. Shoe throwing as an insult is not just limited to the Muslim world, as there are also other notable incidents that have occurred involving other celebrities and world leaders. Some of these have involved Steve McCarthy, David Beckham, Harry Styles, Lily Allen, and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao.

</doc>
<doc id="20758013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758013" title="Saptasagar">
Saptasagar

See also.
there is kashi visvanath & pandurang temple & Jain basadi at this village.

</doc>
<doc id="20758016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758016" title="Sattigeri">
Sattigeri


</doc>
<doc id="20758023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758023" title="Savadi, Belgaum">
Savadi, Belgaum

History.
Savadi is one of those place in South India, that traces back its history to the Neolithic age. Earliest painted pottery has been found in the tract between Savadi and Satti. In the Krishna basin, wheel-turned grey and red-wares are found, but only in small numbers. The painted pottery was painted in black, and in some cases thin white colour was used. The painted motifs included a variety of designs and animals like fish, stork, dog, peacock, deer, etc. Designs were also engraved in relievo. 
Unwritten lore says that Savadi was the hermitage of a sage named Saudagnya, who performed his penance here; hence the name.
The village mosque stands tall and strong from the era of the Adil Shahi of Bijapur. The Gopalakrishna temple, that lies close to the river bank, is an ancient temple built in the Chalukyan style of architecture. More relics of the same temple can be found embedded in the steps of the ghats connecting the riverbank to the village. Minor temples on the ghat and the Uttareshwara temple that lies in the river bed and becomes visible only in the dry summers, are also vital clues to the history of the region.
Demographics and People.
Savadi is a hamlet with a harmonious co-existence of various communities. The annual fairs of the Sanganabasaweshwar Mutt, the Alab celebrated by Muslims, the week long mud and milk festival of Lord Hanuman are all part and partial of Savadi's culture. The folk songs sung on these occasions are some of the rarest folklore of this region, and have consistently lacked government's attention. The annual fair in Darga, a neighboring village, commemorating the death anniversary of a sufi saint, is by far the most happening event of the year for the locals. The Dasara celebration where there is a generous exchange of sweets, and wishing of good luck among every villager deserves special mention. The chief language spoken is Kannada, although Urdu and Marathi are fairly understood. With no good schools in Savadi, the kids travel to nearby places for their schooling. Being located remotely, Savadi lacks banks and basic healthcare facilities. Every Thursday is the village bazaar.

</doc>
<doc id="20758027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758027" title="Savasuddi">
Savasuddi


</doc>
<doc id="20758031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758031" title="Shamanewadi">
Shamanewadi

Demographics.
More than 90% are from Jain community along with Lingaayats and other communities. Most of the people depend on agriculture, it consists of rich sugar belt, as Farming is a major activity of the area. The main crops are sugar cane, tobacco, jawar, and soyabeans. Almost on the bank of river Dudhganga.
Its schools of higher education include Ayurvedic College, BEd, DEd and Arts and Commerce colleges in Shantinagar area.
Transportation.
Shamanewadi is connected by road via the State Highway 97 Sankeshwar - Sadalga. NWKRTC run buses from Chikodi, Nippani to Ichalkaranji(Maharashtra) and Sadalga will stop at Shamanewadi.
Places.
1008 Chandraprabhu Digambar Jain Temple, Ramlingeshwar Temple, Beereshwar Temple,Mallayya Temple

</doc>
<doc id="20758032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758032" title="Shedbal">
Shedbal

Demographics.
There is a famous Jain Ashram.
The Shanthinatha Jain temple of Shedbal was built in the year 1292 A.D.
It is the birth place of the well known Jain ascetic Elacharya Paramapujya Muni Sri 108 Vidyananda Maharaj.
Under the guidance of Paramapujya Muni Sri Shanthisagar Maharaj Shanthisagar Chatra Ashram was built.
The Chaturvamshathi tirthankara mandir with the 24 tirthankaras was built in 1952.
Other temples we found here are,
the temples of Bhagawan Adinatha and Bhagawan Mahavira (built in the year 1942 AD),
Sri Bahubali Mandir (built in the year 1960 AD), 
Samavasarana mandir (built in the year 1989 AD)
Shedbal belongs to Athani taluk (distance 32 km)
Shedbal is well connected by rail and road network.
Shedbal is well connected to Miraj in north, Ugar in south, Athani in east and Chikkodi in west.
Shedbal has more than 13 thousand acres of agricultural land and in that more than 10 thousand acres is irrigated and 3 thousand acre land is dependent on rain. Main crops of Shedbal are Sugarcane, Banana, Brinjal, Turmeric, Sunflower, Wheat and other commercial crops.
Major population of Shedbal are followers of Jainism.

</doc>
<doc id="20758037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758037" title="Shegunshi">
Shegunshi

Demographics.
One of very nice & Calm villages in Athani taluk.
Famous for its sugar cane farming .Its one of the villages which is affected every year by Krishna river flood.Due to which many have now moved or migrated to new locations.<br> *Shree Murughendra Swamiji(SMS)High School Shegunashi there in Koligudd-Shegunashi Road(6Km distance From Shegunashi) is run by Murughendra Swamiji Math,<br> *Government Kannada Boys Primary School Shegunashi there in middle of village and Government Kannada Boys High School Shegunashi there in Terdal-Shegunashi Road<br> In village having some temples in this popular as Shree Mallikarjun Temple in Tammadaddi road, Shree Murughendra Swamiji Virakta Math, Shree Jadda Shiddharoodha Math, Shree Renuka temple.<br> Every year Yalla amavasya in that day having Renuka temple festive and Akshadata amavasya in that day having Shree Murughendra Swamiji Math festive.
Tourist Spots.
Shree Murughendra Swamiji Matha.<br> Shree Renuka temple.<br> Shree Mallikarjun Temple in Tammadaddi road.<br> Shree Jadda Shiddharoodha Math.

</doc>
<doc id="20758038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758038" title="Love Me Again">
Love Me Again

Love Me Again may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20758039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758039" title="Shindikurbet">
Shindikurbet

""Media Company"" Berojgaar News is a Monthly Magazine which advocates the voice against corruption,unemployment and terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="20758041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758041" title="Shiraguppi">
Shiraguppi

Demographics.
Shirguppi is located on Bijapur-Chikkodi road. The nearest railway station is Ugar and Airport is Belgaum.Shiraguppi has got "Google Award" for best village in the state.Recently state government has awarded as "Nirmal Gram".
Today Shiraguppi has become a centre place for the small villages around it.
Transportation.
From Shiraguppi village Railway station is 14 km located at Ugar Khurd , 12 km located at Shedbal Railway station and Airport is 100 km located in Belgaum district and also state highway is passed through the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20758043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758043" title="Shirahatti">
Shirahatti

Shirahatti () is a panchayat town in Gadag district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Geography.
Shirahatti is located at . It has an average elevation of 659 metres (2162 feet).
Demographics.
Shri Jagadguru Fakireshwar Math(Temple) is a famous religious center. Both Hindus & Muslims follow this deity; this is uniqueness of this Math.
Transport.
Shirahatti has a dedicated road service to the neighbouring districts and towns, the nearest large town being Gadag. Bus services are available to Hubli, Lakshmeshwara, Mundargi, Ron, on a very regular basis. Bus services are also available to Bangalore 
regularly. No train services are available, but the nearest railway station is Gadag.
Politics.
MLA Ramakrishna Doddamani from the ruling Congress Party is currently representing this area from May 2013 on-wards.

</doc>
<doc id="20758045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758045" title="Sollapur">
Sollapur


</doc>
<doc id="20758047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758047" title="Soundalga">
Soundalga


</doc>
<doc id="20758049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758049" title="Graham Fink">
Graham Fink

Graham Fink is Chief Creative Officer of Ogilvy & Mather China, and was Executive Creative Director at M&C Saatchi London till Apr 2011.
In 1995, Graham began directing commercials and music videos at the Paul Weiland film company. 
He became the youngest ever President of D&AD (Design and Art Directors Association) in 1996. He was subsequently voted into D&AD's 'Art Direction book' representing the top 22 Art Directors of all time.
His award winning photography has been used in many advertising campaigns including PlayStation's 'Blood' and 'Mental Wealth' poster campaigns. 
He also directed a short film ( Z ) for the Millennium, commissioned by David Puttnam which was shortlisted at BAFTA.
In 2001 he created thefinktank, a conceptual production company and ideas forum. 
In 2005 he was awarded a Honorary Doctorate at "Bucks New University"

</doc>
<doc id="20758051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758051" title="Nouméa Magenta Airport">
Nouméa Magenta Airport

Nouméa Magenta Airport () is a domestic airport on the main island of New Caledonia. The airport is east northeast of the centre of Nouméa, the capital, and approximately from La Tontouta International Airport. In 2009, 372,581 passengers used the airport.
Air Calédonie has its head office on the airport property.

</doc>
<doc id="20758053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758053" title="Soundatti">
Soundatti

Culture.
It consist many religious peoples like Jain,Lingayat, Maratha , Muslims etc . It has many temples like "Jain Glass" temple, "Mahadev" temple , "Sugandha Devi" temple.Goddess Sugandha devi known as Sattyavati in Mahabharat epic, every year "Sugandha Devi" fair is arranged on Rang Panchami(color festival day).and also has a "mahant maharaj" temple which is the great god of village
and also it has a Krishna River,
Economy.
Soundatti people main occupation is agriculture.They produce Sugar Cane , SoyaBean, Peanuts etc. Village is surrounded by so many Sugar factories namely, "Shiv Shakti", "Dudaganga sugers", "Raibag Suger factory", "Ugar Sugar factory","Kagawad Suger factory".

</doc>
<doc id="20758058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758058" title="Panteg cemetery">
Panteg cemetery

Panteg Cemetery is one of the three main cemeteries in the Borough of Torfaen in Wales (the other two are found in Blaenavon and Cwmbran.) The cemetery covers an area of approximately 20 acres. The first interment took place on July 23, 1906. There is a Garden of Remembrance located within the cemetery.
Location.
The cemetery is directly accessed from the main road, The Highway, which runs from the Turnpike (the colloquial local name for the junction of Usk Road and The Highway) and down through the village of New Inn. The cemetery is bordered to the north by the Monmouthshire & Brecon Canal, on the east by the A4042 dual carriageway, to the south by the Coed-y-Cando housing estate, and on the west by the Highway road.
The cemetery has a memorial to 156 people who died during the First World War. There are also 33 recognised Commonwealth War Graves within the cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20758061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758061" title="Seal Sands Power Station">
Seal Sands Power Station

Seal Sands Power Station (also known as Viking Power Station) is a gas-fired gas turbine power station situated on the River Tees at Seal Sands near Billingham, in the borough of Stockton-on-Tees, which is part of County Durham, North East England.
Operations.
Construction of the plant began in 1997, it was built as a collaboration between National Power and Kværner Construction, costing £25 million to construct. When it opened in the spring of 1999, it used the first Rolls-Royce Trent engine to be put into industrial service. The station uses a single 50 megawatt gas turbine, which is fueled by natural gas. Northern Electric originally supplied the gas for the station, as well as distributing the electricity generated. The plant has a 40% efficiency at 15°C. As of September 2004, PX Limited have maintained the station, while Viking Power own the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20758081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758081" title="Muhammad Ali Jauhar">
Muhammad Ali Jauhar

Muhammad Ali Jauhar (1878 - 1931) was a prominent political figure of British India. He was an outstanding journalist and a poet as well.
He was the Pioneer of the Khilafat Movement and a dauntless fighter in the struggle of independence, Maulana Mohammad Ali was fiery orator, and a courageous journalist.
He was educated at Aligarh and Oxford and like the Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah, he also began his political career in the Indian National Congress and made great sacrifices. But after the publication of the Nehru Report which revealed the communal bias of those who held the reigns of that Hindu-dominated organisation, and disgusted with the attitude of Mr. Gandhi and his Congress, he broke away from them and worked for the Muslim League.
He revolutionized Muslim thought by his writings in English weekly "Comrade", and in Urdu weekly "Hamdard" published by him. He was also a Member of the Round Table Conference where he expressed his prophetic demand: "I would prefer to die on the soil of a country which is free, rather than return to a slave country". He never returned to his country and died soon after. He was buried in Bait-ul-Maqdis.

</doc>
<doc id="20758086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758086" title="Sulebhavi">
Sulebhavi


</doc>
<doc id="20758093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758093" title="Even Pellerud">
Even Pellerud

Even Jostein Pellerud (born 15 July 1953 in Brandval, Norway) is a Norwegian football coach and former player.
Pellerud played for several clubs, including Vålerenga from 1974 to 1979 and Kongsvinger from 1983 to 1986. He was head coach for the Norway women's national football team from 1989 to 1996, and led the Norwegian team to silver medal at the very first Women's World Cup in 1991, to world champions at the second, in 1995, and to bronze medals at the 1996 Summer Olympics. In 1997 he had an unsuccessful stint as coach of Lillestrøm, together with Per Brogeland. He was sacked from his post at Lillestrøm due to disappointing results in a demanding environment. He then had a brief tenure as manager of Danish Superliga club Ikast fS.
He was head coach for the Canada women's national soccer team from 1999 to 2008. In 2003 he led the Canadian team to fourth place in the 2003 Women's World Cup. He led the Canadian team to the 2008 Summer Olympics, where they finished in an impressive 5th place. He announced his retirement at the end of his contract with Canada in December 2008. He has subsequently come out of retirement and on January 16, 2008 it was announced that he was hired to be the coach of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national football team as well as the country's Women's Under-20 and Girls Under-17 teams.
He has his education from the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences.
On December 6, 2012 the Norwegian football association (NFF) announced that Pellerud had signed a four-year contract as the chief trainer of the Norwegian women's national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20758094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758094" title="Tavag">
Tavag

Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Tavag had a population of 5682 with 2929 males and 2753 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20758096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758096" title="Telsang">
Telsang

Telsang is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka. In Telsang, there are several temples, such as Venkateshwar Temple, Ellamma Temple, Sri Mallikarjuna and Basavanna Temple, Vithoba Temple, Shankarlinga Temple, Hanuman Temple and more in this village four great Matha Hitematha, Virakta matha, Sidramappan Matha and Andani Matha.
Just away from Telsang towards Jamakhandi, there is another old temple of Lord Sri Banada Mallikarjuna. On every last Monday of shravana masa, all village people gather and worship this god. This temple is surrounded by many trees.
Now recently the renovation of Sri Mallikarjuna and Basavanna Temple present at the village center is done by the village people.
Every year the priest of Sri Mallikarjuna Temple will carry the Kambi (the wooden statue of god) to Srishailam (the holy place in Hydrabad) by foot. (around from Telsang). In Srisailam the priest performs the pooja of kumbi near the Krishna River (Patal Ganga) and then returns to Telsang. Just after arrival of the kambi in Telsang all village people celebrate the festival called "Mallayyana Aideshi" by singing and chanting the songs of lord Sri Mallikarjuna for 5 days.
People also celebrate a festival called Ellammana Jathra for the goddess Ellamma on Gouri Hunnime every year. A big crowd will be gathered on this occasion to celebrate the Jathra for three days.
In Telsang there are many mosques. Some mosques were built by Bijapur Imperial. Some mosques had been destroyed by an earthquake.
Ramadan (Eid Ul Fiter) and bakarid or Eid ul Zuha festivals are celebrated by the Muslims every year. In Telsang, there was many monuments, but now only Jamia Majid remains. This was built in the 17th century, and it appears behind lake. Fattusab's Gunda is natural browell here whenever water is coming from the ground. It is far from Honawad village and is approximately from Telsang.
Demographics.
, Telsang had a population of 8,407 with 4,295 males and 4,112 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20758101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758101" title="Thanahattargi">
Thanahattargi


</doc>
<doc id="20758106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758106" title="Tigadi">
Tigadi


</doc>
<doc id="20758109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758109" title="Tukkanatti">
Tukkanatti


</doc>
<doc id="20758112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758112" title="U Khanapur">
U Khanapur


</doc>
<doc id="20758113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758113" title="Uchagaon">
Uchagaon

Last village on the way towards maharastra.

</doc>
<doc id="20758118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758118" title="Arkansas Hills">
Arkansas Hills

The Arkansas Hills are a mountain range in Central Colorado located between the upper Arkansas River Valley and the upper South Platte River Valley. This landmass is a continuation of the ridge known as the Mosquito Range north of Trout Creek Pass. The range continues for roughly 60 miles south-southwest from Trout Creek Pass to the town of Texas Creek. Few perennial streams flow out of the Arkansas Hills, as the area is arid. The range is in the rain shadow of the much higher Sawatch and Sangre de Cristo Ranges to the west across the Arkansas River Valley. The City of Salida, Colorado is the most notable municipality near the Arkansas Hills. To the south is the town of Cotopaxi, Colorado. To the east is the town of Guffey, Colorado. The highest points in the Arkansas Hills tend to be between 11,000 and 12,000 feet elevation.
The practice of naming mid-elevation upland areas in central and southern Colorado using the word hills was also illustrated by the naming of the similar uplands between the southern terminus of the Sawatch Range and the northern terminus of the La Garita Range: the Cochetopa Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20758122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758122" title="Ugar Budruk">
Ugar Budruk


</doc>
<doc id="20758129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758129" title="Ugaragol">
Ugaragol


</doc>
<doc id="20758130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758130" title="Public instrument">
Public instrument

A public instrument is any legal instrument recorded with and authenticated by a public office or employee. Any such instrument, in order to carry weight, must be genuine and authentic. Public instruments consequently must bear the name, title and seal of the official issuing them, and they should be written in the presence of witnesses and attested by them.
A public instrument is generally admissible in evidence without the necessity of preliminary proof of its authenticity and due execution. In other words, public instruments are self-authenticating documentary evidence. A presumption of regularity and validity attaches to public instruments; for the instrument to be rebutted, it must be proven in court to contain a willful material error.
Typical types of public instruments include:
Civil and Scots law.
Public instruments at civil law are generally known as public instruments (Germ: "öffentlich Urkunde", Fr: "acte public", Sp: "instrumento público") and under Scots law as probative or self-proving instruments. These categories refer more to the level of evidenciary validity given an instrument in court. Under these law systems, to be received as a public instrument, a document must be subjected to a number of conditions, including execution before two or more witnesses, and before a civil-law notary or public officer authorized to execute such functions, or which is testified by a public seal, or has been rendered public by the authority of a competent judicial officer, or which is certified as being a copy of a public register. Any such instrument is said to prove itself, that is, it has the privilege of being free from challenge or rebuttal at court.

</doc>
<doc id="20758134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758134" title="Paul Bernd Spahn">
Paul Bernd Spahn

Paul Bernd Spahn (born October 17, 1939) is emeritus professor of public finance at the Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
He was born in Darmstadt, Germany.
Professor Spahn obtained his doctoral degree in Economics from the Free University of Berlin and has worked at various institutions such as Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the Australian National University in Canberra, and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in Paris.
After retirement in 2005 he served as Macro Fiscal Advisor to the Minister of Finance and Treasury of the Council of Ministers of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and became the founding Executive Director of the House of Finance of Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main. He was also a member of the Independent Commission on Funding and Finance for Wales in the United Kingdom.
Professor Spahn also holds, or held, consultancies with numerous research institutes in Europe and overseas, and he has worked with international organizations such as the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the United Nations, the United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean, the European Commission, and the Council of Europe.
Spahn is the author of a study ""On the feasibility of a Currency Transaction Tax"", which has gained widespread attention. Its proposal, the Spahn tax, is a modification of the Tobin tax. Spahn has modified James Tobin's suggestion in that he thinks such a tax should have two tiers. There would be a low (perhaps even zero) rate for "normal" currency exchange, and a higher "normalization" duty that would kick in during periods of high currency volatility.

</doc>
<doc id="20758147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758147" title="Waderatti">
Waderatti


</doc>
<doc id="20758149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758149" title="Wakkund">
Wakkund


</doc>
<doc id="20758151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758151" title="Yadwad">
Yadwad


</doc>
<doc id="20758155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758155" title="Yalimunoli">
Yalimunoli


</doc>
<doc id="20758157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758157" title="Yaragatti">
Yaragatti

Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Yaragatti had a population of 7216 with 4215 males and 3001 females. 

</doc>
<doc id="20758161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758161" title="Yemakanmardi">
Yemakanmardi

It is home to a temple complex of five temples called "eidu devara gudi" - entrance to which has been shown here. This town also has famous "Hunasekolla Math" which flourished under late Shri Gurusidha Mahaswamy. You can see amazing sculptural art in this math. This town is situated 32 km from Belgaum city on NH4. It is 11 km away from Hukkeri and 17 km away from Sankeshwar.

</doc>
<doc id="20758162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758162" title="Drabesh">
Drabesh

Drabesh is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 14,565 people living in 2709 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758169" title="Dulari, Nepal">
Dulari, Nepal

Dulari is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6860 people living in 1262 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758173" title="Govindapur, Morang">
Govindapur, Morang

Govindapur is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11,437 people living in 2166 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758182" title="Alden Research Laboratory">
Alden Research Laboratory

Alden Research Laboratory, Inc. (Alden) (Holden, Massachusetts) was founded in 1894 as part of Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI). It is the oldest continuously operating hydraulic laboratory in the United States. Today, as an independent entity, Alden has become a recognized leader in the field of fluid dynamics research and development.
History.
Industrial Revolution.
In light of the industrial revolution, the widespread use of water powered mills, and the need for higher and higher efficincies, Professor George I. Alden of WPI saw the need for a new lab. The Hydraulic Testing Lab at WPI was established in 1894 on the site of an old woolen mill donated to the institute by Stephen Salisbury III. It was the third of its kind in the US. The first two instruments obtained for the lab, a wooden framed structure only 90' by 40', were a copper-lined weigh tank on a Fairbanks scale from the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition, and a 36" by 16" Herschel Venturi flow meter from the 1893 Chicago Columbian Exposition. These state of the art instruments were used by students to conduct experiments on the efficiency of full sized turbines, measure flows and head loss, and test an hydraulic ram. In 1908 a wooden rotating boom was constructed on one of the ponds on the property to test large hydraulic equipment including current meters. In 1911 it was replaced by a steel boom which was used for the same purpose and eventually to test airplane propellers; it is now an ASME Historic Landmark.
Mid-Century.
Alden contributed to the war effort in the 1940s through studies of the physics of the entry of projectiles into water. Early high speed photography equipment was developed for use with strobe lights to document the effect of projectile shape on entry stability in large glass sided tanks.
During the 1950s, the increase in power use demanded expansion of generation capacity and led to increased use of physical models for solving problems with circulating water systems, including the use of hydro-thermal modeling to meet water quality requirements. This need resulted in the construction of 10 large test sheds to house these models. Physical models were applied to various flow problems such as pump intakes, emergency core cooling sumps, riverine problems, etc.
Incorporation.
In 1986 the Alden Hydraulic Lab became Alden Research Laboratory and was incorporated as an entity separate from WPI. Since that time Alden has added on to its original Hydraulic and Calibration Groups and formed its Environmental, Numeric, Air and Gas, and Field Service Groups.
Major Innovations.
In recent history, Alden's team of engineers have worked on several influential projects including:
Acquisition of the Redmond, Washington Laboratory.
Alden acquired AECOM's hydraulic engineering and modeling laboratory in Redmond, Wash., and hired the associated staff on August 18, 2012. Combining the modeling talents and fisheries knowledge of Alden staff with the 34 years of hydraulic modeling and fisheries engineering experience of the AECOM hydraulic engineering and modeling operation, Alden created the largest commercial hydraulic engineering laboratory system in North America. 
The Redmond laboratory was formerly known as the "ENSR hydraulics lab," and became part of AECOM in 2005 when AECOM acquired ENSR. Charles "Chick" Sweeney, P.E., started the independent hydraulic modeling laboratory in 1978. The hydraulics lab had been a leader in the optimization of hydraulic structures and fish passage systems associated with hydroelectric power generation, working especially closely with federal agencies and hydroelectric power utilities in the Pacific Northwest. Additionally, the group has helped municipal utilities to ensure proper performance of pump stations and water conveyance systems. Capabilities include physical hydraulic modeling, 1-D and 2-D numeric modeling, 3-D computational fluid dynamics (CFD) modeling, fisheries and hydraulic engineering design, and field services.
Alden had been expanding geographically in recent years, having opened up an office in Fort Collins, Colo., in 2009, and establishing a presence in Portland, Ore., in 2011. This addition was a major milestone in an ongoing effort to better serve clients in the U.S. and internationally
Alden Today.
Alden continues to be an acclaimed leader in solving flow-related engineering and environmental problems. The firm has 100 employees and over 120,000 sq feet of indoor lab space on a 32 acre campus in Holden, MA, and an additional 25,000 square feet of laboratory space in Redmond, WA. Alden provides engineering, physical and computational flow modeling along with environmental and flow meter calibration services. For more information, please visit www.aldenlab.com 
Hydraulic Modeling.
Alden's Hydraulic Modeling Group conducts model studies for hydropower intakes, flood and drainage canals, spillway discharge systems, water and waste water systems, industrial flow processes, ocean energy technologies, navigation models, and many other flow related projects. Both physical and computational fluid dynamics (CFD) modeling are used.
Environmental.
The Environmental Group at Alden evaluate fish protection technologies, alternative technologies, cooling water intake structures, upstream and downstream fish passage designs, hydroelectric entrainment and mortality, and aid in strategic planning for 316(b) compliance.
Air and Gas Flow Modeling.
The Air and Gas Modeling Group at Alden is responsible for modeling many aspects of fossil fueled power plants and air pollution control systems. This group also uses both physical and computational models.
Numeric Modeling.
Alden's Numeric Modeling Group solves many complex flow-related problems involving liquid and gas flows, hydraulic flows, heat and mass transfer, as well as particles and sprays.
Calibration.
Alden is the largest independent supplier of National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) traceable water flow meter calibrations in the United States. The facility has two calibration laboratories with several weigh tanks with capacities from 1,000 to .

</doc>
<doc id="20758183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758183" title="Haraicha">
Haraicha

Haraicha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5067 people living in 966 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758189" title="Hasandaha">
Hasandaha

Hasandaha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,615 people living in 1914 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758197" title="Vacas Municipality">
Vacas Municipality

Vacas Municipality (Quechua name: Wak'as, deriving from "Wak'a") is the second municipal section of the Arani Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia. Its capital is Vacas known as the "Land of the potato" (, ). During the Inca Empire Vacas served as a "tampu" along the Inca road system that led to Inkallaqta and Pocona.
It is bordered to the north by the Tiraque Province, to the west by the Arani Municipality, to the south by the Mizque Province and to the southeast by the Carrasco Province, and it is sized 334 km².
Geography.
The municipality is known for its lakes some of which belong to the largest ones in the Cochabamba Department, Parqu Qucha and Asiru Qucha, followed by Junt'utuyu, Qullpa Qucha, Pilawit'u and Yanatama. There are some smaller rivers like Phaqcha Mayu and Challwa Mayu and "Turu Wayq'u" is one of the waterfalls within the municipality. Prominent mountains are Kuntur Puñuna, Khurupampa, P'allqaluma, Juch'uy Llallawa and Quturipunta.
Flora.
In the surroundings of Vacas the famous Puya raimondii, a gigantic, up to 10 m high plant which is considered to be a living fossile but also an endangered species, can be found. It was the French scientist Alcide d'Orbigny (1802–1857) who was the first to discover the puya in the region of Vacas in 1830. Later the Italian biologist Antonio Raimondi (1826–1890) discovered it in the region of Chavín de Huantar during his trips to Peru. In Bolivia - apart from Vacas where these plants are spread on an area of about 1 km² - the only other place to find the Puya raimondii is Comanche mountain in the Caquiaviri Canton, Pacajes Province, La Paz Department. The plants all use to grow on the eastern side of the mountains because they prefer having sun from morning until the middle of the afternoon.
The typical vegetation of this region also includes the following plants:
The last four thousand years of environmental and vegetation change has been recently reconstructed from the lake sediments of Pilawit'u (Lake Challacaba).
Fauna.
The Andean Goose ("Chloephaga melanoptera") is resident around the lakes in the Vacas Municipality. Viscacha, culpeo ("Pseudalopex culpaeus"), also known as the Andean Fox, skunk, guinea pig, owl, falcon, tinamou ("Tinamidae, Nothoprocta spp.") and viper are typical representatives of the fauna.
The People.
Vacas, located in the "Cono Sur" (South cone) of Cochabamba with altitudes ranging from 3,400 m to 4,420 m, has a rural character. The peasants cultivate potatoes, wheat, barley, broad bean and oat. The fields are prepared with the help of yokes of oxen. In addition, cows, sheep, pigs and hens are kept.
The people are predominantly indigenous citizens of Quechuan descent. In this place Andean customs and the Quechua culture including the usage of Quechua, a Native American language, still play an important part in daily life as well as in several other communities of the Cochabamba Department. According to census 2001 Quechua was spoken by 6,668 of the 12,511 residents of the municipality and Aymara, another Native American language used in Bolivia, by 13 residents. Today many of the Quechua people here are bilingual: They can communicate in Spanish, too. Yet the women are less accustomed to the Spanish language than the men. Many of them speak Quechua exclusively.
The latest results about the ethnic-linguistic composition of the population are as follows:
Regarding medical services there are five local health offices and one medical center available in the municipality now to promote the people's quality of life. At the time of census 2001 an average life expectancy of only 52.9 years at birth was measured.
Education.
All types of schools are available in the Vacas Municipality. There is also an institute for higher education situated in the community of Challwa Mayu, the Ismael Montes Teacher Training College ("Escuela Superior de Formación de Maestros "Ismael Montes"" or ESFM "Ismael Montes"), founded in 1916 as "Escuela Normal "Ismael Montes",". It is a teacher training college. The "ESFM" puts an emphasis on bilingual education which is practised during the students' teaching units in the schools of the nearby communities.
But some parents do not see why it is important that their children, and particularly their daughters, should attend school. The children's help is needed in the household and in the fields. For those who attend school the infrastructure of the classrooms is not always sufficient and the distances between house and school demand long and arduous walks.
Illiteracy is still high, especially among women. In 2001 54.5% of the women being 19 years old and more were illiterate and 19.8% of the men. On an average the inhabitants of the Vacas Municipality being 19 years old and more have attended school for 3.23 years (women: 2.24 years, men: 4.38 years).
The number of pupils attending the different types of schools is shown below.
Radio Chiwalaki.
The idea of a farmers' radio awoke in 1987. The peasants themselves demanded more information, education and intercommunication. After three years, on September 1 in 1990, "Radio Chiwalaki" was inaugurated in the rural community of Misuk’ani, about two kilometres far from Vacas. The 1,000 watt transmission on medium wave allows a distribution of news to various neighbouring municipalities and provinces. So even the people in the Arani Province, Tiraque Province, Pocona Municipality and Alalay Municipality can benefit from it. The programs are preferably broadcast in the Quechua language because they are meant for the rural population. Presently Radio Chiwakali is on the air for three hours in the morning and three hours in the afternoon.
History.
Vacas is one of the rural Bolivian communities of early rebellion. The forming of trade unions began on April 3 in 1936 when the "colonos" (workers with an intermediate status between slavery and freedom) of the hacienda of Santa Clara monastery demanded to administer that land directly, whereas the administration had been in the hands of a priest until that moment. This was quite a radical proposal at that period of time because the "colonos" neither had the right to organize themselves nor to administer land. Nevertheless, the Trade Union of Agrarian Workers of Vacas ("Sindicato de Trabajadores Agrarios de Vacas") was actually founded on December 20 in 1936. It was the second trade union in the Cochabamba Department.
In 1832 the Vacas Canton was created being part of the Mizque Province. In 1986 it became the second municipal section of the Arani Province.
Festivities.
Every year on December 4, combined with a couple of activities, the population of Vacas celebrates its anniversary of foundation and the feast of its patron Saint Barbara whose image is venerated with much devotion by the residents and people from abroad. The pilgrims come to worship and to ask their patron for little favours, especially for rain and the protection from lightning.
There is a traditional tale telling that many years ago Saint Barbara appeared as a shepherdess on the shore of Qucha Quchita. The people who arrived at this place attracked by the incident found a beautiful image of the saint which they carried to the village of Vacas. Because of this event Vacas was founded officially as "Santa Bárbara de Bacas" in the middle of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20758203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758203" title="448th Missile Squadron">
448th Missile Squadron

The 448th Missile Squadron (448 MS) is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 321st Missile Group, stationed at Grand Forks AFB, North Dakota
The 448 MS was equipped with the LGM-30G Minuteman III Intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), with a mission of nuclear deterrence. With the end of the Cold War, the 448th was inactivated on 30 September 1998.
History.
World War II.
Activated in mid-1942 as a B-25 Mitchell medium bomber squadron, trained by Third Air Force in the southeastern United States. Deployed to the Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO), being assigned to Twelfth Air Force in Algeria in early 1943. In North Africa, the squadron engaged primarily in support and interdictory operations, bombing marshalling yards, rail lines, highways, bridges, viaducts, troop concentrations, gun emplacements, shipping, harbors, and other objectives in North Africa.
The squadron also engaged in psychological warfare missions, dropping propaganda leaflets behind enemy lines. Took part in the Allied operations against Axis forces in North Africa during March–May 1943, the reduction of Pantelleria and Lampedusain islands during June, the invasion of Sicily in July, the landing at Salerno in September, the Allied advance toward Rome during January–June 1944, the invasion of Southern France in August 1944, and the Allied operations in northern Italy from September 1944 to April 1945. Inactivated in Italy after the German Capitulation in September 1945.
Reactivated as part of the Air Force Reserve in 1947 and equipped with A-26/B-26 Invader medium bombers, then inactivated in 1949 due to budget cuts.
Strategic Air Command.
Was reactivated in 1953 as a Strategic Air Command B-47 Stratojet squadron . Trained in air refueling and strategic bombardment operations with the B-47. in 1961, the squadron began transferring its B-47s to other SAC wings and became non-operational as part of the phaseout of the B-47.
Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Squadron.
On 1 November 1963 the 446th Strategic Missile Squadron was organized as a SAC LGM-30F Minuteman II intercontinental ballistic missile wing. Activated on 1 Sep 1965, being made operational on 7 December 1966, with a complement of 50 missiles. Participated in “Project Long Life II,” a unique reliability test in which modified Minuteman missiles were fueled to travel a few hundred yards. The first launch from a silo occurred on 19 October 1966 and was declared unsuccessful. Nine days later, a second attempt also failed. A third attempt under “Project Giant Boost” occurred in August 1968 and again proved unsuccessful.
From December 1971 to March 1973, converted to LGM-30G Minuteman III missiles. These missiles represented a significant technological advancement, having multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles (MIRVs). Coordinating the missile changeover required complex planning and execution.
With the restructuring of the Air Force and the disestablishment of Strategic Air Command (SAC) in the early 1990s was reassigned to Air Combat Command (ACC) in 1992 and then under Air Force Space Command (AFSPC) in 1993.
In March 1995, the Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) Commission selected the 321st Strategic Missile Wing for inactivation. Squadron was ordered to securely transfer its alert responsibilities to the 341st Missile Wing at Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana. Maintained nuclear alert until inactivated in 1998, nearly 40 years after it went on alert. 
Aircraft and missiles.
448th Missile Squadron Launch Facilities

</doc>
<doc id="20758232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758232" title="Bob Speake">
Bob Speake

Robert Charles Speake (born August 22, 1930 in Springfield, Missouri), nicknamed "Spook," is a retired American professional baseball player. He was an outfielder for the Chicago Cubs and San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball in the 1950s.
Speake hit 10 home runs in his rookie year, and only 21 in the remaining three years of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20758238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758238" title="Habent sua fata libelli">
Habent sua fata libelli

The Latin expression ""Pro captu lectoris habent sua fata libelli"" (literally, "According to the capabilities of the reader, books have their destiny") is verse 1286 of "De litteris, De syllabis, De Metris" by Terentianus Maurus.
The early modern scholar Robert Burton deploys the expression in his The Anatomy of Melancholy
The Latin is often only partially quoted as ""Habent sua fata libelli"" and then translated (or misunderstood) as "Books have their own destinies." By extension the phrase is understood by Umberto Eco in "The Name of the Rose") as "Books share their fates with their readers". In a talk about book collecting, titled "Unpacking My Library" from "Illuminations", Walter Benjamin cites the expression in its short form, noting that the words are often intended as a general statement about books; Benjamin's book collector, by way of contrast, applies them to himself and to the specific copies he collects. 

</doc>
<doc id="20758243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758243" title="Harry Lodge">
Harry Lodge

Harry Lodge (born 23 September 1967) was a professional English road racing cyclist from Salisbury, Wiltshire. He began cycling with the Chiltern Road Club before becoming a first category rider and gaining a place on the national squad. He was then selected to ride in the team time trial at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Lodge lived in Italy for 13 years before returning to the UK. In December 2006 he started Halo Sports Management, of which he is managing director. The company distributes Jollywear clothing from Italy. In 2007 and 2008 Lodge managed the British cycling team, KFS Special Vehicles - Sunday Bicycles.

</doc>
<doc id="20758246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758246" title="2009–10 Football League">
2009–10 Football League

The Football League 2009–10, called the Coca-Cola Football League for sponsorship reasons, was the 110th completed season of the Football League. It began in August 2009 and concluded in May 2010, with the promotion play-off finals. The Football League is contested through three Divisions. The divisions are the League Championship, League One and League Two. The winner and the runner up of the League Championship will be automatically promoted to the Premier League and they will be joined by the winner of the League Championship playoff. The bottom two teams in League Two will be relegated to the Conference National.
The league was won by Newcastle United, with West Bromwich Albion as runners up. Both teams were promoted to the Premier League. Sheffield Wednesday, Plymouth Argyle and Peterborough United were relegated into League One. Grimsby Town and Darlington were relegated from the Football League. Attendance levels in the Football League in the 2009–10 season were the highest for 50 years, with 17.1m people paying to watch games in the three divisions.
Promotion and relegation.
The following teams were either promoted or relegated for the 2009–10 season based upon the results of the previous year.
League Tables.
Championship.
A total of 24 teams contest the division, including 18 sides remaining in the division from last season, three relegated from the Premier League, and three promoted from League One.
League One.
A total of 24 teams contest the division, including 17 sides remaining in the division from last season, three relegated from the Championship and four promoted from League Two.
† Hartlepool deducted 3 points for fielding an ineligible player.
League Two.
A total of 24 teams contest the division, including 18 sides remaining in the division from last season, four relegated from the League One, two promoted from 2008–09 Football Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="20758283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758283" title="Hoklabari">
Hoklabari

Hoklabari is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4520 people living in 806 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758292" title="Obligation assimilable du Trésor">
Obligation assimilable du Trésor

OATs (Obligations assimilables du Trésor) are government bonds issued by Agence France Trésor (French Treasury), generally by auction according to an annual calendar published in advance. These fungible securities are issued with maturities of seven to 50 years, and have become the method of choice for placing the French government’s long-term debt.

</doc>
<doc id="20758293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758293" title="Don Cassel">
Don Cassel

Don Cassel (born April 4, 1942) is the author/coauthor of 60 Canadian college textbooks and was a Humber College professor for 30 years, responsible for developing the college's first "Computer Programming" curriculum.
Career.
Cassel was a Professor of Information Technology at Humber College in Toronto, Ontario from 1968 to 1998. In 1968, after arriving at Humber from IBM, he developed the college's first "Computer Programming" program, which is still part of the curriculum. During this time he specialized in computer programming and application software courses. He was a founding member of the Information Systems department in 1968 where he was department head for 10 years. 
During his tenure at Humber Cassel developed numerous courses and was active in curriculum development for the School of Business and later for the School of Information Technology. He developed one of the first online interactive courses at Humber for Microsoft Access using WebCT. WebCT became a significant tool for developing and delivering distance learning for the college.
Cassel was a computer programmer and system analyst with IBM Canada from 1961 to 1968. He received an undergraduate degree in Computer Science from York University in 1975 and was accepted into the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education at the University of Toronto for a Master of Education program, completing the first year of the two year program. At this point writing college textbooks began to require his full attention.
In 1972 his first book, "Programming Language One", was published by Reston Publishing Company of Reston, Virginia, a subsidiary of Prentice Hall Inc. Thus began a long period of textbook writing for college programs across North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20758303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758303" title="Vacas, Cochabamba">
Vacas, Cochabamba

Vacas (Quechua name: Wak'as, deriving from "Wak'a") is a Bolivian village in the southeast of the Cochabamba Department. It is the capital of the Vacas Municipality, the second municipal section of the Arani Province. Vacas is located about 85 km far from Cochabamba and about 30 km far from Arani.
The people living in Vacas and surrounding areas are predominantly indigenous citizens of Quechuan descent. During the Inca period Vacas served as a "tampu" along the Inca road system that led to Inkallaqta and Pocona. Later on, during the colonial period, it was founded under the name of "Santa Bárbara de Bacas".
Vacas is situated in a rural environment in the altitudes of the "Cono Sur" (South cone) of Cochabamba. The climate is suitable for the cultivation of potatoes, wheat, barley, broad bean and oat. Vacas is known as the "Land of the potato" (Quechua: "Papaq llaqtan", ). The fields are prepared with the help of yokes of oxen. The cultivation of the soil is supplemented by animal husbandry of cows, sheep, pigs and hens.
Education.
As to education all types of schools are available in or next to Vacas.

</doc>
<doc id="20758324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758324" title="Indrapur, Kosi">
Indrapur, Kosi

Indrapur () is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,592 people living in 1930 individual households. It is bordered by Belbari in the east, Sundarpur in the west, Kerabari in the north and Haraicha in the south.More than 80% people in this VDC are engaged in agriculture. Many small scale as well as large scale industries are established here. Temples like, Krishna temple, Kali temple(one of the oldest temple of this area), Radha Krishna sivalaya mandir, etc. lies here. The main ethnic groups here are Brahmin, Chhetri, Rai, Limbu, Tharu, etc. The villages like Biratchowk, Belepur, Karjuna, Harainchamode, Jogichor,etc. lies here. Among them Biratchowk is most developed. This indrapur VDC is one of the developedn VDC of Morang district with various facilities like drinking water, electricity, communication,etc. District famous schools and campus like Sukuna multiple campus, Subijimur memorial Higher English school, etc. lies here. The town Biratchowk is also going to be municipality in near future. For which many developmental efforts ase activiting in this area. There is also uneven population destribution in this VDC. Many national politicians and film actors are also from this village. Far more, yearly Indrapur Festival(Mohatshob) is also celebrated by various organizations for its popularity and fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20758330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758330" title="Itahara">
Itahara

Itahara is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 14,931 people living in 2536 individual households.
Damrabhitta is the most developing place in the Itahara VDC.

</doc>
<doc id="20758331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758331" title="Jante, Nepal">
Jante, Nepal

Jante is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5622 people living in 1010 individual households. It contains various communities like Limbu, Rai, Bahun, Chettri, Magar and Newar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20758349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758349" title="Graham Balcombe">
Graham Balcombe

Graham Balcombe (8 March 1907 – 19 March 2000), born Francis Graham Balcombe in Manchester, was a pioneer of cave diving in the United Kingdom and a founder of the Cave Diving Group together with Jack Sheppard.
Balcombe began rock climbing in the English Lake District in the 1920s as a Boy Scout. Balcombe continued his love affair with the Lakeland crags during an early posting to Reading, Berkshire, by joining a mountaineering group which later became the Tricouni Club. Balcombe was one the most technically gifted rock climbers of the early 1930s, pioneering three Lakes climbing routes (Buttonhook HVS, Engineers Slabs, VS and Central Buttress Direct Finish HVS) that were technically far ahead of their time during a two-week period in 1934. In 1936 Balcombe lead a party of German climbers on a visit to the Lake district in what was to be his last significant contribution to the activity.
Balcombe worked for the Post Office as a telecommunications engineer where he met Jack Sheppard. The pair became rock climbing partners and while based in Bristol became interested in the caves of the Mendip Hills, particularly Swildon's Hole which they believed connected to the Cheddar Caves. At the time, the limit of exploration was a flooded underwater passage or "syphon" (sump).
Various attempts were made pass this obstacle, at first using explosives and then by diving. Initial attempts were unsuccessful and Balcombe's attentions moved to Wookey Hole where standard diving dress was used to explore upstream from the limit of the Show Cave at Chamber 3 as far as the Seventh Chamber.
During the Second World War, Balcombe was stationed in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, where he continued to develop his diving equipment, which was put to use at local sites such as Alum Pot, Keld Head and Goyden Pot. After the war Balcombe co-founded the Cave Diving Group in 1946. He ran operations from his base in London and remained involved in cave diving up to his retirement from the activity in 1957.
During his later life, Balcombe was made Honorary President of the Cave Diving Group, a role which he shared with Sheppard. His memoirs were published posthumously in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20758377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758377" title="Dave Osei">
Dave Osei

Dave Osei (born July 7, 1983 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch-Ghanaian footballer who plays as a striker for DWS Amsterdam.
Career.
He began his career at AFC Amsterdam, before 2006 moving to Helmond Sport. He left Helmond 2007 and moved to FC Dordrecht, after one year was released.

</doc>
<doc id="20758389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758389" title="Scott Hazell">
Scott Hazell

Scott Darren Hazell (born 24 November 1987) is a London-based actor working in Theatre, Television and Film.
Personal life.
Hazell was born on 24 November 1987 in Essex. His father Paul (who died from Motor Neurone Disease in 2010) worked as a financial analyst, while his mother worked part-time at a residential care home. At the age of five Hazell made his stage debut in a school nativity play. At the age of twelve he landed the part of Michael in an original community play called Down the River and Up the Road at the Queen's Theatre, Hornchurch. After gaining his GCSE's, he attended Barking and Dagenham College
Career.
Aged 17, Hazell appeared in his first feature film "Flyboys" (2006), which received critical acclaim. Since then Hazell has appeared in police drama "The Bill" twice and the British series "" in early 2009. In America he has starred in sci-fi horror TV film "Croc" (2007). He has also guested in many popular US shows, including "Genie in the House" (2008). Some argue that his best TV work was as David Phillips in the acclaimed docu-drama "A Walk into Hell", an episode in season 2 of the series "I Shouldn't Be Alive" (2006) with Aaron Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="20758396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758396" title="Jhorahat">
Jhorahat

Jhorahat is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 4844 people with 2457 male population and 2387 female population.
Toponymy.
The village of Jhorahat is named after "Jhora" which means forest and "hat" means Bazaar. The name was kept maybe because the place was habitated by cutting down hugh forest that was present there hundreds of years ago.
Economy.
Farming is the main source of income for people in Jhorahat, and it is an agricultural trade centre, being situated along a secondary road between Biratnagar and the east-west highway. Being only about 5 km from the outskirts of Biratnagar, some residents of the area work as laborers in factories in Biratnagar or some in higher ranks in various firms and government offices. There are some brick kilns in the countryside east of Jhorahat. Jhorahat chowk is the largest economic centre in this part of Morang, and a large haat or Bazaar is organised every Monday and Friday. This complements a number of much smaller haats held in surrounding villages.
Ethnicity.
Jhorahat is situated in an ethnically diverse part of Morang. The Brahmin and Kshyatriya population mostly reside in the Jhorahat central area, while other communities such as the Tharu, Musahar, Batar, Bhojpuri,Brahmin, Kshyatriya,Newar,Kami, Damain live in scattered hamlets such as Khuniyakatta, Tetariya, Batrain, and Birta. Pidarboni in the north is a large village home predominantly to the Tharu community.
Politics.
A Nepali_Congress stronghold after the democratic revolution of 1990,Jhorahat has now seen varying political consensus.Madhesi parties like madhesi jana adhikar forum,Nepal communist party(Maoist) are uprising after the constituent assembly election of 2008.Jhorahat falls under Area number 5 of Morang district according to election commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20758401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758401" title="Jhurkiya">
Jhurkiya

Jhurkiya is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8452 people living in 1974 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758404" title="A Million Light Years Away">
A Million Light Years Away

"A Million Light Years Away" is Stratovarius's twelfth single. It was released in 2000 through Nuclear Blast.

</doc>
<doc id="20758409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758409" title="Kadamaha">
Kadamaha

Kadamaha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5182 people living in 1029 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758411" title="Kaseni, Kosi">
Kaseni, Kosi

Kaseni is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6545 people living in 1227 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758412" title="Business/IT Fusion">
Business/IT Fusion

Business/IT Fusion: How to Move Beyond Alignment and Transform IT in Your Organization is a business book by Peter Hinssen, published in 2009. It discusses an approach to IT management that moves beyond the classic model of business/IT alignment. In place of alignment focused on the collaboration between business and IT, Hinssen suggests that the future evolution in IT lies in the convergence of the two parties: integrating IT into the business rather than treating it as a supplier. The work is presented as a guidebook to "IT 2.0".

</doc>
<doc id="20758424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758424" title="Katahari">
Katahari

Katahari is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 18782.
It lies immediately to the east of Biratnagar, and the western parts of the VDC are semi-urban, although the remainider is rural, home to a number of self-contained villages off the main road. 
Katahari lies in the smaller industrial belt of Biratnagar, with a number of agricultural processing factories lining the road towards Rangeli. Katahari bazaar and Naya Bazaar to the east are important agricultural trade centres for the ethnically diverse farming population of south-west Morang. A large Haatiya (weekly market) is held in Naya Bazaar twice a week. The lands on either side of the Lohandra khola are fertile, and very suitable for vegetable cultivation, supplying Biratnagar's central vegetable market. 

</doc>
<doc id="20758428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758428" title="Dobogókő">
Dobogókő

Dobogókő is a popular holiday-maker place. Part of Pilisszentkereszt village in Hungary. 133 people live here.
The highest point in the Visegrád Hills (700 meter). Up in the hills lies the Ödön Téry Memorial, a stone pyramid built in memory of one of great pioneers of Hungarian tourism. In Dobogókő you can find a Tourist Museum (nother name: Eötvös Loránd-menedékház), which lies in the area. There are hiking possibilities Prédikálószék, Pám Ravine, Árpád-vár, Thirring Rock. 
Nearby larger settlements are Dömös and Szentendre.

</doc>
<doc id="20758429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758429" title="Kathamaha">
Kathamaha

Kathamaha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7188.

</doc>
<doc id="20758432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758432" title="Freezing rain advisory">
Freezing rain advisory

A Freezing Rain Advisory is an advisory issued by the National Weather Service in the United States when freezing rain or freezing drizzle is expected to cause significant inconveniences, but does not meet warning criteria (typically greater than of ice accumulation).
Example.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="20758435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758435" title="Keron">
Keron

Keron is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10802 people living in 2028 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758437" title="Lakhantari">
Lakhantari

Lakhantari is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3320 people living in 623 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758441" title="Letang">
Letang

Letang, "लेटाङ" is a village development committee in Morang District in the Koshi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 18,552 people living in 4,359 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20758442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20758442" title="Mahadeva, Kosi">
Mahadeva, Kosi

Mahadeva is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3713 people living in 780 individual households.

</doc>
