<doc id="20541365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541365" title="Hadston">
Hadston

Hadston is a village in Northumberland, England about south of Amble, Northumberland.
History.
Hadston is a township in the chaplery of Chevington, in the parish of Warkworth. The name of Hadston is mentioned in historical documents, which date back to the 12th century. In the mid 16th century Hadston township was acquired by Robert Brandling of North Gosforth. It remained in the Brandling family until the mid 17th century when it was sold to Sir William Carnaby of Thernham. On his death Hadston passed to his daughter, Jane Carnaby, who was married to Sir Thomas Haggerston. It remained with the Haggerstons until 1826 when it was sold to Mr Addison Baker Cresswell of Cresswell, Northumberland. The land was considered extremely fertile and was well-cultivated farmland producing excellent crops. Prior to the estate being sold to Mr Baker Cresswell one of the tenants of Hadston Link House, Mr Robert Coward, had developed an improved seed drill to facilitate the cultivation of this fruitful land. In 1867 Mr Baker Cresswell leased the estate to the Broomhill Colliery Company and several drift mines seem to have been worked in conjunction with Broomhill Colliery but it is not clear how much tonnage was raised. Throughout the 19th century the population of Hadston remained almost static: in 1801 the population was 68 and in 1891 it was 78. It peaked in 1851 when it reached 103. In the 19th century it was divided into four farms: Hadston, Hadston Link House, High Coldrife and Low Coldrife but has now expanded to become a village in its own right.
Governance.
Hadston is in the parliamentary constituency of Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Landmarks.
The site of the old opencast mine workings have been reclaimed and landscaped as a country park – Druridge Bay Country Park.
Notable people.
Robert Coward, tenant of Hadston Link House, developed an improved seed drill

</doc>
<doc id="20541374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541374" title="Leslie White (rugby league born circa-1910)">
Leslie White (rugby league born circa-1910)

Leslie "Les" L. White was a Welsh/English professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s, '30s, and '40s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, Wales, England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Pontypridd, and Hunslet, as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums. Les White was a Lance Corporal in the British Army during World War II.
Playing career.
International honours.
Les White won 7 caps for Wales in 1928–1933 while at Pontypridd and Hunslet, won a cap for England while at Hunslet in 1933 against Australia, and won caps for Great Britain while at Hunslet in 1932 Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (2 matches), and in 1933 Australia (2 matches).
Wales and England.
Only four rugby league footballers have played initially for Wales, and then subsequently for England, they are; Emlyn Jenkins, Gus Risman, Jim Sullivan, and Les White.
By the time Les White played for England, and Yorkshire, he would have moved from the Pontypridd area, and was living in Yorkshire, as he was playing for Hunslet at the time.
Other notable Games.
Les White played for Northern Command XIII against a Rugby League XIII at Thrum Hall, Halifax on Saturday 21 March 1942. Coincidently, he played alongside another Les White.
Outside of Rugby league.
Following his retirement from rugby league, Les White was the landlord of the Moorhouse Inn public house in Hunslet, near Leeds during the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20541385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541385" title="Kirkhaugh">
Kirkhaugh

Kirkhaugh is a very small village adjacent to the River South Tyne in Northumberland, England. The village lies close to the A689 road north of Alston, Cumbria.
Governance.
Kirkhaugh is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.
Transport.
Although the Standard Gauge Alston Line from Haltwhistle to Alston passed through Kirkhaugh there was no station here when normal British Rail passenger services operated. The line opened in 1852 and closed in 1976.
Since 1983 a narrow gauge railway has opened on part of the original track bed. The railway, known as the South Tynedale Railway, is a 2-foot (0.61 m) gauge line and runs from Alston to a station at Kirkhaugh and includes a viaduct over the River South Tyne. Efforts are being made to extend the line to Slaggyford.
Religious sites.
The church, rebuilt in 1869, is thought to be the only English church dedicated to the Holy Paraclete.

</doc>
<doc id="20541386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541386" title="Mark Higgins (footballer)">
Mark Higgins (footballer)

Mark Nicholas Higgins (born 29 September 1958) is an English former footballer who played at centre back for Everton, Manchester United, Bury and Stoke City.
Career.
Born in Buxton, Derbyshire, Higgins joined Everton as an apprentice and earned his first team debut for the Toffees on 5 October 1976. He made a total of 183 appearances for the club, scoring 6 goals. Higgins later picked up a severe injury, which forced him to temporarily retire from the game in May 1984.
Defying all expectations, Higgins returned to the game 18 months later, when he joined Manchester United for £60,000 in December 1985. He made his Manchester United debut in a 2–0 home win over Rochdale in the FA Cup Third Round on 9 January 1986. However, he was unable to recover the form he had shown while with Everton and, after just eight appearances for United (six league, two cup), he was allowed to go on loan to Bury in January 1987 before the transfer was made permanent in February 1987 for a fee of £10,000.
At Gigg Lane Higgins played 82 times for the club in three seasons before joining Stoke City in September 1988. He played 37 times for Stoke in 1988–89 scoring once against Chelsea. In 1989–90 he played nine times for Stoke before being released at the end of the season. He then joined Burnley on trial but injured his back and decided to retire from playing.

</doc>
<doc id="20541387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541387" title="Kohei Morita">
Kohei Morita

Career statistics.
Last update: 17 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20541401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541401" title="Vic Simms">
Vic Simms

William Victor Simms, known as Vic Simms and Vicki Simms, is an Australian singer and song writer. He is from La Perouse, New South Wales and is a Bidjigal man.
His singing career began at age 12 at the Manly Jazzorama Music Festival in 1957, soon after Col Joye heard him as an 11 year old singing at a football social. He released his first single (as "Vicki Simms"), "Yo-Yo Heart" (Festival Records) at age 15.
After getting into alcohol and committing a robbery he was sent to prison. Whilst incarcerated in the notorious Bathurst Gaol he learnt how to play guitar and started writing songs. In 1973 his music was heard by a Robin Hood Foundation and they sent a tape to RCA who organised to have him record an album. This album was recorded in one hour with a mobile studio in the prison dining room and was released as "The Loner". It has been described as "Australia's great lost classic album of black protest music". After the release of the album he was sent on tours of other prisons, shopping malls and the Sydney Opera House as an example of a model prisoner. After he was convinced he was being used he refused to continue the shows.
After his release from prison he has reentered the entertainment industry. He has toured Australian prisons and in 1990 he toured Canada with Roger Knox and Bobby McLeod where they played in prisons and on reservations. In 1996 he released a covers album "From The Heart". 
Simms was given a Deadly in 2001 for Outstanding Contribution to Aboriginal Music. 
In 2009 his album, "The Loner", was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry.
Simms sang "Stranger in My Country", in both the SBS documentary and accompanying cd, .

</doc>
<doc id="20541409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541409" title="Tsumi">
Tsumi

History.
The term evolved to its present form as a contraction of , a verb which very generally indicated the occurrence of a negative event. In ancient Japan the word thus indicated not only crimes and other forbidden human actions, but also diseases, disasters, pollution, ugliness and any other unpleasant object or fact. 
The Engishiki, a 927 AD Japanese book of laws and regulations, for example, distinguishes two kinds of "tsumi", the and the . The first category deals with infractions against property, the second mainly with infractions against people. Some of the "tsumi" have to do with disease and natural disasters, and are not therefore "sins" in the modern sense, but order perturbations ("kegare") which had to be dealt with and solved by the person or persons concerned in certain ways, for example through purification rites called "harae".

</doc>
<doc id="20541410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541410" title="S road">
S road

S road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20541414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541414" title="Shinichiro Kuwada">
Shinichiro Kuwada

Career statistics.
Last update: 15 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20541423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541423" title="Dan Sultan">
Dan Sultan

Dan Sultan is an Australian singer and songwriter. Sultan plays what he calls country soul rock ‘n’ roll.
Biography.
Daniel Leo Sultan was born in 1983 and grew up in the inner suburbs of Melbourne. His father was Irish and his mother, Roslyn Sultan, was Aboriginal from the Arrernte and Gurindji people. Sultan's father, a lawyer, worked for the Aboriginal Legal Service and as a result the family also lived in Yuendumu (300 kilometres north-west of Alice Springs) in the Tanami Desert, as well as Cairns in Queensland. He started playing guitar aged four and wrote his first song at ten.
With Scott Wilson he has released an album called "Homemade Biscuits" with the help of John Butler’s Seed program. Sultan won the Single Release of The Year at the 2007 Deadly Awards for his song "Your Love is Like a Song".
His second album, "Get Out While You Can", was released in November 2009. It reached #1 on the independent Australian charts and was a Triple J feature album.
His band is made up of Wilson (vocals and guitar), Joshua Jones (bass), Peter Marin (drums), Gina Woods (keyboards), Steven Veale (horns) and Ben Veale (horns).
Sultan made his screen debut in the 2009 film "Bran Nue Dae", together with Geoffrey Rush, Missy Higgins and Jessica Mauboy. Sultan and his band have performed at most major Australian music festivals. Paul Kelly invited Sultan and Wilson to contribute to the Kev Carmody tribute album, "Cannot Buy My Soul", as well as the concert of the same name at the Sydney Festival 2008 and Queensland Music Festival 2009.
Sultan is a member of The Black Arm Band, a collection of many of Australia's premier Aboriginal musicians.
Sultan received the 'Best Independent Blues and Roots Album' as well as 'Best Independent Artist' at the Australian Independent Record (AIR) Awards for his album "Get Out While You Can".
On 2 November 2010 Sultan won his first ARIA Music Award for Best Blues and Roots Album winning over contenders such as John Butler and Ash Grunwald.
On 7 November 2010 he won an ARIA for Best Male Artist.
Personal.
Sultan currently resides in Melbourne, with his girlfriend, Jade Blair.
Awards and nominations.
APRA Awards.
The APRA Awards are presented annually from 1982 by the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA), "honouring composers and songwriters".

</doc>
<doc id="20541428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541428" title="Volta Glacier">
Volta Glacier

The Volta Glacier is located in Mount Aspiring National Park in the Southern Alps of the South Island of New Zealand.
It is split into upper and lower glaciers which are connected by an icefall. The Upper Volta Glacier is between in altitude and is surrounded by the 3 peaks of Glacier Dome, Pickelhaube and Fastness Peak, while the Lower Volta Glacier sits directly under the North side of Mount Aspiring / Tititea and lies between . The Glacier feeds the Pearson River, a tributary of the Waiatoto River which eventually runs out to the West Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="20541429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541429" title="The Sapphires (play)">
The Sapphires (play)

The Sapphires is an Australian play written by Tony Briggs and directed by Wesley Enoch. It is set in 1968 (a year after the referendum expanding the rights of Aborigines) and it tells the story of The Sapphires, a singing group of four Yorta Yorta women who tour Vietnam during the war.
It was inspired by the true story of Briggs's mother, Laurel Robinson, and aunt, Lois Peeler, who toured Vietnam as singers. The pair slept on the stage, as Robinson recalled: "It was so scary – one night a bomb went off, the bed fell down and the place shook."
Though set at the time of increasing calls for Aboriginal rights, the play takes these issues seriously but in a way that doesn't detract from its fun and humour and adds to its entertainment value.
Original production.
The play debuted with the Melbourne Theatre Company in 2004 and continued at Sydney's Company B in 2005. The original cast included Deborah Mailman, Rachael Maza, Ursula Yovich and Lisa Flanagan.
Other productions.
It was revived by Black Swan and Company B in 2010, with Christine Anu, Casey Donovan, Hollie Andrew and Kylie Farmer playing the lead roles. The show ran at Deagu International Music Festival mid-2010 where Donovan won the award for Best Supporting Actress. This company also toured to Adelaide and was a part of the Adelaide Festival. In 2011 The lead cast was Donovan, Lisa Maza, Ngaire Pigram and Megan Sarmardin.
The show appeared at the Barbican Centre in London for two weeks in March 2011. The four leading cast members were Donovan, Maza, Pigram and Sarmardin. The rest of the cast was Aljin Abella, Jimi Bani, Markus Hamilton and Oliver Wenn.
Film version.
Production of the movie version began in 2011. The leads have gone to Deborah Mailman (from the original production), Jessica Mauboy, Shari Sebbens and Miranda Tapsell. Although Donovan received strong reviews in the 2010 production, and auditioned for the movie version, she was ultimately not chosen to star.

</doc>
<doc id="20541438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541438" title="The World's 10 Most Wanted">
The World's 10 Most Wanted

The World's Most Wanted Fugitive is a list published by the American publishing and media company Forbes. The list contains ten fugitives that Forbes, with the help of international law enforcement agencies, deems as the world's most wanted. The list was first published in April 2008. Subsequently, in August 2008 Forbes published a new list that focused solely on white-collar crime: World's 10 Most Wanted White-Collar Fugitives. There has been a new list as of May 2011, following the death of Osama bin Laden.

</doc>
<doc id="20541443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541443" title="Koichi Kidera">
Koichi Kidera

Kidera previously played for Albirex Niigata and Sanfrecce Hiroshima in the J. League Division 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20541450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541450" title="UNICEF UK">
UNICEF UK

UNICEF UK, also known as the United Kingdom Committee for UNICEF, is one of 36 UNICEF National Committees based in industrialised countries. The National Committees raise funds for the organisation's worldwide emergency and development work. In 2007, UNICEF UK raised £41.3 million for UNICEF’s work with children worldwide.
UNICEF UK also advocates for lasting change for children. For example, it works to change government policies and practices that are detrimental to children’s rights in the UK and internationally.
Internationally, UNICEF is the leading children’s organisation, reaching children in more than 150 less-developed countries around the world. It works with local communities, organisations and governments to make a lasting difference to children’s lives. 
The organisation's global reach allows it to share knowledge across borders, while its local presence – over 85 per cent of UNICEF staff work in developing countries - means it can deliver assistance where it is needed most. With its worldwide presence, UNICEF can respond rapidly wherever disaster strikes, delivering life-saving help for children.
UNICEF believes that every child should have clean water, food, health care, education, and a safe environment in which to grow up. The organisation upholds the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child and works to hold the international community responsible for their promises to children.
UNICEF is not funded by the UN. Instead, it relies on voluntary donations to fund its work for children worldwide. UNICEF UK raises funds for these programmes through donations, the sale of cards and gifts, partnerships with companies and special events. UNICEF UK is a registered charity.
UNICEF Ambassadors.
UNICEF UK has a long history of support from its Ambassadors and high profile supporters, who play a vital role in promoting UNICEF and advocating and fundraising on its behalf. Ambassadors help the organisation reach a wider audience, enabling it to highlight work undertaken to improve the lives of the most vulnerable children around the world.
All UNICEF Ambassadors have been appointed because they have already demonstrated a commitment to the organisation’s work. They dedicate time and energy in a variety of ways: visiting projects in the field and emergency situations, speaking to the media about what they have seen, or lobbying and raising money.
Current UNICEF UK Ambassadors and high profile supporters include David Beckham, Martin Bell OBE, Orlando Bloom, Charley Boorman, Sir Alex Ferguson, Ralph Fiennes, Ryan Giggs, Ewan McGregor, Jemima Khan, Sir Roger Moore, James Nesbitt, Vanessa Redgrave and Robbie Williams.
Corporate partners.
UNICEF is supported entirely by voluntary contributions and the support from corporate partners makes a significant contribution to its work. Companies that currently have a corporate partnership with UNICEF UK include Barclays, easyJet, Marks & Spencer, IKEA, Manchester United, EE, Pampers and Vodafone.
Cards and gifts.
UNICEF was the first charity to produce and sell cards for the purpose of raising funds.
The very first UNICEF card was a Christmas card created in 1949. The card was a reproduction of a painting, sent as a thank you to UNICEF in 1947, by seven-year-old Jitka Samkova. Jitka’s village in Czechoslovakia had received UNICEF emergency assistance after the Second World War.
Since 1949, UNICEF has continued to sell cards and gifts in order to raise money for children living in poverty around the world.
Inspired Gifts.
In 2004 UNICEF UK expanded its range of cards and gifts to include a selection of ‘Inspired Gifts’. These offer an opportunity to give a present which makes a real difference to the lives of children. 
The choice of Inspired Gifts is wide; however the selection changes periodically, depending on where the need is greatest. A typical range could vary from a cold-box vaccine carrier which helps to ensure that vaccines for children reach their destination in perfect condition, to a midwife kit which helps to safely deliver over 50 babies.
Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The 1989 United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child is a comprehensive human rights treaty which enshrines specific children’s rights in international law. These rights define universal principles and standards for the status and treatment of children worldwide.
The Convention spells out a specific role for UNICEF, in its capacity as the UN body responsible for the rights of children. UNICEF is required to promote the effective implementation of the Convention and to encourage international cooperation for the benefit of children. UNICEF is also entitled to be represented when each country’s implementation of the Convention is considered by the Committee every five years.
Emergency response.
When an emergency strikes, UNICEF staff in the area react rapidly and the first aid usually arrives within 48 hours. Emergency specialists assess the immediate need, focusing on women and children. With permanent offices in the field, UNICEF is well placed to coordinate relief by road and air. Following emergency relief efforts, UNICEF works to promote long-term rehabilitation and improve conditions for children.
Programmes in the UK.
In the UK, UNICEF seeks to improve baby health and nutrition through its Baby Friendly Initiative in UK health care centres. It also champions child-centred education based on the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child through its Rights Respecting Schools Award initiative. UNICEF UK is a member of The National Council for Voluntary Youth Services (NCVYS).
Other areas of work.
UNICEF’s other priorities include education for all, child survival, HIV and AIDS and child protection.
Education.
On education, UNICEF is committed to giving girls and boys equal learning opportunities. It works to remove barriers that keep girls from attending school and to ensure that, once enrolled, they go on to graduate. UNICEF also supplies educational materials, mobilises teachers, registers children, prepares school facilities and develops curricula in countries affected by conflict and other emergencies.
Child Survival.
In terms of child survival, UNICEF is seeking to completely eradicate polio, to increase the percentage of children protected against malaria by mosquito nets, to protect children in the early years of life by promoting exclusive breastfeeding and to reduce the risk of children dying from diarrhoeal diseases by improving access to water and sanitation facilities.
HIV and AIDS.
In 2005, UNICEF launched a five-year global campaign, Unite for Children, Unite against AIDS, to raise awareness about how HIV and AIDS are destroying the lives of children. The campaign aims to achieve four goals by 2010: to prevent new infections among young people by 25 per cent; to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV in 80 per cent of cases; to provide treatment for 80 per cent of HIV-positive children; and to protect, care for and support 80 per cent of children affected by HIV and AIDS, including those who have lost their parents to the disease.
Child Protection.
Protection from exploitation is a universal right of every child, as laid out in the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, and UNICEF places a high priority on protecting children from all forms of violence and abuse. For example, in Sierra Leone, UNICEF helped more than 3,600 child soldiers leave army life, while in Burkina Faso, UNICEF’s support helped secure passage of legislation that made female genital mutilation a punishable offence.

</doc>
<doc id="20541459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541459" title="Ludwig Kepplinger">
Ludwig Kepplinger

Ludwig Kepplinger (31 December 1911 — 26 August 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major), in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Ludwig Kepplinger was born on the 31 December 1911 in Linz on the Danube. 
When he had finished school, he joined the 7th Alpenjäger Regiment of the Austrian Army, but was dismissed because he was considered politically unreliable.
He moved to Bayern and joined the Austrian Foreign Legion, which was taken over by the SS-Verfügungstruppe in 1935.
In 1938 he became an Oberscharführer (Staff Sergeant) and platoon commander in the 6th Company of the SS Standarte "Deutschland" which was based in Munich.
During the Anschluss when Austria was incorporated into the Greater German Reich, Kepplinger was part of the II. Battalion, SS-Standarte "Der Führer" which moved into Vienna and by the time of the Western Campaign he had been promoted to Hauptscharführer.
World War II.
In May 1940 Kepplinger was part of a 18 man unit that was given the task of capturing the Dutch fort of Westervoort and an important rail and road bridge across the IJssel river. Upon arriving at the bridge they noticed that it had been prepared for demolition. Despite being shelled from a nearby Fort, Kepplinger and 2 other men managed to reach the other side of the bridge and attacked the defenders with hand grenades which enabled the SS Regiment "Der Führer", to break through and proceed with the advance. When the regiment reached Arnhem, Kepplinger was severely wounded being shot in the abdomen and thigh.
For these actions Kepplinger was awarded both the Iron Cross first class and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross being the first NCO in the Waffen SS to be awarded the Knight's Cross.
After recovering from his wounds he was given command of the 10th Company, SS Regiment "Westland" of the new "Wiking" Division.
When Kepplinger was serving in the Caucasus he was once again wounded and returned home to recover. After recovering from his wounds for a second time he was promoted to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) and given command of the II.Battalion, 17th SS Panzer Regiment, 17th SS Panzer Division "Götz von Berlichingen".
In April 1944, he was given command of the 17th SS Panzer Regiment, which was equipped with Sturmgeschütz assault guns.
Kepplinger and the 17th SS Panzer, arrived in Normandy on the 7 June 1944 to counter the Allied invasion.
On the 6 August 1944, Kepplinger was killed in the town of Villiers-Charlemagne which was under artillery fire, the car he was traveling in was hit, with Kepplinger being instantly killed.

</doc>
<doc id="20541463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541463" title="Medinilla magnifica">
Medinilla magnifica

Medinilla magnifica is a species in the genus "Medinilla" native to the Philippines.
This species of Medinilla is more commonly known as the Philippine Orchid, and it is an epiphyte. Various species and hybrids in this family are well known and popular with plant 
collectors with M. speciosa or the Showy Asian Grape plant being found almost identical. 
The plant grows up to 3 m tall, with opposite, firm, leathery leaves, which grow to 20-30 cm long in an ovate shape with a short point. The flowers grow in panicles up to 50 cm long, with ovid pink brachts. The individual flowers are up to 25 mm in size, and are pink, red or violet. The fruits are violet, fleshy berries, about 1 cm wide.
In the Philippines, Medinilla magnifica grows in the forks of large trees. It is an epiphyte, which is a plant that grows on other trees but does not withdraw its food from those trees as parasites do. In the tropics, it is grown as a perennial. It is also a common house plant in cooler climes. King Boudewijn of Belgium was a big devotee of Medinilla. He grew them in the royal conservatories and they were depicted on the bank note of 10,000 Belgian francs.

</doc>
<doc id="20541465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541465" title="Allgemeine Bauzeitung">
Allgemeine Bauzeitung

The Allgemeine Bauzeitung was founded in 1836 by the architect Ludwig Förster and was the most important architectural publication of the Austrian monarchy. It was shut down in 1918.
See also.
List of magazines in Austria

</doc>
<doc id="20541479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541479" title="Action of 13 September 1810">
Action of 13 September 1810

The Action of 13 September 1810 was an inconclusive frigate engagement during the Napoleonic Wars between British Royal Navy and French Navy frigates during which a British frigate was defeated by two French vessels near Isle de France (now Mauritius), but British reinforcements were able to recapture the ship before the French could secure her. The British frigate was HMS "Africaine", a new arrival to the Indian Ocean. She was under the command of Captain Robert Corbet, who had served there the previous year. Corbet was a notoriously unpopular officer and his death in the battle provoked a storm of controversy in Britain over claims that Corbet had either committed suicide at the shame of losing his ship, been murdered by his disaffected crew, or been abandoned by his men, who were said to have refused to load their guns while he remained in command. Whether any of these rumours were accurate has never been satisfactorily determined, but the issue has been discussed in several prominent naval histories and was the subject of at least one lawsuit.
The action came about as a direct consequence of the Battle of Grand Port three weeks earlier, in which a British squadron had been destroyed in a failed attack on Grand Port harbour on Isle de France. This gave the French forces on the island a significant regional advantage, outnumbering the British frigate on the recently captured Île Bourbon, commanded by Commodore Josias Rowley, by six to one. British reinforcements were hastily despatched to the area but the French were blockading Île Bourbon in force and the arriving reinforcements were in constant danger of attack by more powerful French units. "Africaine" was the first ship to reinforce Rowley's squadron, but within three days of her arrival in the region was engaged by two French ships while attempting to drive them away from Saint Denis on Île Bourbon. Corbet was severely wounded in the opening exchanges and subsequently died. Although his crew fought hard, they were overwhelmed by the French frigates and forced to surrender, only for Rowley to arrive in HMS "Boadicea" and drive off the French warships, recapturing "Africaine".
Background.
In 1808, both the British Royal Navy and the French Navy despatched frigate squadrons to the Indian Ocean. The French, led by Commodore Jacques Hamelin, were ordered to disrupt British trade in the region, particularly targeting the large East Indiamen that carried millions of pounds worth of goods between Britain and her Empire. The British force under Commodore Josias Rowley was tasked with the blockade and eventual capture of the two well defended island bases of the French, Île Bonaparte and Isle de France. At the Action of 31 May 1809, a French frigate named "Caroline" captured two East Indiamen, sheltering with her prizes at Saint Paul on Île Bonaparte. In his first major operation against the islands, Rowley landed soldiers behind the defences of the harbour and sent his ships into the bay, seizing the town and the shipping in the harbour, including "Caroline". One of Rowley's captains who had performed well in this engagement was Robert Corbet of HMS "Nereide". Refitting the "Caroline" as a British warship and renaming her HMS "Bourbonaise", Rowley placed Corbet in command and sent him to Britain with despatches.
Over the following year, the French continued to attack British trade convoys, achieving important victories at the Action of 18 November 1809 and the Action of 3 July 1810, where they captured another five East Indiamen as well as numerous smaller merchant ships and a large Portuguese frigate. Rowley too was active, commanding the successful Invasion of Île Bonaparte in July and renaming the island Île Bourbon, basing his squadron at Saint Paul on the island's eastern shore. From this base, Rowley's ships were ideally positioned to begin a close blockade of Isle de France, led initially by Captain Samuel Pym in HMS "Sirius". Pym sought to reduce French movement by seizing a number of fortified offshore islands, starting with Île de la Passe off Grand Port. The island was captured, but when a French squadron broke through the British blockade and took shelter in Grand Port, Pym resolved to attack them. The ensuing Battle of Grand Port was a disaster for Rowley's squadron, as Pym led four of Rowley's five frigates into the bay without adequately assessing the channel through the coral reefs that sheltered the harbour. As a result, two frigates grounded out of range of the enemy and the remaining two were outnumbered in confined waters. In a complicated battle lasting several days, two of Pym's frigates were captured and two more had to be scuttled, with their entire crews made prisoner. Rowley's reinforcements arrived too late, and the British commodore was chased back to Saint Denis by Hamelin's flagship.
While Rowley and Hamelin had sparred in the Indian Ocean, Corbet had made the lengthy journey back to Britain. During his time in command of "Nereide", Corbet had already developed a reputation as a strict disciplinarian, regularly beating his men for the slightest infractions, to the extent that he had provoked a brief mutiny on "Nereide" in 1808. His reputation spread before him, and when he switched commands with Captain Richard Raggett of HMS "Africaine", he was met with a storm of protest from "Africaine"'s crew. Although none of the men aboard "Africaine" had served with Corbet before, his preference for brutal punishment was well known in the Navy and the crew sent a letter to the Admiralty insisting that they would not serve under him. Concerned at what they considered to be mutiny, the Admiralty sent three popular officers to "Africaine" with the message that if the protest was quietly dropped there would be no courts-martial for mutiny but if not, the entire crew would be liable to attack. To emphasise the threat, the frigate HMS "Menelaus" was brought alongside with her gunports open and her cannon ready to fire. Chastened, the crew of "Africaine" allowed Corbet aboard and the frigate sailed for the Indian Ocean a few days later, carrying instructions for the authorities at Madras to prepare an expeditionary force to invade Isle de France.
"Africaine" off Isle de France.
"Africaine"'s journey to Madras took several months and Corbet made a number of stops on his passage, the final one being at the small British island base of Rodriguez in early September 1810. There Corbet was informed of the disaster at Grand Port and on his own initiative immediately sailed south to augment Rowley's weakened squadron. Arriving off Isle de France at 06:15 on 11 September, Corbet spotted a French schooner near Île Ronde and gave chase, the schooner sheltering behind the reefs at Grand Bay on the eastern side of the island. At 07:30, Corbet ordered the frigate's boats to enter the creek into which the schooner had fled, the small craft entering the waterway in the hope of storming and capturing the vessel. As the boats approached, French soldiers and militia appeared along the banks and began firing on the British sailors. Fire was returned by Royal Marines in the boats, but "Africaine"'s barge grounded soon after the ambush was sprung and became trapped, French gunfire killing two men and wounding ten. The other boat reached the grounded and abandoned schooner, but the six men aboard were unable to move the vessel unaided and were forced to depart, coming under fire which wounded five men, before they could escape the French trap.
Retrieving his boats, Corbet determined to sail to Île Bourbon directly. By 04:00 on 12 September he had arrived at Saint-Denis and there landed his wounded and came ashore for news, learning that two French frigates were just offshore, blockading the port. The French ships had spotted "Africaine" in the harbour and despatched the small brig "Entreprenant" to Isle de France with information of her whereabouts, although Corbet had raised flags that successfully deceived the French into believing that his frigate was Rowley's flagship HMS "Boadicea". The French ships were "Astrée", commanded by Pierre Bouvet, and "Iphigénie", formerly one of the British frigates captured at Grand Port, under René Lemarant de Kerdaniel.
Battle.
Rowley, stationed at Saint-Paul to the west of Saint-Denis, received word that "Africaine" had arrived at Saint Denis and immediately sought to drive off the French blockade. Sailing eastwards, "Boadicea" came within sight of Bouvet's squadron at 15:00 and the British flagship followed by the small brigs HMS "Otter" and HMS "Staunch". Corbet recognised Rowley's intention and joined the attack, embarking 25 soldiers from the 86th Regiment of Foot to replace his losses at Grand Bay. The French, still believing "Africaine" to be "Boadicea", assumed that "Boadicea" was an East Indiaman named "Windham" in disguise, and fell back towards Isle de France before the British force.
"Otter" and "Staunch" both fell rapidly behind "Boadicea", while "Africaine" pulled far ahead. By 18:20, lookouts on "Africaine" could no longer see the other British ships, and by 18:30, "Boadicea" was similarly alone. Bouvet realised the lack of cohesion in the British squadron, and also recognised that "Africaine" was faster than either of his ships and would soon catch them. As a result, he slowed and prepared to meet the British frigate as night fell. Corbet now found himself outnumbered and began to launch rockets and flares in the hope of attracting Rowley's attention and as the French closed with "Africaine", he readied his ship for action. behind, Rowley could see the flares and flashes but was powerless to intercede in the darkness. At 01:50 on 13 September, the gap had closed between "Africaine" and the French ships, and at 02:20 Corbet opened fire on "Astrée", with Bouvet returning the fire immediately.
A cannonball from the second French broadside struck Corbet within minutes of the first broadside, the ball tearing off his foot above the ankle just as a large wooden splinter thrown from the gunwale struck the thigh of the same leg, shattering the bone. Corbet was brought below to the ship's surgeon where the remnant of his leg was hastily amputated and bound, and command devolved on Lieutenant John Crew Tullidge. At 02:30, "Astrée" pulled away from "Africaine" to perform hasty repairs, but Bouvet's guns had wrecked "Africaine"'s rigging, leaving the British frigate uncontrollable and largely immobile. Slowly moving ahead, "Africaine" engaged "Iphigénie" at close range but was counter attacked by "Astrée" and found herself assailed on both sides, "Astrée" angled in such a position that she was able to rake the British ship, inflicting significant damage and casualties.
By 03:30, "Africaine" was in ruins. Tullidge was wounded in four places, but refused to leave the deck as the ship's master had been decapitated and the other lieutenant shot in the chest. All three topmasts had collapsed and as guns were dismounted and casualties increased the return fire of "Africaine" became more and more ragged, until it stopped entirely at 04:45, when only two guns were still capable of firing. French fire stopped at 05:15, first light showing "Boadicea" away and unable to affect the surrender of "Africaine", which had hauled down its flags at 05:00. Within minutes, a French prize crew boarded the battered frigate and seized the magazine of shot and gunpowder, which was shipped to "Iphigénie" whose ammunition was almost exhausted.
"Boadicea" arrives.
At 06:00, a breeze pushed "Boadicea" forward and she began to close with her former consort, Rowley watching as all three of "Africaine"'s masts gave way and collapsed over the side one by one. By 08:00, "Africaine" was a dismasted hull and Corbet was dead in the bowels of the ship, although the exact manner of his death was to cause lasting controversy. By 10:00, "Boadicea" had been joined by "Otter" and "Staunch" and bore down on the French ships and their prize, so that by 15:30 Bouvet was persuaded to abandon "Africaine" and tow the damaged "Iphigénie" back to Port Napoleon. By 17:00, "Boadicea" pulled alongside "Africaine" and the French prize crew surrendered. Rowley later reported that a number of British sailors leaped into the sea at his approach and swam to "Boadicea", requesting that they be allowed to pursue the French ships in the hope of capturing one.
Rowley dismissed this idea given the shattered state of "Africaine" and instead towed the frigate back to Île Bourbon, shadowed by "Astrée" and "Iphigénie" on the return journey. The French frigates did achieve some consolation in pursuing Rowley from a distance, running into and capturing the Honourable East India Company's armed brig "Aurora", sent from India to reinforce Rowley. On 15 September, "Boadicea", "Africaine" and the brigs arrived at Saint Paul, "Africaine" sheltering under the fortifications of the harbour while the others put to sea, again seeking to drive away the French blockade but unable to bring them to action. Bouvet returned to Port Napoleon on 18 September, and thus was not present when Rowley attacked and captured the French flagship "Vénus" and Commodore Hamelin at the Action of 18 September 1810.
Aftermath.
The action was the first of two in this campaign in which lone British frigates were briefly overwhelmed by superior French forces as they sailed independently to join Rowley's squadron. On each occasion however, Rowley was able to recapture the lost frigate and drive off the French attackers. Corbet's action was particularly violent, British casualties totalling 49 killed and 114 wounded, including every single officer and all but three of the soldiers embarked. "Africaine" was seriously damaged and would not be ready to return to active service for some months. French losses were less severe, "Astrée" suffering one killed and two wounded, "Iphigénie" nine killed and 33 wounded.
The action was considered a defeat by the Admiralty and was not reported in the London Gazette. The British naval authorities were particularly disturbed by rumours that began to circulate concerning the death of Captain Corbet and the behaviour of his crew during the battle. Prominent among these rumours was the suggestion that Corbet had been murdered by his disaffected crew: historian William James wrote in 1827 that "There are many who will insist, that Captain Corbett's "" death-wound was inflicted by one of his own people." although he goes on to point out the unlikelihood of Corbet being shot by one of his own cannon. He gives more credence to the story that Corbet committed suicide to avoid the shame of defeat, that he "cut the bandages from his amputated limb, and suffered himself to bleed to death." This story was also alluded to in Edward Pelham Brenton's 1825 history: "Corbet did not (we fear would not) survive his capture". The truth of Corbet's end will never be known with certainty, although James ultimately concludes that Corbet's wound was almost certainly a mortal one and thus the most likely cause of death.
A second accusation, and one that proved even more controversial in the aftermath of the engagement, was the claim that "Africaine"'s crew abandoned their guns, refused to load them or deliberately fired them into the sea in protest at Corbet's behaviour. Corbet's brutality was well known in the Navy, James describing him as "an excessively severe officer" who had a "career of cruelty". James does not accuse the crew of any deliberate attempt to sabotage their ship in the engagement, instead attributing their poor gunnery to Corbet's own failings as a commander, most significantly his failure to practice gunnery regularly. Other authors were less understanding of the crew of "Africaine", Brenton stating that they "they cut the breechings of their guns, and put no shot in them after the first or second broadside", while historian Basil Hall baldly stated in 1833 that they "preferred to be mown down by the French broadsides" than fight under Corbet. This last accusation provoked outrage among naval officers, and Captain Jenkin Jones, a former shipmate of Corbet launched a successful lawsuit, forcing Hall to make a retraction. In 1900, William Laird Clowes commented that "There is, unfortunately, much reason to suppose that Captain Corbett's "" reputation for extreme severity had antagonised his crew, and that the men did not behave as loyally as they should have behaved". He later castigates Brenton for the suggestion that Corbet committed suicide, suggesting that the wound alone was the cause of death. Modern historians have also been scathing of Corbet's behaviour, Robert Gardiner calling him "notoriously brutal," and Richard Woodman describing Tullidge as "an unfortunate victim of Corbet's cruelty, for suspicions lingered that "Africaine"'s brutalised crew had failed to do their utmost in support of their hated commander."

</doc>
<doc id="20541487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541487" title="Leslie White (rugby league born circa-1920)">
Leslie White (rugby league born circa-1920)

Leslie "Les" White (born 1920 — death unknown) was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s and '50s playing at representative level for Great Britain, England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for York, Wigan, and Halifax, as a , or , i.e. number 8 or 10, or 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums. Les White was a Gunner in the British Army during World War II.
Playing career.
International honours.
Les White won caps for England while at York in 1946 against France (2 matches), and Wales (2 matches), in 1947 against France (2 matches), and Wales, while at Wigan in 1947 against Wales, in 1948 against France, and while at Halifax in 1951 against Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at York in 1946 against Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand, and while at Wigan in 1947 against New Zealand (2 matches).
Other notable Games.
Les White played Right- for Northern Command XIII against a Rugby League XIII at Thrum Hall, Halifax on Saturday 21 March 1942. Coincidently, he played alongside another Les White.

</doc>
<doc id="20541493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541493" title="Legendary Assassin">
Legendary Assassin

Legendary Assassin ( is a 2008 Hong Kong action film directed by Wu Jing in his directorial debut, who also starred in the lead role, and also features fight choreography by Nicky Li. The film also marks the screen debut of singer, songwriter and model Celina Jade (daughter of Snake in the Eagle's Shadow and Game of Death II film star Roy Horan). Wu stars as a mysterious martial artist, who become a female cop's prime suspect in a murder investigation.
Production.
Legendary Assassin marks the directorial debuts of Wu Jing and Nicky Li. Wu Jing had long wished to become a director since he first stepped into the entertainment industry in 1995. Nicky Li, a former fight choreography and stunt member of the Jackie Chan Stunt Team, had collaborated with on several recent projects which include "Fatal Contact" and "Invisible Target". The film was shot with a budget of $30 million in Hong Kong. Filming began in March, went on a hiatus by the middle of May and resumed towards end of July, wrapping up filming in September.

</doc>
<doc id="20541514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541514" title="V road">
V road

V road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20541522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541522" title="Ravne pri Šmartnem">
Ravne pri Šmartnem

Ravne pri Šmartnem is a dispersed settlement of isolated farmsteads above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Ravne" to "Ravne pri Šmartnem" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20541529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541529" title="Rafflesia mira">
Rafflesia mira

Rafflesia mira is a member of the genus "Rafflesia". It is endemic in the rainforest of Mindanao, Philippines and can only be found in the vicinity of Mount Candalaga, Compostela Valley province. The species was described later in 2005 by Madulid et al., as "R. magnifica", but this name is a later synonym.

</doc>
<doc id="20541563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541563" title="Rožično">
Rožično

Rožično is a small dispersed settlement in Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies along the side valley of Rožičnica Creek, a tributary of the Nevljica River.

</doc>
<doc id="20541566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541566" title="Ihor Podolchak">
Ihor Podolchak

Ihor Podolchak () (born April 9, 1962) is a Ukrainian filmmaker and visual artist. He is a co-founder of the creative association Masoch Fund.
Early life.
Podolchak was born in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR, USSR (now Ukraine). He graduated from Lviv Academy of Fine Arts (then Lviv State Institute of Applied and Decorative Arts) with distinction in 1984.
Visual arts.
The artist's book "Jacob Bohme" was awarded as World's Best Book (Bronze Medal) by Stiftung Buchkunst Frankfurt am Main at Frankfurt Book Fair. One of his 24 personal exhibitions was the first art exhibition ever to be held in space, at space station Mir on January 25, 1993. Artworks of Podolchak can be found in 26 museums and public collections worldwide.
Cinema.
Both films of Podolchak have common characteristic features: departure from narrative, anthropology of enclosed worlds, elaborated composition of frame, unusual shooting angles. The spaces of "Las Meninas" and "Delirium" are similarly dense, difficult for movement, tiresome both for the characters moving within them and the viewers watching them. This reflects the time of “the end of history” with its somnambulism, impotence, morbidity and hopelessness.
"Las Meninas".
"Las Meninas" is Podolchak's debut full-length film. He wrote, directed and produced it. The film had a world premiere at the International Film Festival Rotterdam in the competition program on January 25, 2008. Overall, it has participated in 27 international film festivals, including 10 competition programs.
"Delirium".
"Delirium" is Podolchak's second full-length feature. Its script is based on the story "Inductor" by the Ukrainian writer and journalist Dmytro Belyanskyi. The film’s production lasted during 2008–2010. For the first time fragments of the film were demonstrated in 2012 on the 45th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in the program "Films in production. New full-length films from Central and Eastern Europe". After the prerelease screenings, Ukrainian film critics compared the second film of Podolchak to the works of Alain Robbe-Grillet, Pedro Costa and Nikos Nikolaidis.
Position 5 in "Top-10 Ukrainian films of 2012" by «Афіша@Mail.Ru».
Selected prizes and nominations.
Prizes:
Nominations:

</doc>
<doc id="20541569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541569" title="W road">
W road

W road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20541586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541586" title="Y road">
Y road

Y road may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20541599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541599" title="Pierre E. Belliveau">
Pierre E. Belliveau

Pierre E. Belliveau (May 18, 1896 – ) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Clare in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1953 to 1963 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Belliveau's Cove, Nova Scotia, the son of Isaie Beliveau and Alix Lombard. Belliveau was educated at the Collège Sainte-Anne and Dalhousie University. In 1924, he married Angèle Robichaud. He served as a director for "Le petit Courrier du Sud-Ouest de la Nouvelle-Écosse", later "Le Courrier de la Nouvelle-Écosse", at the time a small newssheet aimed at the local Acadian community.

</doc>
<doc id="20541619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541619" title="Blue Division (Second French Empire)">
Blue Division (Second French Empire)

Created during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870, the Blue Division is the name given to the division d'Infanterie de Marine which - for the first time in the history of the marines - joined 'marsouins' or marine infantry (4 regiments) and 'bigors' or marine artillery (1 regiment). 
Commanded by general de Vassoigne, it was made up of two brigades :
The Blue Division formed part of the 12th Army Corps under the command of Barthélémy Louis Joseph Lebrun, which was the last unit to arrive at Sedan after having made a last attempt to retreat with general de Wimpffen. It fought at Bazeilles on 31 August and 1 September 1870. The town was retaken and abandoned four times, with 2,655 French and 5,200 Bavarians dead, inspiring the patriotic painting "Les dernières cartouches" ("The Last Cartridges") by Alphonse de Neuville. Each year the marines celebrate the anniversary of the battle, ending the ceremonies with the unit's battle cry, "Au nom de dieu, vive la coloniale" ("In God's name, long live "La Coloniale"") - the unit had God Himself as its patron saint.

</doc>
<doc id="20541622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541622" title="Rudnik pri Radomljah">
Rudnik pri Radomljah

Rudnik pri Radomljah is dispersed settlement of isolated small farms on the hills above Volčji Potok in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Rudnik" to "Rudnik pri Radomljah" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20541638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541638" title="Tester Driven Development">
Tester Driven Development

Tester-driven development, or bug-driven development is an anti-pattern where the requirements are determined by bug reports or test results rather than for example the value or cost of a feature. 
It is a tongue-in-cheek reference to Test-driven development, a widely used methodology in Agile software practices. In test driven development tests are used to drive the implementation towards fulfilling the requirements. Tester-driven development instead shortcuts the process by removing the determination of requirements and letting the testers (or "QA") drive what they think the software should be through the QA process. 

</doc>
<doc id="20541653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541653" title="Spain women's national handball team">
Spain women's national handball team

The Spain women's national handball team is the national team of Spain. It is governed by the Royal Spanish Handball Federation and takes part in international team handball competitions.
Spain was the big surprise of the 2008 European Championship, making it to the final after beating Romania and Germany and getting a draw against Norway, all of which were expected to beat Spain. In the final, Spain once again met Norway. They couldn't repeat their efforts from the group stage, however, and lost 34–21.
Squad.
This is the squad for the 2013 World Women's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Jorge Dueñas
Notable players.
Players who have seen their individual performance recognized at international tournaments, either as Most Valuable Player or as a member of the All-Star Team.
Individual all-time records.
Most matches played.
Total number of matches played for the senior national team.
Last updated: 6 December 2013<br>Source: rfebm.com
Most goals scored.
Total number of goals scored in official matches only.
Last updated: 6 December 2013<br>Source: rfebm.com

</doc>
<doc id="20541659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541659" title="Hadleigh Farm">
Hadleigh Farm

Hadleigh Farm is an educational working farm and cross-country cycling venue located in Hadleigh, within the borough of Castle Point, in the county of Essex. The men's and women's mountain biking events of the 2012 Olympic Games took place at Hadleigh Farm on 11 and 12 August.
Site.
Hadleigh Farm is owned by the Salvation Army and run as an educational working farm. It features a rare breeds centre and tea room for visitors. The farm was purchased in 1891 by William Booth as part of a plan to rescue the destitute from the squalor of London. 
Hadleigh Farm overlooks the Thames Estuary to the south and adjoins Hadleigh Castle, built in the 1230s during the reign of King Henry III, and one of the most important late-medieval castles in Essex, now preserved by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. A portion of the mountain bike course for the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games crosses the adjacent Hadleigh Country Park, owned and managed by Essex County Council and a Site of Special Scientific Interest with special regard for invertebrates.
2012 Olympic Games.
Hadleigh Farm was confirmed in 2008 as the venue for the mountain biking competitions of the cycling programme of the 2012 Olympic Games. The original proposed venue at Weald Country Park had been deemed insufficiently challenging by the UCI, who were described as being delighted with Hadleigh. 
Temporary grandstands seating up to 3,000 people were erected for the Olympics.
It is as yet unknown what legacy will be left for mountain biking after the event. Hadleigh Farm is included within the "Essex Legacy" plans for regeneration in Essex.
Transport.
Plans for improving access to the site for the Olympics included the widening of Castle Lane and Chapel Lane in Hadleigh. The site is approximately five miles from London Southend Airport.
Hadleigh Farm lies along the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway line between Benfleet and Leigh-on-Sea railway stations.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20541664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541664" title="Global Benchmarking Network">
Global Benchmarking Network

The Global Benchmarking Network (GBN) is an alliance of leading benchmarking centres worldwide, which share a common vision and mission. Current membership comprises 20 benchmarking centres in 20 countries, which represent more than 30,000 businesses and government agencies. The GBN was founded in November 1994 by representatives from benchmarking centres in Germany, Italy, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Structure.
The GBN is a non-profit organization. Funding is raised from affiliates' annual fees and other sources approved at the annual meeting. It has a Chairman, a Vice Chairman, and a Secretary General.
Services.
The GBN was established to promote and to support these core benefits for its affiliates:

</doc>
<doc id="20541675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541675" title="1999 IIHF Women's World Championship">
1999 IIHF Women's World Championship

The 1999 IIHF World Women's Championships was held between March 8-March 14, 1999 in the city of Espoo in Finland. Team Canada won their 5th consecutive gold medal at the World Championships defeating the United States in a repeat of the previous four finals. Canada skated to a solid 3-1 victory in the final to take the gold with a solid performance that saw them winning all five games.
Finland picked up their fifth consecutive bronze medal, with a win over Sweden who had their strongest performance since 1992.
1999 Qualification Tournament.
The 1999 tournament created the format that has remained to the present, as the World Championships was greatly expanded to incorporate the European Championships and the Pacific Qualification Tournaments and there were a series of Qualification Tournaments Held to assign teams places in this first year, with the standard Promotion and Relegation model following after that.
First Qualification Tournament.
Standings.
Czech Republic and France advanced to the Final Qualification Tournament. "Slovakia" and "Netherlands" qualified for Group B.
Group A.
Standings.
Germany qualified for the World Championship. Russia advanced to the Playoff. "France" and "Denmark" qualified for Group B.
Group B.
Standings.
Suitzerland qualified for the World Championship. Norway advanced to the Playoff. "Czech Republic" and "Latvia" qualified for Group B.
Playoff.
The playoff was held two days after the main tournaments were finished in the town of Zuchwil in Switzerland
Russia qualified for the World Championship. "Norway" qualified for Group B.
World Championship Group A.
The eight participating teams were divided up into two seeded groups as below. The teams played each other once in a single round robin format. The top two teams from the group proceeded to the Final Round, while the remaining teams played in the Consolation Round.
First round.
Group A.
Results.
All times local
Group B.
Results.
All times local
World Championship Group B.
In addition to the main World Championships, this year saw the first running of World Championship Group B, which replaced the European Championships. Eight further teams played in this competition, hosted by France in the town of Colmar. won the tournament defeating in the final 7-1 to win the competition and to ensure their Promotion to the main World Championship in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20541681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541681" title="Kas Oosterhuis">
Kas Oosterhuis

Kas Oosterhuis is professor at the Faculty of Architecture, Delft University of Technology, as well as director of Hyperbody and the Protospace Laboratory for Collaborative Design and Engineering. His teaching and research is in the areas of interactive architecture, real time behaviour of buildings and environments, living building concepts, collaborative design, file to factory production and parametric design.
Born in 1951 in Amersfoort, Kas Oosterhuis studied architecture at the Delft University of Technology. Afterwards, he taught as unit master at the AA in London. From there, he worked and lived one year in the former studio of Theo van Doesburg in Paris, together with visual artist Ilona Lénárd. In 1989, he founded Kas Oosterhuis Architekten in Rotterdam (renamed to Oosterhuis Lénárd, or ONL, in 2004). Since 2000, Oosterhuis has been professor of digital design methods at the Delft University of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="20541685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541685" title="Cliff Collinson">
Cliff Collinson

Clifford "Cliff" Collinson (3 March 1920 – September 1990) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Manchester United during the 1946–47 season.
Born in Middlesbrough, in north-east England, Collinson was spotted playing for Urmston Boys Club towards the end of the Second World War and joined Manchester United as an amateur in May 1946. He turned professional in September 1946, before making his debut for the club in a scoreless draw away to Aston Villa on 2 November 1946. He went on a run of seven consecutive games, culminating with a 2–1 defeat to Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park on 14 December 1946. However, he was not able to claim the "number one" jersey from Jack Crompton on a regular basis and never played for the club again, fading into obscurity.

</doc>
<doc id="20541687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541687" title="Malcolm Stewart Leonard">
Malcolm Stewart Leonard

Malcolm Stewart Leonard (March 4, 1911 – 1962) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Digby in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1956 to 1960 as a Progressive Conservative member.
He was born in Paradise, Nova Scotia, the son of Robie Stewart Leonard and Ruby E. Darling. Leonard was educated at Acadia University and Dalhousie University. In 1938, he married Lillian Watkins. He was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1953. He was named Minister of Education in the province's Executive Council in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20541712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541712" title="PITZ">
PITZ

The Photo Injector Test Facility at the DESY location in Zeuthen (PITZ) was built in order to test and to optimize sources of high brightness electron beams for future "free electron lasers" (FELs) and linear colliders. The focus at PITZ is on the production of intense electron beams with very small transverse emittance and reasonably small longitudinal emittance which are required in order to meet the high-gain conditions of FEL operation. This challenge is met by applying the most advanced techniques in combination with key parameters of projects based on TESLA technology like FLASH and the XFEL.

</doc>
<doc id="20541725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541725" title="Shadows (The Getaway Plan song)">
Shadows (The Getaway Plan song)

"Shadows" is the third single to be taken from The Getaway Plan's debut album "Other Voices, Other Rooms". In Australia, only 1000 copies were made and the single is considered rare.
Charts.
As the single was limited to a distributed 1000 copies it mostly relied on downloads to chart. As the single was popular on radio, it was successful in charting.

</doc>
<doc id="20541734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541734" title="Fort Colcura">
Fort Colcura

Fort Colcura was a small fort that was the first Spanish settlement that existed in the commune of Lota, Chile. It was on a small height on the edge of the Bay of Arauco, a little more than two kilometers to the southeast of the modern city of Lota. From its position it dominated the north slope of cerro Marihueñu and the valley of Colcura in whose extreme west is the mouth of the riachuelo Colcura that empties into the cove of Colcura. This place was established as a small fort at the start of the conquest, and was several times destroyed by the Moluches and repaired. Following the Mapuche Uprising of 1598 it was rebuilt again in 1602 by governor Alonso de Ribera. After the Mapuche Insurrection of 1655, Pedro Porter Casanate built a new fortress of "San Miguel Arcángel de Colcura" on the same site in 1662.

</doc>
<doc id="20541737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541737" title="Mesropavan">
Mesropavan

Mesropavan (, ) is a historical village in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
Name.
Mesropavan is named after Mesrop Mashtots, founder of the Armenian Alphabet, who lived in the village for years in the 5th century.
History.
The region has numerous caves with interesting petroglyphs. Also there are remains of numerous old-age buildings and a monastery, where Mesrop Mashtots preached, build in 456 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="20541742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541742" title="Faisal bin Turki Al Faisal Al Saud">
Faisal bin Turki Al Faisal Al Saud

Faisal bin Turki Al Faisal Al Saud (born 27 March 1975), titled Prince Faisal bin Turki Al Faisal Al Saud, most commonly referenced as Faisal bin Turki. He is the eldest son of Prince Turki bin Faisal Al Saud and brother of Red Bull athlete Prince Abdulaziz. He is a member of the House of Saud, the Saudi Arabia royal family. Similar to his father, Prince Faisal bin Turki studied International Relations at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University. Faisal also studied at Calvin College, American Intercontinental University and the London School of Economics and Political Science, obtaining an MSc in Environmental Policy Planning and Regulation.
Global Strategic Studies Institute.
In 2007, Faisal founded the Global Strategic Studies Institute (GSSI) which is the first Saudi Arabian environmental NGO. The GSSI supports new mega projects, encouraging their development to have an environmentally friendly focus, through environment policy and directive guidelines. GSSI has commenced establishing a think tank that will be at the forefront of the implementation of renewable energy in the Middle East.
One of the GSSI's current projects is to build the first Saudi Arabian solar farm and factory on a plot outside of Riyadh. This project will be twice the size of the Masdar Environmental City being built in Abu Dhabi.
Faisal's concern for the environment was borne from both extensive academic research and a greater understanding of the importance of Saudi Arabia in the future of renewable energy.
GSSI has worked closely with First Energy Bank, the world’s first bank dedicated to alternative energy. In 2007, First Energy Bank sponsored the yacht of Faisal Bin Turki Al Faisal at the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s Sailing to Barcelona Initiative.
In November 2008 Faisal was invited as a guest of honour to attend the Global Summit for Ecology in Tokyo, Japan where both Al Gore and Michael Nobel Nobel Foundation were present as guest speakers. In 2008 GSSI also formed a strategic partnership with World Environment TV, a leading environmental broadcaster and is partnership with Dr Tom Kelly OBE CEO of the Stakeholder Group, a leading UK based Public Relations company.
He was the political attaché to the Saudi Embassy in the USA during the period when Bandar Bin Sultan was ambassador.
Environmental Positions.
Faisal bin Turki is the Director of Project Aware in association with PADI and the Saudi Arabian National Commission for Wild Life and Conservation.
In 1999, Faisal founded Blue Reef Divers which currently has three scuba diving schools across the Kingdom and runs a series of coastal conservation projects.
Faisal bin Turki is also the Co-Founder of F&F Law Firm and F&F Public Relations, which has since formed a partnership with the Stakeholder Group.
Quotes.
· "It helps to consider alternatives, which encourages the search for win-win options that open up opportunities for new developments such as the new five economic cities in Saudi Arabia.”
· "As Saudis, we have to admit to the errors which have been carried out in the past due to the lack of environmental awareness or planning. We must learn from those past mistakes and begin to build a newer, greener kingdom."
·"What distinguishes our institute from other similar groups is that we cover a global arena and we bring and build all of the technologies with strategic partners to implement and own the projects in Saudi Arabia in order to make the kingdom the most advanced country in the world in environmental activities."
References.
Haute Living Magazine [http://www.hauteliving.com/ny/aprilmay-2008-sharp/will-the-saudi’s-go-green/]
International Herald Tribune [http://www.iht.com/articles/2009/01/09/business/greengulf.php]
World Future Energy Summit [http://www.worldfutureenergysummit.com/]
External links.
Global Strategic Studies Institute [http://www.globalssi.eu]
F&F Law Firm [http://www.alfarhan-law.net]
F&F Public Relations [http://www.ff-publicrelations.com/]
World Environment TV [http://www.worldenvironment.tv/]
Our Publication 'The OPEC Story' [http://www.books.iupindia.org/newarticle.asp?isbn=978-81-314-2216-8&basket_id=/]

</doc>
<doc id="20541767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541767" title="Anne Arundel County Free School">
Anne Arundel County Free School

Anne Arundel County Free School is a historic school building at Davidsonville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. The first Free School of Anne Arundel County was established by an Act of the General Assembly of colonial Maryland in 1723. It was built somewhere between its contractual date of 1724 and 1746 when it was under full operation with John Wilmot as schoolmaster. The existing abandoned building is 49' x 18', and consists of six rooms on two floors. It was built "as near the center of the county as may be, and as may be the most convenient for the boarding of children." The county then included what is now Howard County. It remained in operation until 1912 when the movement toward consolidation forced the closure of many early school buildings. It is the only surviving schoolhouse erected in Maryland in response to the Maryland Free School Act of 1723.
It may have served a prominent role in history as Johns Hopkins likely attended the school from 1806 to 1809. Later, when Hopkins's abolitionist parents freed their slaves, he was forced to quit school and work in their tobacco fields. His great value for education later led to his founding of The Johns Hopkins University.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The school is now a museum owned by the local board of education. It is open for school groups and seasonally on Sunday afternoons. It is taken care of by the Anne Arundel Retired Educators Association.
Recently, there has been improvements made to the building and surrounding grounds. One of these improvements is an implementation of a gravel walkway leading to the building from the road. The walkway was created as part of an Eagle scout project by a local Boy Scout.

</doc>
<doc id="20541768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541768" title="Brick Court Chambers">
Brick Court Chambers

Brick Court Chambers is a set of barristers' chambers in London. It specialises in Commercial, EU, Competition and Public Law work. It is considered to be part of the Bar's Magic Circle.
Currently comprising 81 full-time members, 36 of whom are Queen's Counsel, including well-known silk Sir Sydney Kentridge QC (a former Acting Justice of the Constitutional Court of South Africa). The current heads of chambers are Jonathan Hirst QC and Helen Davies QC. The current senior clerks are Ian Moyler and Julian Hawes.
At the 2012 Lawyer Awards it was awarded ‘Chambers of the Year’.
Notable former members include Lord Sumption, Lord Phillips, Sir Richard Aikens.

</doc>
<doc id="20541772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541772" title="Sela pri Kamniku">
Sela pri Kamniku

Sela pri Kamniku is small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church, dedicated to the Virgin Mary, is first mentioned in documents from 1232 and was Romanesque in its origins, although it has been frequently rebuilt and expanded, most recently in 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="20541773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541773" title="Wind turbine">
Wind turbine

A wind turbine is a device that converts kinetic energy from the wind into electrical power. A wind turbine used for charging batteries may be referred to as a wind charger.
The result of over a millennium of windmill development and modern engineering, today's wind turbines are manufactured in a wide range of vertical and horizontal axis types. The smallest turbines are used for applications such as battery charging for auxiliary power for boats or caravans or to power traffic warning signs. Slightly larger turbines can be used for making small contributions to a domestic power supply while selling unused power back to the utility supplier via the electrical grid. Arrays of large turbines, known as wind farms, are becoming an increasingly important source of renewable energy and are used by many countries as part of a strategy to reduce their reliance on fossil fuels.
History.
Windmills were used in Persia (present-day Iran) as early as 200 B.C. The windwheel of Heron of Alexandria marks one of the first known instances of wind powering a machine in history. However, the first known practical windmills were built in Sistan, an Eastern province of Iran, from the 7th century. These "Panemone" were vertical axle windmills, which had long vertical driveshafts with rectangular blades. Made of six to twelve sails covered in reed matting or cloth material, these windmills were used to grind grain or draw up water, and were used in the gristmilling and sugarcane industries.
Windmills first appeared in Europe during the middle ages. The first historical records of their use in England date to the 11th or 12th centuries and there are reports of German crusaders taking their windmill-making skills to Syria around 1190. By the 14th century, Dutch windmills were in use to drain areas of the Rhine delta.
The first electricity-generating wind turbine was a battery charging machine installed in July 1887 by Scottish academic James Blyth to light his holiday home in Marykirk, Scotland. Some months later American inventor Charles F Brush built the first automatically operated wind turbine for electricity production in Cleveland, Ohio. Although Blyth's turbine was considered uneconomical in the United Kingdom electricity generation by wind turbines was more cost effective in countries with widely scattered populations.
In Denmark by 1900, there were about 2500 windmills for mechanical loads such as pumps and mills, producing an estimated combined peak power of about 30 MW. The largest machines were on towers with four-bladed diameter rotors. By 1908 there were 72 wind-driven electric generators operating in the US from 5 kW to 25 kW. Around the time of World War I, American windmill makers were producing 100,000 farm windmills each year, mostly for water-pumping.
By the 1930s, wind generators for electricity were common on farms, mostly in the United States where distribution systems had not yet been installed. In this period, high-tensile steel was cheap, and the generators were placed atop prefabricated open steel lattice towers.
A forerunner of modern horizontal-axis wind generators was in service at Yalta, USSR in 1931. This was a 100 kW generator on a tower, connected to the local 6.3 kV distribution system. It was reported to have an annual capacity factor of 32 per cent, not much different from current wind machines.
In the fall of 1941, the first megawatt-class wind turbine was synchronized to a utility grid in Vermont. The Smith-Putnam wind turbine only ran for 1,100 hours before suffering a critical failure. The unit was not repaired because of shortage of materials during the war.
The first utility grid-connected wind turbine to operate in the UK was built by John Brown & Company in 1951 in the Orkney Islands.
Despite these diverse developments, developments in fossil fuel systems almost entirely eliminated any wind turbine systems larger than supermicro size. In the early 1970s, however, anti-nuclear protests in Denmark spurred artisan mechanics to develop microturbines of 22 kW. The organizing of owners into associations and co-operatives lead to the lobbying of the government and utilities, which incentivized larger turbines throughout the 1980s and afterwards. Local activists in Germany, nascent turbine manufacturers in Spain, and large investors in the U.S. in the early 1990s then lobbied for policies which stimulated the industry in those countries. Later companies formed in India and China. As of 2012, Danish company Vestas is the world's biggest wind-turbine manufacturer.
Resources.
A quantitative measure of the wind energy available at any location is called the Wind Power Density (WPD) It is a calculation of the mean annual power available per square meter of swept area of a turbine, and is tabulated for different heights above ground. Calculation of wind power density includes the effect of wind velocity and air density. Color-coded maps are prepared for a particular area described, for example, as "Mean Annual Power Density at 50 Metres". In the United States, the results of the above calculation are included in an index developed by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and referred to as "NREL CLASS". The larger the WPD calculation, the higher it is rated by class. Classes range from Class 1 (200 watts per square meter or less at 50 m altitude) to Class 7 (800 to 2000 watts per square m). Commercial wind farms generally are sited in Class 3 or higher areas, although isolated points in an otherwise Class 1 area may be practical to exploit.
Wind turbines are classified by the wind speed they are designed for, from class I to class IV, with A or B referring to the turbulence.
Efficiency.
Not all the energy of blowing wind can be harvested, since conservation of mass requires that as much mass of air exits the turbine as enters it. Betz' law gives the maximal achievable extraction of wind power by a wind turbine as 59% of the total kinetic energy of the air flowing through the turbine.
Further inefficiencies, such as rotor blade friction and drag, gearbox losses, generator and converter losses, reduce the power delivered by a wind turbine. Commercial utility-connected turbines deliver about 75% of the Betz limit of power extractable from the wind, at rated operating speed.
Efficiency can decrease slightly over time due to wear. Analysis of 3128 wind turbines older than 10 years in Denmark showed that half of the turbines had no decrease, while the other half saw a production decrease of 1.2% per year.
Types.
Wind turbines can rotate about either a horizontal or a vertical axis, the former being both older and more common.
Horizontal axis.
Horizontal-axis wind turbines (HAWT) have the main rotor shaft and electrical generator at the top of a tower, and must be pointed into the wind. Small turbines are pointed by a simple wind vane, while large turbines generally use a wind sensor coupled with a servo motor. Most have a gearbox, which turns the slow rotation of the blades into a quicker rotation that is more suitable to drive an electrical generator.
Since a tower produces turbulence behind it, the turbine is usually positioned upwind of its supporting tower. Turbine blades are made stiff to prevent the blades from being pushed into the tower by high winds. Additionally, the blades are placed a considerable distance in front of the tower and are sometimes tilted forward into the wind a small amount.
Downwind machines have been built, despite the problem of turbulence (mast wake), because they don't need an additional mechanism for keeping them in line with the wind, and because in high winds the blades can be allowed to bend which reduces their swept area and thus their wind resistance. Since cyclical (that is repetitive) turbulence may lead to fatigue failures, most HAWTs are of upwind design.
Turbines used in wind farms for commercial production of electric power are usually three-bladed and pointed into the wind by computer-controlled motors. These have high tip speeds of over , high efficiency, and low torque ripple, which contribute to good reliability. The blades are usually colored white for daytime visibility by aircraft and range in length from or more. The tubular steel towers range from tall. The blades rotate at 10 to 22 revolutions per minute. At 22 rotations per minute the tip speed exceeds . A gear box is commonly used for stepping up the speed of the generator, although designs may also use direct drive of an annular generator. Some models operate at constant speed, but more energy can be collected by variable-speed turbines which use a solid-state power converter to interface to the transmission system. All turbines are equipped with protective features to avoid damage at high wind speeds, by feathering the blades into the wind which ceases their rotation, supplemented by brakes.
Vertical axis design.
Vertical-axis wind turbines (or VAWTs) have the main rotor shaft arranged vertically. One advantage of this arrangement is that the turbine does not need to be pointed into the wind to be effective, which is an advantage on a site where the wind direction is highly variable, for example when the turbine is integrated into a building. Also, the generator and gearbox can be placed near the ground, using a direct drive from the rotor assembly to the ground-based gearbox, improving accessibility for maintenance.
The key disadvantages include the relatively low rotational speed with the consequential higher torque and hence higher cost of the drive train, the inherently lower power coefficient, the 360 degree rotation of the aerofoil within the wind flow during each cycle and hence the highly dynamic loading on the blade, the pulsating torque generated by some rotor designs on the drive train, and the difficulty of modelling the wind flow accurately and hence the challenges of analysing and designing the rotor prior to fabricating a prototype.
When a turbine is mounted on a rooftop the building generally redirects wind over the roof and this can double the wind speed at the turbine. If the height of a rooftop mounted turbine tower is approximately 50% of the building height it is near the optimum for maximum wind energy and minimum wind turbulence. Wind speeds within the built environment are generally much lower than at exposed rural sites, noise may be a concern and an existing structure may not adequately resist the additional stress.
Subtypes of the vertical axis design include:
Another type of vertical axis is the Parallel turbine, which is similar to the crossflow fan or centrifugal fan. It uses the ground effect. Vertical axis turbines of this type have been tried for many years: a unit producing 10 kW was built by Israeli wind pioneer Bruce Brill in the 1980s.
Design and construction.
Wind turbines are designed to exploit the wind energy that exists at a location. Aerodynamic modelling is used to determine the optimum tower height, control systems, number of blades and blade shape.
Wind turbines convert wind energy to electricity for distribution. Conventional horizontal axis turbines can be divided into three components:
A 1.5 MW wind turbine of a type frequently seen in the United States has a tower high. The rotor assembly (blades and hub) weighs . The nacelle, which contains the generator component, weighs . The concrete base for the tower is constructed using of reinforcing steel and contains of concrete. The base is in diameter and thick near the center.
Among all renewable energy systems wind turbines have the highest effective intensity of power-harvesting surface because turbine blades not only harvest wind power, but also concentrate it.
Unconventional designs.
One E-66 wind turbine at Windpark Holtriem, Germany, carries an observation deck, open for visitors. Another turbine of the same type, with an observation deck, is located in Swaffham, England. Airborne wind turbines have been investigated many times but have yet to produce significant energy. Conceptually, wind turbines may also be used in conjunction with a large vertical solar updraft tower to extract the energy due to air heated by the sun.
Wind turbines which utilise the Magnus effect have been developed.
The ram air turbine is a specialist form of small turbine that is fitted to some aircraft. When deployed, the RAT is spun by the airstream going past the aircraft and can provide power for the most essential systems if there is a loss of all on–board electrical power.
Wind turbines on public display.
A few localities have exploited the attention-getting nature of wind turbines by placing them on public display, either with visitor centers around their bases, or with viewing areas farther away. The wind turbines themselves are generally of conventional horizontal-axis, three-bladed design, and generate power to feed electrical grids, but they also serve the unconventional roles of technology demonstration, public relations, and education.
Small wind turbines.
Small wind turbines may be used for a variety of applications including on- or off-grid residences, telecom towers, offshore platforms, rural schools and clinics, remote monitoring and other purposes that require energy where there is no electric grid, or where the grid is unstable. Small wind turbines may be as small as a fifty-watt generator for boat or caravan use. Hybrid solar and wind powered units are increasingly being used for traffic signage, particularly in rural locations, as they avoid the need to lay long cables from the nearest mains connection point. The U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) defines small wind turbines as those smaller than or equal to 100 kilowatts. Small units often have direct drive generators, direct current output, aeroelastic blades, lifetime bearings and use a vane to point into the wind.
Larger, more costly turbines generally have geared power trains, alternating current output, flaps and are actively pointed into the wind. Direct drive generators and aeroelastic blades for large wind turbines are being researched.
Wind turbine spacing.
On most horizontal windturbine farms, a spacing of about 6-10 times the rotor diameter is often upheld. However, for large wind farms distances of about 15 rotor diameters should be more economically optimal, taking into account typical wind turbine and land costs. This conclusion has been reached by research conducted by Charles Meneveau of the Johns Hopkins University, and Johan Meyers of Leuven University in Belgium, based on computer simulations that take into account the detailed interactions among wind turbines (wakes) as well as with the entire turbulent atmospheric boundary layer. Moreover, recent research by John Dabiri of Caltech suggests that vertical wind turbines may be placed much more closely together so long as an alternating pattern of rotation is created allowing blades of neighbouring turbines to move in the same direction as they approach one another.
Wind turbine braking system.
Wind Turbines disc pads are formulated with ceramic compounds and brass chips instead of the commonly
used semi-metallic pads steel fibers.
The brass chips are able to transfer heat into the ceramic pad which acts like a heat sink then dissipates back into the
rotor and atmosphere once the brakes have been released. Along with “Time –Released Lubricants” allowing the ceramic
pads to handle higher brake temperatures with less heat fade, protecting the calipers and pistons. A cooler running disc 
pad generates less wear on both pads rotors.
Wind Turbine Friction Material.
1.- GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
The most used formula for windturbines applications is P-469 it is a molded antispark friction material developed specially for 
wind turbines, is NAO gray color material, made with aramidic fibers, high grade graphites, phenolic resins and special 
materials to improve friction stability and high durability. 
2.- APPLICATION 
This antispark friction material is developed for high durability and high performance, specially for critical conditions.
End of Warranty Inspection.
In order to ensure an effective and cost-efficient operation of wind turbines, it is indispensable to fix any deficiencies and failures of wind turbine critical components within the warranty period as well as establish warranty claims. 

</doc>
<doc id="20541787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541787" title="Barthélémy Louis Joseph Lebrun">
Barthélémy Louis Joseph Lebrun

Barthélémy Louis Joseph Lebrun (22 October 1809, Landrecies - 6 October 1889, Paris) was a French Army officer of the Second French Empire.
Life.
Entering the école spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr in 1829, he left it as a sous-lieutenant in 1831. Promoted to lieutenant in 1834, then to captain, he served in the 5th Dragoon Regiment. A chef d'escadrons on the 1848 Revolution, he was beside general Négrier when the latter was wounded. He then participated in the siege of Rome in 1849 as chef d'état-major of the second division of the French expeditionary corps in the Mediterranean. Promoted to lieutenant-colonel, he was attached to the Constantine division as chef d'état major in 1852. Rising to colonel in January 1855, he fought in the Crimean War as chef d'état-major of the 2nd and then the 1st division of II Corps. Chef d'état-major to general Mac Mahon in 1855 in Algeria, he was then given the same post in the Paris division two years later. Made a general in 1858 he fought in the battles of , and . 
Chef d'état-major of the Imperial Guard in 1860, he was promoted to général de division in 1866 before becoming emperor's aide-de-camp in 1868. In 1870, he was given a diplomatic mission to Vienna before becoming chief aide-major-général of the armée du Rhin in 1870. He then commanded XII Corps in 1870, heading it in the battles of Beaumont, Mouzon, (where he commanded the Blue Division) and finally . He was held as a prisoner of war on the Iges peninsula (wishing to remain with his men) then in Germany at Koblenz then Aix-la-Chapelle. On his release he served in several roles, such as member of the Mixed Commission on Public Works, inspector general to the staff training school, president of the commission de révision du règlement sur le service des places, member of the defence committee and president of the commission on reorganisation of the army staff. He was also the author of several documents and books. He took command of III Corps from 1873 to 1879, when he retired, dying ten years later and being buried at the cemetery in his birthplace.

</doc>
<doc id="20541789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541789" title="Croatia women's national handball team">
Croatia women's national handball team

The Croatia women's national handball team is the national team of Croatia. It is governed by the Croatian Handball Federation and takes part in international team handball competitions.
Results.
Prior to 1992 Croatia women's national handball team competed as a part of Yugoslavia women's national handball team.
Competitions Croatia women's national handball team has never qualified for or competed at:

</doc>
<doc id="20541811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541811" title="Andamej">
Andamej

Andamej (, ), a village in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
In the beginning of 20th century Andamej had a church St. Astvatsatsin in the center of settlement. It was built yet in the early Christian period, rebuilt in 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20541812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541812" title="Airjack (device driver)">
Airjack (device driver)

AirJack is a device driver (or suite of device drivers) for IEEE 802.11(a/b/g) raw frame injection and reception. It is meant as a development tool for all manner of 802.11 applications that need to access the raw protocol.

</doc>
<doc id="20541834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541834" title="Wiley H. Bates High School">
Wiley H. Bates High School

Wiley H. Bates High School is a historic black school building in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It was completed in 1932, and replaced the original Annapolis Colored High School. The school building is named after Wiley H. Bates, a prominent African-American businessman and community leader whose financial donations enabled the school to be built.
The original portion of the building is a flat-roofed, two-story building of brick and masonry bearing walls and wood frame floor and roof structure in Colonial Revival style. First-floor classrooms were added to both the north and south sections in 1937, and second-floor classrooms were added in 1945. Additional teaching facilities were added in 1950, in a simplified International or Modern style.
The building continued in use as a high school until the late 1960s, when it became Bates Junior High School, which subsequently closed at this location in 1981 and then reopened as Bates Middle School at the nearby vacated building of Annapolis High School. Prior to desegregation in 1966, Bates was the only public school in the county that African-American students could attend for a secondary level education.
The site is now known as Wiley H. Bates Heritage Park. The building has been repurposed into 71 senior housing units, a senior center, a boys and girls club, and a museum dedicated to Annapolis merchant and civic leader Wiley H. Bates.
Wiley H. Bates High School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20541845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541845" title="Ramis, Armenia">
Ramis, Armenia

Ramis (, ), ancient settlement in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
Numerous ruins found here prove that people used to live here yet before the Christ. Up to the first quarter of 20th century many Armenian families lived here, who then left this place. Here ruins of churches, mills, fortresses and St. Astvatsatsin church are found. The latter was built on the place of ancient pagan religious building.

</doc>
<doc id="20541865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541865" title="Mont Bessou viewing tower">
Mont Bessou viewing tower

The Mont Bessou viewing tower is a purpose-built panoramic tower, north of the town of Meymac in the Corrèze department of the Limousin (region) of France
Location.
The tower is situated in the Forest of Mirambel, on the raised south-eastern edge of the Plateau de Millevaches. It is set in an area of woodland belonging jointly to the department of Corrèze and the commune of Meymac, at an altitude of approximately 1000 metres. It overlooks and affords wide vistas across the lower area between the plateau and the Cantal mountains. Both the town of Meymac and the more distant and larger town of Ussel are easily visible.
History.
The tower was planned on the initiative of the departmental and regional councils. The consulting architect was François Bonnin. It was opened on 17 June 2005.
Construction.
The construction of the tower was deliberately planned as a bringing together of modern design and traditional local materials. It is built of Douglas fir, braced with steel cables, and is triangular in plan. 188 steps and six intervening landings, take the visitor to the main viewing platform, which is 26 metres above the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20541876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541876" title="Sidol">
Sidol

Sidol is small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies in a small enclosed valley in the hills above Šmartno v Tuhinju. It includes the hamlet of Jevnik ().
Name.
Sidol was first mentioned in written sources in 1291 and circa 1400 as "Suchidol" (and as "Suchwdol" in 1477, as "Sihidal" in 1664, and as "s Sidala" in 1769). The name is a dialect contraction of "Suhi dol" (literally, 'dry valley'; "Suhí dôl" > "Shídol" > "Sídol"). The name refers to the local geography because there is no spring in Sidol.
Mass grave.
Sidol is the site of a mass grave from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Jevnik Mass Grave () is located in a meadow south of the hamlet of Jevnik, about 10 m from the road. It contains the remains of Croatian soldiers, civilians, and Slovenes that were imprisoned at Šmartno v Tuhinju and murdered on 13 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20541890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541890" title="François-Marie-Casimir Négrier">
François-Marie-Casimir Négrier

François-Marie-Casimir Négrier (27 April 1788, Le Mans - 25 June 1848, Lille) was a French general who fought in the Napoleonic Wars and the 1848 Revolution. Aged 12 he accompanied Jean Lannes on his embassy to Portugal. From 1830 he was colonel of the 54th Infantry Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="20541894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541894" title="Smrečje v Črni">
Smrečje v Črni

Smrečje v Črni is small settlement under the Črnivec Pass in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Smrečje" to "Smrečje v Črni" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20541901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541901" title="Argentina women's national handball team">
Argentina women's national handball team

The Argentina women's national handball team is the national team of Argentina. It is governed by the "Confederacion Argentina de Handball" and takes part in international team handball competitions.
Squad.
Roster for the 2013 World Women's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Eduardo Peruchena

</doc>
<doc id="20541904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541904" title="First Avenue School">
First Avenue School

First Avenue School is a historic school building at Glen Burnie, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a large classically inspired building prominently situated on a mostly residential street, one block west of Glen Burnie's central business district. It was built and probably designed by Edward Woodfall, a noted local architect and builder. The school has two sections; one built in 1899 and a second in 1917. The first section is a brick, one-story, two-room, hip-roofed building now serves as a rear wing to the 1917 addition. The large two-story brick gable-roofed Classical Revival-style addition more than quadrupled the school's size. After closure as a school, the building was used as a beauty school and church, and is being converted to condominiums.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20541907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541907" title="Forum of Private Business">
Forum of Private Business

The Forum of Private Business or FPB is a UK-based membership organisation which campaigns for the interests of small and medium-sized businesses. A member-funded organisation, it offers practical business advice and help, as well as offering a range of products and services to help its members save money. The FPB was established in 1977, is a non-party political organisation and represents over 25,000 UK businesses.
Background.
The FPB was founded by Stan Mendham in 1977. Previously, Mendham had run an engineering business but was becoming increasingly concerned by the lack of understanding of smaller businesses in the economy and mounting red tape. He studied member-based organisations for smaller businesses in America and Canada, and decided to create a British equivalent.
Mendham wanted the FPB to always represent accurately the views of its members. To do this, he started an approach to campaigns based on information collected through regular surveys. The FPB calls them referendums, and they are completed every three months.
The company is based in Knutsford, Cheshire, but works with businesses across the UK.
Services and products.
Lobbying work.
The organization actively creates proposals, informative summaries, an other information that it distributes to various parts of the UK government to influence government processes in ways that benefit its members.
Website.
The FPB website offers a variety of services, some free, and some requiring paid membership. Daily updated business news is available on the main site. "Hot tips" articles are brief informative articles designed to help businesses, and include neither press releases nor advertisements. A variety of tools and calculators that are useful for daily business operations are also available. 
Other services.
The FPB offer a range of up to date business guides to help businesses including a credit control guide, an Employment guide, and a health and safety guide. They also offer both free and paid business templates that cover a variety of business forms, procedures, and documentation that may be of use to private businesses.
Charity work.
The FPB supports the Children's Cancer and Leukaemia Group (CCLG) as its chosen charity. FPB employees are committed to generating funds to support the Group's work and also increasing the nation's awareness of the charity and its activities, which include improving the management of children with cancer and advancing the knowledge and study of childhood malignancy.
FPB employees have previously raised several thousands of pounds for the charity by taking part in the Wilmslow Half-Marathon, hiking to the summit of Snowdon in North Wales and taking part in the three peaks challenge.
Most recently, eight female staff members raised over £1,500 by taking part in a sponsored walk with a difference along the Wirral Way, Merseyside, in a three-legged relay.

</doc>
<doc id="20541910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541910" title="5th Dragoon Regiment">
5th Dragoon Regiment

The 5th Dragoon Regiment ("5e Régiment de Dragons" or "5e RD") was a cavalry unit in the French Army, created under the Ancien Régime in 1656 and dissolved in 2003. This regiment has a double heritage.
History.
As part of Napoleon's "Grande Armée" it fought at Wertingen, Auterlitz in 1805, Nasielsk in 1806, Eylau, and the Battle of Friedland in 1807.
In 1815, during the Waterloo campaign of the Hundred Days, the regiment was at the Battle of Ligny and the Battle of Waterloo
World War I.
On July 31, 1914, the regiment was assigned to the Sordet cavalry corps brigades the 21st Dragoon at the 5th Division of General Lastour.
In August, it participated in the raid on Belgium which led to the siege of Liège, then Neufchâteau, Fleurus and Orbais, and then was back in France in Maubeuge on August 21. From August 23 to September 4, the regiment covered the retreat of the French Army after the defeat at the Battle of Charleroi. The regiment was near Versailles on September 5. In the First Battle of the Marne, September 5 to 14, the 5th Dragoon was engaged in Betz, Nanteuil, Margny, Rosière and Senlis. Following these successes, the regiment received the honour of adding "L'Ourcq 1914" on its banner.
In the "Race to the Sea" from September 14, the 5th Dragoons crossed the Somme in Péronne, fighting in the First Battle of Arras, Picardy, in Lens on October 4, an attack by foot in Riez-Bailleul where it pushed the enemy back several kilometres.
On November 11, it arrived near Ypres, where it dug in the trenches.
In February 1915, the regiment embarked for Champagne, then in March for the Vosges, where it has the honour of inscribing "Vosges 1915" on its banner. In May, the 5th Dragoon is in Amiens, in June in Artois where it goes back to serving in the trenches.
1916: The regiment still serves in the trenches, in groups of 200 men. Colonel Massiat replace Colonel Dauve at the commandment of the regiment.
1917: On March 19, the 5th Dragoon reaches Noyon, where it is employed in discovery missions in the surroundings of Chauny-Tergnier and then, by foot, goes back in the trenches in the Coucy sector. On August 15, Lieutenant-Colonel Bucant succeeds to Colonel Massiat.
1918: Until the end of May, the regiment remains inactive, stationed for rest. On March 18, a new change in the corps commandment brings Lieutement-Colonel Letexerant at the head of the 5th Dragoon.
On May 28, the regiment brings itself towards Meaux, after a long horse march. The 5th Dragoon sets foot in Mareuil and occupies Montigny. On June 2, it attacks the enemy by foot in Marizy and Passy-en-Valois. This surprise attack, without artillery preparation, stops the progression of German troops. In July, in Villesaint, the Germans, who had taken over Dermans and Château-Tierry and has crossed the Marne are driven back, after several counter-attacks, by-foot members of the 5th Dragoon. On July 17, the regiment participates in the recapture of Œuilly and to the enemy's rejection on the Marne. The Second Battle of the Marne is won and the banner now bears the name of that victory: "La Marne 1918". The Germans are retreating and the 5th Dragoon is informed of the victory a few kilometres before Nancy on November 11, 1918.
The 5th Dragoon Regiment participated in the final offensive, entering the Palatinate on December 6 and was stationed in Pirmasens from December to January 1919, then in Landau in February, then Nierstein Oppenhiem on the Rhine in July 1919. In September, the regiment settles in Worms, then Düsseldorf. It was not until 1925 that the 5th Dragoon returned to France, first in Auxonne and the in Gray, where it wasdisbanded on October 28, 1928.
In November 1929 the regimental banner was entrusted to the 5e Battaillon de dragons portés, a unit that had just been created, on March 9, 1929, replacing the 6e groupe de Chasseurs Cyclistes.
World War II.
In 1939 the "5e bataillon de dragons portés" was transformed into the "5th Dragoon Regiment". As part of the 1st Cavalry Division it embarked for Aisne on August 27.
Following a reorganization in 1940 it passed in the 11th B.L.M. of the Arras General in February. On May 10, it is in Revin, crossed over the Meuse in Dinan and foght in Belgium until May 15, where it participated in the beautiful feat of arms of Morville which allowed the banner to bear the inscription "Meuse 1940". Significantly diminished, the remaining elements pulled back and took position from Hirson, after which they regrouped in Le Nouvion on May 16. On May 17, they settle as support in Oisy. On May 18, what remained of the regiment, 10 officers and 130 brigadiers and dragoons carrying about 5 cartridges each, withdraw in Bohain. While moving, they were intercepted by German tanks. After this last combat with no ammunition left, they remaining elements were taken prisoner. The survivors and the regimentary batch withdraw in la Souterraine, where the regiment is disbanded. The banner was taken from the Germans and hidden in the castle of Meyrieu, where it remained until the Libération.
Following the model of the armistice army, the regiment was reformed in Mâcon in August 1940. On November 8, 1942, following the Anglo-American invasion of French North Africa, the regiment was sent to Toulon to participate in costal defence, which lasted 10 days. Under Case Anton, the Germans occupied Vichy France and the regiment was disarmed at Macon on September 27.
The Resistance.
Most of the demobilized fight in clandestinely. Many of them, arrested by the Gestapo are tortured, massacred or die in deportation. Their sacrifice allows for the inscription "Résistance Bourgogne 1944" on their banner. The 5th in resistance participation to the liberation of Mâcon, Chalon-sur-Saône and Autun. In September 1944, reconstituted in G.R.D., it holds the sector of the Beaufortin in the Alps and fights in the Unbaye. On April 22 and 23, 1944, it takes the La Roche-la-Croix and Saint-Ours forts and participates in the capture of the Col de Larche. On Easter Monday of 1945 in Chambéry, General de Gaulle gives the banner back to the regiment. The 5th Dragoon is transformed into two squadrons of Hotchkiss tanks and two of de-reconnaissance on Bren Carriers.
From French North Africa to today.
In July 1994, the land army reorganization put the regiment into the 27th Mountain Infantry Division. It became the armored regiment of the division with its headquarters in Grenoble.
Filiation.
Double heritage:
Corps chiefs.
Colonel Generals (from 1668)
Banner.
"It bears, sewed in golden letters in its layers, the following inscriptions:
Decorations.
"Its tie is decorated":
Badges.
Heraldry.
The first badge was designed in 1929 by Captain Lemaire. It represented an "azure star kept in a giant ivory number 5- the badge being entirely enamelled and unframed".
The last badge to be used was created in 1965. It features the model helmet from 1874, with which the Dragoons went to the front in 1914. The mane was exaggeratedly widened in order to accommodate the crowned monogram of king Louis XIV, framing the number 5. The inscription on the edging reminds us that the regiment was created in 1668 to be attached to the responsibility of the Colonel General of the Dragoons created the same year for the benefit of the famous Duke of Lauzun.

</doc>
<doc id="20541927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541927" title="Rex Davidson">
Rex Davidson

Thomas Rex Davidson (born 30 July 1927, in Campbell Town, Tasmania) was a Tasmanian cricket player, who played first class cricket for Tasmania twelve times between the 1949–50 season and the 1955–56 season. He and Bertie Brownlow alternated in that period as the side's wicket-keeper. Brownlow was preferred for his skills behind the stumps, whereas Davidson proved to be the better batsman of the two, contributing to the lower order with scores of over 50 on four occasions. Davidson filled in as captain of the side for two games in the 1952–53 season, due to the absence through injury of then permanent captain Emerson Rodwell, but Tasmania lost both games under his captaincy.

</doc>
<doc id="20541930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541930" title="Badshah Nagar">
Badshah Nagar

Badshah Nagar () is a residential area in trans-gomti of Lucknow near Badshah Nagar railway station. 
Most of the buildings in Badshah Nagar are constructed by the government for its employees. Apart from residential buildings there are some commercial constructions also present. 

</doc>
<doc id="20541936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541936" title="Hello, Schoolgirl">
Hello, Schoolgirl

Hello, Schoolgirl (; literally "pure/romantic comic," the Korean version of shōjo manga) is a 2008 South Korean film. Adapted from "Love Story", a popular webcomic by Kang Full, it is the second film directed by Ryoo Jang-ha. It stars Yoo Ji-tae, Lee Yeon-hee, Chae Jung-an, and Kang-in.
Plot.
Kwon Yeon-woo is a somewhat naive 30-year-old low-level civil servant who works in a city hall branch office. After moving into a new apartment, he encounters a high school girl, Soo-young, and sees her on his way to work every morning. She is a cheerful and eccentric 18-year-old who lives with her mother downstairs from him. Over time, the two begin to develop feelings for one another.
Meanwhile, 22-year-old Kang Sook, has just started working at the branch office. He falls head over heels for 29-year-old Kwon Ha-kyeong, a melancholy woman who wanders around taking pictures. She is still holding onto an old flame, and keeps looking for traces of that lost love every day. Kang Sook continues to woo her, regardless of her living in the past.
Can these two relationships ever lead to a happy ending?
Production.
"Hello Schoolgirl" is the second feature film directed by Ryoo Jang-ha, following his 2004 debut "Springtime". The film is adapted from the first webcomic by Kang Full, which was serialized on Daum and attracted a record-breaking 60 million page views and 500,000 visitor comments. As with the comic, the story of the film revolves around two unconventional romances with a noticeable age disparity, though other details of the original serial were changed, such as setting the story in the summer as opposed to winter. The script took two years to complete, and filming commenced on April 1, 2008. 
Release.
"Hello, Schoolgirl" was released in South Korea on November 27, 2008, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 309,065 admissions. As of December 21, the film had received a total of 740,379 admissions.
Critical reception.
Joon Soh of "The Korea Times" praised the film for retaining the essence of the comic despite deviations from the original story, saying, "Ryoo succeeds in capturing the tenderness of the online comic, which slowly comes to the surface as the relationships unfold. There is a rich, layered quality to the film, where each little decision or gesture leads to further meanings and possibilities"; however, he also noted that "there are times when the movie aims too much for the conventionally beautiful, sacrificing the awkward, self-deprecating humor that drives much of Kang Full's works."

</doc>
<doc id="20541945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541945" title="Mtsghun">
Mtsghun

Mtsghun (, ), an ancient settlement in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad Rayon of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
The settlement was destroyed yet in Middle-Ages. It was once famous for its church of St. Stepanos, where Armenian from the region used to come to pilgrimage.

</doc>
<doc id="20541946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541946" title="Serbia women's national handball team">
Serbia women's national handball team

The Serbia women's national handball team is the national team of Serbia. It is governed by the "Serbian Handball Federation" and takes part in international team handball competitions.
For the results before 1991 when Serbia was part of SFR Yugoslavia, please see Yugoslavia women's national handball team.
Olympic Committee of Serbia declared women's national handball team for the best female team of the year in 2001 and 2013.
Results.
The Serbian Handball Federation is deemed the direct successor to both FR Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) by EHF.
Current squad.
The squad for the 2013 World Women's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Saša Bošković

</doc>
<doc id="20541958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541958" title="Freetown Rosenwald School">
Freetown Rosenwald School

Freetown Rosenwald School is a historic Rosenwald school building in the historic African American community of Freetown at Glen Burnie, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a simple, one-story, gable-roofed, rectangular frame building. The exterior walls are sheathed in aluminum siding and the gable roof is covered with asphalt shingles and displays minimal overhang. It was built in 1924-25, by the school construction program of the Julius Rosenwald Fund, to serve the local African American community. It is one of ten Rosenwald Schools surviving in Anne Arundel County.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20541962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541962" title="Serenade for Strings">
Serenade for Strings


</doc>
<doc id="20541965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541965" title="Haller Park">
Haller Park

Haller Park is a nature park in Bamburi, Mombasa, on the Kenyan Coast. It is the transformation of a quarry wasteland into an ecological paradise. Haller Park holds a variety of plant and animal species which serve as a recreation hot spot to tourists and locals. Up to March 2007 it held the famous attraction of Owen and Mzee – the friendship of a hippopotamus and a tortoise. 
History of the rehabilitation project.
Effect of cement production.
In 1952, "Cementia Holding" searched for a site at the East African Coast to build a cement factory. Dr. Felix Mandl found an ideal location 12 km north of Mombasa. Over the years cement production grew to 1.2 million tons per 25 million tons. The area soon became inhospitable arid wasteland with brackish water. The Bamburi Cement company decided to rehabilitate the quarries which seemed to be an inconceivable task. No plants had been able to establish themselves in the quarries. In 1959, Dr. Rene Haller was hired as manager of the garden department and given the task to beautify the area. In the 1970s Rene embarked on the reforestation project.
Task.
The vital task was to find pioneer plants which could survive the limestone desert. The plants had to survive the fierce tropical sun. After planting 26 plants only 3 of them survived: The damas, coconut palm, and the casuarina.
Casuarina.
The casuarina was used initially to colonise the barren quarry floor. The casuarina is adapted to grow under severe conditions. Its branchlets look like pine needles and have a strong outer surface skin which protects the tree against loss of water. The casuarina could tolerate salty water which seemed perfect for the environment. However, due to the causarina's high tannin content its needles are too tough and bitter to be broken down by bacteria into humus for other plants to grow in.
Introduction of the Millipedes.
Dr Rene Haller observed a red legged millipede ("Mombasa trains") feeding on dry casuarina needles and introduced hundreds of millipedes into the quarry forest. The droppings of the millipede while feeding on the Casuarina needles made it easier for bacteria to break down resulting in a rich layer of humus allowing other plant species to grow. 
After 5 years the Casuarina began self seeding and colonising the surrounding area. After 10 years the casuarina trees reached a height of 30 m. After 20 years some of the trees had a trunk circumference of 2.4 meters and the humus layer was 10 cm deep. Many of the trees began to collapse after 20 years. However they had accomplished their task and created a friendly environment conducive to new plants. The tree trunks were used for building timber and firewood.
Effect on vegetation.
More plants distributed by wind and animal established themselves in the quarry. The next tree species were carefully selected. The quarry slowly developed into a sanctuary for endangered species of plants. Over the years, over 180 species of indigenous trees and bushes have been planted. Modes of propagation of plants however vary, all in the aim of ensuring succession. Vervet monkeys, insects and particular bird species have participated actively in succession within the ecosystem. They feed on fruits of the ficus sp. trees, whose seeds must travel through an alimentary canal to completely break dormancy. If this step does not take effect, the seeds have to be boiled to achieve the same. When the three above-mentioned animals excrete, seeds are dispersed in their feces and those that hit fertile ground germinate after some time. This has helped achieve growth in parts of the forest that are not easily accessible by humans.
Animals.
Dr. Rene Haller believed animals should play an equally important role in the forest ecosystem as plants. The introduction of the millipedes into the casuarina forest triggered a chain reaction of colonisation by plants and animals. The creation of new habitats attracted a number of birds, insects and mammals. Some larger mammals were introduced while others moved in. 
The mammals had a huge impact on the environment. For example, the bush pig which feed on roots, maggots, and insects helped to aerate the trees root system. The female giraffes feed on leaves and dispersed plants seeds while their feces acted as fertiliser. The dung beetles also played an important role by helping bring the manure underground where it is broken down by micro-organisms creating further plant life. 
Elands.
The Elands were chosen for domestication at Haller Park because of its usefulness. The Eland produces milk which is nutritious and has antibiotic properties which allows the milk stay fresh for months. Elands are also resistant to most livestock diseases and tame easily. 
Oryx.
Rene Haller also introduced Oryx to supplement the Eland group. The Oryx adapt to cope with poor grazing. They feed on dry, nutrient poor grasses. They have a great capacity to digest fibres. During droughts and desert conditions, the Oryx can survive. They are independent of permanent water sources. The Oryx were the perfect candidates for the condition of the park.
Aquaculture.
Water was an essential resource for the development of the plant life in the quarry. Water played an important role in the economical and ecological development of the project. The aquaculture system at Haller Park is a commercial viable unit. The unit consists of the fish farm, crocodile area, and the biological water treatment area (Nile cabbage ponds and rice paddy fields). The Nile cabbage is a special plant which removes excess nutrients and impurities form the water body. 
Fish Farm.
The fish farm is a crucial part of Haller Park. In 1971, The fish 
farming project started alongside the reforestation project. Rene Haller created a fish tank system. The purpose of the tank system was to give the fish a chance to swim in a constant current. A Tilapia farm was also created in 1980 because of the success of the fish tanks. It produced 30–35 tons per year.

</doc>
<doc id="20541973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541973" title="12th Army Corps (France)">
12th Army Corps (France)

12th Army Corps () was an army corps in the French Army. Commanded by Général Lebrun in the Franco-Prussian War then by General Galliffet from 1882 to 1886.
World War I.
On the outbreak of the First World War it was subordinated to Fourth Army.
It became part of the Tenth Army and was deployed in Italy from November 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20541981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541981" title="Pelican Narrows">
Pelican Narrows

Pelican Narrows may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20541984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541984" title="Government of Baghdad">
Government of Baghdad

The government of Baghdad is divided into a hierarchy of governments that both aid governance and provide bottom-up representation. The city constitutes a new “capital territory” whose structure differs from other parts of the country.
Origins and authority.
Much of the structure predates the 2003 invasion of Iraq, but officials' powers were originally limited to managing the top-down distribution of governmental services.
The Coalition Provisional Authority’s Transitional Administrative Law (TAL) - specifically CPA Order 71 - and the Provincial Powers Law have since changed their responsibilities remarkably, creating a degree of federalism that didn’t exist during the Saddam Hussein era. The Constitution alone does not determine Baghdad’s government because it is vague and contains gaps and does not lay out the structures in detail. Pre-constitution legislation dating back to 1964 and ad hoc measures that have become custom also determine this structure.
Governorate and Amanat.
The province’s outlying areas are structured the same as other areas in Iraq but are administered by the governorate instead the Amanat. Iraqi law set the boundaries between Amanat and governorate in 1971, but they’ve been adjusted more recently. The governorate and Amanat are linked at several levels, and the Governorate Council still provides funding for many of Baghdad's projects. 
The governorate’s structure is similar to the City of Baghdad, but the units have different names. A “qa’da” is similar to a kati’, although it may also be compared to a county. A “nahiya” is similar to a hayy. The deputy governor for rural services oversees these outlying areas, which surround the city from Taji in the north to Mahmudiyah in the south.
Types of governments.
Baghdad’s governments can be divided into three categories with different – although sometimes overlapping – responsibilities: Political subdivisions, political entities and service entities.
The cooperation of all governments is usually required for the successful completion of major projects. Political entities must provide the necessary approval, while service entities must execute the proposal. One or both must provide the funding or access to the funding. This can limit the efficacy of any one government official.
Revenue generation.
Political entities may collect revenue and retain revenue only with the Governorate Council’s authorization. Kati’ and neighborhood councils may not have surpluses. In practice, local governments collect taxes and fees only on an extremely limited basis. Neighborhood councils in the Rusafa kati’, for example, oversee generators and charge residents for the electricity they provide. The lack of local funding results in an extremely centralized funding mechanism.
Political subdivisions.
Baghdad Province.
Governorates, commonly called provinces, are the Iraqi equivalent of states. Baghdad is the smallest but most populous of Iraq’s 18 governorates.
A governor heads the governorate. Unlike in the United States, the governor is appointed by the Governorate Council. The governor is the equivalent to a deputy minister in terms of rights and career service. His responsibilities include:
Baghdad City.
The actual City of Baghdad, overseen by a mayor.
Kati’ (District).
A kati’, often called a district, is similar to a borough of a metropolis like New York. Baghdad has nine kati’: Rusafa, Adhamiyah, Thawra (Sadr City), 7 Nissan, Karadah, Karkh, Kadhimiyah, Mansour, and Al Rashid.
Each kati’ is headed by a qa’im makam elected by the kati’ council. The qa’im makam’s rank is equivalent to a director general in the federal government. However, Baghdad qa’im makams have significantly fewer restrictions than those in qa’das because they are not constrained by CPA Order 71. Their duties include:
Hayy.
A hayy is an administrative unit of the Amanat that is similar to a district in a large city. Many of Baghdad’s 94 hayys have evolved different boundaries from government and service bodies on the same level. Both American and Iraqi officials tend to work around the boundaries of the neighborhorhood or kati’ councils instead – making hayys an often overlooked, although no less official, tier of government.
Muhalla.
Muhallas, the smallest administrative units, are neighborhoods. The name of each muhalla is a three-digit number. The first number indicates its kati’. The last indicates which side of the kati’ the muhalla is in, depending on whether it is even or odd.
Political entities.
Baghdad Governorate (Province) Council.
The Governorate Council, more commonly called the Provincial Council, is similar to a state legislature or the London Assembly. It took over administration of the province from the Baghdad City Council, which the CPA created in 2004.
It oversees the entire governorate, not just the City of Baghdad. The council is composed of 57 directly elected representatives in contrast to the 41 members in Iraq’s other governorates. The Provincial Powers Law spells out the council’s responsibilities, which include:
Kati’ (District) Council.
Kati’ councils are the Iraqi equivalent of a city council. Members are chosen from among neighborhood council representatives. The number of members on each council varies based on population. The members choose a chairperson to head the council.
The councils have next to no money and must ask – not order – the Governorate Council, beladiyas or Amanat to embark on any project that they want. 
The councils were once called “district advisory councils” and are still called “DACs” by many soldiers and American officials. However, their powers now extend beyond mere advisory power. The council’s responsibilities include:
Neighborhood Council.
Neighborhood councils are the closest elected officials to the people. The councils are similar to representatives of a city ward. The number of members is based on population. They have no spending money.
Like kati’ councils, neighborhood councils are often incorrectly called neighborhood advisory councils. These councils primarily handle lower-level administration functions such as initial approval of fuel or food rations and initial verification of residents returning home after fleeing sectarian fighting. 
Service entities.
Amanat.
The Amanat is Baghdad’s public works department or city hall with a concentration in infrastructure. It is responsible for improving Baghdad’s infrastructure and overseeing the city’s essential services. Money for large-scale, Iraqi-funded projects typically originates at the Amanat. It has no responsibility for electricity, which is overseen by the federal government’s Ministry of Electricity.
The Amanat is headed by an “amin” chosen by the Governorate Council. 
Beladiya.
Baghdad’s 13 beladiyas can be considered the administering arm of the Amanat. They maintain the city’s distribution systems and perform other administrative tasks such as governing water, sewage, roads, public lands and zoning. Beladiyas have significantly less money than the Amanat. This typically limits them to maintaining existing infrastructure and performing low-level improvements such as landscaping or street cleaning. Beladiyas must turn to the Amanat or Governorate Council for the creation of any significant new infrastructure. Beladiyas also control any money collected by the kati’ councils.
The deputy amin for beladiyas appoints a deputy mayor to head each beladiya, but most of the remaining employees are workers hired for specific jobs, such as engineers or street cleaners. 

</doc>
<doc id="20541993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541993" title="Smashing Sebastian">
Smashing Sebastian

Smashing Sebastian (born 1974) is a Dutch urban and house music DJ and producer. He founded the dance music label Vibe-Rated Productions in 2002.
His style varies from deep to banging, from Urban to House & Electronica, but it always remains credible Dance.
Because of this diversity Smash has played from Lounge-Rooms, Club Nights to House parties showing he can play a wide variety of crowds. He has performed with worldwide operating DJ's & class acts like Tiësto, Hans - & Candy Dulfer, Technasia, Joris Voorn, and many more, at various House parties and events.
A few performances have been: London Calling (UK), Havana, City Sounds Festival, Chateau d´House Festival, Easter Dance Festival, Endemol Studio´s, Chassé Theater and numerous venues.
Smashing Sebastian has been released as artist on labels Defected, Strictly Rhythm, Subliminal, KONTOR and other leading House labels. His music has been compiled on numerous albums and compilations by artists like Bob Sinclar, ATFC, Harry Choo Choo Romero and many more.
Smash has done production work with Tiësto, formations like Menthol, FLB, World Of Music ( Fonky Fibes/EMI ) and as solo artist Smashing Sebastian.
His records ´Phatt´ got great global radio response, got compiled at various CD´s and gets played still by globetrotting DJ´s.
The same goes for his debut on BBC´s Pete Tong & label Defected with rapper C. Reid ´Come With It´ and remix for hip hop crew Flow 212.
Since then he has been asked for various remix jobs and his tracks has been releases on many record labels. Future plans are continuing his DJ- & Producers work and remaining an ambassador for credible Dance music worldwide

</doc>
<doc id="20541994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541994" title="Črnivec Pass">
Črnivec Pass

Črnivec Pass (), usually just Črnivec, is a mountain pass in the Kamnik Alps that connects the regions of Upper Carniola and Styria in Slovenia.
It lies on the drainage divide between the Kamnik Bistrica and Dreta rivers. The road connecting Kamnik and Gornji Grad traverses the pass. 
References.
Črnivec at Geopedia

</doc>
<doc id="20542005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542005" title="Friedrich von Stuart">
Friedrich von Stuart

Baron Friedrich von Stuart (1761-1842) was a Courland nobleman and landowner.
He was married to Henrietta Kant, a niece of Immanuel Kant.
They are an ancestors of Count Eric Stenbock, ambassador Henning von Wistinghausen, Baron Dmitri Stuart, an ambassador of Russia to Roumenia and Denmark and Renars Kaupers.

</doc>
<doc id="20542008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542008" title="Mount Tabor Good Samaritan Lodge No. 59">
Mount Tabor Good Samaritan Lodge No. 59

Mt. Tabor Good Samaritan Lodge #59 is a historic building at Crownsville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It was constructed in 1899, and is a small, two-story wood frame building, with a gable roof. A small one-story gable roof addition was made in 2000. Founded as the United Sons and Daughters of Levi Beneficial Society, No. 1 of Mount Tabor, it later joined the Independent Order of Good Samaritans and Daughters of Samaria, an African-American beneficial and temperance society for both men and women, as Mount Tabor Lodge No. 59. It is associated with the African American beneficial or benevolent society movement, and is one of six surviving African American benevolent society buildings in the state. The structure is located behind the Mt. Tabor Methodist Episcopal Church.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20542019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542019" title="Belarus women's national handball team">
Belarus women's national handball team

The Belarus women's national handball team is the national team of Belarus. It is governed by the "Belarusian Handball Federation" and takes part in international team handball competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20542020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542020" title="Raffaele Menconi">
Raffaele Menconi

Raffaele Menconi (1877 — 1942) was an Italian sculptor who established a practice in New York City with his brother Giuseppe (Joseph). Menconi realised the bronze architectural sculptures and fittings for a generation of Beaux-Arts architects, such as Carrère and Hastings; Menconi's bronze flagpole bases for the Fifth Avenue front of the New York Public Library (1912, "illustrated") are particularly prominent. Another pair of bronze flagpole bases by Menconi, showing an American eagle and representations of the four seasons, to designs of Egerton Swartwout, stand before the Missouri State Capitol.
He married Josephine Zampieri; their son, Ralph J. Menconi (1915–1972), who apprenticed in his father's New York studio, was also a well-known sculptor and medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20542021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542021" title="Mario Zafred">
Mario Zafred

Mario Zafred (2 March 1922 Trieste – 22 May 1987 Rome) was an Italian composer, music critic, and opera director. He also served as the president of various Italian music conservatories including the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia.
Biography.
Zafred began his music studies in Venice under Gian Francesco Malipiero before attending the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome. After graduating in 1944 with a diploma in music composition he continued to study further under Ildebrando Pizzetti. In 1947 he moved to Paris where he continued to study composition for two years. 
After returning to Italy in 1949, Zafred began a successful career as a music critic, working first for "L’unità" (1949–56) and "La Giustizia" (1956–63). In 1966 he became artistic director of the Teatro Comunale Giuseppe Verdi in Trieste. He left that house in 1968 to become the artistic director of the Rome Opera where he stayed until he became the director of the Teatro Lirico Sperimentale, Spoleto in 1974. In 1973 he was appointed president of the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, where he stayed until he became president of the Sindacato Nazionale Musicisti in 1983. In 1985 he was appointed honorary president of both the Fondazione Arts Academy and the Istituzione Sinfonica di Roma. 
Compositions.
Zafred enjoyed a considerable amount of success as a composer in Italy, winning numerous prizes for composition including the Premio Marzotto (1956), the Sibelius prize (1959) and the City of Treviso prize (1963). His career focused mostly on writing symphonic works, including seven symphonies, three large works for chorus and orchestra, and numerous concertos and sinfoniettas. He also composed a moderate amount of chamber music works including four string quartets, three piano trios, three sonatas, a wind quintet, and a serenata, among others. His output for solo instrument is confined to only a few pieces for the piano. Although, Zafred did not compose much vocal music he did create two fairly successful operas, "Amleto" (1961) and "Wallenstein" (1965). His other vocal works consist of a handful of art songs for solo voice and piano with the exception of one piece for voice, piano, and flute. 
Zafred’s musical language developed from an early avant-garde manner to something increasingly simple and accessible. His vast, generally uniform output is rooted in counterpoint (sometimes 12-tone), the free use of classical forms, and the avoidance of an excessively intellectual approach in favour of fluid musical argument. A personal style of solid craftsmanship reveals the influences of Pizzetti, especially in the early works and the operas, and of Bartók in the elaboration of Istrian folk melodies in his mature works.
Selected works.
Zafred's compositions are published by Ricordi, Boccaccini & Spada and Suvini Zerboni.

</doc>
<doc id="20542024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542024" title="12th Army Corps">
12th Army Corps

There have been at least two 12th Army Corps:

</doc>
<doc id="20542039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542039" title="Netta (disambiguation)">
Netta (disambiguation)

Netta is a genus of diving ducks.
Netta may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20542044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542044" title="George Benson Hall, Jr.">
George Benson Hall, Jr.

George Benson Hall (1810 – September 4, 1876) was a businessman involved in the Quebec lumber business. On his death, the Quebec "Morning Chronicle" described him as "one of Quebec’s most prominent and enterprising citizens".
He was born in Amherstburg, Upper Canada, the son of George Benson Hall and Angelica Fortier. In 1843, he married Mary Jane Patterson, the daughter of Peter Patterson. On the death of his father-in-law, he became seigneur for Beauport, the last person to hold that title. Hall established a milling complex at the Montmorency Falls in 1851, which eventually grew to employ members of 800 families at Beauport. He served as an alderman for Quebec City from 1853 to 1862. Hall died at Montmorency, at the time one of the richest lumber operators in Canada. He was also known for his generosity to the under-privileged of his community.
In "The storied province of Quebec", the Hall sawmills at Montmorency are described as "the greatest in the world".

</doc>
<doc id="20542045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542045" title="4th Marine Infantry Regiment">
4th Marine Infantry Regiment

The 4th Marine Infantry Regiment ("4e régiment d'infanterie marine") was a French marine regiment, as part of the troupes de marine within the French Army. Its motto was "J'y suis j'y reste" (Here I am, here I stay). It and the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Marine Infantry Regiments are the oldest marine units in the French Army. It and the 1st Regiment formed the 1st Brigade of the Blue Division during the Franco-Prussian War. The 4th Regiment was dissolved in 1998.
History garrisons fighting and battle.
The 4th Marine Infantry Regiment first illustrated in the Crimea (1854-1855) where he participated in the siege of Sebastopol. At the end of this campaign, the emperor decided that the flag of the 4th regiment of marines door in gold letters "Sebastopol. "
It then Cochin (1859-1861) that the 4th Marine Infantry Regiment are called to fight, then Tonkin (1884-1855), which earned the regiment campaigns for new entries in the flag:
Saigon (1859) Ki-Hoa (1861)-Langson (1884) Tuyen-Quan (1885). (Sevastopol 1854-1855 - Saigon 1859 - Ki Hoa 1861 - Langson 1884 - Tuyen Quan 1885, the battles are carried on the flag the 22e RIC).
Between two colonial campaigns, the 4th Marine Infantry Regiment illustrated in 1870 in Bazeilles and helped to save the honor in this war Franco-German untimely, unfortunate and wrong conduct.

</doc>
<doc id="20542051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542051" title="White Tights">
White Tights

"White Tights" (also "White Pantyhose" or White Stockings; the "beliye kolgotki", ; ; ) is a Russian urban myth surrounding the alleged participation of female sniper mercenaries in combat against Russian forces in various armed conflicts from late 1980s. The myth describes these women as blond Amazon-like nationalistic biathletes turned anti-Russian mercenaries. They come predominantly from the Baltic states, but subsequent variations of the myth have diversified the ethnic composition of the snipers, including Ukrainian, Russian women in their midst. The name "White Tights" originates from the white-coloured winter sports attire these snipers were wearing and was first coined during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
Origins.
The phenomenon was first reported during the late 1980s, with female Baltic irregulars being rumoured fighting with the resistance in the Soviet war in Afghanistan. It appeared first in the English-language media only in conjunction with the post-Soviet First and Second Chechen Wars. Attempts have been made to link the alleged presence of the "White Tights" in Chechnya, not only with the special forces and intelligence services of the Baltic states, but also to the positive relations Chechen leader Dzhokhar Dudayev enjoyed with both the government of independent Estonia and Lithuanian politician Vytautas Landsbergis. Sergey Yastrzhembsky, the chief spokesman of the Kremlin during the early phase of the Second Chechen War, argued that female Baltic snipers actually existed based on evidence from GRU military intelligence, who "don't make mistakes". The government of Estonia has asked for the evidence behind the claims and sent diplomatic notes twice to Russia without receiving an official answer.
Later conflicts.
In November 2008, Aleksandr Bastrykin, head of the Russian Federation Prosecutor-General's investigative committee, has suggested that mercenaries from the Baltic states were among those known to have participated on the Georgian side during the 2008 South Ossetia war, including a female sniper from Latvia. Earlier during the conflict, Russia Today TV had reported the South Ossetian authorities as saying that "there was a group of women snipers operating in the city Tskhinvali", and that "Ukrainians and citizens of the Baltic countries have been among the prisoners they have detained." These reports have resurrected the rumours of "White Tights" operating in the Caucasus. A spokesman for the Latvian Ministry of Defence, Airis Rikveilis, commented Bastrykin's statements as follows: "We had thought that the ghost of the 'White Tights' had died in the Russian press, but now we see that it still roams Russia."
In popular culture.
White Tights have also appeared in the Russian popular media, such as in Aleksandr Nevzorov's 1997 film "Purgatory" (). In the film, two Lithuanian "biathletes" are portrayed as sadistic mercenary snipers fighting for the Chechen rebels. A much more sympathetic character of a Lithuanian female sniper appeared in Andrei Konchalovsky's 2002 film "House of Fools", portrayed by Cecilie Thomsen.

</doc>
<doc id="20542061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542061" title="United North of England Eleven">
United North of England Eleven

The United North of England Eleven (UNEE) was an itinerant cricket team founded in 1869 by George Freeman and Roger Iddison with the backing of Lord Londesborough who became the team's president. As its name suggests, its purpose was to bring together the best players of England's northern counties and play against all-comers. The team was thus one of several spinoffs from William Clarke's original All-England Eleven (AEE). 
Unfortunately for the team, it was founded at a time when the demand for exhibition matches was in decline. This was due to an excess of supply as there had been several predecessors and there was a greater interest in county cricket, which had developed in the 1860s. Another factor was competition, particularly from the United South of England Eleven (USEE) which featured cricket's main attraction W G Grace. The UNEE had a short existence and it folded in 1881.
UNEE matches against the AEE and the USEE.
As soon as it was founded, the UNEE established a regional rivalry with the USEE and the two teams met three times in 1870, the UNEE's first season. The UNEE got off to a flying start when they easily beat the USEE, including the Graces, at Lord's in July 1870 by an innings and 70 runs. The team was:
In the next match at Bramall Lane, Sheffield, the UNEE won by an innings and 5 runs. The Graces did not play in this game. The UNEE team differed slightly with John Smith and Elisha Rawlinson replacing Coward and Wootton. The teams met again at The Oval in August and this match was drawn, the USEE needing 33 more to win with eight wickets standing and W G Grace still in with 51 not out. Wootton and Alfred Shaw replaced Atkinson and Rawlinson in the UNEE side.
In 1871, the UNEE did not play the USEE but did have one match against the AEE at Bolton in July. Although the UNEE had been reinforced by the addition of A N Hornby and Fred Morley, they were well beaten by an innings and 21 runs.
The UNEE's rivalry with the USEE was renewed in 1872 when four matches were arranged although the last one at Leeds in September was cancelled. The first match at Bishop's Stortford in June was drawn. Robert Carpenter, William Oscroft, John Hicks and James Shaw made first appearances for the UNEE. In August, the UNEE won by 8 wickets at Hunslet, Arnold Rylott making his first appearance. In September, the tide turned and the USEE recorded its first win over the UNEE by 8 wickets despite the addition of Thomas Hayward and Richard Daft to the UNEE team.
The elevens did not meet in 1873 and there were two matches in 1874 at Todmorden and Wellingborough. William Mycroft made his UNEE debut at Todmorden in July, when the USEE won convincingly by an innings and 30 runs, largely due to a century by Henry Charlwood and ten wickets taken by W G Grace. The USEE won by 9 wickets at Wellingborough in September after the UNEE followed on. Tom Emmett and Robert Smith joined the UNEE for this match.
There were no matches in 1875 and then the UNEE reasserted itself in 1876 with a win and a draw from two matches against the USEE. The first at Fartown Ground, Huddersfield was won by 7 wickets after Andrew Greenwood scored 111. George Ulyett was playing for the UNEE by now and the team at Huddersfield included three newcomers in David Eastwood, Joseph Blackburn and Robert Clayton. In the second match at the Town Cricket Club Ground in Hull, the UNEE was saved by an innings of 108 not out by Ephraim Lockwood but the highlight of the match was W G Grace's innings of 126 in a USEE total of only 159. William Oscroft and Arthur Shrewsbury made their UNEE debuts and, with Alfred Shaw and Fred Morley returning, there was a strong Nottinghamshire contingent. Robert Butler and John Tye also made first appearances.
That was the last time the UNEE played the USEE although there was a curious footnote to the series when the USEE played against the official North of England cricket team in 1880. The North's team in this match at Rotherham bore little resemblance to the UNEE with only Shrewsbury and Mycroft involved. Nevertheless, the official North hammered another nail into the coffin of the unofficial USEE with a 53 run victory.
Other matches.
The team played 15 other matches in its first season, 1870, mostly in the north. The majority were minor matches played against odds while the last of the season, against Richard Daft's XI at Holbeck was a first-class match. The UNEE team was:
In 1871, the UNEE played seven matches, followed by seven in 1872; seven in 1873; two in 1874 and then just one match in 1875, although this one was a first-class fixture against Derbyshire at Saltergate in Chesterfield. The UNEE defeated Derbyshire by 90 runs with an all-Yorkshire team:
With interest fading, the team struggled on and played one odds match at Saltaire in 1876. There were no matches at all in 1877 and then something of a revival in 1878 when they played eight, followed by nine in 1879. The last of the UNEE's first-class matches was played in June 1879 against a London United Eleven at Birmingham. The UNEE team in this match was very strong:
They easily defeated their weaker opponents by 160 runs, but public interest was on the wane as county and, after the 1878 Australian team had toured England, international cricket were greater attractions. The UNEE continued to play odds matches for another two seasons only. There were just two in 1880 and one in 1881, which was the UNEE's final recorded match at Skipton in June.

</doc>
<doc id="20542064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542064" title="2nd Marine Infantry Regiment">
2nd Marine Infantry Regiment

The 2nd Marine Infantry Regiment (), part of the Troupes de marine, is one of the oldest marine units in the French Army. It is the only French Army unit to carry 15 names on its battle flag and the inscription "AFN 1952–1962". Established in 1831, along with the1st, 3rd and 4th Marine Infantry Regiments (disbanded in 1998), the 2nd is one of four "old" regiments of naval infantry troops. Throughout its history the regiment has served in many conflicts, mainly in an expeditionary role outside France, although of it has been called upon to fight in France on a number of occasions. The first time came during the Franco-Prussian War, when the regiment had the distinction of serving in the famous Blue Division alongside the 1st Marine Artillery Regiment. Later, the regiment served in France during both the First and Second World Wars. Recent operations have seen the regiment deploy to Afghanistan, and to Mali as part of Opération Serval. 
Second Empire.
Campaign 
Pacification 
Between the two world wars.
In 1930, 2nd Colonial Infantry Regiment is stationed at Brest.
In 1939, Tripoli in Greater Syria (now in Lebanon).
World War II.
1940
1942
1943
(Battle of Takrouna) 1943, of Italy
1944
(Battle of Pontecorvo) 1944 and then France (Toulon and Colmar).
1945
Motto.
"Fidelitate and honors, and terra mare".
"Loyalty and honor on land and sea".
Battles inscribed on the flag.
It bears, stitched in gold letters in its folds, the following inscriptions:
Feat of arms inscribed in black are those removed from the flag, the maximum number which may appear to be limited. The flag of the 2e RIMa is bringing the largest number of names Manufactured arms of the French army "of 15 names feat of arms" and the AFN registration.
Decorations.
The staff of the regiment are allowed to wear:
The regiment retains the traditions of a brigade of the 1st Free French Division (DFL).
Its flag is decorated with the Cross of the Legion of Honor, the cross of the release of Cross of War 1914–1918 with four flippers, the Croix de Guerre 1939 – 1945 with two palms and the War Cross for TOE with a palm and the Regiment was made Companion of the Liberation.
The flag of the regiment received its silk on December 5, 2004 the name "AFN from 1952 to 1962" ("North Africa 1952–1962").
Traditions.
's Day naval troops:
, And the Name of God, long live the colonial
Subordinations.
The regiment was subordinated to the 9th Marine Light Armored Brigade itself part of the action force on earth.
Composition.
The "2" is composed of:

</doc>
<doc id="20542072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542072" title="3rd Marine Infantry Regiment">
3rd Marine Infantry Regiment

The 3rd Marine Infantry Regiment ()
is one of the oldest marine units in the French Army, as part of the troupes de marine. It formed part of the 2nd Brigade of the Blue Division during the Franco-Prussian War. The regiment was subordinated to the 9th Marine Light Armored Brigade itself part of the Land Forces Command.
Organisation.
The regiment is composed of approximately 1300 men and women:

</doc>
<doc id="20542073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542073" title="Jacob O. Meyer">
Jacob O. Meyer

Jacob Owen Meyer (November 11, 1934 – April 9, 2010) was the founder and directing elder of a small fundamentalist Christian sect based in Pennsylvania, the Assemblies of Yahweh (not to be confused with the pre-existing Assembly of Yahweh). 
Early life.
Meyer was born in Bethel, Berks County, Pennsylvania. He grew up in a conservative, religious German-descended family, and was active in his local congregation. He studied at the Evangelical Congregational School of Theology (now the Evangelical Seminary) in Myerstown, PA. While there, Meyer became concerned that professors, teachers and theologians who confirmed that the biblical name of God was Yahweh used terms such as God outside the classroom. Believing that liberalism was undermining the Church of the Brethren denomination to which he belonged, Meyer and his wife began to look for alternative religious groups including Sacred Name Movement groups. At some point in the 1970s he undertook a short part-time course leading to the award of an 'associate degree' from Thomas Edison State College.
He wrote extensively in his monthly magazines "The Sacred Name Broadcaster" and the "The Narrow Way", created the conservative Sacred Name Bible, the Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition and published several books. He established a radio station, WMLK, and two private educational institutions in Bethel, the Obadiah School of the Bible and Dalet School. He travelled to South America, Europe, 
There were at least two attempts to oust Meyer from his leadership of the Assemblies of Yahweh, and members defected to other sects such as the Sacred Name Movement. Following Meyer's death in 2010 the leadership was assumed by three of his ten children, who are referred to by their followers as "the Three Fold Cord".

</doc>
<doc id="20542076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542076" title="Trike (EP)">
Trike (EP)

Trike is a single released by Australian rock band You Am I in 1997. It was released to make two tracks ("Trike" and "Opportunities") added to the international release of "Hourly, Daily" available to Australian fans, along with three extra B-sides. "Trike" and "Opportunities" were recorded in late 1996 and replaced "Someone Else's Home" and "Moon Shines on Trubble".
Track listing.
"Who Turned Out The Lights" is a You Am I original.
"I Can Hear The Grass Grow" is a cover of The Move song.
"(There's Gonna Be A) Showdown" is a cover of the Gamble and Huff song first recorded by Archie Bell & The Drells but then later covered by New York Dolls.

</doc>
<doc id="20542082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542082" title="Milieu intérieur">
Milieu intérieur

Milieu intérieur or interior milieu, from the French, "milieu intérieur" (the environment within), is a phrase coined by Claude Bernard to refer to the extra-cellular fluid environment, and its physiological capacity to ensure protective stability for the tissues and organs of multicellular living organisms.
Origin.
Claude Bernard used the phrase in several works from 1854 until his death in 1878. He most likely adopted it from the histologist Charles Robin, who had employed the phrase “milieu de l’intérieur” as a synonym for the ancient hippocratic idea of humors. Bernard was initially only concerned with the role of the blood but he later included that of the whole body in ensuring this internal stability. He summed up his idea as follows:
Bernard's work regarding the internal environment of regulation was supported by work in Germany at the same time. While Rudolf Virchow placed the focus on the cell, others, such as Carl von Rokitansky (1804-1878) continued to study humoral pathology particularly the matter of microcirculation. Von Rokitansky suggested that illness originated in damage to this vital microcirculation or internal system of communication. Hans Eppinger (1878-1848), a professor of internal medicine in Vienna, further
developed von Rokitansky's point of view and showed that every
cell requires a suitable environment which he called the ground substance for 
successful microcirculation. This work of German scientists was continued in the 20th century by Alfred Pischinger (1899-1982) who defined the connections between the ground substance or extracellular matrix and both the hormonal and autonomic nervous systems and saw therein a complex system of regulation for the body as a whole and for cellular functioning, which he termed the ground regulatory system ("das System der Grundregulation").
Early reception.
Bernard’s idea was initially ignored in the 19th century. This happened in spite of Bernard being highly honored as the founder of modern physiology (he indeed received the first French state funeral for a scientist). Even the 1911 edition of Encyclopædia Britannica does not mention it. His ideas about milieu intérieur only became central to the understanding of physiology in the early part of the 20th century. It was only with Joseph Barcroft, Lawrence J. Henderson, and particularly Walter Cannon and his idea of homeostasis, that it received its present recognition and status. The current 15th edition notes it as being Bernard's most important idea.
Conceptual development.
Bernard created his concept to replace the ancient idea of life forces with that of a mechanistic process in which the body's physiology was regulated through multiple mechanical equilibrium adjustment feedbacks. Walter Cannon's later notion of homeostasis (while also mechanistic) lacked this concern, and was even advocated in the context of such ancient notions as vis medicatrix naturae.
Cannon, in contrast to Bernard, saw the self-regulation of the body as a requirement for the evolutionary emergence and exercise of intelligence, and further placed the idea in a political context: "What corresponds in a nation to the internal environment of the body? The closest analogue appears to be the whole intricate system of production and distribution of merchandise". He suggested, as an analogy to the body's own ability to ensure internal stability, that society should preserve itself with a technocratic bureaucracy, "biocracy".
The idea of milieu intérieur, it has been noted, led Norbert Wiener to the notion of cybernetics and negative feedback creating self-regulation in the nervous system and in nonliving machines, and that "today, cybernetics, a formalization of Bernard’s constancy hypothesis, is viewed as one of the critical antecedents of contemporary cognitive science".
Idea of Internal Communication.
In addition to providing the basis for understanding the internal physiology in terms of the interdependence of the cellular and extracellular matrix or ground system, Bernard's fruitful concept of the milieu intérieur has also led to significant research regarding the system of communication that allows for the complex dynamics of homeostasis.
Work by Szent-Györgyi.
Initial work was conducted by Albert Szent-Györgyi who concluded that organic communication could not be explained solely by the random collisions of molecules and studied energy fields as well as the connective tissue. He was aware of earlier work by Moglich and Schon (1938) and Jordan (1938) on non-electrolytic mechanisms of charge transfer in living systems. This was further explored and advanced by Szent-Györgyi in 1941 in a Koranyi Memorical Lecture in Budapest, published in both "Science" and "Nature", wherein he proposed that proteins are semi-conductors and capable of rapid transfer of free electrons within an organism. This idea was received with skepticism, but it is now generally accepted that most if not all parts of the extracellular matrix have semiconductor properties. The Koranyi Lecture triggered a growing molecular-electronics industry, using biomolecular semiconductors in nanoelectronic circuits.
In 1988 Szent-Györgyi stated that "Molecules do not have to touch each other to interact. Energy can flow through... the electromagnetic field" which "along with water, forms the matrix of life." This water is related also to the surfaces of proteins, DNA and all living molecules in the matrix. This is a structured water that provides stability for metabolic functioning, and related to collagen as well, the major protein in the extracellular matrix and in DNA. The structured water can form channels of energy flow for protons (umlike electrons that flow through the protein structure to create bio-electricity). Mitchell (1976) refers to these flow as 'proticity'.
Work in Germany.
Work in Germany over the last half-century has also focused on the internal communication system, in particular as it relates to the ground system. This work has led to their characterization of the ground system or extracellular matrix interaction with the cellular system as a 'ground regulatory system', seeing therein the key to homeostasis, a body-wide communication and support system, vital to all functions.
In 1953 a German doctor and scientist, Reinhold Voll, discovered that points used in acupuncture had different electrical properties from the surrounding skin, namely a lower resistance. Voll further discovered that the measurement of the resistances at the points came valuable indications as to the state of the internal organs. Further research was done by Dr. Alfred Pischinger, the originator of the concept of the 'system of ground regulation', as well as Drs. Helmut Schimmel, and Hartmut Heine, using Voll's method of electro-dermal screening. This further research revealed that the gene is not so much the controller but the repository of blueprints on how cells and higher systems should operate, and that the actual regulation of biological activities (see Epigenetic cellular biology) lies in a 'system of ground regulation'. This system is built on the ground substance, a complex connective tissue between all the cells, often also called the extra-cellular matrix. This ground substance is made up of 'amorphous' and 'structural' ground substance. The former is "a transparent, half-fluid gel produced and sustained by the fibroblast cells of the connective tissues" consisting of highly polymerized sugar-protein complexes.
The ground substance, according to German research, determines what enters and exits the cell and maintains homeostasis, which requires a rapid communication system to respond to complex signals(see also Bruce Lipton).
Between the molecules that make up the ground substance there are minimal surfaces of potential energy. The charging and discharging of the materials of the ground substance cause 'biofield oscillations' (photon fields). The interference of these fields creates short lived (from 10-9 to up to 10–5 seconds) tunnels through the ground substance. 
Major ordering energy structures in the body are created by the ground substance, such as collagen, which not only conducts energy but generates it, due to its piezoelectric properties.
This is what occurs in the adaptation response described by Hans Selye. When the ground regulation is out of blaance, the probability of chronic illness increases. Research by Heine indicates that unresolved emotional traumas release a neurotransmitter substance P which causes the collagen to take on a hexagonal structure that is more ordered than their usual structure, putting the ground substance out of balance, what he calls an "emotional scar"providing "an important scientific verification that diseases can have psychological causes." (see also Bruce Lipton)
Work in US.
While the initial work on identifying the importance of the ground regulatory system was done in Germany, more recent work examining the implications of inter and intra-cellular communication via the extra-cellular matrix has taken place in the US and elsewhere.
Structural continuity between extracellular, cyst skeletal and nuclear components was discussed by Hay, Berezny et al. and Oschman. Historically, these elements have been referred to as ground substances, and because of their continuity, they act to form a complex, interlaced system that reaches into and contacts every part of the body. Even as early as 1851 it was recognized that the nerve and blood systems do not directly connect to the cell, but are mediated by and through an extracellular matrix. 
Recent research regarding the electrical charges of the various glycol-protein components of the extracellular matrix shows that because of the high density of negative charges on glycosaminoglycans (provided by sulfate and carboxylate groups of the uronic acid residues) the matrix is an extensive redox system capable of absorbing and donating electrons at any point. This electron transfer function reaches into the interiors of cells as the cytoplasmic matrix is also strongly negatively charged. The entire extracellular and cellular matrix functions as a biophysical storage system or accumulator for electrical charge.
From thermodynamic, energetic and geometrical considerations, molecules of the ground substance are considered to form minimal physical and electrical surfaces, such that, based on the mathematics of minimal surfaces, minuscule changes can lead to significant changes in distant areas of the ground substance. This discovery is seen as having implications for many physiological and biochemical processes, including membrane transport, antigen–antibody interactions, protein synthesis, oxidation reactions, actin–myosin interactions, sol to gel transformations in polysaccharides.
Pienta and Coffey (1991) published ‘‘Cellular harmonic information transfer through a tissue tensegrity-matrix system’’ combining the concepts of the living matrix, vibratory and resonant interactions, cellular and tissue continuity, piezoelectricity, solid-state biochemistry, coherence, and tensegrity - all creating a body-wide communication and regulatory system of living organisms. 
One description of the charge transfer process in the matrix is, ‘‘highly vectoral electron transport along biopolymer pathways’’. Other mechanisms involve clouds of negative charge created around the proteoglycans in the matrix. There are also soluble and mobile charge transfer complexes in cells and tissues (e.g. Slifkin, 1971; Gutman, 1978; Mattay, 1994).
Rudolph A. Marcus of the California Institute of Technology found that when the driving force increases beyond a certain level, electron transfer will begin to slow down instead of speed up (Marcus, 1992) and he received a Nobel Prize in chemistry in 1992 for this contribution to the theory of electron transfer reactions in chemical systems. The implication of the work is that a vectoral electron transport process may be greater the smaller the potential, as in living systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20542085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542085" title="Netta (river)">
Netta (river)

The Netta is a river in north-east Poland, a right tributary of the Biebrza, approximately long. It is a continuation of the Rospuda, which flows into Lake Rospuda (connected to Lake Necko) north of the town of Augustów. The Rospuda and Netta together have a length of and a watershed of . 
The Netta runs parallel to, or (on its upper and lower stretches) forms part of, the Augustów Canal, built in the 19th century to link the basins of the Vistula and the Neman. It connects to the Vistula via the Biebrza, the Narew and the Bug River. The Netta's main tributaries are the Szczeberka, Kolniczanka, Olszanka and Turówka.
The Netta begins its course in Augustów, where it flows out of Lake Necko and southwards through the town. At Białobrzegi it joins the Turówka and continues southwards, flowing through the districts of Gmina Augustów and Gmina Sztabin. After joining the Olszanka it enters Biebrza National Park. Shortly before its confluence with the Biebrza it passes through the villages of Polkowo and Dębowo.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20542089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542089" title="1st Marine Artillery Regiment">
1st Marine Artillery Regiment

The 1st Marine Artillery Regiment () is one of the oldest marine artillery units in the military of France, as part of the troupes de marine within the French Army {Founded 1692}. With two infantry marine regiments it formed the 2nd Brigade of the Blue Division during the Franco-Prussian War. Based in Laon since 1993, it is the artillery regiment of the 2nd Armoured Division.
1956 −1962: A detachment of the regiment participated in operations in Algeria.
1977: The regiment left Melun for the new garrison at Monthléry.
1993: On 2 August the regiment took its new headquarters in Laon Couvron, a former air base.
1993 - 1996: The 1er RAMa sends detachments in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the Rapid Reaction Force (RRF) (Serb bombardment of the batteries Mount Igman) during the bombing of Bosnia Herzegovina by NATO 1995ou of IFOR, in charge of enforcing the Dayton.
2009: The regiment received the first cannon CAESAR June 10 This gun replaces the AMX AUF1 in service since 1990. On 1 August it left the 2nd Armoured Brigade, after 42 years and joined the 1st Mechanised Brigade.
Etendard of the regiment.
The banner is decorated with the Cross of the Legion of Honor, the Croix de Guerre 1914-1918 (two palms), the Croix de Guerre 1939-1945 (three palms) and the Cross of Liberation. He is entitled to use the forage in the colors of ribbon the Croix de Guerre 1914 1918 since August 13, 1918, with olive-colored ribbon for the Croix de Guerre 1939-1945. Then from 18 June 1996 to feed the ribbon colors of the Croix de la Liberation.

</doc>
<doc id="20542099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542099" title="Snovik">
Snovik

Snovik is small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Based on evidence from medieval sources, the name "Snovik" is derived from "*Jesenovik" 'ash grove'.
The recently developed Snovik Spa is located near Snovik. It utilizes thermal water from the area with indoor and outdoor pools and offers a range of health programs, recreational activities, and accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="20542113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542113" title="Craig Alexander">
Craig Alexander

Craig Alexander may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20542115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542115" title="Netta (village)">
Netta (village)

Netta () is a group of villages in Gmina Augustów in north-eastern Poland, close to the Netta river. It is divided into:
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20542121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542121" title="Nojeva barka">
Nojeva barka

Nojeva barka (trans. "Noah's Ark") is the fourteenth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba, released in 1999.
The album's biggest hits were its title track, "Gastarbjaterska 2", "Care" (which criticizes Slobodan Milošević and Socialist Party of Serbia), and the ballad "Princ". The song "16 noći" is a Serbian language cover of Merle Travis' song "Sixteen Tons", Riblja Čorba version dealing with phone sex. The music for the song "Gde si" was written by a former Riblja Čorba member and Bajaga i Instruktori frontman Momčilo Bajagić, who also sang backing vocals on the song.
Album cover.
The album cover was designed by Jugoslav Vlahović.

</doc>
<doc id="20542128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542128" title="Landmark (Salyu album)">
Landmark (Salyu album)

landmark is Salyu's debut album. She previously released the album "Kokyuu" under the name Lily Chou-Chou. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542140" title="Arhodia lasiocamparia">
Arhodia lasiocamparia

Arhodia lasiocamparia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in mainland Australia and Tasmania. 
The wingspan is about 60 mm for males and 70 mm. for females. The moth flies from October to January.
The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species.

</doc>
<doc id="20542141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542141" title="Melite">
Melite

The name Melite may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20542144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542144" title="Wageningse Berg">
Wageningse Berg

Wageningse Berg is a defunct football stadium in Wageningen, The Netherlands.
It was the home of the disestablished football club FC Wageningen.

</doc>
<doc id="20542149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542149" title="Michael Preisinger">
Michael Preisinger

Michael Preisinger (born March 26, 1962 in Rheinbach, Germany) is a German journalist, author and TV-host, also writing under the pseudonym Mig van Steinbrink.
Life.
Preisinger, son of a glass technician, grew up - beside a two year stay in eastern Bavaria, in the City of Düren in North-Rhine-Westphalia. After graduating at the Wirteltor-High School in 1981 he started to study sports sciences at the German Sports University in Cologne. In 1986 he graduated as "Diploma-Sports-Teacher". In the very same year he started as an officer of the reserve cadet at the tank Battalion 533 in Düren and finished his trainings in Munster/Lower Saxony. 
Since 1989 he worked as track & field coach und studied history at the University of Cologne. In 1990 he published his non fictional book "Sprungwettbewerbe der Leichtathletik - Die Entwicklung Mittelalter bis 1896" ("Jumping contests of Track & Field - The Development from the Medieval Ages until 1896"), before he was working as scientific employee at the Institute for Sports History of the German Sports University. 1993 he organized an exhibition on the History of Track & Field Athletics in the city hall of Stuttgart on the occasion of the T&F World Championships.
Following - beside his writing activities for different magazines - he was working for the tourism industry and among other places lived in Nassau, Bahamas. There he wrote his book, published after his return to Europe, "Das Bermuda-Rätsel gelöst" ("The Bermuda Riddle Solved") about the Bermuda Triangle, in the meantime translated in several languages like Italian, Romanian or Polish. 1997 Preisinger received his doctor's degree at the German Sports University Cologne in History and Sociology.
From 1998 until 2003 Preisinger worked as freelancer and editor fort the Schwäbische Zeitung (Suebian Newspaper), in this time he also published his third non fictional book "AUTEC-Navy-Basis - Offizieller Kontakt zu einer anderen Welt?" ("AUTEC-Navy-Base. Official Contact to another World? ")
2004 he started his investigations for his fourth non fictional book, which was published in the end of 2005 under the title "Voodoo, Orisha & Co - Eine Reise zu den afrikanischen Religionen und Kulturen der Karibik" ("Voodoo, Orisha & Co - A Travel to the African Religions and Cultures of the Caribbean").
Since moving from Lake Constance to the Baltic Sea in 2005 Preisinger is working for different media, among other things he hosted together with Aiman Abdallah an episode of the Pro7-Show "Galileo-Mystery" on the Bermuda-Triangle.
Presently Preisinger lives with his partner Sabine Hügelland close to Rostock and writes under his pseudonym Mig van Steinbrink also fake-documentations for the "Ostsee-Anzeiger" and hosts a corresponding show on "TV Rostock".

</doc>
<doc id="20542155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542155" title="Županje Njive">
Županje Njive

Županje Njive () is a settlement on the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Chapel-shrine.
A chapel-shrine, dedicated to the Virgin Mary, stands in the village. It was built in 1908 and contains a statue of Our Lady of Lourdes, made by the sculptor Franc Ksaver Tončič from Kamnik. Since 1988, it has been rumoured to have miraculous powers and is visited by numerous pilgrims.

</doc>
<doc id="20542166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542166" title="Malaysia Federal Route 174">
Malaysia Federal Route 174

Federal Route 174 comprising Jalan Sultan Zainal Abidin and Jalan Sultan Mahmud is a federal road in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 174 starts at Batu Burok
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 174 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20542169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542169" title="Circopetes obtusata">
Circopetes obtusata

Circopetes obtusata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in mainland Australia. 
The wingspan is about 60 mm.
The larvae feed on "Eucalyptus nicholii".

</doc>
<doc id="20542178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542178" title="Rufous-fronted Bushtit">
Rufous-fronted Bushtit

The Rufous-fronted Bushtit or Rufous-fronted Tit ("Aegithalos iouschistos") is a small passerine bird of the eastern and central Himalayas belonging to the long-tailed tit family, Aegithalidae. It forms a superspecies with the Black-browed Bushtit ("A. bonvaloti") of China and northern Burma and the White-throated Bushtit ("A. niveogularis") of the western Himalayas. They have sometimes been regarded as a single species but are now often treated as separate. The ranges of the Rufous-fronted and Black-browed Tits overlap slightly in China with no evidence of hybridization.
It is 11 cm long. The adult has grey upperparts and reddish-brown underparts. The head is reddish-buff with a black mask and a silver bib with black streaks and a black edge. Juveniles are paler and duller than the adults. The Black-browed Bushtit is similar but has a white forehead and belly and a white edge to its bib. The White-throated Tit has a white forehead and bib and a dark breastband.
It is found in the eastern and central Himalayas in China, India, Nepal and Bhutan. It occurs in montane forests, both broad-leaved and coniferous, up to 3,600 m above sea-level. It typically feeds in flocks.

</doc>
<doc id="20542180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542180" title="South River Club">
South River Club

South River Club refers to both a social club and more recently, the historic building at South River, Anne Arundel County, Maryland where the club met.
The club.
The South River Club (also known as "The Old South River Club") survives today as one of the oldest, continuously active organizations of its type in America. There is evidence that the club itself existed in 1732 and perhaps as early as 1700. The date of its founding remains unknown because the early records were lost when the first clubhouse burned down. Club records show that it existed before February 11, 1742 when a resolution was passed to attempt to record all previous members names. As early as 1746, the club was referred to as "The Ancient South River Club" in the "Maryland Gazette."
The early members included prominent landowners, merchants, and the local doctor and clergyman, all of whom lived within a 10-mile radius of the clubhouse.
The members of the club meet at the clubhouse four times per year for feasts prepared in the detached kitchen. Women are only allowed in the clubhouse on "Pilgrimage Days."
The clubhouse.
Built in 1742, on land purchased from Captain Thomas Gassaway, son of Colonel Nicholas Gassaway, the present structure is a small frame, -story one-room clubhouse with a gable roof and a narrow exterior chimney on the east gable end. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20542190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542190" title="Dichromodes atrosignata">
Dichromodes atrosignata

Dichromodes atrosignata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542192" title="Rotary inertia">
Rotary inertia

Rotary Inertia or rotational inertia is a further analogy of inertia in which a rotating body maintains its state of uniform rotational motion. Thus its angular momentum would be unchanged, unless an external torque were to be applied.
Rotary inertia often has hidden practical consequences. In the braking of a railway train, arresting the linear motion would require that the substantial rotational inertia of the motors must be converted to some other forms of energy, thus causing acoustic vibration of the wheels and frictional heating of the brakes on the railway carriage. Rotary Inertia is also found in the Timoshenko beam theory, a theory for a model that considers rotary inertia and shear stress to describe the vibrations of thick bars, which are part of the mallet subfamily of the percussion family of musical instruments (e.g. vibraphone, xylophone and marimba).

</doc>
<doc id="20542196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542196" title="Frickley railway station">
Frickley railway station

Frickley railway station was situated on the Swinton and Knottingley Joint railway, between Bolton-on-Dearne and Moorthorpe. It served the village of Clayton, South Yorkshire, England.
The station was situated about a mile north of the present day Thurnscoe.
It closed on 8 June 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20542197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542197" title="Please Read the Letter">
Please Read the Letter

"Please Read the Letter" is a song originally recorded by Robert Plant and Jimmy Page for the 1998 album "Walking into Clarksdale". It was released as the second single of the album.
Plant and Alison Krauss later recorded a version of the song for their collaboration album "Raising Sand". The song was well received by critics, and won the Record of the Year award at the 2009 Grammy Awards.The song features in the closing moments of the final episode of the USA TV show The Riches.
Music and lyrics.
"Please Read the Letter" is in the folk rock genre.
Plant explained that "Please Read the Letter" is a song about yearning for someone, adding that the lyrics are about "unfinished business".
Release.
A music video for the single was released in 2008. It was shot in a 1905-built house in South Los Angeles.
The music video was nominated for Wide Open Country Video of the Year at the 2009 CMT Music Awards.
Robert Plant and Alison Krauss version.
Chart performance.
Plant and Krauss' version of the song initially failed to chart, but after winning the Grammy Award for Record of the Year, the song entered the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart at #20 (the virtual equivalent to #120 on the Hot 100) in 2009.
Critical reviews.
The song has been well received by critics. Chris Jones, in his review for the BBC, felt that the version by Plant and Krauss is "completely improved" from the original track. Thom Jurek wrote for Allmusic: "Slow, plodding, almost crawling, Krauss' harmony vocal takes it to the next step, adds the kind of lonesome depth that makes this a song whispered under a starless sky rather than just another lost love song."

</doc>
<doc id="20542203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542203" title="Peter Patterson (businessman)">
Peter Patterson (businessman)

Peter Patterson (May 11, 1768 – June 12, 1851) was an English-born businessman and seigneur in Quebec.
He was born near Whitby in Yorkshire, the son of Peter Patterson. He came to Quebec in 1801 and was employed by Henry Usborne in a timber and ship building business. Patterson took over the operation of the Quebec branch when Osborne returned to England. In 1811, he acquired property at the Montmorency Falls where he established a large sawmill operation. Patterson also operated facilities on the Bécancour River and the Etchemin River and also acquired cutting rights on large tracts of land in the Bois-Francs region, the Eastern Townships and along the Ottawa River. He purchased the seigneury of Beauport in 1844. In 1846, he helped found the Quebec and Lake Superior Mining Association and served as its first president. Patterson was also president of the Quebec and Richmond Railroad Company. He died at his estate at Montmorency at the age of 83.
His daughter Mary Jane married George Benson Hall, who took over the operation at Montmorency after Patterson's death.

</doc>
<doc id="20542207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542207" title="Žubejevo">
Žubejevo

Žubejevo is a small dispersed settlement above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20542217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542217" title="Dichromodes consignata">
Dichromodes consignata

Dichromodes consignata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542227" title="Stanton Center">
Stanton Center

Stanton Center is a historic building at Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story (plus basement), Classical Revival brick masonry building with a one-story addition. It is the second school building on the site and was first used as an elementary school and later became the first high school for African Americans in Anne Arundel County. It remained in use as a school until the desegregation of the Anne Arundel County school system in the 1960s, when it became a community center.
Stanton Center was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20542232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542232" title="Dichromodes estigmaria">
Dichromodes estigmaria

Dichromodes estigmaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542241" title="Projection method (fluid dynamics)">
Projection method (fluid dynamics)

The projection method is an effective means of numerically solving time-dependent incompressible fluid-flow problems. It was originally introduced by Alexandre Chorin in 1967 and independently by Roger Temam as an efficient means of solving the incompressible Navier-Stokes equations. The key advantage of the projection method is that the computations of the velocity and the pressure fields are decoupled.
The algorithm.
The algorithm of projection method is based on the Helmholtz decomposition (sometimes called Helmholtz-Hodge decomposition) of any vector field into a solenoidal part and an irrotational part. Typically, the algorithm consists of two stages. In the first stage, an intermediate velocity that does not satisfy the incompressibility constraint is computed at each time step. In the second, the pressure is used to project the intermediate velocity onto a space of divergence-free velocity field to get the next update of velocity and pressure.
Helmholtz–Hodge decomposition.
The theoretical background of projection type method is the decomposition theorem of Ladyzhenskaya sometimes referred to as Helmholtz–Hodge Decomposition or simply as Hodge decomposition. It states that the vector field formula_1 defined on a simply connected domain can be uniquely decomposed into a divergence-free (solenoidal) part formula_2 and an irrotational part formula_3. Thus,
since formula_5 for some scalar function, formula_6. Taking the
divergence of equation yields
This is a Poisson equation for the scalar function formula_6. If the vector field formula_1 is known, the above equation can be solved for the scalar function formula_6 and the divergence-free part of formula_1 can be extracted using the relation
This is the essence of solenoidal projection method for solving incompressible
Navier–Stokes equations.
Chorin's projection method.
The incompressible Navier-Stokes equation (differential form of momentum equation) may be written as
In Chorin's original version of the projection method
, the intermediate velocity, formula_14, is explicitly computed using the momentum equation ignoring the pressure gradient term:
where formula_16 is the velocity at formula_17th time level. In the next (projection) step, we have
Re-writing the above equation for the velocity at formula_19 level, we have
Computing the right-hand side of the above equation requires a knowledge of the pressure, formula_21, at formula_19 level. This is obtained by taking the divergence and requiring that formula_23, which is the divergence-free(continuity) condition, thereby deriving the following Poisson equation for formula_24,
It is instructive to note that, the equation written in the following way
is the standard Hodge decomposition if boundary condition for formula_21 on the domain boundary, formula_28 is formula_29.
For the explicit method, the boundary condition for formula_14 in equation (1) is natural. If formula_31 on formula_28, is prescribed, then the space of divergence-free vector field will be orthogonal to the space of irrotational vector fields, and from equation (2) one has
The explicit treatment of the boundary condition may be circumvented by using a staggered grid and requiring that formula_34 vanish at the pressure nodes that are adjacent to the boundaries.
A distinguishing feature of Chorin's projection method is that the velocity field is forced to satisfy a discrete continuity constraint at the end of each time step.
General method.
Typically the projection method operates as a two-stage fractional step scheme, a method which uses multiple calculation steps for each numerical time-step. In many projection algorithms, the steps are split as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20542254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542254" title="David Logan (basketball)">
David Logan (basketball)

David Kyle Logan (born December 26, 1982) is a Polish professional basketball player of American origin who plays for Alba Berlin.
He is a 1.85 m (6 ft 1 in) tall point guard. In late February 2009, Logan got a Polish passport, which enabled him to cap for Poland in the EuroBasket 2009 tournament. He first capped for Poland on August 11, 2009, in a game vs. Croatia which took place in Łódź, but Poland could not make it to the finals in the EuroBasket 2009.
High school and college.
Logan attended North Central High School in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Logan led the US college basketball in scoring averaging 28.6 points per game in his senior year at the University of Indianapolis. His performances earned him the NCAA II Player of the Year Award. He finished his collegiate career as the all-time leading scorer in Indianapolis with 2,352 points.
Professional career.
Logan signed for the 2005–06 season with the Italian second division club Pallacanestro Pavia. On December 2005 he moved to Israel and signed with Hapoel MB9 Ramat Hasharon. After that he went back to the USA and played seven games for the Fort Worth Flyers in the NBDL. He finished the 2006–07 season playing for SKS Starogard in Poland.
In the 2007–08 season, Logan signed with Turow Zgorzelec and took part in the Eurocup, where he averaged 18.6 points per game and reached the Final Eight. His play was rewarded by a transfer to Polish powerhouse Asseco Prokom and a participation in the Euroleague. He contributed a lot to his team's sixth straight national championship Asseco Prokom .
On July 2, 2010 he signed a contract with Spanish powerhouse Caja Laboral.
In August 2011 he signed a two-year deal with Panathinaikos in Greece.
In July 2012 he signed a two-year deal with Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Super League. In July 2013, he left the team and became free agent.
In July 2013 he signed a one-year deal with the German Eurocup club, Alba Berlin.
Polish national team.
At the 2009 EuroBasket, Logan played for his new home country Poland and averaged 15.5 Points and 4.5 assists per game.

</doc>
<doc id="20542259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542259" title="Epithelial Simple ciliated">
Epithelial Simple ciliated

Epithelial Simple ciliated are cells that contain tiny hair like structures which beat in synchrony. They are similar to Epithelial Columnar. Their main function is to move objects and materials around the body using their hairs.
See also.
Epithelium

</doc>
<doc id="20542262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542262" title="Epidesmia hypenaria">
Epidesmia hypenaria

Epidesmia hypenaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
The wingspan is about 35 mm. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542282" title="Bkhev">
Bkhev

Bkhev (, ), an ancient village in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
Currently almost nothing has remained from this settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20542291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542291" title="Sergei Babin">
Sergei Babin

Sergei Babin is a former Russian police officer who had served in the OMON (special police) detachment sent from Saint Petersburg and is an accused war criminal.
In early 2005 Babin was charged with the robbery and murder of an old man during the notorious Novye Aldi massacre near Grozny, Chechnya in February 2000. After this, Babin went into hiding and was put on the wanted list; later in 2005, the preliminary criminal case investigation was suspended on grounds of having to search for the accused.
Babin himself maintains he was part of an engineering squad sent to dismantle explosives and had served seven tours of duty in Chechnya without killing anyone. Many in the Russian anti-war movement believe he was chosen by the government as a scapegoat and there was a mass protest in support of Babin by the anti-government opposition in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20542292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542292" title="Navish">
Navish

Navish (, ), a village in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
The settlement is fully destroyed, and supposedly the Armenian population of the village left during the 17th century. Only the ruins of St. Stepanos monastery and St. Astvatsatsin church have remained.

</doc>
<doc id="20542293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542293" title="Monoctenia smerintharia">
Monoctenia smerintharia

Monoctenia smerintharia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20542304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542304" title="Festivali i Këngës 47">
Festivali i Këngës 47

Festivali i Këngës 47 took place at the Palace of Congres in Tirana, Albania. There were two semifinals (19 and 20 December 2008) and a final (21 December 2008) with 20 entrants competing. The winner was determined by a jury of 7 judges. The RTSH orchestra was present, but the option of playback was available to the performers. The director was Pali Kuke, and the artistic director was Pirro Çako.
All singers performed their songs in the first semi final. In the second semi, they were joined by another guest singer and performed a different version of their competing song. At the final, they tried to wow the jury by performing the original version of their running songs. Kejsi Tola ended up the winner with the song "Më merr në ëndërr" scoring 126 points.
The Artists.
20 artists competed in FIK 47:
Semi finals.
The two semi-finals were held on 19 and 20 December 2008. No voting occurred and all 20 songs progressed to the final.
Final.
The final of Festivali i Këngës 47 was held on 21 December 2008, with a different running order than in the semi-finals. The winner was decided through the votes of seven jury members, who each awarded 1–20 points to each song.

</doc>
<doc id="20542309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542309" title="Tracy's Landing Tobacco House No. 2">
Tracy's Landing Tobacco House No. 2

Tracy's Landing Tobacco House No. 2 is a historic tobacco barn at Tracy's Landing, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a 24’3" by 45’2" heavy timber framed tobacco barn with a construction date of 1805. It is the earliest identified tobacco house extant in Anne Arundel County, and is one of the earliest recorded examples of this type of agricultural building in Tidewater Maryland.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20542313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542313" title="Barua Sagar Tal">
Barua Sagar Tal

Barua Sagar Tal is a large lake situated in Barua Sagar near Jhansi in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. 
History.
It is a large lake created about 260 years ago by Raja Udit Singh of Orchha, who built the embankment.
The beautiful temple Jarai-ka-Math and the historic forts of Bundelkhand are nearby attractions.

</doc>
<doc id="20542315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542315" title="Tongcheng County">
Tongcheng County

Tongcheng () is the governmental seat and the name of a county in Xianning City, Hubei, People's Republic of China, bordering Jiangxi (to the east) and Hunan (to the south and west) provinces.
Revolutionary History.
The Red 16th Army, stationed at the Hunan-Hubei-Jiangxi Soviet annihilated an entire regiment of the Guomindang/Nationalist army here in December 1930, disrupting its planned siege of the Red base. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542323" title="Ricky Wong">
Ricky Wong

Ricky Wong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20542326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542326" title="Sri Sathya Sai Vidya Vihar">
Sri Sathya Sai Vidya Vihar

Sri Sathya Sai Vidhya Vihar () is a school in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India. The school began functioning in 1984. It was opened by the district collector Sri Ajey Kallam. The school began its mission mainly based on the teachings of Bhagawan Sri Sathya Sai Baba.
Location.
The school is located in Sector 8, MVP Colony, Visakhapatnam.
Infrastructure.
The school has an area of with a circular structure as its main building and adjoining it is an 'L' shaped block which houses the multipurpose yoga hall, science labs, the Vice Principal's room, kindergarten and other classes. It also has a library that has more than 3000 books, a reading room, an art room and an indoor sports room. The round building houses the computer lab, Principal's room, visitors room, audio visual room and the office room. Also enclosed in the campus is a prayer hall (mandir) for conducting religious and service activities.
Management.
Though the school is not directly affiliated with the central trust of Sri Sathya Sai Organisations, Prasanthi Nilayam, it does receive guidance from these quarters. The school is under the State Trust of Sri Sathya Sai Seva Organizations. The head of the governing body is Sri.G.K.Mukunda Rao. Other members of the committee include Sri.S.G.Chalam the State President of Sri Sathya Sai Organisation, Andhra Pradesh,Late Sri D.S.N.Murthy,Late Sri V.R.Reddi, Sri.N.Prasad Rao, Sri Anjanaiah and Sri.Ranga Rao.
Faculty.
The first principal was Mrs. Prameela Abburi (1984 - 2000). She was succeeded by Mrs. A. Kausalya, who continues to be the principal till date. Mr. P. Purnanand serves the school as its present Vice-Principal.
Academics.
The school runs under the CBSE system of education teaching from L.K.G through standard 10. The school follows comprehensive evaluation system for the primary sections so as to avoid the examination stress. The school achieved an aggregate of 97% for the academic year 2008-2009 in the CBSE standard 10 board examinations. Out of the 88 students that appeared for the exam in 2009 36 students secured more than 90% and all of them passed in first class. During the academic year 2010-11, Out of 99 students that appeared Class X CBSE Board Exam 20 students secured 10 out of 10 CGPA (Cumulative Grade Point Average).
Extra-curricular.
There are four houses, all students are members of one of these: 
Sathya :- meaning Truth - Yellow,
Dharma :- meaning Right Conduct - Red,
Shanthi:- meaning Peace - Blue,
Prema :- meaning Love - Green.
The students of these houses compete against each other for house marks. The house with the highest marks wins the 'Best House Award'. The other categories for awards are:-
The school has courts for basketball, volleyball, badminton and throwball, with tennis and chess equipment in the indoor sports room. Matches are held between the houses in all of the sports events.
The 'Saturday Special' is held on the last Saturday of every month in which the students compete against the students of other houses in events like quiz, dumb charades, singing, and playing musical instruments.
To promote and protect the Indian culture, the school has formed a heritage club under the INTACH Visakhapatnam chapter. It was named 'SHREYAS' and promotes awareness among the Vizagities about the local heritage. The school conducted a 5 km long 'Heritage Walk' from the school campus to the Hawa Mahal via the 'Kurupam Monument' fondly known as the 'Taj Mahal' Of Visakhapatnam.
The school has an audio-visual room which houses musical instruments and audio equipment. Devotional and refreshing music is played during recess and during the morning assembly.
Morning assembly.
The school's morning assembly includes talks by faculty and students, and music sessions. Every Thursday there is a Bhajan session which is in line with the activities of Sri Sathya Sai Organizations. Other days morning assemblies includes singing songs of all the religions, and chanting of hymn.
Awards.
The school has been awarded the INTACH 'Best School Heritage Award' for the years 2006-2007 and 2007-2008. The school won the INTACH Heritage Quiz Award for the year 2006-2007 and were the runners up in the year 2007-2008.
The students of the school won the Ahamakia award for which the students got to meet the former President Of India His Excellency A.P.J.Kalam on his visit as the President to The Fleet Review on 12 February 2006 at the Manasi Auditorium NSTL, Visakahapatnam. On 13 March 2009, Dr.A.P.J.Abdul Kalam came to the school.
Other awards include the Bharath Vikas Parishad Award for singing.
Alumni.
The alumni organization is called as Students of Sai(SOS). As stated in the website "Students of Sai" of the organization, the main mission behind this organization is to serve the needy and assist the newer generations of students. A discussion board called "SoS Connect" is also accessible from the website once a user logs in, enabling alumni to discuss career counselling, connect with their batchmates, find old memories of their school life, and know when the next reunion dates and plans.
1990.
The batch of 1990 (Second batch to pass out) met in December 2011 in hyderabad and elected the following office bearers:
President: 
Secretary: Chakravarthi Akiri and 
Treasurer: Kishore Bharani Putta.
Alumni wishing to join, contact these folks. Current items on the agenda are a 25th year reunion and a yearbook.

</doc>
<doc id="20542328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542328" title="Nair Almeida">
Nair Almeida

Nair Filipe Pires de Almeida (born January 23rd, 1984 in Catumbela), Benguela province, is an Angolan handball player who began her career in a small handball team called Escola de Andebol da Restinga, do Lobito (EARL). She competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens and at the 2005 World Championship. At the 2007 World Championship Angola finished 7th, while Almeida scored 57 goals and was number six on the list of top scorers. She played for Angola at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="20542332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542332" title="Baysayeva v. Russia">
Baysayeva v. Russia

Baysayeva v. Russia was an April 5, 2007, European Court of Human Rights ruling in the case of forced disappearance of a Chechen man Shakhid Baysayev, which unanimously held Russia responsible for serious violations of the European Convention on Human Rights. The decision was the latest in a series of judgements against Russia in cases connected to the war in Chechnya.
In its unanimous judgment, the Court made a number of important findings:
The panel of seven judges, which included the Russian judge, ordered Russia to pay the applicant Asmart Baysayeva 50,000 Euro in compensation for moral damages. The government was also obliged to take steps to properly investigate Baysayev’s disappearance. 
At the time of the ruling some 200 similar cases were pending before the Strasbourg court. An estimated 5,000 people have "disappeared" in Chechnya since the start of the Second Chechen War in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20542333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542333" title="Hiroyuki Takaya">
Hiroyuki Takaya

Hiroyuki Takaya (Japanese: 高谷裕之, "Takaya Hiroyuki", born June 10, 1977) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in DREAM and Strikeforce, where he is the DREAM Featherweight Champion. He has previously fought in the Shooto, K-1 Hero's, Cage Force and WEC. He was the runner up of the Dream 2009 Featherweight Grand Prix losing to Bibiano Fernandes by a split decision. He avenged this loss at Dynamite!! 2010 to become the new champion. His main style of fighting is considered to be street fighting due to his experience fighting on the street hence he is known as the "Streetfight Bancho".
Mixed martial arts career.
Takaya made his professional debut in the Shooto organization in a fight against Hayate Usul in 2003. After a 9-4-1 record in Shooto, Hero's, and Cage Force including bouts against top mixed martial artists like current Strikeforce Lightweight Champion Gilbert Melendez, Hero's Lightweight runner up Genki Sudo, and former Hero's Middleweight Champion Gesias Calvancante Takaya made his American debut at WEC 32 where he fought, and lost to, Leonard Garcia by knockout. Takaya then lost to Cub Swanson at WEC 37 losing by Unanimous Decision but won fight of the night honours.
DREAM.
Takaya was a participant in Dream Featherweight Grand Prix.
Takaya beat Jong Won Kim, Yoshiro Maeda and Hideo Tokoro en route to the finals, before losing to Bibiano Fernandes via split decision become the runner up of the tournament.
Takaya scored the biggest win of his career over former Dream Lightweight Champion Joachim Hansen on May 29, 2010 at DREAM.14 with 28 seconds left in the first round. It was the first knockout defeat in the 10½-year career of Hansen, who lost his second fight in a row since dropping to featherweight earlier this year and the first win for Takaya after two consecutive losses.
On December 31, 2010, Takaya defeated Bibiano Fernandes via unanimous decision and became the DREAM Featherweight Champion.
He recently fought at against Kazuyuki Miyata and successfully defended the DREAM Featherweight Championship.
Takaya defended his title on December 31, 2011 at , defeating Takeshi Inoue via unanimous decision.
Strikeforce.
Takaya recently fought on April 9, 2011 at . He lost his fight against Robbie Peralta via split decision.
Kickboxing.
He lost to Hiroki Shishido by unanimous decision after being knocked down twice in round one at "Shootboxing 2013 - Act 2" in Tokyo on April 20, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20542344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542344" title="Shrdju">
Shrdju

Shrdju (, ), one of most ancient villages in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
In the second half of 19th century the last Armenian population (60-80 families) left the village. The empty village has ruins of a church and other constructions.

</doc>
<doc id="20542348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542348" title="Nearcha dasyzona">
Nearcha dasyzona

Nearcha dasyzona is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20542351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542351" title="Christian de Boisredon">
Christian de Boisredon

Christian de Boisredon, writer, social entrepreneur and producer.
Founder of Sparknews, Cofounder of Reporters of Hope (Reporters d’Espoirs) and Cofounder/producer of the Yunus Movie Project.
The World Hope Tour.
Christian de Boisredon was born in 1974. When he was 24, he travelled around the world, looking for men and women who were moving the world forward.
After this “World Hope Tour”, the book written by Christian and his two travel companions ("L’Espérance Autour du Monde", ed Pocket at Vivendi Universal Publisher) became a bestseller and was translated into several languages.
The preface was signed by Dominique Lapierre (City of Joy, O Jerusalem!, Freedom at Midnight…) and Céline Dion.
This project was the first socially responsible world tour and was the catalyst for a wave of socially engaged travel.
The launch of the book organised by Christian brought together 3500 people who each paid 10 euros to be at the launch conference: a first in the world of publishing in France. This confirmed the public’s deep interest in the subject. The book quickly became the third biggest seller on Amazon and appeared on several bestseller lists.
It is interesting to note that the book initiated an important wave of engagement: a lot of readers who were touched by the story left to work on the projects described in the book, especially for microcredit banks.
Reporters of Hope.
While a consultant in strategy and change management in the consulting firm BearingPoint (ex Arthur Andersen), he co-founded a social business, Reporters of Hope (Reporters d’Espoirs), and encouraged a large group of media CEOs (TV, Radio, Press and Internet…) to focus on solution-based information.
The first event united important figures of the press at the headquarters of UNESCO with more than 1200 opinion leaders and more than 350 journalists and editors.
In 2007, Reporters of Hope (Reporters d’Espoirs) becomes the first and the only press agency specialized in the treatment of initiatives and solutions, filling the void left by the big press agencies, like AFP and Reuters.
This Press Agency provides most of the large media with content.
It is a social business based on Professor Muhammad Yunus’s definition (Nobel Peace Prize Winner): the investors recover their investment but do not receive dividends and cannot sell their shares for profit. The benefits of Reporters of Hope (Reporters d’Espoirs) are invested back into the company’s development. This reinvestment allows social businesses to prosper without financial pressure from shareholders.
Christian de Boisredon, passed on the presidency to Pierre Nougué and the managing rôle to a CEO in 2007 in order to focus on his other projects.
The Yunus Movie Project.
In 2006, Christian de Boisredon co-founded a production company to produce a feature film based on the life of Professor Muhammad Yunus, inventor of Microcredit. Two months later, the latter won the Nobel Peace Prize.
Phyllida Lloyd, the director of "The Iron Lady" (starring Meryl Streep) and "Mamma Mia!" (the biggest hit ever made by a female director and 5th biggest hit of 2008) is attached to the project as well as David Thompson, former head of BBC Films and Tessa Ross, head of Film 4 and coproducer of "Slumdog Millionnaire" among other films.
Sparknews.
In 2011, Christian de Boisredon created a social business start-up with a similar underlying philosophy to "Reporters of Hope" but with an international approach. Sparknews is a TV and press reports aggregator focused on solution based content. The site will be launched in May 31, 2012 at an event organized with the Global Editors Network, during the news World Summit, gathering 400 international editors in chief. Anyone will be able to watch or embed videos dealing with initiatives or social entrepreneurs' stories. The idea is also to create a network of journalists interested in dealing with this subject matter in order to connect them to each other and to share with them solution based stories.
Speaker.
Christian frequently appears as a speaker in the media and at conferences: OECD, UNESCO, Global Entrepreneurship week, Danone, Leroy Merlin, Science-po, HEC, ESCP, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20542354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542354" title="Cornel Țălnar">
Cornel Țălnar

Cornel Țălnar (born 9 June 1957) is a retired Romanian football winger and current manager of Oman FC.
Playing career.
Țălnar was born in Bărăbanţ, Alba County and began playing for Dinamo Bucharest in the country's first division (Divizia A) in 1977. Țălnar was capped 6 times in the Romanian national football team between 1979 and 1981.
Coaching career.
After he retired, Țălnar was the head coach, in Liga I, of Inter Sibiu (1995–1996), Dinamo Bucureşti (1996–1997, 2007–2008), Universitatea Cluj-Napoca (1997–1998), FC Braşov (1998–1999) and Ceahlăul Piatra Neamţ (2000–2001).
After Walter Zenga resigned from Dinamo Bucureşti in the autumn of 2007 he was appointed as iterim coach. He was again appointed as interim coach of Dinamo Bucharest after Gheorghe Mulţescu resigned in the beginning of 2008. He was again appointed as interim coach of Dinamo Bucureşti after Marin Ion resigned in October 2009 and led the team until June 2010 when he was replaced by Ioan Andone. In December 2012 he replaced Dorinel Munteanu as head coach of Dinamo Bucharest, starting his fifth spell at the helm of the club. He was sacked at the end of the season after he failed to qualify the team for a European competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20542357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542357" title="Danny Kelleher">
Danny Kelleher

Daniel John Michael (Danny) Kelleher was a first-class cricketer. 
Educated at St. Mary's Grammar School, Sidcup and Erith College of Technology, he represented Kent Schools at both cricket and rugby.
Spotted at Dartford CC, he joined Kent in 1985, for whom he would play all of his first-class matches. A right arm fast medium bowler and aggressive lower order batsman, he took 77 wickets and scored 565 runs in 34 games for the county. 
During his début season in 1987, he took 6 for 109 against Somerset at Bath, figures which would be the best of his career. In 1988, he hit a forty-two ball fifty—including four sixes and five fours—against a touring West Indian side, having earlier taken the wicket of Richie Richardson.
Kelleher was released by Kent in 1991. He later signed a contract with Surrey but did not appear for them in first-class cricket. 
He died by his own hand in 1995 at his home in Erith, Kent after overdosing on Prozac. He was a nephew of Harry Kelleher, who played for Northants and Surrey in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20542376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542376" title="Nearcha nullata">
Nearcha nullata

Nearcha nullata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is mainly found in Australia, more specifically in the South-Eastern quarter, including Tasmania.
The wingspan is about 30 mm. 
The larvae feed on Dillwynia parvifolia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542381" title="Estamirov and Others v. Russia">
Estamirov and Others v. Russia

Estamirov and Others v. Russia was a European Court of Human Rights ruling in the case of the February 5, 2000, Novye Aldi massacre in Chechnya, which unanimously held Russia responsible for violations of Articles 2 (right to life) and 13 (right to effective remedy) of the European Convention of Human Rights. The case was brought to the European Court by several members of the Estamirov family together with the British solicitor Gareth Peirce and the organization Russian Justice Initiative.
On October 12, 2006, the court held the Russian state responsible for the summary execution of five members of the Estamirov family in the Novye Aldi suburb of the Chechen capital Grozny, including a pregnant woman and a one-year-old child (the bodies were discovered the same day, burnt and with gunshot wounds). The court noted that the Russian government had not disputed that the area was controlled by Russian federal forces at the time, and the government did not provide any explanation for its assertion that these deaths were not linked to numerous other deaths in that area on that day. The Court noted that the investigation into the deaths had not been completed and that the individuals responsible were not identified or indicted; because of this and other shortcomings the Court found that the Russian state had also violated its obligation to conduct a proper investigation. It also expressed its dissatisfaction with the Russian government's refusal to disclose all documents concerning the investigation into the deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="20542385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542385" title="Jarai-ka-Math">
Jarai-ka-Math

Jarai-ka-Math is a beautiful temple dedicated to goddess Amba in Barua sagar near Jhansi in Uttar Pradesh, India.
History.
Jarai-ka-Math was Built during the reign of the Pratiharas. The temple dates backs to approximately 860 AD, this red sandstone temple is a pancharata shrine of the Panchayatan type, in which the main temple is surrounded by four subsidiary shrines at the four corners. Declared a protected monument by the Archaeological Survey of India in 1928, the temple is an excellent example of early Pratihara architecture.
About.
The temple is a repercussion to the vigorous temple-building activity which became a characteristic feature of the Chandellas. The temple is dedicated to Devi (Amba or Durga) whose multifarious forms are represented in the profusely carved sculptures along the temple walls. The temple stands on elevated ground dominating its surroundings. The main image of the deity is missing from the sanctum sanctorum. Only the pedestal, and the jeweled right foot of a female placed on a lotus stalk, remains. This detail is traditionally associated with the goddess Tara or Mateswari. The placement of a miniature, sixteen-armed image of a goddess on the central lintel of the entrance further supports the conjecture that the temple is dedicated to a goddess. Erotic sculptures, akin to those at Khajuraho, also grace the Jarai-ka-Math.

</doc>
<doc id="20542388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542388" title="Musayev, Labazanova and Magomadov v. Russia">
Musayev, Labazanova and Magomadov v. Russia

Musayev, Labazanova and Magomadov v. Russia was the July 26, 2007, ruling by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) in the case of the February 2000 Novye Aldi massacre in Chechnya, which unanimously held Russia responsible for violations of Articles 2 (right to life) and 13 (right to effective remedy) of the European Convention of Human Rights. The three applications, which the Court joined into one case, concerned the murders of 11 civilian persons committed during a rampage in the Chechen capital Grozny by the Russian OMON special police unit.
In its ruling, the Court said:

</doc>
<doc id="20542401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542401" title="Dublin, Georgia, micropolitan area">
Dublin, Georgia, micropolitan area

The Dublin Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in Georgia, anchored by the city of Dublin.
At the 2000 census, the micropolitan area had a population of 53,434; on July 1, 2009 the population was estimated at 57,595.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 53,434 people, 20,213 households, and 14,421 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 63.28% White, 34.92% African American, 0.19% Native American, 0.69% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.34% from other races, and 0.55% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.14% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $27,929, and the median income for a family was $34,125. Males had a median income of $29,182 versus $19,941 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $14,574.

</doc>
<doc id="20542403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542403" title="Jusman Syafii Djamal">
Jusman Syafii Djamal

Jusman Syafii Djamal (Born in Langsa, East Aceh, Aceh, July 28, 1954, age 55 years) is the Minister of Transportation of Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20542408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542408" title="Ilda Bengue">
Ilda Bengue

Ilda Maria Bengue (born October 30, 1974) is a retired Angolan handball player.
Summer Olympics.
Bengue played for Angola at the 2000 and 2004 Summer olympics in Athens, in which she ranked 4th with 38 goals and at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
World Cup.
She competed in the 2005 and 2007 World Championships, the latter in which Angola finished 7th, (the country's best performance ever) with Bengue scoring 56 goals and ranking 9th on the championship's list of top scorers.
Yahoo! Sports Profile

</doc>
<doc id="20542410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542410" title="Oenochroma vinaria">
Oenochroma vinaria

The Pink-bellied Moth ("Oenochroma vinaria") is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of Australia.
The wingspan is 50-70 mm. 
The larvae feed on "Grevillea", "Banksia" and "Hakea" species. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542427" title="Stratify (clinical trials)">
Stratify (clinical trials)

Stratification of clinical trials, is the partitioning of subjects and results by a factor other than the treatment given. 
Stratification can be used to ensure equal allocation of subgroups of participants to each experimental condition. This may be done by gender, age, or other demographic factors. Stratification can be used to control for confounding variables (variables other than those the researcher is studying), thereby making it easier for the research to detect and interpret relationships between variables. For example, if doing a study of fitness where age or gender was expected to influence the outcomes, participants could be stratified into groups by the confounding variable. A limitation of this method is that it requires knowledge of what variables need to be controlled.
Types of stratification.
Stratified random sampling designs divide the population into homogeneous strata, and an appropriate number of participants are chosen at random from each strata. Proportionate stratified sampling involves selecting participants from each strata in proportions that match the general population. This method can be used to improve the sample's representativeness of the population, by ensuring that characteristics (and their proportions) of the study sample reflect the characteristics of the population. Alternatively, disproportionate sampling can be used when the strata being compared differ greatly in size, as this allows for minorities to be sufficiently represented.
Stratification is sometimes called blocking, and may be used in randomized block design.
Stratified purposive sampling is a type of typical case sampling, and is used to get a sample of cases that are "average", "above average", and "below average" on a particular variable; this approach generates three strata, or levels, each of which is relatively homogeneous, or alike.
Stratification is used in quota sampling, a non-random method in which the researcher identifies strata of the population and pre-determines how many participants are needed from each strata. This is considered a better method than convenience sampling, as it attempts to ensure different strata are properly represented. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542445" title="Australian pop music awards">
Australian pop music awards

Australian pop music awards are a series of inter-related national awards that gave recognition to popular musical artists and have included the "Go-Set" pop poll (1966–1972); "TV Week" King of Pop Awards (1967–1978); "TV Week" and "Countdown" Music Awards (1979–1980); and "Countdown" Music and Video Awards (1981–1986). Early awards were based on popular voting from readers of teenage pop music newspaper "Go-Set" and television program guide "TV Week". They were followed by responses from viewers of "Countdown", a TV pop music series (1974–1987) on national broadcaster Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC). Some of the later award ceremonies incorporated listed nominees and peer-voted awards. From 1987 the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) instituted its own peer-voted ARIA Music Awards.
1966–1972:"Go-Set" pop poll results.
Teen-oriented pop music newspaper, "Go-Set" was established in February 1966 and conducted an annual poll during 1966 to 1972 of its readers to determine the most popular personalities. Readers were provided with coupons to vote for their choice, with initial categories of 'Male Vocal', 'Female Vocal' and 'Group' for both Australian and International acts – in later years new categories were introduced and old categories renamed or retired.
1966.
Printed in "Go-Set" on 5 October 1966, pages 12 & 13.
1967.
Printed in "Go-Set" on 9 August 1967, pages 12 & 13. Categories were renamed, e.g. Male Vocal became Top Male Singer.
1968.
Printed in "Go-Set" on 19 June 1968, pages 12 & 13.
1969.
Printed in "Go-Set" on 28 June 1969, pages 10 & 12. Categories back to original names, e.g. Top Male Singer returns to Male Vocal.
1970.
Printed in "Go-Set" on 11 July 1970, pages 6 & 7. New categories introduced: Guitarist, Drummer, Composer. Ceremony for the Australian acts was held at Dallas Brooks Hall, East Melbourne, and was broadcast on 30 June by Seven Network.
1971.
Printed in "Go-Set" on 10 July 1971, pages 2 & 3. New categories introduced: Best Album, Best Single, Best Bass Guitarist.
1972.
Printed in "Go-Set" on 30 December 1972, pages 5 & 6. New category introduced: Newcomer; with old categories retired: Best Guitarist, Best Drummer, Best Bass Guitarist.
1967–1978: King of Pop Awards.
Teen-oriented pop music newspaper, "Go-Set" was established in February 1966 and conducted an annual poll of its readers to determine the most popular personalities. In 1967 the most popular performer was Normie Rowe and when the results were televised on the unrelated "The Go!! Show" there was a crowning of Rowe as 'King of Pop'. In the following years, "TV Week" provided coupons for readers to vote for their choice, a similar system had been in use for TV's Logie Awards since 1960. The 'King of Pop' awards ceremony was broadcast by the 0–10 Network from 1967 to 1975, and from 1976 to 1978 by the Nine Network. On the 0–10 Network, from 1972, it was run by Johnny Young's production company (Lewis-Young Productions) which also provided "Young Talent Time".
1969.
Durbin is often referred to as the 'Queen of Pop', however:
1971.
Guest presenter: Liberace
Award winners:
1972.
Award winners:
1973.
Guest presenter: Davy Jones (ex-The Monkees)
Award winners:
1974.
Ceremony details: Held on 8 March 1974, guest presenters: David Cassidy, Gary Glitter. A compilation album titled "King of Pop '74–'75" was released with tracks supplied by previous winners and guest presenters. Next to the list of various artists, the cover depicts the trophy that was presented to award winners.
Award winners:
1975.
Ceremony details: Held October 1975, live performance: AC/DC "High Voltage"
Award winners:
1976.
Award winners:
1977.
Performer: Mark Holden
Award winners:
1978.
Ceremony details: Held on 13 October 1978, hosted by Glen Shorrock, guest presenters: Kate Bush, Leif Garrett
Award winners:
1979–1980: "TV Week"/"Countdown" Music Awards.
"Countdown" was an Australian pop music TV series on national broadcaster ABC-TV from 1974–1987, it presented music awards from 1979–1987, initially in conjunction with magazine "TV Week" which had sponsored the previously existing 'King of Pop' Awards. The "TV Week"/"Countdown" Rock Music Awards were a combination of popular-voted and peer-voted awards. 
"The award year below relates to the year of achievement and not the year they were presented."
1979.
Ceremony details: Held on 13 April 1980, broadcast on "Countdown" by ABC-TV, the "TV Week" Rock Music Awards for 1979 presented a revamped awards ceremony with 'King of Pop' title replaced by 'Most Popular Male' and 'Queen of Pop' replaced by 'Most Popular Female'. Hosted by Glen Shorrock of Little River Band, there were three live performances: Christie Allen "He's My Number 1", Australian Crawl "Beautiful People" and Split Enz "I Got You". Various music industry personalities explained the categories, announced nominees and presented the 1979 awards. 'Most Popular' awards were voted for by readers of "TV Week" sending in printed coupons, with the three highest reader responses read out as nominations. Industry awards were voted for by radio programme directors, rock magazine editors and journalists. Presenters included Darryl Cotton, Richard Gower (Racey), John O'Keefe (son of Johnny O'Keefe), John Farnham, Colleen Hewett, Graeme Strachan, Ian "Molly" Meldrum, and Harry Casey (KC & the Sunshine Band).
Award winners and nominees:
1980.
Ceremony details: Held on 16 March 1981 at Regent Theatre Sydney, and broadcast on 22 March, it was hosted by "Countdown" host Ian "Molly" Meldrum and international guests Suzi Quatro and Jermaine Jackson. Presenters included: Lee Simons, Donnie Sutherland, Marc Hunter, James Freud, Graham Russell, Russell Hitchcock and David Tickle. Performers were: Split Enz "History Never Repeats", Flowers "Icehouse", The Swingers "Counting the Beat", Air Supply "Lost in Love", "Every Woman in the World" and "All Out of Love", Australian Crawl "The Boys Light Up". Cold Chisel performed the last live number, "My Turn to Cry", to close the show and then trashed their instruments and the set. Sponsors "TV Week" withdrew their support for the awards and "Countdown" held its own awards ceremonies thereafter.
Award winners and nominees:
1981–1986: "Countdown" Music and Video Awards.
"Countdown" was an Australian pop music TV series on national broadcaster ABC-TV from 1974–1987, it presented music awards from 1979–1987, initially in conjunction with magazine "TV Week" which had sponsored the previously existing 'King of Pop' Awards. After Cold Chisel performed at the 1980 awards ceremony, and then trashed their instruments and the set, sponsors "TV Week" withdrew their support and "Countdown" held its own awards ceremonies until the 1986 awards which were broadcast in 1987. The awards ceremony was co-produced by Carolyn James (aka Carolyn Bailey) during 1981–1984 in collaboration with the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), which provided peer voting for some awards. "Countdown" provided coupons in the related "Countdown Magazine" for viewers to vote for some awards including 'Most Popular Male Performer', 'Most Popular Female Performer', 'Most Popular Group' and 'Most Popular International Act'. From 1987 ARIA instituted its own entirely peer-voted ARIA Music Awards.
"The award year below relates to the year of achievement and not the year they were presented."
1981.
Ceremony details: Broadcast on 18 April 1982, hosted by Ian "Molly" Meldrum with presenters: Greedy Smith, Ross Wilson, Michael Hutchence, Duran Duran, Sharon O'Neill, Renée Geyer, John Swan, John Paul Young, Daryl Braithwaite, Alex Smith and Angry Anderson. Performers were: Men at Work, Sharon O'Neill, Renée Geyer, Mental As Anything, Billy Field, Mondo Rock and the Divinyls.
Award winners and nominees:
Nominees included: Men at Work, Divinyls, Moving Pictures, Sharon O'Neill, Renée Geyer, Billy Field, Mental As Anything, Marcia Hines, Split Enz, Mondo Rock, Australian Crawl, Cold Chisel, Midnight Oil.
1982.
Ceremony details: Held on 19 April 1983. 
Award winners and nominees:
Nominees included: The Angels, Moving Pictures, Goanna, Jo Kennedy, Divinyls, Eurogliders, Rose Tattoo, Split Enz, The Reels, Icehouse, Men at Work, Skyhooks.
1983.
Ceremony details: Held on 15 April 1984 at the Palais Theatre, presenters included: Ross Wilson, Glen Shorrock, Pat Wilson, Graeme "Shirley" Strachan, Greg Ham, Ian "Molly" Meldrum, Jon Farriss, Michael Hutchence, Marc Hunter, Billy Idol. Live performers: Kids in the Kitchen "Bitter Desire", Models "I Hear Motion", Ross Wilson and Pat Wilson "Strong Love", Pseudo Echo "A Beat for You", Billy Idol "Rebel Yell", Tim Finn "In a Minor Key". The closing live performance was by an ensemble including Shorrock, Lynne Randell, Jim Keays, Darryl Cotton, Debbie Byrne, Strachan, Keith Lamb, John Paul Young, Daryl Braithwaite, and Hunter to commemorate the 25th Anniversary of Johnny O'Keefe's version of "Shout!".
Award winners and nominees:
1984.
Ceremony details: Held on 19 May 1985 at Sydney Entertainment Centre, and broadcast on 25 May, it was hosted by Greedy Smith, presenters included: Brian Mannix, Meat Loaf, Vicki O'Keefe, Sharon O'Neill, Ian "Molly" Meldrum, Nik Kershaw, Grace Knight and Bernie Lynch (Eurogliders), Julian Lennon, Jenny Morris, Sean Kelly and James Freud (Models), Alan Johnson and Danny Simcic (Real Life), Suzanne Dowling ("Rock Arena" TV show host). INXS won seven awards and closed with a live performance of "Burn for You", dressed in Akubras (hats) and Drizabones (outdoor coats/oilskin jackets).
Award winners and nominees:
1985.
Ceremony details: Held on 14 April 1986 at Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Centre, and broadcast on 20 April, it was hosted by Ian "Molly" Meldrum and presenters included: Grace Knight and Bernie Lynch (Eurogliders), Rick Mayall and Ben Elton (The Young Ones), Sting, Vince Sorrenti, Brad Robinson, Zan Abeyratne, Richard Page, Iva Davies, Brian Canham, Brian Mannix, Tim Finn, Dee C Lee, Suzanne Dowling and Bob Geldof. Performers were: Pseudo Echo "Living in a Dream", Eurogliders "Absolutely", Do-Ré-Mi "Theme from Jungle Jim", Kids in the Kitchen "Current Stand", Mr Mister "Kyrie", Models "Let's Build it Up", I'm Talking "Do You Wanna Be?". At the awards ceremony fans of INXS and Uncanny X-Men scuffled and as a result ARIA decided to hold their own awards, which were the entirely peer-voted ARIA Music Awards first held in 1987.
1986.
Ceremony details: Held on 19 July 1987 at Sydney Opera House, it followed the last regular "Countdown" show. It was hosted by Ian "Molly" Meldrum who revealed his bald head in imitation of Peter Garrett of Midnight Oil. Performers included: Icehouse "Crazy", Angry Anderson "Suddenly", and Mental As Anything "He's Just No Good".
By the time of the last "Countdown" award ceremony, the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) had already instituted its own entirely peer-voted ARIA Music Awards, with its first ceremony held on 2 March 1987 at the Sheraton Wentworth Hotel in Sydney. Elton John was the host but the ARIAs were not televised with presenters including Basia Bonkowski, Slim Dusty and Donnie Sutherland.

</doc>
<doc id="20542448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542448" title="Emerson Rodwell">
Emerson Rodwell

Edwin Emerson Rodwell MM (12 April 1921 – 27 February 2011) was an Australian soldier, cricket player, umpire, commentator and administrator. He fought in World War II, in New Guinea, and Borneo, and was awarded the Military Medal. Rodwell was an opening batsman and a prolific run-scorer at club level, and represented Tasmania on 15 occasions at first-class level, captaining the side five times between 1950–51 and 1955-56. He also played three times for a first-class "Tasmanian Combined XI". During his captaincy Tasmania won their first first-class match after a winless period of over 20 years, making him the first successful Tasmanian captain since Jim Atkinson in the early 1930s.
Early life.
Born in Glenorchy, Tasmania, Emerson Rodwell attended The Hutchins School in Hobart and showed an early talent as an athlete. He was a promising Australian rules football player, who regularly represented Hutchins in the Old Scholars Football Association (OSFA), but his true talent lay in cricket. By the age of 15 he had made his senior debut for his local side, Glenorchy Cricket Club in the Tasmanian Grade Cricket competition, and was at ease batting against adults at that young age. He played as an aggressive opening batsman, and enjoyed attacking opening bowlers. By the age of 17 his name was already being discussed amongst state selectors, when his career was interrupted due to the suspension of all grade cricket following the outbreak of World War II.
Military career.
Emerson Rodwell enlisted in the Australian Army in 1940, after turning old enough to do so. He was attached to the 2/24th Battalion of the 26th Brigade, and infantry brigade of the 9th Division. Although the 9th Division had initially served in North Africa, including at the Siege of Tobruk, Rodwell never served in Europe or North Africa. Rodwell's service throughout the war was in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II. He initially fought in New Guinea until 1943, and then in 1945 his Battalion went on to Borneo where they played a vital part in the allied victory. During the Battle of Tarakan Rodwell was recommended for the Military Medal for his bravery in attacking enemy positions. The award was made for his actions during the attack on the "Wills feature". He was a Bren gunner with 1 section, 16 platoon, D Company 2/24th when his section commander was killed. Despite the fact it was his first time in action, Rodwell took command of the remaining members of the section, then placed himself in full view of the main loophole of a Japanese-held concrete pillbox, and fired his Bren gun at the loophole to give another member of his platoon chance to knock-out the pillbox with a flamethrower. The award was gazetted on 3 July 1945.
He was discharged from the Army in November 1946, having obtained the rank of Warrant Officer Class 2.
First-class career.
Despite the interruption of more than six years to his cricketing career due to the war, Rodwell returned to Glenorchy Cricket Club after being demobbed, and set about where he had left off by terrorising the competition in the 1946-47 season. He immediately caught the attention of the state selectors, who finally gave him his long-awaited first-class debut against Victoria at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in January 1948. On debut he made 14 and 23, but performed much better with the ball, taking 3/67 in the first innings, but not getting to bowl in the second, as Victoria won by 10 wickets within 9 overs.
Rodwell made the only first-class century of his career on 25 January 1950. Going into the second day of a three-day game against Victoria, the Tasmanians were trailing by 12 runs on the first innings. They began their second innings with an excellent partnership between Ronald Thomas and Rodwell, taking the score past 100 without loss. Thomas soon departed, but Rodwell was in the finest form of his career, soon passing 100 himself. However, once he reached the milestone, he was dismissed soon after for 104, caught behind by Bert Wright off the bowling of Bernard Considine. His century had given Tasmania a lead of 297, but Victoria chased down the runs, winning by 4 wickets.
By 1950 Rodwell had been appointed as state captain, and enjoyed reasonable success, winning one and drawing two of the five matches he led the side for. It was an astute piece of captaincy on the part of Rodwell that led to the victory. After winning the toss and putting Victoria in to bat first, Tasmania skittled the Victorians for 119, setting up the victory. In 1956, Rodwell, at the age of 35 decided to retire from first-class cricket having scored 709 runs and taken 8 wickets in 18 matches, and then returned to concentrating on his career at Glenorchy Cricket Club.
Tasmanian grade cricket career.
Rodwell was one of the premier club cricket players of the immediate post-war period in Tasmania. He dominated the Tasmanian Grade Cricket competition as both a batsman and as a captain. Playing as an aggressive opening batsman for his beloved Glenorchy Cricket Club, whom he represented for his whole club career, Rodwell amassed 11,542 first grade runs from 337 innings at an average of 38.47. He also had the competition's highest season average on six occasions, and was the leading run-scorer five times. During the 1949-50 season he compiled 1071 runs for the season, still the competition's second highest tally behind Ronald Morrisby who made 1099 runs in 1950-51. His club career total of 11,542 is the third highest total in the competition's history behind Ronald Morrisby who made a remarkable 16,000 runs exactly, and Kenneth Burn who made 12,100 runs in his career. In the 1950-51 season Rodwell made his highest score of 215 against Kingborough Cricket Club at their home ground of Kingston Beach Oval.
Rodwell's prolific run-scoring as an opening batsman leads people to forget he was a talented all-rounder. Although only a medium pace bowler, he was able to move the ball quite dramatically off the pitch, and claimed 331 wickets during his club career. He also once claimed a wicket with a legitimate underarm delivery, as he had realised the technique had not been outlawed in the Tasmanian Grade Cricket Competition. His career best return was 7/44.
Rodwell was equally effective as Glenorchy's club captain. During his captaincy, the club dominated the TCA competition, winning seven titles, and being runner-up three times. They won the competition every season of the 1950s except for two (1954–55 and 1958–59). In all, Glenorchy won eight of their 14 TCA First Grade titles during his time as a player with the club. Rodwell's eight titles is still the most by a single player in TCA history.
Later life.
By the time he finished his playing career, Rodwell was already a life member of Glenorchy Cricket Club, where he continued to work as a club administrator, as well as the club's representative on the Tasmanian Cricket Association. He also worked as a delegate on several TCA sub-committees, and was made Chairman of the Umpire Appointment Board.
By the 1960s Rodwell was commentating on local cricket on 936 ABC local radio, where he quickly became a well known and recognised local celebrity for his expert and colourful analysis of the competition. 
The Emerson Rodwell Medal, named in his honour in 2007 is awarded annually to the TCA Best and Fairest Player, in the Tasmanian Grade Cricket Competition. He died on 27 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20542454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542454" title="Sillas River">
Sillas River

Sillas River is a non-existent river believed by Megasthenes (c. 350 BCE-290 BCE) (an Greek traveller and geographer who visited India during the third century BCE) to be flowing in India. According to Magasthenes, this river was peculiar in entire world since nothing cast into it would float but strangely would sink to the bottom. Magasthenes had mentioned it in his book - Indika. No such river has been ever found in India or elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="20542474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542474" title="Gottfried Fischer">
Gottfried Fischer

Gottfried Fischer (13 September 1944 – 2 October 2013) was a German psychologist, psychotherapist and psychoanalyst. He is considered to be the founder of psychotraumatology in Germany and has been director of the Institute for Clinical Psychology and Psychological Diagnostics at the University of Cologne from 1995 to 2009.
Life.
Fischer studied psychology and philosophy. He received a doctor’s degree in psychology and qualified as a professor in medical psychology at the University of Freiburg with a thesis on qualitative psychology research with the title: ”Contradiction and change – a dialectic model of change in the psychoanalytical process. A contribution to research on psychoanalytical processes in the framework of a qualitative single case study.”
Fischer supervised the research at the German Institute for Psychotraumatology, which was founded in 1991. He also taught therapy and supervised the German and the European Academy for Psychotraumatology. He managed the Institute for Research in Psychotherapy, Development of Methods and Professional Training for psychological Psychotherapists in depth psychological and analytical Psychotherapy at the University of Cologne. Fischer founded the German Society for the Science of Psychotherapy (DGPTW) and was managerial editor of the magazine for Psychotraumatology, the Science of Psychotherapy and psychological Medicine (ZPPM) and continued to treat patients in his own private psychotherapeutic practice.
Work.
Since 1995 Fischer has been managing the Cologne Help for Victims Project (KOM-Project). In the autumn of 1998 the state parliament of North Rhine-Westphalia decided that the project would be implemented countrywide. As a part of the project the Center for Psychotraumatology was established in the Alexianer Hospital Krefeld in the summer of 2004 as the teaching and research department of the IKPPD. 
Fischer developed a method of etiology orientated treatment of psychical disorders, the Psychodynamic-dialectic Psychotherapy (PdP). This method incorporates elements of behavioral therapy with a psychodynamically guided conception of cases and shaping of relationships. The Multidimensional Psychodynamic Trauma Therapy (MPTT) is used for the psychotraumatic etiology. By using this method on average 10 therapy sessions are sufficient to treat people successfully, who are at risk of suffering from long-term traumatic disorders. 
In cooperation with German companies and institutions Fischer managed preventative procedures for victims of misfortunes. He developed a concept for recuperation weeks for traumatized people and helpers after stressful assignments as well as a training program for risk and personnel management in crisis situations for executives. 
Fischer also developed a documentation and planning system for Psychotherapy and the Treatment of Traumas (KÖDOPS). 
Further fields of teaching in the psychology degree course next to clinical psychology are work-, business and organizational psychology with a focus on the area of clinical institutions, psychotherapy research as well as art psychology and everyday esthetics.
Publications.
Fischer has published about 200 works, including 10 monographs and publisher’s compilations.
"In English:"

</doc>
<doc id="20542477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542477" title="Yalunka">
Yalunka

Yalunka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20542493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542493" title="Bokhoi (Akhaecik)">
Bokhoi (Akhaecik)

Vokhoi (, ), also known as Akhaetsik (, ), is a historical village in the Goghtn Region of Armenia, now included in the Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan. It is now called Alain. 
Armenian populations have settled here since the early Middle-Ages. Now the ruins of St. Khach (Cross) church remain, destroyed at the end of the 19th century, as well as St. Stepanos church, destroyed during an earthquake in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20542495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542495" title="Phrataria transcissata">
Phrataria transcissata

Phrataria transcissata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542510" title="Anthony Flinn">
Anthony Flinn

Anthony Flinn is a British chef, born in Liverpool in 1980, and now based in Leeds. After studying at Huddersfield Technical College, he worked at the Michelin-starred restaurant Lords of the Manor, in Gloucestershire, for two years. Moving on to Barcelona, despite not speaking a word of Spanish, he worked alongside Xavier Pellicer at the Michelin-starred Abac restaurant. From here he moved on to the famous El Bulli restaurant, where he worked for two years with Ferran Adrià.
In March 2004, he opened Anthony's Restaurant in Leeds, with the business backing of his father, also called Anthony. He followed it up with two more restaurants, Anthony's at Flannels and Anthony's Patisserie. In November 2008, a fourth restaurant, the Piazza by Anthony, opened in Leeds Corn Exchange. In March 2013 he relocated his eponymous Restaurant to The Leeds Corn Exchange to sit alongside his Piazza Brasserie All of the restaurants were closed down on 21 June 2013. 
Like Adrià and Heston Blumenthal, Flinn has been linked with the molecular gastronomy movement, notably with his use of "culinary foam". He has disassociated himself with the term however, saying it "gets bandied around too much". 
Although he appeared in the BBC TV series "Great British Menu", he has described himself as "not a TV-style chef", adding "I'm not prepared to sell my soul for TV… I'm not a smiley person and I don't jump around joking about." 

</doc>
<doc id="20542530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542530" title="U-50-class submarine">
U-50-class submarine

The "U-50" class was a class of four ocean-going submarines or U-boats planned for the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during World War I. The design of the boats was based on the Project 835 design purchased from the German firm of Germaniawerft in July 1915. The Navy authorized Ganz Danubius to begin construction of the submarines in Fiume in February 1916. Only two of the planned four boats were laid down, but neither were ever launched or completed. The two incomplete submarines were scrapped after the war ended.
Design.
Austria-Hungary's U-boat fleet was largely obsolete at the outbreak of World War I, and, over the first two years of the war, the Austro-Hungarian Navy focused its efforts on building a U-boat fleet for local defense within the Adriatic. With boats to fill that need either under construction or purchased from Germany, efforts were focused on building ocean-going submarines for operation in the wider Mediterranean, outside the Adriatic.
To that end, the Austro-Hungarian Navy purchased plans for the Germaniawerft Project 835 design on 11 July 1915 in order to build under license in Austria-Hungary. The plans called for a submarine that displaced surfaced and submerged. The boats were to be about long with a beam of and a draft of . For propulsion, the design featured two shafts, with twin diesel engines of (total) for surface running at up to , and twin electric motors of (total) for submerged travel at up to . The "U-50" class boats were designed for a crew of 33 men.
The "U-50" design called for six torpedo tubes—four bow tubes and two stern tubes—and carried a complement of nine torpedoes. The original design specified two 10 cm/35 (3.9 in) deck guns, which were superseded by two 120 mm/35 (4.7 in) deck guns in plans for the third and fourth boats.
Construction.
On 7 February 1916, Ganz Danubius of Fiume received authorization to build two boats of the class, "U-50" and "U-51". These first two boats, which comprised one-third of the six ocean-going submarines under construction in 1916, were followed by orders for "U-56" and "U-57" in September 1918.
Shortages of skilled shipyard workers and materials slowed construction of the boats, and as a result, neither of the first two boats was ever launched, much less completed. The second pair was cancelled before either was laid down. "U-50" was 90% complete at war's end, while "U-51" was only 60% complete. Both boats had been scrapped in place in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20542532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542532" title="Zimbabwe Open">
Zimbabwe Open

The Zimbabwe Open is a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour. It was first played in 1984 and was part of what was known as the Safari Tour, a collection of events in Africa that were played by professionals based on the European Tour during their winter. As a result, it became an event on the European based Challenge Tour in 1991, where it remained for two seasons before moving onto the FNB Summer Tour, which became the Southern Africa Tour and later the Sunshine Tour.
When it was held in the weeks preceding the Nedbank Golf Challenge, the tournament attracted some of the worlds leading players, as they used it as a warm up to the big money invitational. Past winners include major winners Vijay Singh and Nick Price, who along with Mark McNulty is the most successful player at the event, both men having recorded three victories. Ryder Cup player Gordon J Brand is also a past winner.
Due to economic instability in Zimbabwe the tournament lost sponsors and was cancelled prior to the 2002 event. There were many attempts to resurrect the tournament, but none were successful until 2010.
Winners.
^ – "Weather shortened to 54 holes".<br>
PO – "Won after a playoff."<br>
am – "Amateur."

</doc>
<doc id="20542545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542545" title="Out, Out—">
Out, Out—

Out, Out—
<poem>The buzz-saw snarled and rattled in the yard
And made dust and dropped stove-length sticks of wood,
Sweet-scented stuff when the breeze drew across it.
And from there those that lifted eyes could count
Five mountain ranges one behind the other
Under the sunset far into Vermont.
And the saw snarled and rattled, snarled and rattled,
As it ran light, or had to bear a load.
And nothing happened: day was all but done.
Call it a day, I wish they might have said
To please the boy by giving him the half hour
That a boy counts so much when saved from work.
His sister stood beside them in her apron
To tell them “Supper.” At the word, the saw,
As if to prove saws knew what supper meant,
Leaped out at the boy’s hand, or seemed to leap—
He must have given the hand. However it was,
Neither refused the meeting. But the hand!
The boy's first outcry was a rueful laugh,
As he swung toward them holding up the hand
Half in appeal, but half as if to keep
The life from spilling. Then the boy saw all—
Since he was old enough to know, big boy
Doing a man’s work, though a child at heart—
He saw all spoiled. “Don’t let him cut my hand off—
The doctor, when he comes. Don’t let him, sister!”
So. But the hand was gone already.
The doctor put him in the dark of ether.
He lay and puffed his lips out with his breath.
And then—the watcher at his pulse took fright.
No one believed. They listened at his heart.
Little—less—nothing!—and that ended it.
No more to build on there. And they, since they
Were not the one dead, turned to their affairs.</poem>
“Out, Out—” is a poem by American poet Robert Frost, published in 1916. It tells the story of a young boy who dies after his hand is severed by a "buzz-saw". The poem focuses on people's reactions to death, as well as the death itself, one of the main ideas being that life goes on. The poem was apparently based on a true event which is believed to have occurred in March 1910. Raymond Fitzgerald, the son of Frost's friend and neighbour, lost his hand to a buzz saw and bled so profusely that he went into shock, dying in spite of his doctor's efforts.
Frost uses personification to great effect throughout the poem. The buzz saw, although technically an inanimate object, is described as a cognizant being — "snarling" and "rattling" repeatedly, as well as "leaping" out at the boy's hand in excitement.
Frost concentrates on the apparent innocence and passivity of the boy — which is relevant to the time period — as Frost was forced to move back to America due to war in Britain just a year before the poem was written. Bearing this in mind, the poem can be read as a critique as to how warfare can force innocent, young boys to leave their childhood behind, and ultimately be destroyed by circumstances created by the 'responsible' adult.
The last line is detached and blunt, mirroring the soldier's attitude and ability to detach himself from his emotions and continue killing despite the dead bodies surrounding him. It also appears to be somewhat sarcastic; Frost disapproves of our disposable attitude towards life.
The title of the poem is an allusion to William Shakespeare's tragedy "Macbeth" ("Out, out, brief candle ..." in the Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow soliloquy). Macbeth is shocked to hear of his wife's death and comments on the brevity of life. It refers to how unpredictable and fragile life is.
This poem uses some figurative language including onomatopoeia, alliteration, imagery, and many others. Harold Bloom said it is "one of Frost's most respected poems, but it has not received the same depth of critical attention and explication as poems such as "The Road Not Taken (poem)" and "Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening." 

</doc>
<doc id="20542551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542551" title="Adhyaksa Dault">
Adhyaksa Dault

Dr Adhyaksa Dault (born June 7, 1963 in Donggala Regency, Central Sulawesi) is the State Minister for Youth and Sport Affairs on United Indonesia Cabinet (2004–2009). Before that, he was the head of the National Youth Association (KNPI). He is a supporter of the Indonesian 2022 FIFA World Cup bid.
He married with Drg. Mirah Amiriah, the second daughter of Prof Dr. Artono Aris Munandar, Ex head of Electric and New energy, Mining and Energy Department.

</doc>
<doc id="20542568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542568" title="Vik Sahay">
Vik Sahay

Vikram "Vik" Sahay is a Canadian actor best known for playing Lester Patel, a member of the Nerd Herd in the NBC television series "Chuck" on which he became a series regular from the second season, and Rama in the "Roxy Hunter" saga. Sahay's latest role is "Howard" on the NBC television sitcom Sean Saves the World premiering October 3, 2013.
Life and career.
Vik Sahay was born in Ottawa, Canada to Indian parents and attended Canterbury High School of the Arts in Ottawa. He went on to study Theatre Performance at Montreal's Concordia University.
He learned to perform Indian classical dance with his brother Sidharth Sahay. In 1986 and 1987, he appeared on three episodes of the children's television show "You Can't Do That on Television." He was also featured in the television series "Radio Active", playing sportscaster Kevin Calvin. Based on that work, he was selected to appear in "Our Hero" as Dalal Vidya, for which he was nominated for a 2002 Canadian Comedy Award. Subsequently, he also portrayed attorney Anil Sharma on the CBC series This is Wonderland during its second and third seasons.
Sahay has appeared in such films as "Roxy Hunter and the Mystery of the Moody Ghost", "Good Will Hunting", "eXistenZ", "Hollow Point", "Rainbow", "The Ride", "Wings of Hope", "The Rocker", "Amal", and "Afghan Luke". He portrayed Lester Patel, the "HinJew" half of Jeffster!, on the television series "Chuck". He has played a role, 'Prateek Duraiswamy' as Stifler's boss in the film "American Reunion". He was a guest star as a murder suspect on the FOX show "Bones" season 8 episode 13.

</doc>
<doc id="20542575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542575" title="Nedderton">
Nedderton

Nedderton is a village in Northumberland, England about southeast of Morpeth, just off the A192 road.
History.
In the early part of the nineteenth century Nedderton village was described as containing ten houses, a few cottages and a colliery. A Church of England school was built in 1846, funded by the Earl of Carlisle, though it seems many of the children preferred to attend Bedlington or Scotland Gate where the schools were non-denominational. The village also had both Primitive and Wesleyan Methodist chapels.
Geography.
The soil in this area consists of clay with a subsoil of freestone. Chief among crops produced at the beginning of the twentieth century were wheat, oats, turnip and potatoes.
Economy.
Nedderton Colliery was one of the oldest in the Bedlington area; it was sunk in 1818. The Howard West Hartley Coal Company leased the royalty from the Earl of Carlisle. Production increased through the nineteenth century, with around 280 to 300 hewers working and an output of 680 to 700 tons a day. By 1877 however it was no longer viable and the colliery closed. The site was taken over and again a pit was sunk, with coal being drawn by 1888. Nedderton Hall Pit was the last pit to be opened in Bedlingtonshire. It was first owned by a Mr. Wood, but by 1901 had been taken on by the Nedderton Coal Company. The pit was worked until 1943. It was closed during World War II by the Coal Commission, who could not justify the manpower used to keep it running during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20542587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542587" title="Holtzmann">
Holtzmann

Holtzmann may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20542591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542591" title="Inmer">
Inmer

Inmer (, ), also known as Aznamir (, ), village in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
Currently ruins of Armenian church has remained. Armenian population left the village in 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20542594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542594" title="Eucomis autumnalis">
Eucomis autumnalis

Eucomis autumnalis (autumn pineapple flower, autumn pineapple lily) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to South Africa. It is a summer flowering deciduous bulbous perennial. The flower stem to rises from a basal rosette of broad waxy leaves. The stalk (produced from mid to late summer) is tipped with a raceme of up to 125 flowers.
Description.
The bulb of Eucomis autumnalis is up to in diameter. The plant (including the inflorescence) can grow up to tall. The single inflorescence is a cylindrical raceme atop a stout stem, carrying more than 100 flowers, greenish-white in colour. The raceme is tipped with a tuft of leaf-like bracts, looking somewhat like the leaves on a pineapple top (the reason for the common name for this genus). When the flowers have been fertilised, the flowers turn green, making the inflorescence decorative while the trilocular (three-chambered) fruit ripens to produce shiny black round seeds.
Taxonomy.
The specific epithet "autumnalis" refers to its flowering and fruiting time. Different botanists have given a variety of names to this species, often because a variant (subspecies) was treated as a separate species.
Cultivation.
"Eucomis autumnalis" makes a good horticultural specimen. Plant them in groups in the herbaceous border, in large pots, or in rockeries. The flowers last well, in the garden as well as the vase, and after flowering, the ripening fruit on the inflorescence are also decorative. Easy to grow, these bulbs should be planted with their tops at ground level. They prefer a position of full sun (though they will tolerate partial shade), and prefer a rich and well composted soil. Adding well-rotted compost every spring and lots of water during the growing season will result in better flowering in the coming seasons. These plants are winter dormant, and frost hardy to Zone 9 (−7 °C / 20 °F).
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
A cultivar is available under the name "E. autumnalis" 'White Dwarf'. However, , the "RHS Plant Finder" regards this as a variety of "E. zambesiaca" rather than "E. autumnalis".
Propagation.
Propagate "Eucomis autumnalis" from seed sown in spring. Seedlings should emerge within 4–6 weeks. Seedlings should be protected for the first few years and are ready to be planted in the garden in their third year. Seedlings may take up to 5 seasons to bloom. The bulb also may produce offsets, which can be removed while the plant is dormant. The bulblets can then be planted the following spring. Leaf cuttings can be taken while the plant is in active growth. If sections of 5 cm each can be planted in sterilised and well-drained soil are kept is a humid environment, tiny bulbs should form within a few months.
Sterilised bulb scales, leaf bases or flower stalks can be used in tissue culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20542598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542598" title="Newport Market">
Newport Market

Newport Market (also known as Newport Provisions Market) is a traditional Victorian indoor market, built in 1854 in Newport, South Wales. It is an early example of a large-span cast iron-frame building featuring a glass-filled barrel roof.
History.
A market building had occupied the High Street end of the site from around 1817, but was too small by the
middle of the century, and was extended to the new Dock Street in 1865. In 1885 the Corporation
of Newport purchased the site and built the present building. 
The foundations for the present office buildings and tower at the Dock Street end were laid on 13 September 1887 and they were opened by the then Mayor of Newport Henry Faulkner on 1 May 1889. The High Street end was re-aligned and rebuilt in 1934, and comprised an arcade entrance to the market, shops, and a department store, Hills & Steele.
An extension at the High Street end was opened by Mayor Robert Frank Allen on 25 November 1987. It is a Grade II-Listed building situated in the city centre, owned and operated by Newport City Council.
Facilities.
The market houses over 100 stalls over two floors offering a variety of high-quality fresh produce and stock. Stalls include a first-class butchers, greengrocers, a fishmonger, a traditional confectioner's stall as well as being home to Newport's premier Welsh shop, Newport Welsh Gifts. An eclectic selection of Art and Craft stalls, coffee shops and hairdressers reside upstairs alongside the Jerome Gatehouse Collection Military band archive and a huge matchstick model of the Newport Transporter Bridge. The market also houses a Business Centre on the upper floors.
Entrances to the market are located in Upper Dock Street (Market Square), High Street, Market Street and Griffin Street.
In April 2012 a £750,000 refurbishment scheme was confirmed 

</doc>
<doc id="20542620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542620" title="Riyad-us Saliheen Brigade of Martyrs">
Riyad-us Saliheen Brigade of Martyrs

Riyad-us Saliheen (Russian: Риядус-Салихийн, also transliterated as "Riyadus-Salikhin", "Riyad us-Saliheyn" or "Riyad us-Salihiin") is the name of a small "martyr" ("shahid") force of Islamic suicide attackers. Its original leader ("amir") was the Chechen separatist commander Shamil Basayev. In February and March 2003 the group was designated by the United States and subsequently by the United Nations as a terrorist organization. After several years of inactivity, Riyad-us Saliheen was reactivated by the Caucasus Emirate in 2009 under the command of Said Buryatsky; following his death Aslan Byutukayev (more commonly known as Emir Khamzat) became its new leader.
History.
This highly autonomous, small (probably only 20 to 50 members at any given time) group was first founded and led by Shamil Basayev under the name of Riyadus Salihiin Reconnaissance and Sabotage Battalion of Chechen Martyrs (later also known as Islamic Brigade of Shaheeds) in October 1999 as a "special battalion to carry out acts of sabotage" in retaliation for the Grozny missile attack. Basayev took responsibility for a series of suicide attacks in Chechnya and Russia, including the truck bombing which destroyed the Chechen Republic's government headquarters in Grozny and killed over 80 in 2002, the truck bomb attack at Chechnya's FSB headquarters in Znamenskoye which killed more than 50 in 2003, the truck bomb attack at a Russian military hospital in Mozdok, North Ossetia, which killed at least 50 the same year, and a series of "Operation Boomerang" suicide bombings (many of them conducted by women) which have killed over 200 civilians in Moscow and elsewhere in Russian heartland, including 90 killed in the simultaneous aircraft bombings over two Russian regions in 2004. Riyad-us Saliheen also took responsibility for the involvement in the hostage crises in Moscow in 2002 and Beslan in 2004, which together have resulted in more than 500 hostage fatalities. In 2005 the group has been reportedly disbanded by Basayev under pressure from the Chechen separatist president Sheikh Abdul Halim, as a condition for Basayev to enter the official leadership of the separatist government. In any case it did not display any activity for more than four years after September 2004.
In early 2009, the leader of pan-Caucasian mujahideen, Dokka Umarov, announced the revival of the group as Riyad-us-Saliheen Brigade of Martyrs (without its "Chechen" part of the name, although the group is often referred by media as such anyway), saying he has 20 people fully prepared for "martyr operations". Since then the now much more ethnically-diversified group took responsibility for a series of suicide and other attacks in the Russian republics in North Caucasus and elsewhere, including the 2009 car bombing which killed at least 25 at police headquarters in Nazran, Ingushetia, a car bomb assassination attempt at the Ingush president Yunus-Bek Yevkurov, and the killing of scores of policemen in numerous smaller suicide attacks in Chechnya and Ingushetia, and since the beginning of 2010 eventually also in Dagestan. It also took responsibility for the 2009 Sayano-Shushenskaya hydro accident, was blamed by some for the 2010 Moscow Metro bombings, and has also been alleged to be behind the 2011 Domodedovo International Airport bombing.
The most recent operation claimed by the Brigade was the assassination of the convicted Russian war criminal Yuri Budanov in Moscow on 10 June 2011. However, this was refuted by the rebel website Kavkaz Center the very next day, triggering confusion over the original claim.

</doc>
<doc id="20542637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542637" title="Whitley Chapel">
Whitley Chapel

Whitley Chapel is a village in Northumberland, England about south of Hexham, and in the parish of Whitley.
Governance.
Whitley Chapel is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.
Landmarks.
In Whitley Chapel Village Hall is a plaque commemorating those fallen soldiers from Hexhamshire killed in battle during the two world wars. Local historian and publisher Hilary Kristensen was behind the idea and the plaque is the fruit of nearly three years’ work. The plaque was unveiled in 2009 by Hilary Kristensen, Mike Linklater and parish council chairman Brian Massey.
The names recorded on the plaque are:
Religious sites.
The church is dedicated to St Helen.

</doc>
<doc id="20542642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542642" title="List of compositions by Thomas Arne">
List of compositions by Thomas Arne

This list of compositions by Thomas Arne is sorted by genre.
Art songs.
Arne composed numerous art songs throughout his career, most of which were written for the stage. Many of his songs were published in anthologies throughout his lifetime, but the exact number of songs he composed is now unknown. The following is a list of publications which included songs by Arne during his lifetime. The number of songs by Arne is in square brackets.
Catches, canons, glees.
The exact number of catches, canons, and glees composed by Arne is now unknown. He began writing such works for the pleasure gardens in the 1740s but the majority of his output in this area dates from the 1760s and 1770s. Many of his glees were published in anthologies which, aside for a 11 glees written for the Noblemen and Gentlemen's Catch Club, are the only surviving compositions of his in this area. This is a list of the published anthologies containing catches, canons, and glees by Arne. The number of songs by Arne is in square brackets.
Instrumental music.
Arne showed little interest in writing concert music. The instrumental music he did compose derives mostly from his stage works. This list contains his instrumental works that have been published separately from his stage works. Not listed below are a few solo violin and solo double bass pieces whose composition date is now unknown and whose publication did not occur until 1978.
Sacred music.
Compared to his most important English contemporaries, William Boyce and John Stanley, Arne's output of sacred music was incredibly small. The major reason for his lack of contribution to this area was due to his Roman Catholic faith, which was at odds with the Church of England during his lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="20542643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542643" title="ZIS-5 (truck)">
ZIS-5 (truck)

The ZIS-5 () was a 4x2 Soviet truck produced by Moscow ZIS factory from October 1933 on. It was an almost identical copy of the American Autocar Dispatch Model SA truck.
Development.
In 1931 Moscow Avtomobilnoe Moskovskoe Obshchestvo (AMO, Russian Автомобильное Московское Общество (АМО) — Moscow Automotive Enterprise) truck plant was re-equipped and expanded with the help of the American A.J. Brandt Co., and began to produce a new truck with designation of AMO-2. AMO-2 was intended as a replacement of the previous AMO-F15, the first Soviet truck ever built (it was a copy of the Italian Fiat F-15).
Soon AMO-2 was improved, and new models AMO-3 and AMO-4 appeared. In 1933 AMO was rebuilt again and renamed into Factory No. 2 Zavod Imeni Stalina (or Plant of Stalin's Name, abbreviated in ZIS or ZiS) and in Summer first prototypes of the new ZIS-5 appeared.
Production.
Serial production of the new truck started on October 1, 1933. The truck was an instant success and, which together with GAZ-AA, became the main Soviet truck of 1930-50's. It also evolved into the workhorse of the Soviet armed forces: at the beginning of Operation Barbarossa the Red Army could line up 104,200 of those trucks.
Facing the German invasion, in the autumn of 1941 the production line at Moscow plant was stopped and ZIS was moved to Ulyanovsk (on the Volga) and to Miass (in the Chelyabinsk region of the Urals). Production at Ulyanovsk UASZIS lasted from February 1942 to 1944, while UralZIS at Ulyanovsk it began in July 1944; UralZIS fitted the truck radiators with own label and produced it until 1955, well after the end of the war.
In the meantime Moscow ZIS plant had restarted production of these trucks in April 1942, and continued until 1948, when the new ZIS-50 (ZIS-5 with new engine) appeared.
In 1955 UralZIS also modified the ZIS-5: It got new engine and oval fenders, different from pre-war ones. This new model received the designation of UralZIS-355 or ZIS-355.
The ZIS-5V.
At the end of 1941 war shortages of raw materials forced to change the construction of ZIS-5. All changes were focused on simplify construction: the round, stamped wings were replaced with flat, bended ones, cabs and foot boards were now made from wood, brakes were removed from front wheels, rear body had the tailgate swinging only. Sometimes also the right headlight was removed, while bumpers disappeared forever.
The simplified model, designated ZIS-5V, was produced since May 1942 in Ulyanovsk, and later also in Moscow and Miass. Overall production scored about 1 million units (all plants), with ZIS alone producing 532,311 samples. During the War years were produced about 83.000 of ZIS-5 of both versions.
Utilization.
During the war the ZIS-5 was used on all fronts, where it was greatly appreciated for its remarkably simple and reliable construction. Apart for cargo duties, the ZIS-5 was used as a light artillery tractor and for troops transportation (25 soldiers could seat in five benches placed in the rear body). ZIS-5 served also as base for many special trucks, like refuellers, field workshops, ambulances, portee guns or AA platforms.
After the GAZ-AA, the ZIS-5 was the 2nd most used Red Army truck of 1933-1943 period. The intensive growth of Lend Lease trucks shipping in 1943-1944 did not affected the first line use of the "Tryohtonka" (as soldiers called the ZIS-5 for its 3-ton payload), while GAZ-AA got somewhat phased out to secondary roles.
The ZIS-5 showed remarkable service on the "Road of Life", the only supply line to the besieged city of Leningrad, opened on the frozen surface of the Ladoga Lake in the winter months during 1941–1944.This truck have a nick-name Zakhar (Захар,"за характер",on the character).
Export.
ZIS-5 was the first Soviet motor vehicle to be exported. A batch of 100 trucks were sold to Turkey in 1934; other quantities were subsequently purchased by Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, Spain, China, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Mongolia and Romania. Some trophy vehicles were used by Finns who had captured them during the Winter War of 1939-40, and by Germans after the invasion of Soviet Union of June 1941.
Specification.
(*) People who investigated ZIS-5 told that real power of engine was less than proclaimed in official documents and equal to 67-68 hp.

</doc>
<doc id="20542654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542654" title="Ilona Lénárd">
Ilona Lénárd

Ilona Lénárd was born 1948 in Hungary. She is an independent visual artist and realizes large scale urban art projects in cooperation with architect Kas Oosterhuis. During their stay at Theo van Doesburg's studio in Meudon near Paris, Oosterhuis and Lénárd opted for a fusion of architecture and art. From the very start of a project they work on the same scale keeping in mind the same budget in a parallel and interactive process. Their recent sculptural buildings, the Saltwater pavilion at Neeltje Jans, the garbage transfer station Elhorst / Vloedbelt in Zenderen and the music sculpture in Oldemarkt, show where their uncompromising urge for new concepts can lead. Oosterhuis and Lénárd like to describe their work as building bodies, as intelligent sculptures and as bodies generating realtime behavior.
Lénárd and Oosterhuis currently run the multidisciplinary office Oosterhuis Lénárd, based in Rotterdam, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20542659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542659" title="Faith, Hope, Joy">
Faith, Hope, Joy

Faith, Hope, Joy is the studio album by American Southern Gospel Group Young Harmony. The Album was nominated for Album of the Year at the GMA Dove Awards in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20542663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542663" title="Greystead">
Greystead

 
Greystead is a village in Northumberland, England west of Bellingham.
Governance.
Greystead is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.

</doc>
<doc id="20542696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542696" title="Dan Ito">
Dan Ito

Ito appeared for the Hong Kong League XI selection which participated at the 2004 Carlsberg Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20542708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542708" title="Matt Servitto">
Matt Servitto

Matt Servitto (born April 7, 1965) is an American actor, known for his role on "The Sopranos" as FBI agent Dwight Harris. Servitto won a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series for his work on "The Sopranos".He also appeared on all 3 seasons of the Peabody Award-winning series "Brotherhood" as Rep. Donatello and had a guest appearance on "Sex and the City" as Carrie Bradshaw's editor. He also voiced the character of Sam in the 2002 video game, "".
He is a graduate of The Juilliard School in New York City.
Since 2012 he has been a series regular on the original Cinemax series "Banshee" where he plays Deputy Brock Lotus and on the Adult Swim television series "Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell" where he plays Satan.

</doc>
<doc id="20542728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542728" title="List of Dendrochilum species">
List of Dendrochilum species

Dendrochilum is a genus of orchids (Orchidaceae), containing between 100 and over 300 species according to different sources.
While many authors would accept about 150 species or so, numerous new taxa have become known in recent decades. Thus, in this text the more split-up approach is followed pending more up-to-date information, as it seems that the very low species numbers are certainly gross overlumping, and while the very high numbers presented by some authors are probably a result of oversplitting, they are llikely to be closer to the truth.

</doc>
<doc id="20542747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542747" title="Symphony Way Pavement Dwellers">
Symphony Way Pavement Dwellers

Symphony Way Informal Settlement was a small community of pavement dwellers (shack dwellers who live on the pavement) that lived on Symphony Way, a main road in Delft, South Africa, from February 2008 till late 2009. They were a group of families that were evicted in February 2008 from the N2 Gateway Houses.
History of the community.
In December 2007, Frank Martin, a Democratic Alliance Councillor and City of Cape Town mayoral committee member, issued letters to an estimated 300 families in Delft, which granted them permission to move into the houses, and stated that he would accept full responsibility for the consequences. Backyard-dwellers then occupied over 1,500 houses in the N2 Gateway.
In February, over 1,500 families were evicted from the N2 Gateway houses. This was a violent eviction which included the use of rubber bullets. Over 20 people were injured including many women and children. Pictures and videos have circulated taking account of the violence including the shooting of a three-year old child who was shot three times.
In February 2008, residents set up an informal settlement on Symphony Way despite efforts by the City of Cape Town to evict them and move them into a nearby Temporary Relocation Area (TRA) nicknamed Blikkiesdorp. Residents remained occupying the road for 21 months claiming that the TRAs like Blikkiesdorp are created to dump people. 
On 19 October 2009 a Western Cape High Court judge granted an order for the eviction of 103 families to Blikkiesdorp. The majority of residents reluctantly moved off Symphony Way (where they felt safer) and into Blikkiesdorp (which is notorious for crime) in November 2009. In Blikkiesdorp, they have continued to organise under the banner of Symphony Way and have continued their struggle for land and housing.
Community structure and philosophy.
The Symphony Way Pavement Dwellers, also known as the Delft-Symphony Anti-Eviction Campaign, were organised through elected committees that dealt with issues important to the community. The committees were part of the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign umbrella structure and include an executive committee, a children's committee and a night-time crime patrol committee. Their primary focus is housing but the committees also deal with other internal and external issues that are important to the community. Residents resort to the following strategies in their attempts to get issues solved: direct action, legal challenges, popular education, media press statements, actions of solidarity.
In August 2008, a number of Symphony Way residents received publicity when they accompanied over 100 Joe Slovo residents to protest outside the Constitutional Court in Johannesburg.
The Symphony Way book.
The Symphony Way Pavement Dwellers have written an anthology of their struggle for housing and human rights entitled "No Land! No House! No Vote! Voices from Symphony Way" (2011). The Forward is by activist and author Raj Patel and the Introduction is by Former UN Special Rapporteur for housing Miloon Kothari. The book includes factual stories relating to both public and domestic violence, violations of justice, xenophobia, their struggle for land and housing and their assertion of dignity.
The Symphony Way children.
The community made an effort to take care of its children. It set up a creche on the pavement as well as starting their own netball and soccer teams and hosting photography exhibitions by the children.

</doc>
<doc id="20542758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542758" title="Trunis">
Trunis

Trunis (, ), a village in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
The village has gardens, a number of marks of old time constructions, ruins of several churches, caravanserais and other constructions. There is a rock near the village considered a place for pilgrimage.

</doc>
<doc id="20542772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542772" title="Kazimierz Idaszewski">
Kazimierz Idaszewski

Kazimierz Idaszewski (January 16, 1878 in Nochow by Śrem - January 16, 1965 in Wrocław) was a Polish scholar and specialist of the electric machines and of electrochemistry, professor of the universities of Lvov, Silesia and Wrocław, and a member of Polish Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20542783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542783" title="Royal Page Davidson">
Royal Page Davidson

Early life.
Davidson was born in Somerville, New Jersey on October 9, 1870. His early basic education was in a country public school.
Mid life.
Davidson attended the Massachusetts Agricultural College and the University of Wisconsin. He also attended Northwestern Military and Naval Academy and graduated from there in 1889.
Northwestern Military Academy.
Davidson was commandant of Northwestern Military and Naval Academy from 1892 to 1912. He was its secretary and treasurer from 1912 to 1914. Davidson was their superintendent and president from 1914 to 1935. His father Harlan Page Davidson started the Academy.
Notability.
Bicycle Corp.
Davidson organized the first military Bicycle Corps in 1894. It consisted of cadets from the Northwestern Military Academy. Davidson developed the military bicycle corps in the hope that the bicycle would speed up the movement of troops. Davidson staged a cross-country 850 mile expedition to Washington, D.C in the summer of 1897. The maneuvers were done in a military practice as if the Bicycle Corps were traveling in enemy territory. The expedition took 15 days and had much national publicity. Davidson offered the government the services of his Bicycle Corps when the Spanish-American War broke out. He was turned down since the military bicycles had minimum firepower and showed it left the bicycle-rider exposed to retaliation. The new automobile that was being innovated at the time showed better combat possibilities, if it could be properly armed and protected against enemy firepower.
Armored cars.
Davidson was the leading pioneer of armored military vehicles in the United States starting in 1898. He is described as the inventor of the first military vehicle in United States. He made a three-wheeled automobile armed with a gun carriage in 1899. There were many newspaper articles at the time with imaginative stories and drawings of Davidson's military vehicle. Davidson's gasoline military vehicle was much simpler than their futuristic drawings. Later it was developed into the Automobile Battery armored car. Today's historians can trace the lineage of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle back to Davidson's vehicles. Davidson is considered "The Father of American armored cars."
Davidson contributed to various journals that were associated with the military and science. He was an inventor of various military equipment, including a military vehicle radio. He even designed the first field hospital automobile with X-ray equipment.
Fraternities and clubs.
Davidson was associated with the Delta Union and the Delta Upilon Fraternity. He was also a member of the Pines Crest Lakes Club of Avon Park, Florida; Union League Club of Chicago; Army and Navy Club of Chicago; University of Wisconsin Club of Chicago; and the Big Foot Country Club of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin. He was also a Colonel in the Reserve Corps of the United States Army. He was also president of the North Central Academic Association of Colonial Illinois National Guard. He was also associated with the Union League Club, the National Geographic Society, and the Navy League.
Later life and death.
Davidson died on January 16, 1943. He is buried at the Northwestern Military and Naval Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20542792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542792" title="Time Waits for Everyone">
Time Waits for Everyone

Time Waits for Everyone is the ninth studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen, released in 2007. It is Viggo's first release to only feature himself playing piano without the collaboration of anyone else. All tracks are improvisations inspired from trips to Hungary, Germany, Poland, Russia, and according to Mortensen, remembrance of things past.
The album was released on Mortensen's label Perceval Press but was later re-released on TDRS Music along with his next album "At All".
References.
Information of the album

</doc>
<doc id="20542793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542793" title="Tanakert">
Tanakert

Tanakert (, ), settlement in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
Ruins of several chapels, two churches and comparatively well remained St. Astvatsatsin church.

</doc>
<doc id="20542796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542796" title="James Robinson (footballer born 1899)">
James Robinson (footballer born 1899)

James Wilson Robinson (8 January 1899 - "unknown") was a Northern Irish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Belfast. He played for Belfast Junior Football, Manchester United, and Tranmere Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="20542798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542798" title="Dionizy Smoleński">
Dionizy Smoleński

Dionizy Smoleński (October 6, 1902 in Łódź - February 8, 1984 in Warsaw) was a specialist in the theory of combustion, explosives, and internal ballistics.
Smoleński was professor at the Wrocław and the Warsaw University of Technology.
During 1965 - 1969, he was the vice-chancellor of the Warsaw University of Technology. Smoleński was a member of Polish Academy of Sciences, and held the post of scientific secretary, then vice-chairman of this organization. During the Nazi occupation of Poland, he was an officer of the Home Army, vice-chief of arming of the Supreme Command of the Home Army. He was also a member of Sejm of the Polish People's Republic in years 1957 - 1961 and in again during 1969 - 1972.
In 1961, Wrocław University of Technology conferred Smoleński with its first honorary doctorate. 

</doc>
<doc id="20542799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542799" title="Trisha Uptown">
Trisha Uptown

Trisha Uptown (born August 7, 1979; Kentucky, United States) is a pornographic actress, model, and feature dancer. She entered the adult entertainment industry in 1998.
After leaving high school, she became an erotic dancer at a club in Ohio. She then progressed to modelling for various Internet companies, and eventually formed her own sologirl site, TrishaUptown.com, which she continues to run. She later made her move into films, and in 2002 appeared in the mainstream movie, "Rules of Attraction". Her voice was also used in the adult anime film, "Karakuri Ninja Girl". In June 2004, she signed a one-year contract with a film company, Don Goo, who released her first hardcore girl-girl movie, "Maximum Grind: Trisha's Bitches", in November 2004. Uptown won the XBIZ Award for Web Babe of the Year in 2009.
Uptown has been a "Hustler" Honey, and has appeared on the covers of the adult magazines "Taboo", "Club International", "Barely Legal", "Showgirls" and "Gallery". She has an exclusive sex-toy line, called Trisha’s Titanium Line, distributed by the manufacturer Rachel's Pleasures, and in March 2008 she became a spokesperson for Adventure Industries, a distributor of sexual-enhancement products. In 2012, Trisha appeared at the Phoenix Forum and took part in the naked dodgeball tournament, teaming up with Sarah Peachez and Andi Land.

</doc>
<doc id="20542800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542800" title="Harlan Page Davidson">
Harlan Page Davidson

Harlan Page Davidson (September 15, 1838 – January 20, 1913) was an educator in private education.
Early life.
Davidson was born in Hooksett, New Hampshire. The census records show his parents moved to Colebrook, New Hampshire around 1840. His early education was limited to a few weeks during winter in a country public school. Davidson spent most of his early years as a boy helping his father in farming since they had about of land, much of it woods. Davidson was also learning to become a stonemason under his father's training. In 1860 he was seriously injured by an accident which no longer allowed him either of these careers.
Mid life.
Davidson decided at this point in his life to obtain a college education. He first attended the academy at Colebrook, New Hampshire. In 1864 he then entered Norwich University, a military college, and was there towards the end of 1865. He studied science and also Latin and Greek. He graduated from the university. Since Norwich University moved from Norwich to Northfield in 1866, he did not return. 
Davidson had various positions in schools and academies for the next twelve years. He was principal of the Chestnut Hill Academy from 1866 to 1868. From there he worked at a private school from 1868 to 1870 at Phoenixville, Pennsylvania. Then he worked at a high school in Somerville, New Jersey, and ultimately became superintendent of schools in that town from 1870 to 1872. From September 1872 to 1884 he taught at the Collegiate Institute and the Business College in Salem, New Jersey. 
Davidson then became an editor for a newspaper in Jersey City, New Jersey, from 1884 to 1885. The newspaper was devoted to social and political reform. During most of his years in Salem, New Jersey, Davidson founded and produced the Qui Vive newspaper in the cause of temperance. It was largely through the influence of this newspaper that his county he then lived in became the banner Prohibition county of New Jersey. 
Davidson was principal of Leland & Gray Academy in Vermont from 1885 to June 1886. He was then commandant of the Morgan Park Academy in Chicago from 1886 to 1887. He became their superintendent to the summer of 1888. He was also for many years president of the Sheridan Road Publishing Company and became its owner. 
Davidson was an ardent Republican from 1860 until the fall of 1872. He became dissatisfied with the way of the Republican party was legalizing the liquor traffic by the license system. From 1872 until 1878, he was not allied with any particular political party. During those years he worked vigorously against liquor interests and in favor of political reforms. He switched in 1878 from being Republican to the viewpoints of a Prohibitionist. Davidson was commissioned a Colonel in the Illinois National guard in 1890.
Northwestern Military Academy.
In the fall of 1888, he purchased Highland Hall at Highland Park on the north shore of Chicago. Here he renovated the hotel and founded Northwestern Military Academy and became its president. Soon after the opening of the Academy it burned to the ground. Davidson rebuilt it and managed the Academy successfully where it became prosperous. In the early part of the 20th century, it became known as one of the best military institutions in the country. 
In 1892, Davidson, then a Colonel, became president of Northwestern Military Academy when it was incorporated that year. In 1915, Northwestern Military Academy that he founded changed its name to Northwestern Military and Naval Academy. He was president of the Northwestern Summer Naval School since its beginning in 1902.
Degrees and honors.
In 1871, the Lafayette College in Pennsylvania conferred upon him the Master of Arts degree. In 1892, in recognition of his work as an educator, Norwich University conferred upon him the same degree. Davidson taught school for over fifty years.
Politics.
Davidson has held several political positions and was elected an alderman of Highland Park for three successive terms. He was a candidate for Congress from the Seventh Illinois District in the year 1900. In 1904 Davidson was Prohibition candidate for Presidential elector.
Societies and clubs.
Davidson was a member or associated with the following societies and clubs:
Family.
His parents were Samuel Davidson and Lydia (Jackman) Davidson. He married Adelaide Sherman Lord on May 16, 1866. They had two children: Alice Sherman, who was born August 30, 1867, and Royal Page, who was born October 8, 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="20542806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542806" title="Ghuznee Medal">
Ghuznee Medal

The Ghuznee Medal is a British campaign medal that was awarded for participation in the storming of the fortress of Ghuznee in Afghanistan, on 21 to 23 July 1839. This action, the Battle of Ghazni, took place during the First Anglo-Afghan War.
This was the second medal awarded to all ranks of the British Army for a specific campaign, the Waterloo Medal being the first. It was struck in 1839 on the orders of Shuja Shah Durrani, the Shah of Afghanistan, to show his appreciation to the British forces who had restored him to his throne by storming the fortress.
Description.
The obverse depicts the fortress of Ghuznee with the word ‘GHUZNEE’ below, while the reverse has a mural crown surrounded by a laurel wreath and the date ’23 JULY 1839’. The suspender is straight with a ring passing through a smaller loop sweated to the top of the medal. Two separate dies exist for this medal with one having a wider border around the edge than the other. The second also has a narrower and taller fortress. The medal was issued unnamed but many were later privately engraved or impressed in varying styles on the reverse or rim.

</doc>
<doc id="20542810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542810" title="Sam Cookson (Welsh footballer)">
Sam Cookson (Welsh footballer)

Samuel Percy Cookson (born 1891, date of death unknown) was a Welsh footballer. His regular position was as a defender. He was born in Bargoed. He played for Manchester United and Bargoed Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20542839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542839" title="Billy Toms">
Billy Toms

William Toms (born 19 May 1895, date of death unknown) was an Irish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Curragh. He played for Manchester United and Plymouth Argyle.

</doc>
<doc id="20542852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542852" title="Berdak">
Berdak

Berdak (, ), a village in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan.
The village has been located on a hill surrounded by gardens. Ruins of St. Hovhannes church has remained in the village. According to construction recording, the church was the last time reconstructed in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="20542870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542870" title="James Colville (footballer)">
James Colville (footballer)

James Colville was a footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Newton Heath during the 1892–93 season, as well as for Annbank and Fairfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20542875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542875" title="Semenovsky Regiment">
Semenovsky Regiment

Semenovsky Life-Guards Regiment (Семёновский лейб-гвардии полк) was one of the two oldest guards regiments of the Imperial Russian Army.
History.
Peter's Toy Army.
Its history dates back to 1683 from Toy army of Peter I. In 1700 it was designated the Semenovsky Life Guards Regiment (after a village of Semenovskoe near Moscow, where it was initially stationed). From 1723 the regiment was quartered in St. Petersburg.
The Great Northern War.
During the Great Northern War the regiment fought in the Battle of Narva, in 1703 excelled in the siege of Nyenschantz and capture of the Swedish fleet at the mouth of the Neva River, took part in the Prut campaign of 1711.
The Napoleonic Wars.
The entire regiment participated in the wars with France (1805, 1806–07, 1812–14)
19th Century.
It participated in the wars against Turkey (1828–29 and 1877–78).
In 1905, regiment participated in quelling of the armed uprising in Moscow.
World War 1 and disbandment.
During the First world war, the regiment was dispatched to the South-Western front as part of the 1st Guards Infantry Division; the reserve battalion, which remained in Petrograd took part in February revolution in 1917.
In March 1918 the Semenovsky regiment returned from the battlefront to Petrograd and was disbanded the same month.
Revival.
In 2013 President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on re-establishment of the Regiment as The Semenovsky 1st Infantry separate regiment (1-й отдельный стрелковый Семёновский полк), and as part of the The Kremlin Guard.

</doc>
<doc id="20542890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542890" title="Seven (band)">
Seven (band)

Seven was an AOR band formed in Bournemouth who recorded two singles, both having minor success within the UK.
History.
The band formed in 1989, consisting of Mick Devine (lead vocals), Keith Macfarlane (guitar/vocals), Pat Davey (bass guitar/vocals), Simon Lefevre (keyboards/vocals) and Austin Lane (drums).
The band formed from the remnants of the South African band "Face to Face". In 1989/1990, Seven were backing band for two Brother Beyond tours and Jason Donavan. They also toured with The Monkees, and with Richard Marx. Lead vocalist Mick Devine was originally the National Skateboard Champion. The band found themselves signing a deal with Polydor Records after the band sent a demo to Phillip Schofield. Scholfield liked the demo and asked the band to record another. This was followed by a record company person who also liked the band's sound.
UK musician John Parr was hired as producer for the group's first single. The band released their first single in January 1990, titled "Inside Love" which was produced by Parr and written by both Keith McFarlane and Simon LeFevre. The song had a promotional video. The b-side was titled "Till Then" which was produced by Tim Lewis and Mike Parker, written again by McFarlane and LeFevre. "Inside Love" peaked at #78 in the UK, lasting a total of four weeks on the chart.
For the follow-up single, released in June 1990, the band recorded the song "Man With a Vision", produced again by Parr and written by Parr, Mcfarlane and Lefevre. The song had a promotional video. The single's two b-side were titled "Just Close Your Eyes" and "Stranger (In The Night)". "Man With a Vision" peaked at #91 in the UK, spending two weeks on the chart. Parr himself would later record his own version of the song for his 1992 album of the same name "Man With a Vision". Parr would also release his version as a single.
The band recorded two further songs, titled "Until Then", "Be That Girl" however a series of internal struggles and arguments meant that the band soon split.
In recent years, Drummer Lane manages the Drum Dept at Absolute Music, Poole, whilst both Macfarlane and Lefevre returned to South Africa, Devine moved to Market Harborough whilst Davey still lives in Bournemouth, teaches bass in Bournemouth and Poole College and performing regularly with several jazz bands.

</doc>
<doc id="20542892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542892" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1935–1938">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1935–1938

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1935 to 1938. Half of its members were elected at the 19 December 1931 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1932 and finishing on 30 June 1938; the other half were elected at the 15 September 1934 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1935 and finishing on 30 June 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20542895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542895" title="Willamette Bearcats">
Willamette Bearcats

The Willamette Bearcats are the athletic teams of Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, United States. Competing at the non-scholarship National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division III level, the school fields twenty teams. Most teams compete in the Northwest Conference with their primary rivals being Linfield College. The main athletic venues of the school are McCulloch Stadium, Cone Field House, and Roy S. "Spec" Keene Stadium. Willamette moved to the NCAA's Division III in 1998 after previously being a National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) institution. The 1993, men's basketball team won the school's only team national championship, while the 1997 football team lost in the national championship game.
Details.
Willamette University was founded in 1842 in what is now Salem, Oregon. A small liberal arts school, it has an enrollment of 1,810 undergraduates and 659 graduate students for a total student population of 2,469. Intercollegiate teams for the university are football, men’s and women’s basketball, baseball, softball, men’s and women’s swimming, men’s and women’s tennis, women’s volleyball, men’s and women’s crew, men’s and women’s golf, men’s and women’s soccer, men’s and women’s cross country, and men’s and women’s track & field. Since October 2000, Mark Majeski has overseen the twenty teams as Willamette’s athletic director. Bill Trenbeath had served in the role from 1988 to 2000.
Football.
The Willamette football team started in 1894, winning their first game against Pacific University 18 to 4, and finishing the season 1-4-1, losing four games and tying another against the Salem YMCA. In 1895, they went 2-2, including two losses to the University of Oregon and one win against what is now Oregon State University. During the early years of the program teams played a hodgepodge of other teams including games against the school’s alumni, the University of Oregon School of Law, the Chemawa Indian School, the Multnomah Athletic Club, Hill Military Academy, Reed College, 
Mt. Angel College, and the Vancouver Barracks among others. In 1926, Willamette was a founding member of the Northwest Conference along with Pacific, rival Linfield College, Whitman College, the College of Puget Sound, and the College of Idaho, and is still a member of the conference.
On December 6, 1941, the team played the University of Hawaii in Honolulu, losing 20 to 6 in what was supposed to be the first of two post season games. The following day, December 7, 1941, Japan attacked the nearby naval base at Pearl Harbor, stranding the team on Hawaii. The military pressed the team into service to defend the island from possible invasion by giving the players rifles, having them lay barbed wire, posting them to defend storage tanks above the city, and using them as police. Willamette’s team and boosters were able to leave aboard the ocean liner SS President Coolidge on December 19, and arrived in San Francisco on December 25.
During World War II, the school played abbreviated schedules, and did not field a team in 1945, with a return to normalcy in 1946. The school had previously not fielded teams in 1897 and 1898 due to the Spanish-American War and in 1918 due to World War I. Willamette played their first game at the new McCulloch Stadium in 1950, beating Central Washington 21-0. Previously teams played at Sweetland Field, named after former athletic director and coach Dr. George Sweetland, located on campus where the school’s Quad is situated south of Waller and Eaton halls.
In October 1997, Liz Heaston became the first female player in a college football game, kicking two extra points in the game at McCulloch against Linfield. The team was coached by future Boise State and Colorado coach Dan Hawkins, who led the team to a 40-11-1 record from 1993 to 1997. In 2008, Willamette ended the regular season undefeated at 10-0 and winning a conference championship. The team was ranked as high as fourth in Division III, and won first round playoff game. The team lost in the second round of the playoffs to defending champion Wisconsin-Whitewater 30-27, and finished the year 11-1.
Willamette’s team has won conference championships in the Northwest Conference 23 times, most recently during the 2008 season. Other championships were in 1929, 1934 to 1938, 1940 to 1942, 1946, 1947, 1954, 1958 to 1960, 1967, 1968, 1971, 1995 to 1997, and 1999. Willamette made the playoffs in 1968, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2004, and 2008. The 1997 team made the school’s only appearance in a national championship, losing to 14-7 to the University of Findlay in the NAIA title game. Willamette and the conference moved to the NCAA’s Division II in 1998. The university’s overall record through the 2008 season is 472-374-38 and a .555 winning percentage. Former head coach Ted Ogdahl holds the school records for most victories at 98 and for most seasons at the school with 20, compiling a 98-64-10 mark from 1952 to 1971. Roy "Spec" Keene is in second place in both categories with an 84-51-6 record over 17 seasons from 1926 to 1942.
Basketball.
From 1923 until 1974 the basketball team played home games at the Willamette Gymnasium, now the Theatre Playhouse. The men's team won or shared the conference title in 1949 to 1942, and 1958 to 1960. 
The Bearcats appeared in the NAIA Division I men's basketball national tournament 3 times; 1960, 1972, 1975. The Bearcats lost in the first round each year. In 1993, the men’s basketball team won the NAIA Division II national championship, with coach Gordie James winning national coach of the year honors.
Soccer.
From 1987 to 1991, the Bearcat women won five straight NAIA District II titles. In 1998, the women’s soccer team complied a 19-1-4 record and lost in the NCAA Division III national semifinal game. The team finished 16-1-2 in 2003, but missed the playoffs after finishing in second place in the conference. From 1997 to 2004 the women’s team had a 74 game home unbeaten streak. The women won conference championships from 1993 to 1999.
Track and field.
The men's track team won conference championships in 1951 to 1953, 1961, and 1966. From 1981 to 1987 the men’s track and field team won seven consecutive conference titles, coached by Charles Bowles. Beth Fitzgerald won the 800m national championship in 1999, while Jimmy Watts won the title for the decathlon. Race walker Olympian Andrew Hermann graduated from the university in 1993. From 2002 to 2006, both the men’s and the women’s track teams won consecutive conference titles. The men’s team was led by multiple NCAA champion and later Olympic runner Nick Symmonds from 2003 to 2006. The Bearcat women had last won a title in 1978.
Other sports.
In 2002, the men’s cross country team placed fifth at the Division III national championship after winning their second conference title in a row. The women’s cross country team had its highest finish in 2003, placing eighth at the Division III championship after winning a their second conference championship in 2002. Men’s golf won conference titles in 1999 and 2003. The volleyball team won five straight conference championships from 1992 to 1996. In 2006 and 2007, Sarah Zerzan won the NCAA Division III individual title in cross country. The swimming program at the school started in 1974. From 1978 to 1982 swimmer Steve Koga was an All-American four times after winning five national title.
Softball was added at Willamette in 1981.
From 1985 to 1999, the softball team had a losing record each season except 1993. In 2000, the team was ranked for the first time in the program's history. That season the team opened its first home field, located next to the city's railroad station on land donated by the railroad. Nikki Franchi became the school's first All-American in softball in 2008 while setting school records for strikeouts and wins in a season.
The Bearcats baseball team's career leader in wins as a coach is David Wong with 286. He coached the team for 13 seasons from 1991 to 2003 and earned a 286-220-3 record. In 1950, 1953, 1955, 1969, 1986, 1998, and 2001 the baseball team won the Northwest Conference title.
Willamette used to field a wrestling team.
Facilities.
Both the track and fields teams and the football team host home events at McCulloch Stadium. Built in 1950, it is two blocks south of the Willamette campus, with Salem Hospital in between. Next to the stadium is Roy S. "Spec" Keene Stadium, home of the baseball team. Completed in 1989, it includes batting cages. Both stadiums are next to Salem’s Bush's Pasture Park used by the cross country teams for their annual home meet. The softball field is located south of the Tokyo International University of America campus on the east side of 13th Street.
The Lestle J. Sparks Center is the main indoor facility for the school, and contains Cone Field House and Henkle Gymnasium. Sparks was built in 1974 and expanded in 1995. Home basketball games are held in Cone Field House, with swimming meets and volleyball matches also held at Sparks. Sparks contains the offices for the athletic program as well as training facilities. Adjacent to the building on the south is the soccer field, with the main tennis courts nearby. Crew and golf teams do not have practice facilities or venues on campus.
Culture.
The Bearcats official colors are cardinal and old gold. Willamette's original colors of cardinal red and gold were selected in 1895. Fight Bearcats Fight is the official fight song for the school, and Ode to Willamette is the university’s Alma Mater. Blitz is the current mascot, who replaced Barney the Bearcat.
Willamette’s official booster organization is the Willamette Bearcat Club. The Willamette Athletic Hall of Fame was started in 1991 with 16 inductees. As of 2008 the hall had inducted 67 former athletes, 9 coaches, 12 teams, and 10 others. Linfield College to the north in McMinnville is Willamette’s main rival. The Bearcats began facing the Wildcats in football in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="20542921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542921" title="Dear Zoe">
Dear Zoe

Dear Zoe is an epistolary, young-adult novel by the American writer Philip Beard.
Set in 2002 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, it tells the story of 15-year-old Tess DeNunzio, who is wracked by guilt after losing her half-sister in a hit-and-run accident on the day of the September 11 attacks. The novel was selected by "Booklist", a magazine of the American Library Association, as one of the ten best first novels of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20542932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542932" title="Last Battle of the Icemark">
Last Battle of the Icemark

Last Battle Of The Icemark is the Third and presumably final book in the Icemark Chronicles by English author Stuart Hill. It was released on the 7 July 2008 in the United Kingdom and was released on 15 April 2009 in the US. It is currently out of print in the United Kingdom.
Plot summary.
Two years have passed since The Icemark managed to defeat the Polypontian Empire in Blade of Fire. This has caused the Polypontians to break up and many civil wars have started to take their place. With the defeat of the Polypontians at the end of the second book, there is now another enemy of the Icemark. That settles on Erinor of Artemision and her dinosaur cavalry of Tri-horns, creatures described to look like warrior Triceratops, and Oskan's father Cronus, his Ice Demons and his granddaughter, Medea. 
Erinor's dinosaur cavalry move in on what remains of the Polypontian Empire, fully intending to move on to the Icemark afterward and to murder anyone that has a bloodline containing that of the northern Hypolitan. Responding to a plea for help from the Empire, a reluctant Thirrin leads her army into the heart of what was once enemy territory in order to prevent them from invading Icemark as well. Thirrin's strong prejudice against the Polypontians is transformed upon meeting their emperor, who is only a young boy, not yet in his teens, and she realizes that everything she hated about their Empire came from the Bellorum clan. However, by invading the Empire to confront Erinor, the Icemark is left open for an invasion from the Darkness (Cronus and his ice demons). 
While Icemark and their allies are gone, oblivious to the attack, the Vampire Queen defends Icemark in hopes of being given a soul, as her husband was for loving her. When the other vampires hear the undead may have souls, they are willing to sacrifice themselves for the Icemark, and therefore able to delay Medea and Cronus. 
Pious, an imp that has learned the power of friendship and love, is able to give Oskan and Thirrin the warning of the attack after they have defeated Erinor and her armies. 
Oskan, entrusted with the (until that point) secret knowledge that says that Dark Adepts cannot kill the ones they love without dying, defeats Cronus and Medea, though at the cost of his own life.
Characters.
"See List of Characters in the Icemark Chronicles."
"See Medea (The Icemark Chronicles)".

</doc>
<doc id="20542937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542937" title="Harris Performance Products">
Harris Performance Products

Harris Performance Products are a British motorcycle racing and parts manufacturer.
Background.
The family-run company "Harris Performance Products Limited" is based in Hertford. Established in 1972 by Lester Harris and his brother Steve Harris, with a third director Stephen Bayford, the company designs, develops, manufactures and markets road and racing motorcycle chassis and components. Over 2,200 road bikes have been produced and sold from one-off specials to the Harris Magnum range. This included approximately 20 Laverda-based Magnums, amongst others. Harris motorcycles have been successful in all classes of road racing including Grand Prix, Superbike World Championship, World Championship Endurance, Isle of Man TT and top Irish road races. In 1991, Harris became one of only two companies worldwide to be licensed by Yamaha to buy factory race engines for installation in Harris designed and built chassis for the blue ribbon 500cc Grand Prix World Championship class. Harris continues to diversify and is a technical partner to the official Yamaha UK Supermoto team.
They are best known for their Harris Yamaha 500 GP machines which were produced from 1992 onwards. They ran the official Suzuki factory World Superbike Team in 1996‚ 1997 and 1998. Harris Performance Products, founded by Lester and Steve Harris, is not affiliated with L.F. Harris International, which was founded by Leslie Frederick Harris, no relation.
In 2003 Harris Performance teamed up with World Championship Motorsports (WCM) to build new racing bikes under the name "Harris WCM".

</doc>
<doc id="20542940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542940" title="Bardstown Historical Museum">
Bardstown Historical Museum

The Bardstown Historical Museum is a museum of local history in Bardstown, Kentucky, USA, that is located in Spalding Hall, along with the Oscar Getz Museum of Whiskey History.
The exhibits at Bardstown Historical Museum include Native American and American Civil War clothing, weapons and artifacts, items from St. Joseph Preparatory School, Stephen Foster memorabilia, an exhibit about Trappist monks, and other local historic cultural items, documents and photographs. The museum also features a large collection of American silver dating from 1860 to 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20542946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20542946" title="Zaki ur Rehman Lakhvi">
Zaki ur Rehman Lakhvi

Zaki ur Rehman Lakhvi (born c. 1960), sometimes referred to as Zaki ur Rehman Lakhwi, is a top leader of Lashkar-e-Taiba and currently serves as Supreme Commander of operations in Kashmir and as a member of LeT's General Council. He is listed on the NIA Most Wanted list.
Lakhvi, said to be 48 years old as of December 2008, was born in the Okara district of Punjab, Pakistan. He has directed military actions in Chechnya, Bosnia, Iraq and South-east Asia and is referred to as Chachu, or Uncle, by the young trainees.
In 1999 at a three-day annual congregation held at Muridke, he explained the reason for fidayeen suicide squad missions in the aftermath of the Kargil War: "After the Pakistani withdrawal from Kargil and the Nawaz-Clinton statement in Washington, it was important to boost the morale of the Kashmiri people... These Fidayen missions were initiated to teach India a lesson as they were celebrating after the Kargil war`` He said that the next target would be New Delhi.
In 2006, he asked LeT's members to begin training operatives for suicide bombings. In the past, he told operatives to mount attacks in well-populated areas. Indian officials claim Lakhvi also oversaw Azam Cheema, who has been accused of being a leader in the 2006 bombing of the Mumbai rail network that killed more than 200 and left 700 injured.
In May 2008, the US Treasury Department announced that it had frozen the assets of four Lashkar-e-Toiba leaders including Lakhvi.
Involvement in November 2008 Mumbai Attacks.
On December 3, 2008 Indian officials named him as one of four possible major planners behind the November 2008 Mumbai Attacks. He reportedly offered to pay the family of Azam Amir Kasab the sum of Rs.150,000 for his participation in the attacks.
On December 7, 2008 Pakistani armed forces arrested Zaki ur Rehman Lakhvi in a raid on an LeT training camp near Muzafarabad in Pakistani Kashmir. He was among 12 people detained. Pakistan confirmed the arrest but refused to hand over any of its citizens to Indian authorities. Officials stated that any Pakistani citizen accused of involvement in the attack would be tried in Pakistan.
On February 12, 2009 Rehman Malik, adviser to the prime minister on the interior, stated that Lakhvi was still in custody and under investigation as the foremost mastermind behind the attacks.
On 25 November 2009, a Pakistani anti-terrorism court formally charged seven suspects, including LeT commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, with planning and helping execute the Mumbai attacks, an action that came a day before the first anniversary of the brazen assault.

</doc>
<doc id="20543005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543005" title="Jammu (city)">
Jammu (city)

Jammu is the largest city in the Jammu region and the winter capital of Indian administered state of Jammu and Kashmir and situated on the banks of Tawi river. It is a municipal corporation.
Jammu is also known as the City of Temples owing to the number of historical temples and domes of old mosques located within the city. With its fast growing urban agglomerations and booming infrastructure the winter capital of state is the second largest city in the state.
Geography.
Jammu is located at . It has an average elevation of . Jammu city lies at uneven ridges of low heights at the Shivalik hills. It is surrounded by Shivalik range to the north, east and southeast while the Trikuta Range surrounds it in the north-west. It is approximately from the national capital, New Delhi.
The city spreads around the Tawi river with the old city overlooking it from the north (right bank) while the new neighbourhoods spread around the southern side (left bank) of river. There are four bridges on the river. The fifth bridge on the Tawi river is under construction and would be ready soon. The city is not flat. One part is high and other is low and the city spreads on these uneven ridges of very low heights. The Bahu hill and the old city spread on each bank of Tawi are the highest points with the royal Dogra Palace at another height overlooking it. The airport is situated at Satwari.
Etymology.
The name Jammu is derived from its ruler who founded it. Raja Jambulochan founded this city and named it Jambupora which later changed to Jammu. Many historians and locals believe that Jammu was founded by Raja Jambu Lochan in the 14th century BC. During one of his hunting campaigns, he reached the Tawi River where he saw a goat and a lion drinking water at the same place. Having satisfied their thirst, the animals went their own ways. The Raja was amazed, abandoned the idea of hunting and returned to his companions. Recounting what he had seen, he exclaimed that this place, where a lion and a lamb could drink water side by side, was a place of peace and tranquility. The Raja commanded that a palace be built at this place and a city was founded around it. This city became known as Jambu-Nagar, which then later changed into Jammu.
History.
Jammu has historically been the capital of Jammu Province and the winter capital of the erstwhile Jammu and Kashmir princely state (1846–1952).Jambu Lochan was the brother of Raja Bahu Lochan who constructed a fort, Bahu Fort, on the bank of river Tawi.The city name figures in the ancient book Mahabharata. Excavation near Akhnoor, from Jammu city, provides evidence that Jammu was once part of the Harappan civilization.
Remains from the Maurya, Kushan, Kushanshahs and Gupta periods have also been found in Jammu. After 480 CE, the area was dominated by the Hephthalites and ruled from Kapisa and Kabul. They were succeeded by the Kushano-Hephthalite dynasty from 565 to 670 CE, then by the Shahi from 670 CE to the early 11th century, when the Shahi were destroyed by the Ghaznavids.
Jammu is also mentioned in accounts of the campaigns of Timur. The area witnessed changes of control following invasions by Mughals and Sikhs, before finally falling under the control of the British.
The Dev Dynasty ruled it for about 984 years from 840 CE to 1816 CE. The city remained in scientific isolation and lagged behind other Indian cities. Then came the Dogra Rule that revived its ancient glory by building great temples, renovated old shrines, built educational institutes and many more. A 43 km long railway line connecting Jammu with Sialkot was laid in 1897 but it was abandoned after the Partition of India as the railway link to Sialkot was broken. Jammu had no rail services until 1971, when the Indian Railways laid the Pathankot - Jammu Tawi Broad Gauge line. The new Jammu Tawi station was opened in 1975. In 2000, much of the old railway station was demolished to make way for an art centre.
After partition of India, Jammu continued to be the winter capital of state.
Climate.
Jammu, like the rest of north-western India, features a humid subtropical climate (Köppen: Cwa), with extreme summer highs reaching , and temperatures in the winter months occasionally falling below freezing. June is the hottest month with average highs of , while January is the coldest month with average lows reaching . Average yearly precipitation is about with the bulk of the rainfall in the months from June to September, although the winters can also be rather wet. In winter dense smog causes much inconvenience and temperature even drops to . In summer, particularly in May and June, extremely intense sunlight or hot winds can raise the mercury to . Following the hot season, the monsoon lashes the city with heavy downpours along with thunderstorms: rainfall may total up to in the wettest months.
Transport.
Rail.
Jammu city has a railway station called Jammu Tawi (station code JAT) that is well connected with major cities of India. The old railway link to Sialkot was broken after the Partition of India and Jammu had no rail services until 1971, when the Indian Railways laid the Pathankot - Jammu Tawi Broad Gauge line. The new Jammu Tawi station was opened in 1975 and is an origination point for Express trains.
With the commencement of the Kashmir Railway, Jammu Tawi will gain dual importance. All trains to the Kashmir Valley will pass through Jammu Tawi. A part of the Kashmir railway project has been executed and the track has been extended to Udhampur. Some of Jammu Tawi's trains have been extended to Udhampur and would be further extended to Katra with the starting of the Udhampur - Katra railway line in 2013. Jalandhar - Pathankot - Jammu Tawi section has been doubled and its electrification is planned to be completed by mid-2013.
Road.
National Highway 1A which passes through Jammu connects it to the Kashmir valley. National Highway 1B connects Jammu with Poonch town. Jammu is just from Kathua town, while it is from Udhampur city. Katra is also away.
Air.
Jammu Airport is about from Jammu. It has direct flights to Srinagar, Delhi, Chandigarh, Leh and Mumbai and Bengaluru (earstwhile Bangalore).
Local transport.
The city has JKSRTC city buses under and mini buses for local transport which run on some defined routes. These mini buses are called Matadors. Besides this auto-rickshaw service is also available. Local taxis are also available. Cycle rickshaws are also available for traveling short distances.
Administration.
Jammu city serves as the winter capital of Jammu & Kashmir state from November to April when all the offices move from Srinagar to Jammu. Srinagar serves as the summer capital from May to October. Jammu was a municipal committee during 2001 census of India. With effect from 5 September 2003, it has upgraded status of a municipal corporation.
Economy.
Jammu city is the main cultural and economic centre of the administrative division of Jammu. The city has a number of small industries. The industrial estates of Gangayal and Bari-Brahmana are the largest in the entire state. Jammu has a number of foodgrain mills. Jammu also has largest number of shopping complexes, cinemas, recreation centres in the state. At present the real-estate business is flourishing but some anomalies in the constitution of the state have made it to lag behind other cities.
Infrastructure.
Jammu is slowly shaping itself into a developed city.Many recreational spaces are being planned such as multilevel shopping complexes,central business district( bahu plaza) which has all the major joints in the city .The infrastructure is improving with every passing year.Many projects are on their way to completion.
Super Specialty Hospital.
It is one of the major hospitals in the state. currently under construction and located near the Jammu Flyover is a multi facility hospital...
Tourism.
Tourism is the largest industry in Jammu as in the rest of the state. It is also a focal point for the pilgrims going to Vaishno Devi and Kashmir valley as it is second last railway terminal in North India. All the routes leading to Kashmir, Poonch, Doda and Laddakh start from Jammu city. So throughout the year the city remains full of people from all the parts of India. Places of interest include old historic palaces like Mubarak Mandi, Purani Mandi, Rani Park, Amar Mahal, Bahu Fort, Raghunath Temple, Ranbireshwar Temple, Karbala, Peer Meetha, Old city and a number of shopping places, fun parks, etc.
Bahu Fort.
Bahu Fort, which also serves as a religious temple, is situated about 5 km from Jammu city on a rock face on the left bank of the river Tawi. This is perhaps the oldest fort and edifice in Jammu city. Constructed originally by Raja Bahulochan over 300 years ago, the fort was improved and rebuilt by Dogra rulers. Inside the fort, there is a temple dedicated to the Goddess Kali, popularly known as Bave Wali Mata, the presiding deity of Jammu. Every Tuesday and Sunday pilgrims throng this temple and partake in "Tawi flowing worship". Today the fort is surrounded with a beautiful terraced garden which is a favourite picnic spot of the city folk.
Bagh-E-Bahu located on the banks of Tawi river, is a Mughal-age garden. It gives a nice view of the old city and Tawi river. Bagh itself is very beautiful. There is a small cafeteria on one side of the garden.
On the by-pass road behind Bahu Fort, the city forest surrounds the ancient Mahamaya Temple overlooking the river Tawi. A small garden surrounded by acres of woods provides a commanding view of the city.
Opposite the Bahu Fort, overlooking the River Tawi is a temple dedicated to Mahamaya of Dogra decent, who lost her life fourteen centuries ago fighting foreign invaders. The present temple of Bawey Wali Mata was built shortly after the coronation of Maharaja Gulab Singh, in 1849. It is also known as the temple of Mahakali and the goddess is considered second only to Mata Vaishno Devi in terms of mystical power.
Raghunath Temple.
Amongst the temples in Jammu, the Raghunath Temple takes pride of place being situated right in the heart of the city. This temple is situated at the city center and was built in 1857. Work on the temple was started by Maharaja Gulab Singh, founder of the Kingdom of Jammu and Kashmir, in 1835 AD and was completed by his son Maharaja Ranbir Singh in 1860 AD. The inner walls of the main temple are covered with gold sheet on three sides. There are many galleries with lakhs of saligrams. The surrounding Temples are dedicated to various Gods and Goddesses connected with the epic Ramayana. This temple consists of seven shrines, each with a tower of its own. It is the largest temple complex in northern India. Though 130 years old, the complex is remarkable for sacred scriptures, one of the richest collections of ancient texts and manuscripts in its library. Its arches, surface and niches are undoubtedly influenced by Mughal architecture while the interiors of the temple are plated with gold. The main sanctuary is dedicated to Lord Vishnu's eighth incarnation and Dogras' patron deity, the Rama. It also houses a Sanskrit Library containing rare Sanskrit manuscripts.
Peer Kho Cave.
Alongside the same Tawi river are the Peer Kho Cave temple, the Panchbakhtar temple and the Ranbireshwar temple dedicated to Lord Shiva with their own legends and specific days of worship. Peer Kho cave is located on the bank of river Tawi and it is widely believed that Ramayan character Jamvant (the bear god) meditated in this cave. The Ranbireshwar Temple has twelve Shiva lingams of crystal measuring 12" to 18" and galleries with thousands of saligrams fixed on stone slabs. Located on the Shalimar Road near the New Secretariat, and built by Maharaja Ranbir Singh in 1883 AD. It has one central lingam measuring seven and a half feet height (2.3 m) and twelve Shiva lingams of crystal measuring from 15 cm to 38 cm and galleries with thousands of Shiva lingams fixed on stone slabs.
Refugees and migration.
The annual rate of intra-regional migration is estimated between 29% to 35%.
Being comparatively safe from terrorism, Jammu has become a hub of refugees.At present there are about 9-13 lakhs refugees living in and around Jammu in different relief camps. These primarily include Kashmiri Pandit IDP who migrated from Kashmir in 1989 due to terrorism, POK refugees(mainly Hindus), refugees from Reasi, Doda and Kishtwar(both Hindus and Muslims).
Cuisine.
Jammu is known for its sund panjeeri, patisa and its exotic local food — rajma (with rice) is one of the specialty dishes of Jammu. Another specialty of Jammu is kalaadi which is processed cheese.Dogri food specialties include ambal, khatta meat, kulthein di dal, dal patt, maa da madra, rajma, and auriya. Pickles typical of Jammu are made of kasrod, girgle, mango with saunf, zimikand, tyaoo, seyoo, and potatoes. Auriya is a dish made with potatoes. During weddings it is typical to make kayoor and kund.Jammu cuisine features various chaats specially gol gappas, gachaalo, gulgule, rajma kulche, nutri kulche, etc.
References.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20543006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543006" title="Lautaro Formica">
Lautaro Formica

Lautaro Roque Formica (born 27 January 1986 in Rosario) is an Argentine football player currently playing for Asteras Tripolis.
Career.
Formica played for Newell's Old Boys, San Lorenzo and Godoy Cruz during his first professional years. He joined Huracán in July, 2010.
In 2011, he joined Cerro Porteño of Paraguay.
Personal life.
He is the older brother of Mauro Formica, who plays for Blackburn Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="20543015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543015" title="Harry Mingay">
Harry Mingay

Henry Joseph "Harry" Mingay was an English professional football goalkeeper. He spent five years at Blackpool in the 1900s, making over 150 Football League appearances for the club.
Career.
Mingay signed for Bill Norman's Blackpool during World War I, and played for the club during the inter-war years. He made his Football League debut for the club on 30 August 1919, in a 4–2 home victory over Leeds City at Bloomfield Road in the opening game of the 1919–20 season. He went on to start all but one of the club's 42 league games that campaign, keeping sixteen clean sheets in the process. Harold Jacklin deputised for the 4–2 defeat at Birmingham City on 11 October.
In 1920–21, Mingay appeared in the first six and final seven league games, his place in the interim taken by Billy Richardson.
Mingay also sat out the opening three games of 1921–22, but he returned to the line-up when Richardson left the club. He initially only appeared for three games, at which point Jack Hacking took over for six games, but Mingay returned for the remaining thirty league games and one FA Cup tie.
Mingay was ever-present in Blackpool's 43 league and cup games of 1922–23. He also kept five consecutive clean sheets during the club's unbeaten run between 28 August and 16 September.
Frank Buckley succeeded Bill Norman for the 1923–24 season, but Mingay kept his place as the club's first-choice goalkeeper for the 26 league games prior to his departure from the seaside. His final appearance occurred on 2 February, in Blackpool's exit game from the FA Cup at Southampton. Jack Hacking stepped up from his position as Mingay's understudy for the remainder of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20543029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543029" title="1985 African Cup Winners' Cup">
1985 African Cup Winners' Cup

The 1984 season of the African Cup Winners' Cup football club tournament was won by Al Ahly in two-legged final victory against Leventis United. This was the eleventh season that the tournament took place for the winners of each African country's domestic cup. Thirty-five sides entered the competition, with Racing Club de Bobo withdrawing before the 1st leg of the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20543034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543034" title="Stanislav Smrek">
Stanislav Smrek

Stanislav Smrek (born 1 December 1986 in Košice) is a professional Slovak football defender who currently plays for the 2. liga club MFK Zemplín Michalovce.
Career statistics.
"Last updated: 4 January 2010"

</doc>
<doc id="20543040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543040" title="At All">
At All

At All is the tenth album by the actor Viggo Mortensen, released in 2008. The album was recorded before his last album "Time Waits for Everyone" of 2007 and released on the label TDRS Music along with his last album.
The album features the eighth collaboration with avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, plus producer and owner of the label TDRS Music, Travis Dickerson in one song. The rest of the songs are played by Viggo Mortensen alone, according to Mortensen when referring to the album, he said:

</doc>
<doc id="20543041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543041" title="Michael Dalle Stelle">
Michael Dalle Stelle

Michael Dalle Stelle (born 5 July 1990) is an Italian racing driver.
Career.
Formula Azzurra.
Following a career in karting, Dalle Stelle graduated to formula racing in 2007 by taking part in the Formula Azzurra championship. Driving for the Corbetta Competizioni team, he finished seventh in the championship.
Formula Three.
Dalle Stelle moved up to the Italian Formula Three Championship for 2008, where he finished ninth in the drivers' championship.
GP2 Series.
Dalle Stelle was signed by the Durango team to take part in the 2008–09 GP2 Asia Series season from the second round of the championship. He replaced Carlos Iaconelli, and his team-mate was Davide Valsecchi.

</doc>
<doc id="20543059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543059" title="Lost in the Garden">
Lost in the Garden

Lost in the Garden is a midlife-crisis novel by the American writer Philip Beard.
Set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, it tells the story of 45-year-old Michael Benedict, who after the failure of his marriage, moves back with his parents and sets himself a goal of breaking 70 in his golf game and making the Champions Tour by age 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20543078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543078" title="Meredith Small">
Meredith Small

Meredith F. Small (20 November 1950 - ) is a Professor of Anthropology at Cornell University and popular science author. She was born in St. Louis, Missouri. She has been widely published in academic journals, and her research is well presented in her most popular book: "Our Babies, Ourselves". She spent many years studying both people and primate behaviour. Her current area of interest is in the intersection of biology and culture, and how that has influenced parenting. 
Career.
Small entered the field in the late 1970s working on captive macaques at the California Primate Center in Davis, California, where she received a Ph.D. in 1980. She worked in the anthropological genetics laboratory of David Glenn Smith and spent one year in France studying the mating and mother-infant behavior of Barbary macaques. Small also spent some time in Bali, Indonesia, working on crab-eating or long-tail macaques. In 1988 Small moved to Cornell University where she is currently a professor of anthropology, the first woman in the department to become a full professor. In 1995, she was named a Weiss Presidential Fellow, the highest teaching award at Cornell.
Small began writing extensively for the popular audience just before her move to Cornell, and by the 1990s, Small shifted into mainstream journalism, writing articles for such publications as Natural History, Discover Magazine, Scientific American and New Scientist. She regards this work as a form of teaching [http://www.news.cornell.edu/stories/Feb06/Small.facets.lg.html].
In 2005, the American Anthropological Association awarded her an Anthropology in Media award for "the successful communication of anthropology to the general public through the media" and for her "broad and sustained public impact at local, national and international levels."
Her articles have twice been in included in "The Best Science and Nature Writing" series.
From 2007 until 2010 she wrote a weekly column called Human Nature for LiveScience.com and these can still be viewed on line.
Today, Meredith Small lives in the small town of Ithaca, NY, Home to Ivy league school Cornell University, which is where she works, teaching anthropology.
She lives with her daughter, and her cat.

</doc>
<doc id="20543089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543089" title="Mytheon">
Mytheon

Mytheon was a free to play massive multiplayer online video game developed by Petroglyph Games. The game incorporated action, roleplaying, and strategy elements. Players advanced through the game's Greek-mythology-themed dungeons using a deck of collectible spells called power stones.
The game was released on March 3, 2011. After close to 6 months of operation, UTV True Games announced the shut down of the game servers on July 27, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20543119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543119" title="Marcel Schuon">
Marcel Schuon

Marcel Schuon (born April 28, 1985) is a German football player who last played for SV Sandhausen.
Background.
Schuon is involved in the 2009 European football betting scandal and claimed at the law public prosecution department Bochum, only few hours after admitting his involvement was sacked by SV Sandhausen.

</doc>
<doc id="20543137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543137" title="Amanita muscaria var. persicina">
Amanita muscaria var. persicina

"Amanita muscaria" var. "persicina", commonly known as the peach-colored fly agaric, is a basidiomycete fungus of the genus "Amanita". This variant may be distinguished from "A. muscaria" by its peach-colored center.
Recent DNA evidence has shown "Amanita muscaria" var. "persicina" to be a distinct species from "Amanita muscaria" and it will be getting its own species status soon.
Description.
"Amanita muscaria" var. "persicina" has a pleasant taste and odor. It may be poisonous if not properly prepared. It should not be eaten without further research and professional identification.
Cap.
The cap is 4-13 cm wide, hemispheric to convex when young, becoming plano-convex to plano-depressed in age. It is pinkish-melon-colored to peach-orange, sometimes pastel red towards the disc. The cap is slightly appendiculate. The volva is distributed over the cap as thin pale yellowish to pale tannish warts; it is otherwise smooth and subviscid, and the margin becomes slightly to moderately striate in age. The flesh is white and does not stain when cut or injured.
Gills.
The gills are free, crowded, moderately broad, creamy with a pale pinkish tint, and have a very floccose edge. They are abruptly truncate.
Spores.
"Amanita muscaria" var. "persicina" spores are white in deposit, ellipsoid to elongate, infrequently broadly ellipsoid, rarely cylindric, inamyloid, and are (8.0) 9.4–12.7 (18.0) x (5.5) 6.5–8.5 (11.1) µm.
Stipe.
The stipe is 4–10.5 cm long, 1-2 cm wide, and more or less equal or narrowing upwards and slightly flaring at the apex. It is pale yellow in the superior region, tannish white below, and densely stuffed with a pith; the ring is fragile, white above and yellowish below, and poorly formed or absent. Remnants of the universal veil on the vasal bulb as concentric rings are fragile or absent.
Distribution and habitat.
"Amanita muscaria" var. "persicina" is found growing solitary or gregariously, it is mycorrhizal with conifers (Pine) and deciduous (Oak) trees in North America. It is found often in the fall but sometimes in the spring and summer in the southern states. It is common in the southeast United States, from Texas to Georgia and north to New Jersey.
Biochemistry.
This species contains variable amounts of the neuroactive compounds ibotenic acid and muscimol.

</doc>
<doc id="20543159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543159" title="Silvi Vrait">
Silvi Vrait

Silvi Vrait (28 April 1951 – 28 June 2013) was an Estonian singer and music teacher.
Biography.
Born in Kehra in April 1951, Vrait graduated from the Kehra Music School in 1968 on piano.
In 1974 she graduated from the Tartu University on English philology and from 1994, she taught English in a secondary school in Tallinn. Vrait has also coached vocalists at the Tallinn Georg Ots Music School.
Stage career.
Silvi Vrait first appeared on stage in 1972 when she performed in a TV show, and from 1976 to 1983 she was active in theatre Vanemuine in Tartu.
For being a demanded and highly popular soloist in her native Estonia, she has toured and recorded with the likes of Suuk and Fix, both on cult status in Estonia. Her style varies from jazz to country and from rock to folk.
In late 1980s, Vrait was an important figure within the Estonian armless struggle for restoring the independence, the Singing Revolution, for at least two recordings, ""Väikene rahvas, väikene maa" (Small Nation, Tiny Country)" and ""Ei ole üksi ükski maa" (No Land Is Alone)". The latter was performed by a number different important musicians of the Estonian rock scene, such as Kare Kauks, Ivo Linna, Tõnis Mägi, Gunnar Graps and many more besides Silvi Vrait.
Vrait has been in quite a few musicals and operas, such as "Põhjaneitsi" (põhjaneitsi, 1980), "Porgy and Bess" (Bess, 1985), "Zorba" (Leader, 2000), "Cabaret" (Fräulein Schneider, 2012), "Gypsy" (Rose, 1999), "The King and I" (Lady Thiang, 1998), "Chicago" (Mama Morton, 2004) and "The Sound of Music" (Mother Abbess, 2003, reprised in 2010).
In 1994, Silvi Vrait was the representative of Estonia at the Eurovision Song Contest, held in Dublin that year. Her song Nagu merelaine ended up on 24th place, beating only Lithuania.
Death.
In April 2013 Vrait was hospitalized with a brain tumour and died there on 28 June 2013, aged 62. She is survived by her son Silver Vrait.

</doc>
<doc id="20543169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543169" title="Tuscan regional election, 1995">
Tuscan regional election, 1995

The Tuscan regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term.
Electoral law.
Tuscany used for the first time the national "Tatarella Law" to elect its Council. Forty councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists; remained seats and votes are grouped at regional level where a Hare quota is used, and then distributed to provincial party lists.
Ten councillors are elected at-large using a general ticket: parties are grouped in alliances, and the alliance which receives a plurality of votes elects all its candidates, its leader becoming the President of Lombardy. If an alliance wins more than 60% of votes, only 5 candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 45; if the winning alliance receives less than 50% of votes, special seats are added to the Council to ensure a large majority for the President's coalition.
Results.
In the context of the profound political changes that invested Italy between 1992 and 1994, Italian Parliament changed the regional electoral law, adapting them to new majoritarian principle now in vogue in the country, trim and tend bipolar politics. The new political geography, however, did not fit properly to Tuscany where, besides a garrison of right, assumed insignificant importance the presence of Umberto Bossi's Lega Nord, which, instead of the others regions, substained the center-left candidate. Another major innovation had originated in Tuscany: Silvio Berlusconi' party, Forza Italia, had collected anti-Communist orphans of deceased traditional parties. 
The central political alliances had not been followed up at Tuscany, with the Communist Refoundation Party in sharp contrast with PDS because of the contrast into the old party of PCI. PRC accused the PDS and at the same time the Lega Nord accused Forza Italia to be the "trojan horse" for the recycling of the old political class, had led to the arrest of the Northern League's electoral steady ascent, if not also a marked reflux into the consent of the federalist party. Soparadoxically, the Lega Nord substained Chiti.
Election on April 23 saw the success of the broad leftist coalition, grouping progressive ex-Democrats, ex-socialist, ex-communist and greens, and led to presidency Vannino Chiti that, with the majority premium, was able to give life to the first council in the history of the region that managed to last the entire legislature. 
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left rowspan=2 valign=bottom|Candidates
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top|Regional lists
!colspan="5" align="center" valign=top|Provincial lists
!colspan="2" align="center" valign=top|Total
!rowspan="6" align="left" valign="top"|Vannino Chiti
!rowspan="3" align="left" valign="top"|Paolo del Debbio
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Luciano Ghelli
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Vincenzo Donvito
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total candidates
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|2,372,266
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|10
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|2,139,227
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|=
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|40
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|50
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|50
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20543170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543170" title="Paweł Thomik">
Paweł Thomik

Paweł Thomik (; born January 25, 1985 in Zabrze) is a Polish-German footballer who plays for VfL Osnabrück.
Career.
Club.
In July 2011, he joined Górnik Zabrze on three-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20543193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543193" title="East Liberty (novel)">
East Liberty (novel)

East Liberty is a coming-of-age novel by the American writer Joseph Bathanti. 
Set in the 1950s and 1960s in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Italian-American neighborhood of East Liberty, it tells the story of Bobby Renzo, who is raised by his unwed mother and who feels called to the Roman Catholic priesthood.
See also.
Everyday People (novel)

</doc>
<doc id="20543198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543198" title="Sioux Falls School District (South Dakota)">
Sioux Falls School District (South Dakota)

Sioux Falls School District is a public school district located in Sioux Falls, Minnehaha County, South Dakota. Sioux Falls School District serves over 21,000 students as Sioux Falls is the most populated city in the state of South Dakota.
The district has 23 elementary schools, 5 middle schools and 5 high schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20543203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543203" title="Alexandre de Bauffremont">
Alexandre de Bauffremont

Alexandre de Bauffremont (1773–1833) was prince-duke of Bauffremont.
In 1787 he married Marie-Antoinette, daughter of Paul François de Quelen de La Vauguyon. He emigrated to Koblenz on the French Revolution but rallied to Napoleon and accepted the title of comte de l'Empire. He was made a peer of France in 1815 by Louis XVIII.

</doc>
<doc id="20543225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543225" title="Mel Fronckowiak">
Mel Fronckowiak

Melanie "Mel" Nunes Fronckowiak (; born January 16, 1988), is a Brazilian actress, singer, writer and model.
Biography.
Her surname, Fronckowiak, is of Polish origin. A daughter of a psychologist mother Berenice Nunes and André Fronckowiak, the actress was quite active in school and from early childhood had always dreamed of having an artistic career. She participated in the "Grêmio estudantil" and was several times representative of her class. In high school she won a scholarship to a university in Santa Cruz do Sul, where his paternal uncle lived. At 15 years of age, she left home for the first time. She studied journalism in college, with evident support of her family.
At 19 she became a model after winning the title "Miss Mundo Rio Grande do Sul". In the same contest she won the title of "Miss Personalidade" and "Miss Sul Mundo". She went on to represent the state of Rio Grande do Sul in "Miss Mundo Brasil" competition of 2007, winning 2nd place. At the time she was still in college studying journalism. She was then invited by a modeling agency to work professionally. Fronckowiak postponed her schooling, and went on to work in the great centers of world fashion such as Paris, Milan, Madrid and New York City.
In 2008 she was elected "Miss Butt" in a contest sponsored by the brand Sloggi, owned by Triumph International of France. The contest, titled "Show me your sloggi", was contested by models from all over the world, and had as its objective choosing the one man and one woman with "world's most beautiful bottom". Fronckowiak signed a contract with Sloggi, winning a prize of 15000 euro and an insurance policy for her butt.
After working as a model, Fronckowiak did amateur theater and began her television career by doing some commercials. In 2010 she made a cameo appearance in a scene in the Brazilian soap opera "Viver a Vida", playing the character of Duda, a friend of Luciana, the chief protagonist played by Alinne Moraes. In 2010 she signed with Rede Record, and the following year she joined the cast of "Rebelde", where she plays the bulimic character Carla. In fiction, Carla is one of the six vocalists of the band Rebeldes. In real life Fronckowiak is also a part of a band, performing throughout Brazil.
In October 2011 the former model was voted the "Girl of the Year" in Meus Prêmios Nick, the most important teen event sponsored by Nickelodeon Brazil. In 2012 Fronckowiak won two categories in the Troféu Internet, and was nominated to Troféu Imprensa, one of the biggest annual awards and a highlight of Brazilian television.
In May 2013, Mel released the book "Inclassíficavel: Memórias da Estrada" (Unclassifiable: Memories of the Road). According to Mel, a major publisher refused to publish the work for "being difficult to classify." The negative inspired his friend Pedro Cezar, filmmaker, poet and surfer, to suggest the title "Inclassificável". A publisher embryo, the Rubra, decided to release it as the first author of the seal. With foreword by Mexican singer Dulce María, the book includes poetic reflections and a collection of short stories that Mel recorded during their passage through 40 cities in Brazil (totaling approximately 70 shows) with the band "Rebeldes", which was vocalist. Owner of a retinue of million followers on Twitter, it also promotes literary initiatives in the social network, such as the project "Caçadora de Palavras" (Hunter Words), which aims to stimulate the production of poetry amongst young people. Besides the book, Mel lent an excerpt of his poems to stamp t-shirt brand "Poeme-se".
Personal life.
Currently dating actor Rodrigo Santoro. The two have been presented by Nadia Bambirra, assistant director of the soap opera "Rebelde", the Record Network, in which the actress played the bulimic 
Carla. After the teen soap, Mel ran out the flat provided by the issuer and at the invitation of Santoro, went to live in his apartment in Leblon.

</doc>
<doc id="20543233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543233" title="Duke–Maryland basketball rivalry">
Duke–Maryland basketball rivalry

The nature of the rivalry between Duke and Maryland is not viewed in the same manner by the schools' respective fans. While the Duke–UNC rivalry originated from geographic proximity and shared history, Duke fans generally do not view Maryland as a rival to the same degree Maryland fans view Duke. However, several former Duke players have cited Maryland as the team against whom they played their most exciting games. Maryland fans traditionally see the Duke game as the biggest game of the year and have often rioted in College Park after home games, regardless of the outcome. Michael Wilbon, a sports journalist who works for ESPN and formerly wrote for the Washington Post, refers to the Duke–Maryland rivalry as "of the best rivalries in one of the best basketball leagues in the country."
End of the Rivalry.
With the University of Maryland leaving the Atlantic Coast Conference to join the Big Ten Conference at the start of the 2014–15 academic year, the schools' basketball rivalry may come to an end. While Maryland will compete in the ACC for the 2013–14 basketball season, the conference's expansion to a fifteen-team league means that schools do not play every league opponent twice during a given season. Unless they meet in the postseason, Duke and Maryland will play one time during the 2013–14 season on February 15, 2014, at Duke's Cameron Indoor Stadium. Because, as noted above, Duke fans do not share the same view of the rivalry Maryland fans hold, the February 2014 game may not reflect the same bitter atmosphere that may have ensued were the game to be played at Maryland's Comcast Center. To some, including Duke basketball head coach Mike Krzyzewski, the emotion and spectacle that the Duke–Maryland rivalry brings to the ACC are "not going to be there for our conference and for Duke and Maryland anymore."

</doc>
<doc id="20543242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543242" title="François Victor Le Tonnelier de Breteuil">
François Victor Le Tonnelier de Breteuil

François Victor Le Tonnelier de Breteuil (17 April 1686 – 7 January 1743, Issy) was a French nobleman. He was minister for war twice under Louis XV. He was also chancelier, garde des sceaux de la Maison de la reine and commander, provost and grandmaster of ceremonies to the order of the Holy Spirit (1721–1743).
He was a member of the Le Tonnelier de Breteuil family. He was marquis of Fontenay-Trésigny, sire de Villebert, seigneur de Breteuil, du Mesnil-Chassemartin, des Chapelles, de Villenevotte et de Palaiseau, baron de Boitron et de Preuilly.

</doc>
<doc id="20543263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543263" title="Umbrian regional election, 1995">
Umbrian regional election, 1995

The Umbrian regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term.
Bruno Bracalente (Democratic Party of the Left) was elected President of the Region, defeating Riccardo Pongelli (Forza Italia) by a landslide.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20543286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543286" title="Le Tonnelier de Breteuil">
Le Tonnelier de Breteuil

Le Tonnelier de Breteuil was a French surname, held by:

</doc>
<doc id="20543292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543292" title="Shukugawa Station">
Shukugawa Station

Layout.
2 side platforms with 2 tracks are located for the Kobe Line and a side platform with a track is for the Koyo Line on the ground. 
The platform for the Koyo Line is located in the north of Osaka-bound platform. Ticket gates are located in the north and south. There is a bypass between the Kobe Line and the Koyo Line near the north ticket gates, which is used for the trains of the Koyo Line heading to and from Nishinomiya Depot in the east of Nishinomiya-Kitaguchi Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20543296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543296" title="Louis Nicolas le Tonnelier de Breteuil">
Louis Nicolas le Tonnelier de Breteuil

Louis Nicolas Le Tonnelier (14 September 1648, Montpellier - 24 May 1728), baron de Preuilly and of Breteuil was an officer in the royal household of Louis XIV. He is also notable as the father of the mathematician Émilie du Châtelet.

</doc>
<doc id="20543303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543303" title="Miss Earth Canada">
Miss Earth Canada

Miss Earth Canada is a beauty pageant held annually in search of the most beautiful and environmental-friendly woman in Canada. It is the official preliminary to the Miss Earth pageant. The winners are chosen equally on their physical attributes as well as their ability to speak and appear in front of the public to promote environmental awareness. 
History.
Canada was first represented by Michelle Carrie Lillian Weswaldi in the first edition of Miss Earth pageant, Miss Earth 2001. In 2003 the Miss Earth Canada franchise was obtained by Rosotro Productions owned by Ronaldo Soriano Trono, and since 2004, a national contest in Montreal has been held each autumn to determine the winner. The winners promote environmental programs and presentation through activities integrated through daily life. 
Several winners have held awards in the international Miss Earth pageant. Filipino-Canadian beauty, Riza Santos (Miss Earth Canada 2006) was voted Miss Photogenic and Miss Fontana at the Miss Earth 2006 competition and went on to be a host and star in various movies and television shows in the Philippines. Denise Garrido (Miss Earth Canada 2008) won the “Miss Earth Puerto Princesa” title during a pre-pageant swimsuit competition of Miss Earth 2006 held at the Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park. Katherine McClure (Miss Earth Canada 2005) of Toronto was Miss Earth Congeniality in the Miss Earth 2005. 
The Miss Earth Canada pageant produced one winner in the international Miss Earth pageant when Jessica Trisko won the Miss Earth 2007 crown. Trisko became the first Canadian to win the Miss Earth title and spent her reign promoting environmental issues. Aside from Canada and the Philippines, she had the chance to travel during her reign to many countries like China, Puerto Rico, and Singapore. She also travelled multiple times to Indonesia, United States, and Vietnam to meet world environmental leaders and to promote environmental awareness and preservation of the mother earth.
2013 Results.
Miss Earth Canada 2013: Sofiya Chorniy
2012 Results.
Miss Earth Canada 2012: Valérie Rémillard
2011 Results.
Miss Earth Canada 2011: Ashlea Moor 
2010 Results.
Miss Earth Canada 2010: Summer Anne Ross 
2009 Results.
Miss Earth Canada 2009: Lateesha Ector 

</doc>
<doc id="20543310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543310" title="Terry Pashley">
Terry Pashley

Terence "Terry" Pashley (born 11 October 1956) is an English former professional footballer. He played for Burnley, Blackpool and Bury in the 1970s and 1980s, making well over 400 Football League appearances for the three clubs. His position was as a defender, specifically a left full-back. He now works as a coach for Burnley, with the club confirming on 16 October 2012 that he has taken on the role of caretaker manager (following the departure of Eddie Howe to Bournemouth).
Playing career.
Pashley's career started when he was promoted from the youth team to the first-team squad by then Football League First Division side Burnley in 1972. He made his professional début on 18 September 1973, in an Anglo-Scottish Cup tie against East Fife at Turf Moor. He went on to play a total of 20 games for "the Clarets" over the following six seasons, making 18 league appearances in that time. His last game for Burnley came in the 1–2 defeat to Cardiff City on 19 November 1977.
Pashley signed for Bob Stokoe's Blackpool in 1978. He made his debut for the club in the third league game of the 1978–79 season, a 2–1 defeat at Rotherham United on 26 August. He went on to make 34 further league appearances, as well as two in the FA Cup and three in the League Cup.
He appeared in fifty of Blackpool's 52 league and cup games of 1979–80 (under Stan Ternent firstly, then Alan Ball), scoring three goals (all in the league). His first goal occurred in the opening league game of the season, a 2–1 victory over Gillingham at Bloomfield Road on 18 August. The other two came in a 5–4 home victory over Brentford on 13 October, and in a 2–1 defeat against the same opposition in the reverse fixture.
In 1980–81, Pashley made thirty league appearances, again under two different managers – this time Alan Ball and his successor, Allan Brown.
Pashley was ever-present in Allan Brown's first full season in charge, 1981–82, appearing in each of the club's 53 league and cup games. He scored one league goal, in a 3–2 defeat at Aldershot on 17 October.
Brown left the club at the end of the season, and was replaced by Sam Ellis. Pashley was ever-present for the second consecutive season. His 53 appearances in 1982–83 meant he had made 106 consecutive appearances for Blackpool. This was, however, a long way short of Georgie Mee's record of 195 consecutive league appearances for the club. Pashley spent a large portion of the season up front alongside Dave Bamber, and scored three league goals (two from the penalty spot). He also helped put Blackpool into the second round of the FA Cup by scoring in their first-round victory at Horwich R.M.I. He also scored two goals in the League Cup.
Pashley left Blackpool for Bury at the end of the season. He remained at Gigg Lane for six years, making 217 League appearances and scoring five League goals.
Managerial career.
After retiring from playing, Pashley remained in Lancashire and became U18's Manager at Burnley. After former manager Owen Coyle, and other senior backroom staff left for Bolton, Pashley was made joint caretaker manager of the club with Martin Dobson. He held the same position when Eddie Howe left the club prior to Sean Dyche being appointed but this time solely. In his 3 games in charge of the Burnley senior team, Pashley guided the team to a 1–0 home victory over his local side Blackpool F.C.(Only Burnleys 2nd clean sheet of the season) and a 4–3 victory away to Bristol City, where a 96th minute goal from Chris McCann was enough to secure victory. However Terry lost his last game to an inform Cardiff City, who where top of the league at this time, by four goals to nil. Since his arrival at Burnley F.C., as part of the back-room staff, he has quickly made his way up the popularity scale with wins against Manchester United U18's with Burnley U18's and Fulham U18's with the same side. He is now held in high regard by many Burnley fans and is considered a club legend by most.

</doc>
<doc id="20543323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543323" title="Rick Adair">
Rick Adair

Michael Richard Adair (born January 19, 1958 in Spartanburg, South Carolina) was the pitching coach for the Baltimore Orioles and a former minor league baseball player. He was succeeded as pitching coach by Bill Castro and then Dave Wallace, the current pitching coach for the Baltimore Orioles.
Playing career.
As a player, Adair played college baseball at Western Carolina University and was drafted by the then-newly formed Mariners in the third round of the 1979 Major League Baseball Draft. Injuries ended his career seven years later, having peaked at the Triple-A level.
Coaching career.
He has held various coaching jobs since the end of his playing career, mostly as a minor-league pitching coach, with the Cleveland Indians, San Diego Padres, Detroit Tigers, Atlanta Braves, and Toronto Blue Jays organizations. He held major league coaching jobs with Cleveland, Detroit, and Seattle. Prior to being appointed to his former position with Seattle, Adair spent four seasons as a minor-league pitching coordinator for the Texas Rangers.
He was suspended on September 11, 1997, for 2 games after a postgame confrontation with the umpires.
Adair served as pitching coach for the Seattle Mariners Major League Baseball club. In 2011, he was hired as the bullpen coach for the Baltimore Orioles. Adair took over pitching coach Mark Connor's position after the latter resigned on June 14. In August of 2013 Adair went on a leave of absence, due to personal reasons, from his post as the pitching coach of The Baltimore Orioles and was succeeded by Bill Castro.
Personal.
Adair is the nephew of former MLB pitcher and pitching coach Art Fowler.

</doc>
<doc id="20543325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543325" title="Buck-lateral series">
Buck-lateral series

The term buck-lateral describes a football play or a series of plays used in the Single-wing formation. Since the Single-Wing formation lost prominence by 1950, the football play referred to as the Buck-lateral is almost gone from football's vocabulary. However, prior to this time, the buck-lateral play gave fullbacks the option to run, lateral, or hand-off the ball to another player. Running the buck-lateral required an offensive scheme that needed the fullback to possess many specialized skills, as opposed to today's fullback who mainly blocks and carries the ball infrequently.
__FORCETOC__
Origin of name.
Before the invention of the Single-Wing offense by Glenn Scobey Warner, offenses used simple plays designed for runners to attack the defensive front behind massed line blocking. This battering ram approach usually involved the biggest runner, the fullback, as his main role was to "buck" or smash the middle of the defensive front.
The term lateral describes a short toss from one back to another that does not advance the ball. A ball that goes forward to another player is called a forward pass. The pass and the lateral are both allowed to advance the ball when the offense is operating behind their line of scrimmage. Once beyond the line of scrimmage the lateral is the only means of transferring the ball to another player.
The Buck-lateral was a play designed for single wing fullbacks to receive the toss from the center, and start toward the central part of the line to make the play look like a typical smash or buck. However, at some point the fullback might pause to do one of several deceptive options, usually handing-off to passing backs or even keeping the ball and plowing ahead. If the fullback delivers the ball to another back, the new carrier might have several additional options including handing or lateralling the ball to still another back.
Warner's Carlisle formation, or Single-Wing, added additional misdirection and trickery to allow for runners to gain yards by deceiving the defense. The Single-wing also allowed the offense to put more blockers at the point of attack than the defense could muster.
The Buck-lateral series.
The buck-lateral play was actually a series of plays that started out the same way with the fullback taking the direct snap from center, then directing his forward movement toward the middle of the line of scrimmage. The play had several scripted or "read" options to confuse the defense. The player who was given permission to read the play could determine for himself whether to keep the ball or deliver it to another player. The fullback could basically either keep the ball to pound the middle of the line, or he could give the ball to one of the three other single-wing backs, usually the quarterback. Once in possession, the quarterback then continued the possibilities for initiating other permutations to the play.
To understand the mechanics of the play, one has to understand basic terminology of the single-wing formation. tailback was stationed four and one-half yards behind the short-side guard. In a typical formation, the fullback would line up three and one-half yards behind the long-side guard. One and one-half yards behind the tackle or guard, would be the quarterback or blocking back. Finally, the wingback aligns himself to the outside of the opposing defensive tackle. He is only one yard off the line.
In most offenses the tailback was the main ball handler and generator of offense; however, the fullback could also take the direct snap due to his proximity to the tailback. In fact whenever the ball was snapped, one of the two backs would take the snap while the other feigned taking the snap to confuse the defense.
A popular scenario for the buck-lateral saw the fullback with the option to hand-off to the quarterback. The quarterback, on taking the ball, could try to sweep the end or toss the ball to the tailback, who had been paralleling the play more deeply in the backfield. If the tailback takes the lateral from the quarterback, he is in position to sweep the end, or even throw the ball to a receiver down field.
Coaches created different versions of the buck-lateral depending on the versatility of the backfield. In one version the fullback might fake a hand-off to the quarterback, who is standing with his back to the defense to hide the lack of exchange. In another version, the fullback could give the ball to the quarterback, who then might initiate a reverse by giving the ball to the wingback coming back against the flow of the play. In another twist, the quarterback could take the fullback hand-off and complete a jump-pass.
The buck-lateral was especially deceptive and effective, but hard to execute. The single-wing fullback had to have the skills of a modern-day quarterback in handling the ball. Plus, he had to be able to take the punishment associated with bucking the middle of the defense where the bigger, stronger defensive players were stationed. 
When the fullback took the snap, defensive players expected the play to hit the center of the line because the traditional role of the fullback was to grind out yardage between the tackles. Defensive players who rushed to stop the fullback at the guard-center gap might be totally surprised if the fullback slipped the ball to the nearby quarterback who was heading in another direction.
Consequently, single-wing teams that could master the buck-lateral series of plays could be successful by always making the defense guess to where the ball was going. Of course, if the defense loses sight of the ball during the fakes or laterals, then the defense is at an extreme disadvantage.
Today's coaches would call the buck-lateral a gadget play, because it was designed to thoroughly confuse the defense by making its members lose sight of the ball with fakes, counter action, and laterals. Nevertheless, trick plays were also harder to execute and demanded considerably more practice time than less complicated plays.

</doc>
<doc id="20543329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543329" title="Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Castile and León">
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Castile and León

The Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Community of Castile and León:
Primera Regional.
Primera Regional is the fifth level of competition of the Spanish Football League in the Community of Castile and León.
The league.
The Primera División Regional is played in two groups of 18 teams. At the end of the season, the champion of each group and the best runner-up are promoted. Bottom four teams from Group A and bottom three from Group B are relegated to Primera División Provincial Aficionado. Further teams may be relegated to maintain a league of 36 teams.
Primera Provincial.
Primera Provincial is the 6th level of competition of the Spanish Football League in the Community of Castilla y León.
The League.
The Primera División Provincial comprises nine groups (one from each province) from 12 to 18 teams. The nine provincial champions are promoted to Primera División Regional. There are relegations to Segunda Provincial de Aficionados in four provinces; Segovia, León (3 clubs), Valladolid (3 clubs) and Zamora.
Segunda Provincial.
The League.
The Segunda Provincial is played in four provinces Segovia, León, Valladolid (3 groups) and Zamora in six groups of 12 to 20 teams. The top three clubs form León and the three group winners from Valladolid are promoted to Primera División Provincial Aficionado.

</doc>
<doc id="20543331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543331" title="Crack the Sky (Mylon LeFevre and Broken Heart album)">
Crack the Sky (Mylon LeFevre and Broken Heart album)

Crack the Sky is an album recorded by Mylon LeFevre in 1987 and released in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20543350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543350" title="Idskenhuizen">
Idskenhuizen


</doc>
<doc id="20543356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543356" title="Haskerhorne">
Haskerhorne


</doc>
<doc id="20543360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543360" title="Haskerdijken">
Haskerdijken


</doc>
<doc id="20543367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543367" title="Goingarijp">
Goingarijp


</doc>
<doc id="20543370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543370" title="South's Oldest Rivalry (disambiguation)">
South's Oldest Rivalry (disambiguation)

The South's Oldest Rivalry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20543373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543373" title="Doniaga">
Doniaga

After the familyname Donia.

</doc>
<doc id="20543398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543398" title="Index of Panama-related articles">
Index of Panama-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Republic of Panamá.

</doc>
<doc id="20543406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543406" title="Jammu (disambiguation)">
Jammu (disambiguation)

Jammu can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20543411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543411" title="Paris (1979 TV series)">
Paris (1979 TV series)

Paris is an American television series that appeared on the CBS television network from September 29, 1979 to January 15, 1980. A crime drama, the show is notable as the first-ever appearance of renowned actor James Earl Jones in a lead role on television and was created by Steven Bochco, who later achieved fame for "Hill Street Blues" and "NYPD Blue," also served as executive producer.
The program told the story of Los Angeles Police Captain Woody Paris (Jones), who supervised a team of young detectives. The rookie investigators were led by Sergeant Stacy Erickson (Cecilia Hart) and included officers Charlie Bogart (Jake Mitchell), Ernesto Villas (Frank Ramirez), and Willie Miller (Michael Warren). Hank Garrett portrayed Deputy Chief Jerome Bench, Paris' superior, and, in an unusual turn for police dramas of that era, Paris' home and off-duty life was given considerable attention in the plots, with Lee Chamberlin playing his wife, Barbara. Paris was also shown moonlighting as a professor of criminology at a local university.
Although "Paris" was critically acclaimed for its portrayal of the tension between the professional Paris character and his often impetuous underlings, CBS scheduled the show in one of the worst possible timeslots on a weekly schedule: Saturdays at 10 p.m./9 Central. All three networks debuted new shows for the 1979-80 season in that slot; only ABC's "Hart to Hart" survived its first 13 weeks. Toward the end of its run, CBS moved it to Tuesdays at 10/9, but to no avail. Edward DeBlasio produced the show for MTM Enterprises, which would unveil, during the next season, executive producer Bochco's landmark "Hill Street Blues," on NBC (in fact, Warren would join that show's cast as Officer Bobby Hill).
Some years after "Paris" was cancelled, Jones and co-star Cecilia Hart married; they are still together today.
Sources.
"Total Television: A Comprehensive Guide to Programming from 1948 to the Present," Alex McNeil, New York: Penguin, revised ed., 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20543412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543412" title="Mykola Kapustiansky">
Mykola Kapustiansky

Mykola Kapustiansky (February 1, 1879-February 19, 1969) was a General in the army of the Ukrainian National Republic and one of the founders of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists. Kapustiansky was born in Kateryunoslav gubernia (modern Dnipropetrovsk Oblast) in central Ukraine, then part of the Russian Empire. He fought in the Russian-Japanese War and in 1912 graduated from the General Staff Academy in Saint Petersburg, reaching the rank of colonel during the First World War. After the Revolution of 1917 Kapustiansky joined the Ukrainian units of the Russian army and rose rapidly in its ranks, becoming chief of staff of the First Division of the First Ukrainian Corps in August 1917, and in early 1918 chief of staff of the southwestern front. Under the Directory of the Ukrainian National Republic, he served as operations chief and then as general quartermaster of the Army of the Ukrainian National Republic. In 1920 he was promoted to brigadier general. 
After the war, Kapustiansky emigrated to Poland and then to France. Kapustiansky was a founder of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists and a member of its "Provid", or Directorate, from 1929 until his death in 1969. During the rift between Andriy Melnyk and Stepan Bandera within the OUN, he took the side of the more moderate and conservative Melnyk. When the Germans occupied Ukraine during the Second World War, Kapustinsky served as vice-president of the Ukrainian National Council in Kiev but was later arrested and imprisoned by the Germans. During WWII, he cooperated with the Nazis and tried to establish a Ukrainian section in the Wehrmacht. After the war he settled in Munich and became the first chief of the military section of the Government-in-exile of the Ukrainian National Republic. He wrote "Pokhid ukraïns’kykh armii na Kyïv–Odesu v 1919 rotsi" (The March of Ukrainian Armies on Kiev–Odessa in 1919; 1922, 2nd edn 1946) and numerous articles on military affairs. 

</doc>
<doc id="20543471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543471" title="Linus Cheung">
Linus Cheung

Linus Cheung Wing Lam, JP () (born 1948 in Hong Kong) was the chairman of Asia Television Limited in Hong Kong. He was the deputy chairman of PCCW Limited, the chief executive of Hong Kong Telecom, the executive director of Cable & Wireless plc in the United Kingdom, and deputy managing director of Cathay Pacific Airways. He graduated from the bachelor degree in social science of the University of Hong Kong.
In 1960s, Linus Cheung studied at Raimondi College for his secondary education. After his graduation from the Department of Economics and Political Science in the University of Hong Kong in 1971, Linus joined Cathay Pacific Hong Kong and worked for it for 23 years. He has served as the deputy managing director of Cathay Pacific and was invited by David Clive Wilson, Baron Wilson of Tillyorn, the then Governor of Hong Kong to temporarily transfer to and work in Hong Kong government's Central Policy Unit on a full time basis in 1989. Linus became the chief executive officer of Hong Kong Telecom in 1994. 
In 1998 and 1999, Linus was rated as the "The Best Telecom CEO in Asia" by the magazine “Telecom Asia” for two years in a row. In 1999, Linus was rated as "The Best Executive in Hong Kong" in a campaign jointly held by DHL and the South China Morning Post. In 2000, Cable & Wireless Worldwide PLC intended to dispose of Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited to Singapore Telecommunications Limited. For fear of Hong Kong's telecom market falling into the grip of foreign enterprise, Linus helped Pacific Century CyberWorks, which was owned by Richard Li, buy out Hong Kong Telecom by borrowing loans amounting to 90 billion Hong Kong dollars. In August 2000, Pacific Century CyberWorks merged with Hong Kong Telecom into PCCW Limited, with employment contracts signed with a few senior management, of which Linus's term of deputy chairman of PCCW Limited was three years. In February 2004, Linus resigned with service termination compensation amounting to $HK 45 million. 
Though dubbed as the "legendary employee" - having earned over $HK 10 million a year serving as the executive officer in Hong Kong Telecom, Linus is known for his harsh schooldays. He studied three secondary schools within two years before university. Linus said he faced tremendous difficulties for further education, same as today's students. He was transferred from Raimondi College to St' Mark's School during form six and subsequently to St. Stephen's Girls College for no Form Seven studies were available in St' Mark's School at that time. 
Before successfully admitted by the University of Hong Kong, he had to walk through the arduous two-year secondary path. Even attending university, another problem came to get Linus – he worried for the expense of ten dollars a day - half for dormitory fee and half for expenses of dining and had to earn it on his own. For the sake of the expenses, he taught English in the Western Kai Fong Welfare Association Social Service Centre during the nighttime. 
Linus also said that the key to success is persevered efforts. Exemplified by his own case, Linus knew only a smattering of Putonghua even over 10 years after his graduation from university. He started from scratch and practiced Putonghua from the very basics. He can now read articles and talked with friends for three hours in Putonghua with native tongue in utmost purity. He is proud of the achievement of his good command of Putonghua with his effort.
He now hosts a radio programme called "Linus Cheung's World" in RTHK.

</doc>
<doc id="20543493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543493" title="Alessandro Gazzi">
Alessandro Gazzi

Alessandro Gazzi (born 28 January 1983 in Feltre) is an Italian association footballer who plays for Torino.
Gazzi started his career at Treviso but half of his contract was sold to S.S. Lazio. Lazio's half was then sold to Viterbese of Serie C1. He played 31 Serie C1 games and also played twice in the promotion playoffs. In August 2004, he joined A.S. Bari. In January 2007, he was signed by Reggina Calcio in joint-ownership bid, made his Serie A debut on 11 February 2007 against Torino F.C.. He then bought back by Bari.

</doc>
<doc id="20543511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543511" title="Michael Tan">
Michael Tan

Michael Lim Tan, PhD is a Filipino medical anthropologist, writer, and academic who is the current Chancellor of the University of the Philippines Diliman. 
Prior to his appointment as , Tan was already well known for his work among Non-governmental organizations in the Philippines, and for his column "Pinoy Kasi", which appears twice a week in the Philippine Daily Inquirer.
On February 27, 2014, the University of the Philippines Board of Regents appointed Tan to serve as the next chancellor of the University of the Philippines Diliman, where he currently serves as Dean of the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy (CSSP). The announcement stated that Tan will serve as Chancellor from March 1, 2014 to February 28, 2017
Tan has authored numerous books and articles, often focusing on: indigenous medical beliefs, sex and sexuality, reproductive and sexual health (particularly HIV/AIDS), pharmaceuticals, and health policy issues.
Education and Early Career.
The son of Julio Tan and Apolonia Nieves Lim, Tan grew up in the City of San Juan, Manila, where he got his early education from the Xavier School, a private Catholic college preparatory school for boys run by the Society of Jesus' Philippine Province, graduating in 1969.
He initially majored in Biology at the Ateneo de Manila Universtiy, then transferred to the University of San Francisco, taking up the same course. He eventually got a degree in veterinary medicine from the University of the Philippines in 1977, and proceeded to begin his career as a veterinarian before moving on ""to human public health and pharmacology...and eventually, medical anthropology."" 
He continues to use his skills as a veterinarian, however, working with such groups as the Philippine Animal Welfare Society and the Dog Scouts of the Philippines to promote animal welfare, and giving occasional advice as he goes about during his NGO work. Tan also works with the Ateneo de Manila University, ""teaching doctors to be more sensitive to the social and cultural aspects of healthcare.""
He earned a Master of Arts in Anthropology from the Texas A&M University in 1982, and then obtained his PhD in social and political science from the Medical Anthropology Unit of the University of Amsterdam in 1996.
Academic career.
Election to the National Academy of Science and Technology.
In 2012, Tan was elected member of the Philippines' National Academy of Science and Technology (NAST), the country’s highest advisory body in matters of science and technology.
The citation that came with his election lauded him for his “"sustained outstanding scientific research, teaching, advocacy and development work,” particularly in his “consistent efforts to revitalize scientific research on and in the use of traditional medicine, develop rational drug policies, and the social and behavioral dimensions of HIV/AIDS prevention and of reproductive health promotion."”
Appointment to the University of the Philippines Diliman Chancellorship.
On February 27, 2014, the University of the Philippines Board of Regents appointed Tan to serve as the next chancellor of the University of the Philippines Diliman, where he currently serves as Dean of the College of Social Sciences and Philosophy (CSSP). The announcement stated that Tan will serve as Chancellor from March 1, 2014 to February 28, 2017.
When Tan presented his vision at the public fora for nominees to the UP Diliman chancellorship on Jan. 23, 2014, he noted that it was important for UP to “"go beyond resting on laurels",” and instead live up to its mandate as a national university.
The Tinig ng Plaridel, the official student publication of the University of the Philippines College of Mass Communication, reported that Tan said he "would focus on creating a safe, interconnected and nurturing environment that will enable students to shape the world around them."
The Philippine Daily Inquirer quoted him as saying:
The Philippine Collegian, UP Diliman's official student newspaper, reported that Tan had won the appointment by seven votes. Other nominees who got votes from the three remaining regents were incumbent UP Diliman Chancellor Dr. Caesar Saloma, and UP Center for Women’s Studies Director Dr Sylvia Claudio.
Writing.
Although he is now best known for his work as a columnist, Tan was already a well recognized writer among academics and NGO workers when he began his "Pinoy Kasi" columns for the Philippine Daily Inquirer in May 1997.
Profiling him as an awardee Dr. Jose P. Rizal Awards of Excellence in 2005, the Manila Times and the Kaisa Para Sa Kaunlaran Foundation noted that:
"Pinoy Kasi" Column.
In the maiden article of his Inquirer column, he proposed ""A middle way of looking at Filipino culture, avoiding one extreme of protracted Lenten self-flagellation that could see nothing good in the Filipino, but also being mature enough to talk about our faults.""
Regarding the choice of name, he explained further:
"Sense and Science" Column.
In February 2013, Tan also began a blog for GMA News Online, titled "Sense and Science".

</doc>
<doc id="20543526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543526" title="Charles Honoré Berthelot La Villeheurnois">
Charles Honoré Berthelot La Villeheurnois

Charles Honoré Berthelot La Villeheurnois (c. 1750, Toulon - 10 July 1799, Sinnamary, Guyana) was a French politician. 
He was maître des requêtes to Louis XVI and with Charles Brottier and Thomas Laurent Madeleine Duverne de Presle was one of the heads of the plot called the "camp de Grenelle". Thinking they could count on generals Malo and Jean-Pierre Ramel, who had crushed the Conspiracy of Equals, they envisaged taking the troops under their orders (stationed at Grenelle camp), leading them against the Directors and re-establishing the monarchy. In fact the two generals warned the Directory of the conspirators' approaches and all three conspirators were arrested before they could do anything. Condemned to only a year in prison, Charles Honoré de La Villeheurnois was deported after the coup d'état of 18 Fructidor (4 September 1797), and died in Guyana.

</doc>
<doc id="20543547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543547" title="Jean-Pierre Ramel (the younger)">
Jean-Pierre Ramel (the younger)

Jean-Pierre Ramel (the younger) (1768, Cahors - 15 August 1815, Toulouse) was a French general during the French Revolutionary Wars and the First French Empire. Following the defeat of Napoleon I, he was assassinated by royalists in Toulouse during the Second White Terror. His older brother, Jean-Pierre Ramel (the elder), born in 1761, had been a deputy of the French Parliament and had worked on the Constitution.
Ramel entered a French infantry regiment as a volunteer at the age of fifteen. In 1791 he became adjutant-Major in the Legion of Lot. In 1792 he was promoted to Captain and the next year he became a battalion Commander. After being imprisoned, he obtained his liberty due to the efforts of General Dugommier and in 1796 he was promoted to adjutant-General in the army of the Rhin-et-Moselle. Charged with the defense of Kehl he successfully repulsed the attack of the Archduke Charles.
The same year he was made commander of the Guard of the Legislature in which capacity he denounced the royalist conspiracy of Brottier (January 30, 1797). Being suspect of royalist sympathies himself, he was disarmed by Augereau during the Coup of 18 fructidor an V (September 4, 17797). Following his arrest he was conveyed to the Temple where he was imprisoned. The next day he and Pichegru, Barthélémy, Laffon de Ladebat, Barbé-Marbois were condemned and deported to the penal colonies in Guiana. In June 1798 Ramel escaped from the penal colony to Paramaribo and then to London.
After receiving permission to return to France, he was reinstated into the Consular Army and assigned to the expedition to Saint-Domingue under Rochambeau. There he was wounded and evacuated back to France. He served in the 1805 campaign under Massena in Italy and was given the command responsible for defending the Mediterranean coast. In 1809 he was employed in the gendarmerie and in 1810-1811 he fought in the campaigns in Spain and Portugal, where he distinguished himself at the siege of Astorga.
After the Bourbon Restoration, Ramel was made Maréchal de camp (major general) and awarded the Order of Saint Louis. He was given command of the department of Haute-Garonne, where he attempted to moderate the influence of reactionary political elements. Suspected of being a loyalist of the now deposed Napoleon Bonaparte, the reactionaries had him assassinated in Toulouse on August 15, 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="20543548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543548" title="InfraWare">
InfraWare

InfraWare Inc. is a privately held healthcare documentation software company. Solutions include workflow automation, speech recognition and Electronic Medical Records (EMR) interfacing. Customer profiles include Medical Transcription Service Organizations (MTSOs), hospitals and physician practices. Its corporate headquarters are located in Terre Haute, Indiana. Solutions are primarily offered as hosted applications, sometimes described as Software as a Service (SaaS) or Application Service Provider (ASP).
The intuitive InfraWare platform includes flexible dictation options, back-end speech recognition, transcription processing with a built-in word expander and medical spell check dictionary, automated document delivery options, and a management console to streamline administrative and quality assurance processes.
History.
InfraWare was founded in 2003 by Nicholas J. Mahurin after he was introduced to speech recognition technology in the 1990s. Mahurin, an entrepreneur with a background in information technology, saw business applications for Web-based tools that pulled time and cost out of the labor--intensive medical transcription process. The company has continued to innovate into the area of increasingly electronic health records, the compliance requirements associated with HIPAA and the HITECH Act and mobility trends.
Products.
The InfraWare 360 Transcription Platform provides the technology infrastructure for flexible dictation methods and medical transcription services from internal or external resources. It reduces the time it takes to transcribe dictated medical reports. The platform uses a hybrid approach with both browser-based applications, hosted at the InfraWare Processing Center and accessed via the World Wide Web, and a suite of Windows-based applications that run on customers' personal computers. InfraWare hosts and maintains the servers, provides 24/7 technical support, and ensures fully compliant physical and electronic security for business continuity.
The InfraWare 360 platform includes the following applications:

</doc>
<doc id="20543553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543553" title="Rumdoodle Peak">
Rumdoodle Peak

Rumdoodle Peak, elevation 875 m ASL, is a small but prominent mountain in the north-western part of the North Masson Range in Antarctica, near Mawson Station.
It was named, around 1960, after the previously fictitious peak featured in the book "The Ascent of Rum Doodle". 
There is a small hut at the base (altitude 498m ASL), sleeping 5 people, and two permanently frozen lakes alongside, named Rumdoodle Lake and Lassitude Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20543568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543568" title="Ceratosoma tenue">
Ceratosoma tenue

Ceratosoma tenue is a species of colorful dorid nudibranch, a sea slug, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. 
Distribution.
This sea slug is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area, from the oriental african coast to Hawaii.
Description.
"Ceratosoma tenue" can grow to a maximal size of 12 cm length. 
The body coloration is extremely variable but is always composed of bright colors. However, the body coloration is not a valuable criterion of determination for this species because it can easily be confused with "Ceratosoma tribolatum".
The physical distinctive criteria are three mantle lobes on the first half of the body on each side and the purple margin of the mantle and foot is a dotted line.
Another specificity of the species is the kind of "horn" covering the gills, which is like a lure and acts as a defensive chemical weapon that will scared any potential predator who dares to bite this part.
The gills and the rhinophores are retractile in internal sheaths.
Behavior.
"Ceratosoma tenue" is active all time and has a diurnal activity.
Feeding.
"Ceratosoma tenue" feeds on sponge of genus Dysidea.

</doc>
<doc id="20543572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543572" title="InterLiga 2009 Final">
InterLiga 2009 Final

After both finals have been played, both winners qualify to the Copa Libertadores. Of the two winners, the team with the highest points during the group stages will be dubbed ""Mexico 2""
Finals.
"All times EST"

</doc>
<doc id="20543587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543587" title="Thomas Laurent Madeleine Duverne de Presle">
Thomas Laurent Madeleine Duverne de Presle

Thomas Laurent Madeleine Duverne du Presle (21 June 1763, possibly at Giverdy 13 December 1844, Maubranches, Cher) was a French sailor.
Life.
He was a student at the École militaire de La Flèche in 1777, then served in the French Navy, coming to sympathise with revolutionary ideas during his service in the American Revolutionary War. On the French Revolution he was lieutenant de vaisseau de première classe in 1790, before he and his family fell victim to persecutions of Nivernais nobles. In 1791 he had to emigrate to Switzerland then Germany. Disagreeing with the other émigrés, he returned to France, left again for England, returned on the promulgation of the anti-émigré law on 26 October 1792, though this did not stop him being expelled from Paris on 11 November 1792. This expulsion means he seems to have been in the service of the counter revolutionary struggle.
From 1794 between the count of Provence (future Louis XVIII of France), François de Charette, the Vendéens and the chouans in Brittany. After the Quiberon landing was defeated in July 1795, he wrote to Louis XVIII to suggest he stop massacring his partisans in uprisings and taking advantage of political and electoral means as a way back to power. At the end of 1795 he made contact with abbot Charles Brottier and Charles Honoré Berthelot La Villeheurnois in a royalist plot. He met with Louis XVIII in Zurich in April 1796 and the comte d'Artois (the future Charles X of France) in London in October, putting them in touch with the progress of the royalist cause. Effectively the elections to the councils of the French Directory led to many elected figures favourable to a restoration of the monarchy, but the plotters were betrayed by a double agent and arrested on 30 June 1797. Condemned to death, Thomas Laurent Duverne de Presle saw this commuted to a 10 year prison sentence. He and the other conspirators were sent to Guyana – Presle was treated leniently, leading some to believe he had told the authorities all he knew about the royalist networks active in France. On 21 March 1798 he embarked on an American ship with a Swiss passport, probably taking him to the USA. 
He returned to France and was getting back into contact with the comte d'Artois in London when Napoleon's police arrested him in Paris on 6 October 1803. He protested his devotion to the Imperial regime and was released. Nothing more is known of him until the Bourbon Restoration, when Louis XVIII made him retire at the rank of capitaine de frégate.

</doc>
<doc id="20543601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543601" title="Melgar de Fernamental Town Hall">
Melgar de Fernamental Town Hall

The Melgar de Fernamental Town Hall is located in Melgar de Fernamental, Spain. Placed in the center of Spain Square, it is built in plateresco style. Its reduced arch front gate is flanked of pilasters, crowned with a central balcony accompanied of columns. Likewise, it presents coats of arms. The coat of arms of the town is shown on the top part of the central balcony.
This small palace belonged to the Calatrava order, although without carrying the own coat of arms of this order.

</doc>
<doc id="20543614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543614" title="Joachim Krüger">
Joachim Krüger

Joachim Krüger was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Krüger was the commander of the 10th Company, 4th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Der Führer" Das Reich, when he was awarded a posthumous Knight's Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="20543617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543617" title="Ceratosoma trilobatum">
Ceratosoma trilobatum

Ceratosoma trilobatum is a species of colorful dorid nudibranch, a sea slug, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. 
Distribution.
This sea slug is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area, from the oriental african coast to Japan, Red Sea included.
Description.
"Ceratosoma trilobatum" can grow to a maximal size of 15 cm length. 
The body coloration is extremely variable but is always composed of bright colors. However, the body coloration is not a valuable criterion of determination for this species because it can easily be confused with "Ceratosoma tenue".
The physical distinctive criteria are two mantle lobes on the first half of the body on each side. The first one is around the head part and the second one is close to the gills. The purple margin of the mantle and foot is an unbroken line.
Another specificity of the species is the kind of "horn" covering the gills, which is like a lure and acts as a defensive chemical weapon that will scare any potential predator who dares to bite this part.
The gills and the rhinophores are retractile in internal sheaths and their basis has a purple margin.
Behavior.
"Ceratosoma trilobatum" is active all time and has a diurnal activity.
Feeding.
"Ceratosoma trilobatum" feeds on sponge of genus Dysidea.

</doc>
<doc id="20543628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543628" title="Skypan">
Skypan

In filmmaking, a skypan is used by the director of photography for lighting scenery that lies outside a set's window or door. Skypans are circular with an upraised ridge around the outside (when laid flat they resemble a frying pan without a handle). It is made up of a reflective white pan that has a detachable heavy-duty lamp socket rigged in front of the pan by being clamped to the lip. This is positioned to keep the lamp filament in the middle of the reflector. The skypan is used mainly when raw power is required, spreading a bright light that allows large-scale coverage of a background set. Either 2K or 5K bulbs are generally used. A skypan is usually confined to studio work and rigged up to a scaffold or ceiling-mounted pipe grid. When regularly spaced, they are also useful for lighting green and blue screens.
Skypans are available in different densities. Skypans of around 5,000 Watts can provide soft fill light for backdrops and cycloramas (cycs) in television, film and still photography. Skypans of around 10,000 Watts provide soft and even fill light for large backdrops and cycs, while ones rated up to 20,000 Watts would be more suitable for extremely large cycs. Softer fill light can be provided by adding diffusers. Generally, only two accessories are used in conjunction with the skypan; metal skirts that can be attached to the skypan to direct the spill of light, and gel frames.

</doc>
<doc id="20543649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543649" title="Pasteurized eggs">
Pasteurized eggs

Pasteurized eggs are eggs that have been pasteurized in order to reduce the risk of food-borne illness in dishes that are not cooked or are only lightly cooked. They may be sold as liquid egg products or pasteurized in the shell.
Rationale.
The United States FDA Food Code defines regular shell eggs as a potentially hazardous food, i.e., “a food that requires time/temperature control for safety (TCS) to limit pathogenic microorganism growth or toxin formation.”
All egg products sold in the USA must be pasteurized due to the risk of food-borne illnesses. The U.S. Department of Agriculture does not allow any egg products to be sold without going through the process of pasteurization. They also do not recommend eating shell eggs that are raw or undercooked due to the possibility that Salmonella bacteria may be present.
Because of the risk of food-borne illness caused by "Salmonella" bacteria that may be present in raw eggs, the U.S. Department of Agriculture requires a safe-handling advisory statement on all packages of raw shell eggs that are not treated to destroy "Salmonella" as follows: "Safe Handling Instructions: To prevent illness from bacteria: Keep eggs refrigerated, cook eggs until yolks are firm, and cook foods containing eggs thoroughly."
Salmonellosis.
The primary risk associated with eggs is food-borne illness caused by "Salmonella enteritidis" bacteria. "Salmonella enteritidis" is a dangerous bacterium that can be transferred to humans through ingestion of raw or undercooked eggs. Eggs and egg-containing foods have been identified as the vehicle in roughly 80% of known-source "Salmonella enteritidis" infections in the United States.
Salmonellosis, the illness that a "Salmonella" infection causes, is characterized by nausea, vomiting, abdominal cramps, diarrhea, fever, and headache. The onset of its symptoms begins between 6 hours and 48 hours after the consumption of food contaminated with "Salmonella" bacteria. As few as 15 bacterial cells can cause food-borne illness.
The Centers for Disease Control and for Disease Prevention estimate there are 217,946 cases of salmonellosis per year in the US (based on data from 2000), and that 174,356 of these cases can be attributed directly to eggs. Of these, an estimated 1440 illnesses require hospitalizations, 75 result in death, and 6,622 result in chronic sequelae (after-effects)—most commonly reactive arthritis, which develops 7–20 days after illness and occurs in an estimated 2-3% of cases.
Avian flu virus.
The process of pasteurizing eggs also destroys avian flu virus.
Food code compliance.
The FDA Food Code states that in serving highly susceptible populations (preschool age children; older adults; individuals with compromised immune systems; and individuals who receive meals through custodial care-giving environments such as child or adult day care centers, kidney dialysis centers, hospitals, or nursing homes): “Pasteurized eggs or egg products shall be substituted for raw eggs in the preparation of foods such as Caesar salad, hollandaise or Béarnaise sauce, mayonnaise, meringue, eggnog, ice cream, and egg-fortified beverages.”
The FDA Food Code has gained adoption by health jurisdictions throughout the U.S.
Products.
As distinct from whole shell eggs, “egg products” are defined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture as “eggs that are removed from their shells for processing." The processing of egg products includes breaking eggs, filtering, mixing, stabilizing, blending, pasteurizing, cooling, freezing or drying, and packaging. This is done at U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)-inspected plants.
Egg products include whole eggs, whites, yolks and various blends with or without non-egg ingredients that are processed and pasteurized and may be available in liquid, frozen, and dried forms. This is achieved by heating the products to a specified temperature for a specified period.
Pasteurized shell eggs.
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, “in-shell pasteurized eggs may be used safely without cooking”. For example, they may safely be consumed raw (as in raw cookie dough or eggnog) or in undercooked forms (such as a sunny-side up egg). Many food service and health care providers use these eggs to prevent cross-contamination in their kitchens.
History.
By traditional pasteurization methods, heating a raw shell egg to a high enough temperature to achieve pasteurization would also cook the egg. However, beginning in the early 1980s, Dr. James P. Cox and R.W. Duffy Cox of Lynden, Washington, began developing methods to pasteurize shell eggs.
In the early 1990s, the Coxes were introduced to L. John Davidson. Davidson recognized the market need and opportunity for a safer egg option for consumers and food operations around the country. Davidson acquired a license agreement on the technology from the Cox Family and formed Pasteurized Egg Corporation to introduce safe egg technology to the consumer marketplace.
The process for pasteruizing shell eggs has been patented. Currently, National Pasteurized Eggs Inc. of Lansing, Illinois, owns Dr. Cox's patent to the pasteurization process and is the exclusive provider of pasteurized shell eggs in the U.S. The eggs can be found in a few states under the brand Davidson's Safest Choice, introduced in 2003.
Process.
Pasteurizing eggs in their shells is achieved through a patented process that involves treatment with ozone and reactive oxygen species under high and low pressures, followed by replacement with an inert gas, such as nitrogen. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, “Shell eggs can be pasteurized by a processor if FDA accepted the process for the destruction of Salmonella. Pasteurized shell eggs are now available at some grocery stores. Like all eggs, they must be kept refrigerated to retain quality. The equipment to pasteurize shell eggs isn't available for home use, and it is very difficult to pasteurize shell eggs at home without cooking the contents of the egg. ” For those who have access to sous-vide equipment, however, and can effect precise control over the temperature of a water bath, pasteurization can easily be achieved by holding eggs at for 75 minutes. 
After pasteurization, the eggs are coated with food-grade wax to maintain freshness and prevent environmental contamination and stamped with a red "P" in a circle to distinguish them from unpasteurized eggs.
Quality.
Opinion on the quality of pasteurized shell eggs is mixed, and sometimes depends on whether comparisons involve experimental processes or products that are actually on the market. According to North Carolina State University, pasteurized shell eggs are nutritionally and aesthetically equivalent to their unpasteurized counterparts. Taste tests noted deficiencies in pasteurized shell eggs experimentally produced via a microwaved pasteurization process (not for commercially available pasteurized shell eggs). Using commercially available pasteurized shell eggs, a "San Francisco Chronicle" reporter noted a "slight chemical taste" for pasteurized shell eggs, and a Lifescript blogger noted a "barely detectable" flavor and aroma difference and stated the eggs were "worth" their price. "Relish" magazine states that pasteurized shell eggs “look like real eggs, act like real eggs and taste like real eggs.” Perishable Foods Connection cites a "total product consistency” with the commercially available pasteurized shell egg product.
“Independent taste tests conducted in Good Housekeeping kitchens have not been able to tell any differences between raw and pasteurized eggs,” according to Food Safety News.
According to "International Business Times", demand for pasteurized shell eggs within the food service industry is strong because “states such as California, Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin and Illinois have adopted the most recent FDA Food Code, in which pasteurized shell eggs shall be substituted for raw eggs to at-risk groups.”
Exemption.
The FDA Food Code exempts pasteurized shell eggs from the definition of a potentially hazardous food.” Likewise, the U.S. Department of Agriculture exempts pasteurized shell eggs from the requirement to carry a safe handling advisory statement.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture also states, “In-shell pasteurized eggs may be used safely without cooking.”

</doc>
<doc id="20543659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543659" title="Tympaki Airport">
Tympaki Airport

Tympaki Airport () is a military airport in Tympaki, Crete, Greece. It has also been used for car racing but it belongs to the Hellenic Air Force.The 138 Σ.Μ of H.A.F. operates at the airport. The airport also has a TACAN system for the aircraft.The airport used to have another runway (16/34) but now it's closed.Also home base airport of H.A.T (Heraklion Airclub Talos) for Gliders KA-7,KA-8 and Ultralight Tucano flights .

</doc>
<doc id="20543668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543668" title="Plesanemma fucata">
Plesanemma fucata

Plesanemma fucata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Southern half of Australia.
The wingspan is about 40 mm. 
The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species. 

</doc>
<doc id="20543681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543681" title="James Wright Group">
James Wright Group

James Wright Group were an Australian rock, soul band from Adelaide which grew in prominence in the latter half of the 1960s. They had two local top 10 hit singles, "Louise" (1970) and "Half a Minute" (1971). The band supported performances by Max Merritt, Billy Thorpe & the Aztecs, The Levi Smith Clefs, The Mixtures, and The Twilights. After two tours of the eastern coast the group disbanded in 1971. They reformed briefly in 1974 with John Swan as their drummer.
Early years: The Big Apple to James Riot.
James Wright Group, were an Australian rock and soul band initially formed as a trio, The Big Apple, in Adelaide in 1967. The original members were Bobby Bishop on drums and vocals, John Carlini on bass guitar and vocals and Bill O'Grady on guitar and vocals. Their debut gig was at the Octagon Ballroom in Elizabeth and they soon secured a residency at Big Daddys Discothèque in 1967. They played nightly, sharing the stage with interstate and local acts: The Valentines, The Twilights, James Taylor Move, The Blues Syndicate, and Chain Gang.
Later that year they added Jamie Swann on vocals and Chubby Carlini on saxophone and as a five-piece changed their name to James Riot. They played regularly at The Princeton Club (Burnside Town Hall), St Clair Youth Centre (Woodville), Salisbury Youth Centre (Salisbury) and The Octagon to huge crowds. By 1968 the band had a new singer, Dave Taylor, who joined after Swann left suddenly for family reasons. The name was changed to James Wright Group.
Main years and singles success.
As James Wright Group, for the next two years they played residencies at various Adelaide venues. They shared the billing with Max Merritt and The Meteors, Billy Thorpe & the Aztecs, The Levi Smith Clefs, The Mixtures, Y4 and The Twilights. During this time they also performed as backing band for solo artists including Johnny Farnham, Ronnie Burns, Jeff Phillips, Liv Maessen, Rim D Paul, Mike Furber, and Johnny Young when they visited Adelaide.
Max Pepper of Pepper Records – a local studio of Milton Ingerson Productions in Adelaide – approached the group and subsequently recorded six tracks for release on his new record label. Pepper wanted to take advantage of the 1970 radio ban on imported records which was in place.
James Wright Group's debut single, "Louise" / "Good Times Together", was released in 1970. The first run sold out quickly, it entered the local charts and reached no. 2. "Go-Set", the Australian teen pop music newspaper, published their Top 20 Australian Singles Chart and listed "Louise" at No. 15 for that year.
In 1970 they were the first rock group ever invited to play at Adelaide's Carols by Candlelight and they Played "Louise" along with several Christmas carols also backing Ronnie Burns and Liv Maesson for their performances. James Wright Group spearheaded the promotion for Adelaide's 1st Festival of Fashion releasing a promotional single called "Festival Girl" and appearing on a cover of the special Liftout section on the Festival in "The Advertiser".
In 1970, Radio 5AD Programme Manager, Trevor Cowling picked "Louise" as one of the three noteworthy Australian singles of the year. He visited American record producers offering the singles for an American release. RCA expressed a desire to release "Louise" internationally and requested the master tapes however Pepper Records refused to release them. 
In early 1971, while "Louise" was still in the charts, the group released their second single, "Half a minute" / "Never Had a Girl". It entered the charts (for a while The James Wright Group had two singles in the Adelaide radio charts at the same time), peaked at No. 7 and then succumbed to the flood of imported international records after the import ban had ended.
James Wright Group were regulars on TV programmes, often playing live-to-air, including "Move" – hosted by Vince Lovegrove (ex-Valentines) – NWS9's four hour Rock Marathon aired on Saturday afternoons; "ZAP!" – SAS10's Saturday morning rock show with Ron Kosmider. They made guest appearances on "Adelaide Tonight" (NWS9's weekly variety show hosted by Ernie Sigley) and "The Go Show" (ATV0'S national rock music show hosted by Ross D. Wylie).
After two eastern states tours, Pepper Records decided not to release the third single "Lawdy Lawdy" and closed their doors. The James Wright Group disbanded in late 1971.
Reformation as The James Wright Band.
O'Grady, John and Chubby Carlini reconvened as The James Wright Band in 1974 to capitalise on their local profiles adding John Fraser on guitar and John Swan on drums. Through Swan they became friends with his brother Jimmy Barnes and the early version of pub rockers, Cold Chisel. Upon hearing Cold Chisel live at The Lord Melbourne Hotel, O'Grady recommended them to his friend Lovegrove who then became their manager. 
The James Wright Band played at The Festival Theatre (Little River Band's first appearance), supported Osibisa at Apollo Stadium, opened for Bad Company at Memorial Drive, 
appearing at the Countdown Nightclub (Hindley St. Adelaide), Woodville Town Hall (headlining with the fledgling Cold Chisel as a support act), The Arkaba, The Largs Pier and other Adelaide pubs.
Swan was replaced by John Haffert on drums late in 1974 and the band toured to Canberra (Supporting Maria Muldaur), Sydney, Brisbane (residency at The George Hotel) and The Gold Coast (performing at The Playroom in Tallebudgera). While in Sydney they met Bernie Cannon, who produced "GTK" (a national 10-minute daily rock segment on ABC Television before "The News"), recording six tracks to be aired on the programme. Their videos were among the last episodes of the show. The James Wright Band disbanded in late 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20543715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543715" title="Harry Potter action figures">
Harry Potter action figures

This is a list of action figures produced by Mattel for the "Harry Potter" film series for films 1 through 4 and produced by NECA for films 5 through 8.

</doc>
<doc id="20543745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543745" title="Mnesampela lenaea">
Mnesampela lenaea

Mnesampela lenaea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20543772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543772" title="Buntsandstein">
Buntsandstein

The Buntsandstein (German for 'coloured sandstone') or Bunter sandstone is a lithostratigraphic and allostratigraphic unit (a sequence of rock strata) in the subsurface of large parts of west and central Europe. The Buntsandstein predominantly consists of sandstone layers of the Lower Triassic series and is one of three characteristic Triassic units (together with the Muschelkalk and Keuper that form the Germanic Trias Supergroup. 
The Buntsandstein is similar in age, facies and lithology with the Bunter of the British Isles. It is normally lying on top of the Permian Zechstein and below the Muschelkalk. In the past the name Buntsandstein was in Europe also used in a chronostratigraphic sense, as a subdivision of the Triassic system. Among reasons to abandon this use was the discovery that its base lies actually in the latest Permian.
Origin.
The Buntsandstein was deposited in the Germanic Basin, a large sedimentary basin that was the successor of the smaller Permian Basin and spread across present day Poland, Germany, Denmark, the southern regions of the North Sea and Baltic Sea, the Netherlands and south England. In the late Permian this region had an arid climate and it was covered by inland seas which deposited the Zechstein evaporites. At the end of the Permian a connection with the Paleo-Tethys Ocean to the south was formed in present day southeast Poland, causing sea water to flow in periodically. This caused the inflow of more clastic material, which was deposited in the form of large alluvial fans. 
Deposition took place in an arid, continental environment (playa facies), so that there was little chemical weathering. Therefore the Bundsandstein deposits are typical red beds, mainly sandstones and conglomerates with little clay.
The late Anisian saw a major rise of the global (eustatic) sea level. A tropical sea filled the Germanic Basin then, stopping the deposition of the Buntsandstein and marking the beginning of the deposition of the Muschelkalk. 
Stratigraphy.
The Buntsandstein belongs to the Changhsingian to Anisian stages, meaning it is between 252 and 246 million years old.
In German lithostratigraphy, it is seen as a group, in the Netherlands and North Sea the name has no official status (though that does not keep geologists from using it). In the official Dutch lithostratigraphy, the Buntsandstein is divided into the Lower and Upper Germanic Trias Groups. The British Bunter Formation is basically a continuation of the same unit.
In Germany the Buntsandstein is subdivided into three subgroups with seven formations (from top to base):
Upper Buntsandstein 
Middle Buntsandstein 
Lower Buntsandstein
All of these are reasonably good reservoir rocks for oil and gas. In the Dutch subdivision, the upper two formations are part of the Upper Germanic Trias and the others part of the Lower Germanic Trias.
Natural monuments.
Bunter sandstone often forms spectacular rock formations as a result of weathering: including isolated rocks several tens of metres high. Most of them are designated natural monuments, for example, the Devil's Table near Hinterweidenthal. In the Palatinate, near Eppenbrunn, are the so-called "Altschlossfelsen" ("Old Castle Rocks"). The massif has a length of around 1.5 km and a height of up to 25 metres, easily the largest bunter sandstone massif in the Palatinate. On the island of Heligoland, the 47-metre-high "Lange Anna" ("Tall Anna"), is the best-known landmark on the island and was declared a natural monument in 1969.
Fossils.
The Buntsandstein contains a few small saurians, tracks like Chirotherium and plant remnants. 

</doc>
<doc id="20543799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543799" title="Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Aragón">
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Aragón

The Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Community of Aragón :
Regional Preferente.
Regional Preferente is the fifth level of competition of the Spanish Football League in the Community of Aragón.
Primera Regional.
Primera Regional is the sixth level of competition of the Spanish football league in the Community of Aragón.
Some teams playing on this level.
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
Segunda Regional.
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
Segunda Regional B.
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
Tercera Regional.
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="20543804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543804" title="Chelidonura">
Chelidonura

Chelidonura is a genus of small, sometimes colorful, sea slugs. These are headshield slugs or cephalaspideans, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aglajidae.
The two rather long "tails" at the end of the animal are characteristic of the genus.
Species.
Species with the genus "Chelidonura" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20543811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543811" title="Love addiction">
Love addiction

Love addiction is a human behavior in which people become addicted to the feeling of being in love. Love addicts can take on many different behaviors. Love addiction is common; however, most love addicts do not realize they are addicted to love. Love addiction can be treated with various recovery techniques, most of which are similar to recovery from other addictions such as sex addiction and alcoholism, through group meetings and support groups. "Addictive love" is an inclusive term in that it includes "addicts" and "co-addicts", "co-dependents", "emotional anorectics", and "love avoidants".
Healthcare professionals have not reached any consensus regarding whether love addiction exists or, if it does, how to describe or diagnose the phenomenon. There has never been a reference to love addiction in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM), a widely recognized compendium of acknowledged mental disorders and their diagnostic criteria published by the American Psychiatric Association.
History.
The modern history of the concept of the love addict - ignoring such precursors as Robert Burton's dictum that 'love extended is mere madness' - go back to the early decades of the 20th century. Freud's study of the Wolf Man highlighted 'his liability to compulsive attacks of falling physically in love...a compulsive falling in love that came on and passed off by sudden fits'; but it was Sandor Rado who in 1928 first delineated the term "love addict" -- 'a person whose needs for more love, more succor, more support grow as rapidly as the frustrated people around her try to fill up what is, in effect, a terrible and unsatisfiable inner emptiness.' Even Søren Kierkegaard in Works of Love said "Spontaneous love makes a man free and in the next moment dependent... spontaneous love can become unhappy, can reach the point of despair."
However, it was not until the 1970s and 1980s that the concept came to the popular fore. Stanton Peele opened the door, almost unwittingly, with his 1975 book "Love and Addiction"; but (as he later explained), while that work had been intended as 'a social commentary on how our society defines and patterns intimate relationships...all of this social dimension has been removed, and the attention to love addiction has been channeled in the direction of regarding it as an individual, treatable psychopathology'. In 1976, the 12-Step program Sex and Love Addicts Anonymous (S.L.A.A.) started hosting weekly meetings based on Alcoholics Anonymous. They published their Basic Text, "Sex and Love Addicts Anonymous", in 1986 discussing characteristics of and recovery from both love addiction and sex addiction. As of late 2012, S.L.A.A.'s membership had grown to an estimated 16,000 members in 43 countries. In 1985, Robin Norwood's "Women Who Love Too Much" popularized the concept of love addiction for women. Since, variations on the dynamics of love addiction have become further popularized in the 1990s and 2000s by multiple authors.
Process.
A common process of falling into love addiction begins when a person begins to feel sympathy with another person after going through an initially innocent moment of attraction and automatically idealizes the other to the point of divinity. The individual is then blindly attached to the other person, becoming incapable of making a realistic analysis of the situation; they may project all kinds of illusions onto the other person, believing them to be the only one that can bring happiness. This process can be very quick. There are, however, those who never go past this stage of blind love, and remain 'addicted to people, sucking on them and gobbling them up...parasitism, not love'.
Obsession can be considered the primary symptom of any addiction. In love addiction, the individual's insecurity gives rise to an obsessive attachment to the object of their affection. It typically manifests as an insatiable hunger that distorts the person's perception of reality and often results in various unhealthy behaviors and suffering. Those at high risk for love addiction include recovering alcoholics/addicts who use relationships as a form of substitution, and/or individuals who grow up in alcoholic/dysfunctional family systems.
The Addictive Love Relationship.
Like other addictions (drugs, alcohol, gambling, sex, work etc.), the dependency to a person (their object- drug of choice) allows love addicts to feel alive- a sense of purpose- and to gain a sense of meaning and self-worth in the world: they are driven by 'a fantasy hope that the drug of choice - a person - will complete them'.
'Most love addicts start out attempting to meet some known or unknown emotional need, then become dependent on the intoxicating feelings' of being in love itself. Unfortunately, as in the case of drug addicts, "love addicts", too, may become incapable of getting the desired satisfaction, which in turn increases their addiction'. They often feel a burning, passionate love that gives and gives, destroying their sense of humanity when they lose the person they've given to, sometimes causing them to feel and act out in a vengeful way. The love addict suffers a lack of bonding as they did in childhood, including an inability to give and receive affection, self-destructive behavior, problems with control, and lack of healthy long term relationships.
Love addicts commonly and repeatedly form an addictive relationship with emotionally unavailable Avoidant partners. The Avoidant partner is compulsively counter-dependent – they fear being engulfed/drowned/smothered by their love addict partner. Love addicts enter relationships with emotionally closed-off individuals who will let nothing and no one in, which makes intimate relationships impossible. Behind their emotional walls, hides low self-esteem and feel if they become truly known (display emotional intimacy) - no one would ever love, accept, and value who they are. Avoidants are attracted to people who have difficulty thinking for themselves, having healthy emotional boundaries, or taking care of themselves in healthy manners- the love addict.
Love addicts and Love Avoidants form relationships that inevitably lead to unhealthy patterns of dependency, distance, chaos, and often abuse. Nevertheless, however unsatisfactory the relationship, 'love addicts hang on and on, because it is what they know'. Familiarity is the central engine of their relationship. Each is attracted to the other specifically because of the familiar traits that the other exhibits, and although painful, come from childhood.
Ambivalent Love Addicts vacillate between love addiction and love avoidance. This can happen in successive relationships or in the same relationship. It is especially common in recovery to become ambivalent about healthy love. It is new and therefore unfamiliar, and to some, frightening.
This cycle encompasses a push-pull dance full of emotional highs and many lows where the one is on the chase (love addict) while the avoidant is on the run. They both engage in counterfeit emotional involvement. Healthy emotional intimacy is replaced with melodrama and negative intensity- ironically creating the illusion of true love, intimacy, and connection - usually on an unconscious level. As a result, their relationships, although seemingly dramatic in their intensity, are actually extremely shallow'.
Delimiting love and sex addictions.
However interconnected love and sex may be, love addiction and sex addiction are quite different phenomena. A sex addict may have a problem with pornography or repeated anonymous sexual experiences, while the love addict acts out in relationship-by clinging to a partner. Sex addiction and love addiction are both Intimacy Disorders. Preoccupation with the sexual act or the idealized, fantasy relationship acts as a barrier between the addict and another person.
Love withdrawal.
With addiction comes inevitable negative consequences. The consequences of addictive loving are most revealed as the love addict experiences withdrawal symptoms when a relationship ends, or when a relationship is perceived as falling apart. When a break up occurs, an addictive lover longs for the attachment and apparent loving feelings of the lost relationship, as much as a heroin user craves heroin when the drug is no longer available. This longing may result in extreme debilitating pain, obsession, and otherwise avoidable destructive and/or self-destructive behaviors, including violence (to others or self), increased feelings of shame, depression, impaired emotional growth, chronic emptiness, loneliness, and loss of intimacy and enjoyment in life.

</doc>
<doc id="20543813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543813" title="List of wars involving Paraguay">
List of wars involving Paraguay

This is a list of wars involving independent Paraguay from 1811 to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="20543819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543819" title="Benjamin Wistar Morris (bishop)">
Benjamin Wistar Morris (bishop)

Benjamin Wistar Morris (sometimes II; May 30, 1819 – April 7, 1906) was the second Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon, which at the time incorporated the present-day Episcopal Dioceses of Olympia, Spokane, and Eastern Oregon.
Background.
A descendant of Anthony Morris, one of the first colonists in Pennsylvania, Morris was born in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania, which had been founded by his grandfather and namesake, the first Benjamin Wistar Morris. His father was Samuel Wells Morris, a district court judge and member of the U.S. House of Representatives. Morris graduated from General Theological Seminary in New York City in 1846, was ordained to the diaconate and subsequently to the priesthood on April 27, 1847. From 1847 to 1851 he was rector of St. Matthew's Episcopal Church in Sunbury, Pennsylvania. He subsequently served as rector of St. David's Episcopal Church, Manayunk Borough, Pennsylvania and as assistant and subsequently rector of St. Luke's Episcopal Church, Germantown, Pennsylvania. While serving at St. Luke's, Morris organized an effort to supply food, medicine, clothing, and bedding to sick and wounded troops at the Battle of Gettysburg. On December 3, 1868 he was elected as the second missionary Bishop of Oregon, following Thomas Fielding Scott, who had died the previous year.
He received the degree of S. T. D. from Columbia University in 1868, and also from the University of Pennsylvania the same year.
Bishop of Oregon.
Morris was consecrated December 3, 1868, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and arrived in Portland, Oregon, on June 2, 1869. To reach Portland, Morris voyaged down the Atlantic coast, crossed the isthmus of Panama on foot, and boarded a ship sailing up the Pacific Coast. He went on to serve one of the longest episcopates in the history of the Episcopal Church. In 1869 he founded St. Helen's Hall Girls' School, now known as the Oregon Episcopal School. In 1875 he founded Good Samaritan Hospital in Portland at a cost of $10,000. Eighteen parishes in the current Diocese of Oregon were founded by Morris during his tenure. By 1880 the missionary diocese of Oregon had grown too large for one bishop, and the missionary dioceses of Olympia in Western Washington and Spokane in Eastern Washington were formed. Morris remained bishop of the missionary diocese of Oregon, which was admitted as a Diocese of the Episcopal Church by General Convention in 1889.
Family life.
In 1856, Morris married Hannah Rodney, daughter of the Rev'd. John Rodney, who was then rector of St. Luke's, Germantown, Pennsylvania. Their son, Benjamin W. Morris, became a noted architect, designer of the interiors on the RMS "Queen Mary", the 1928 annex to the Morgan Library, and the Bank of New York Building, among others. Bishop Morris died in Portland in 1906 and is buried in Lone Fir Cemetery in Portland.

</doc>
<doc id="20543825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543825" title="ONAR">
ONAR

ONAR (in Greek: ΟΝΑΡ), composed of "Lefteris Pliatsikas" and "Penny Ramadani", is a renowned Greek Pop rock group. The band's name seems to be a reference to the Ancient Greek word ὄναρ "dream".
History.
The band was created in 1998. In 1999, they released their first LP with songs by Lefteris and produced by renowned Greek songwriter Filippos Pliatsikas, under the title "To ergo pou paizoun ta matia sou". From the very first instant, the album won positive reviews. Songs such as "Me tromazeis", "Hartina Fanaria", "Galazies Erwmenes" became popular, making the LP "golden".
In 2000 they released their second album entitled "Min petas tha se doun", a special LP which marked the participation of Teresa Salgueiro of Madredeus in a song based on a poem by Federico Garcia Lorca. Manos Ksydous, another renown Greek songwriter, also participared with two songs. This LP had a notable commercial success, as well.
Their next work was released in 2003 and is titled "Aladin, teliosan oi efxes sou". The LP's hit song was "Den hrostao se kanena" (which had been pre-released as a CD-single and had already become "golden") with the participation of Vasilis Papakonstantinou and later an adaptation to αν old folk song called "Istoria mou". Other songs that stood out from this record were "Na sai kala", "Posa ploia eho hasei" and "Fisaei sta stavrodromia tou kosmou" (based on a poem by Tasos Livaditis).
In the next three years, they released two more LPs: "Stin akri tis gis" and "Pou taksideveis" containing popular songs such as "Mahairia twra ta filia sou", "Kimata tou Aigaiou", "Mi fevgeis", and "Peta psila".
In December 2006 they released their latest LP so far, titled "Tipota den einai opos fainetai", from which songs such as "An m'agapas", "Kaseta" (lyrics by Efstathia), and "Perasmena mesanihta" stood out.
Touring and collaborations.
ONAR have been touring in Greece ever since they released their first LP and they have participated in all the major festivals of Greece. They have collaborated with some of the most important representatives of the Greek pop-rock scene such as: Filippos Pliatsikas, Lavrentis Mahairitsas, Dionysis Tsaknis, Socrates Drank the Conium, Vasilis Papakonstantinou, Sakis Boulas, and Lakis Papadopoulos. They have also participated in concerts dedicated to Lefteris Papadopoulos in Athens and Salonica and they have given concerts in Megaro Moussikis under the artistic supervision of George Dalaras.
Members.
Onar are playing with: 

</doc>
<doc id="20543839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543839" title="Alfred Giles (civil engineer)">
Alfred Giles (civil engineer)

Alfred Giles (3 October 1816 – 1895) was a British civil engineer and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1878 and 1892.
Giles was born in London, the second son of Francis Giles canal builder and railway engineer and his wife Mary Ann Wyer, daughter of Samuel Wyer of Birmingham. He was educated at Charterhouse School and became a civil engineer, constructing railways and dock works in Britain and overseas. He was consulting Engineer to Southampton Dock Co., chairman of Union Steamship Co. and a director of Commercial Union Fire and Life Assurance Co. Giles was also created a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog by King Christian IX of Denmark. He lived in Godalming in Surrey. 
Giles was elected Member of Parliament for Southampton, first winning his seat in a by-election in 1878, sitting as a Conservative. He lost his seat at the 1880 General Election but regained it in another by-election in 1883. He retained his seat at the 1885 and 1886 General Elections but was defeated in 1892 by the Conservative Tankerville Chamberlayne.
Giles served as president of the Institution of Civil Engineers from May 1893 to May 1894.
Giles married Jane Emily Coppard, daughter of John Coppard of Hastings in 1838. Their son Charles Tyrrell Giles was a lawyer and politician. They also had a daughter, Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20543878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543878" title="Rachel Hirschfeld (lawyer)">
Rachel Hirschfeld (lawyer)

Rachel Hirschfeld (born January 20, 1946) is an animal rights activist and a lawyer specializing in the area of animal law, pet trusts, and pet protection agreements. She has been co-producer of productions of the plays "Oleanna" and "Blithe Spirit".
Legal career.
Hirschfeld is an advocate in the area of pet trusts. When a New York court awarded $2 million to Leona Helmsley's dog, Hirschfeld was quoted in "The New Yorker" calling it "one of the greatest moments in my life". She noted that "It's a landmark case, for a judge to be able to say that we have a case for that amount of money."
Hirschfeld has been either quoted or profiled by news and media outlets in stories about pet trusts and pet rights including ABC’s "Nightline", "The New Yorker", "The New York Sun", "Newsday", The Today Show, CNN, the CBS Early Show, the Wall Street Journal and "The Wall Street Journal".

</doc>
<doc id="20543899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543899" title="Walter Hofmann">
Walter Hofmann

Walter Hofmann (born September 26, 1949 in Sömmerda) is a former East German slalom canoeist who competed in the 1970s. He won a gold medal in the C-2 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Hofmann also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with three golds (C-2: 1977; C-2 team: 1971, 1975) and a silver (C-2: 1971).
His son Frank Henze is also a canoe slalom racer and multiple world championship medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20543912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543912" title="XP 819">
XP 819

XP-819 was a one-off concept car, developed in the mid -1960s, to test a rear engine configuration for the Chevrolet Corvette.
Design.
The body was designed by Larry Shinoda, designer of the 1963 Sting Ray Split Window Coupe and the CERV-1. There are styling cues in XP-819 that later appeared in Shinoda's famed 1968 "Sting Ray" design. A reverse rotation General Motors marine, engine was factory-installed in the car, so the two-speed transaxle would operate properly. The entire chassis, suspension, and steering are custom made components unique to this car. Some of these parts also found their way to later production cars.
History.
The XP-819 was slated for demolition. However, racer and performance driver Smokey Yunick requested this car as the basis for a new race car design. Smokey never completed the racer and later sold the XP-819 to Steve Tate, a General Motors dealer from Gallatin, Missouri. 
When purchased, the car had been cut into several pieces and was almost unidentifiable. Had Tate not spotted the "XP" designation on the windshield Vehicle Identification Number, the car might never have been seen again.
On August 17, 2002, "Mid America Motorworks" in Effingham, Illinois, added the XP–819 to the "MY Garage Collection". It is undergoing a complete restoration at the Mid America Motorworks’ Installation & Restyling Center, with an estimated completion date sometime in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20543918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543918" title="Rolf-Dieter Amend">
Rolf-Dieter Amend

Rolf-Dieter Amend (born March 21, 1949 in Magdeburg, Saxony-Anhalt) is an East German slalom canoer who competed in the 1970s. He won a gold in the C-2 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Amend also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with two golds (C-2 team: 1971, 1975) and a silver (C-2: 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="20543925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543925" title="Bombing of Zagreb in World War II">
Bombing of Zagreb in World War II

The bombing of Zagreb in World War II was carried out by the Allies from 1944 until 1945.
Over the course of the bombing the areas of Črnomerec, Borongaj and Pleso were hit the hardest. On February 22, 1944 a Dominican monastery was hit by the bombing, resulting in the deaths of eight theology students. In response to these deaths, archbishop of Zagreb Aloysius Stepinac sent a letter to the British ambassador to the Holy See.
On May 30, 1944, 100 bombs were dropped on Borongaj, each weighing 250 kg.
In 2007 and 2008, unactivated bombs were found in Maksimir during construction. In 2008 a bomb was found in the nearby town of Sveta Nedelja.

</doc>
<doc id="20543945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543945" title="Hans-Otto Schumacher">
Hans-Otto Schumacher

Hans-Otto Schumacher (born February 17, 1950 in Grevenbroich) is a West German slalom canoer who competed in the 1970s. He won a silver medal in the C-2 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Schumacher also won two medals at the 1973 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Muotathal with a gold in the C-2 team event and a bronze in the C-2 event.

</doc>
<doc id="20543946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543946" title="National Express Hotel Hoppa">
National Express Hotel Hoppa

Hotel Hoppa is a network of bus services owned and operated by National Express, connecting major hotels near Heathrow Airport with Terminals 1-3 and Terminal 5. A free shuttle service links Terminal 4 with Terminals 1-3. It operates nine routes.
History.
The network was originally operated with a fleet of 1997 built Wright Crusader bodied Volvo B6LEs, which were painted in National Express circles livery with the red replaced by light blue. In 2008 these were replaced by 32 Alexander Dennis Enviro200 Darts painted in National Express white and grey livery.

</doc>
<doc id="20543950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543950" title="Jean-François de Bourgoing">
Jean-François de Bourgoing

Jean-François, baron de Bourgoing (20 November 1748, Nevers - 20 July 1811, Karlovy Vary) was a French diplomat, writer and translator. A commander of the légion d'honneur, he was also a corresponding member of the French Academy of Sciences, a member of the Copenhagen Academy of Sciences, the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts, a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1810, a knight then a baron de l'Empire, and a knight of the Swedish Order of the Polar Star.
Trotsky.
Leon Trotsky wrote to Alfred Rosmer from Cádiz on 19 November 1916:

</doc>
<doc id="20543958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543958" title="Alexander Büttner">
Alexander Büttner

Alexander Büttner (; born 11 February 1989) is a Dutch footballer who plays for English club Manchester United. He plays as a left-back, but can also play as a left midfielder. Born in Doetinchem, he began his career with local club VV Doetinchem, but spent his formative years with Ajax before joining Vitesse in 2005 at the age of 16. He made his professional debut for Vitesse in 2008 and spent four years there before signing for Manchester United in 2012.
Club career.
Vitesse.
His first goal of the 2007–08 season was in a home game against FC Volendam, which Vitesse won 3–1.
On 6 July 2012, Vitesse agreed a fee with Southampton over the transfer of Büttner to the Premier League club, subject to a medical. The proposed move to Southampton was subsequently halted "due to an unspecified 'demand' from an unnamed third party"; this is believed to be a claim for a percentage of the transfer fee.
Manchester United.
On 21 August 2012, Büttner signed a five-year contract with Manchester United, where he was given the number 28 shirt. Büttner made his league debut on 15 September, setting up the second goal and scoring the third, in a 4–0 home win against Wigan Athletic. His performance gained him the man of the match award. On 23 October, he made his European debut in a 3–2 home victory over Braga in the group stage of the UEFA Champions League. On 5 January, Büttner made his FA Cup debut in a 2–2 draw against West Ham United. United went on to win the Premier League and Büttner received a winner's medal by a special dispensation given by the manager. He scored his second goal for Manchester United on the final day of the season in a dramatic 5–5 draw against West Bromwich Albion. After collecting a pass from Tom Cleverley in the inside left channel, he drove into the penalty area and fired a low shot into the far corner.
International career.
Büttner has represented the Netherlands at Under-20 and Under-21 levels.
On 7 May 2012, Büttner was named in the provisional list of 36 players for the UEFA Euro 2012 tournament, one of nine uncapped players to be chosen by Netherlands manager Bert van Marwijk as part of the preliminary squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20543959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543959" title="Cristian Stellini">
Cristian Stellini

Cristian Stellini (born 27 April 1974 in Cuggiono) is an Italian association footballer.
Stellini played for Novara (Serie C2), Spal (Serie C1) before joined Ternana of Serie C2 in October 1996. He won promotion twice for the team to Serie B in summer 1998. In summer 2000, he joined Como of Serie C1, he won promotions again, reaching Serie A in 2002. he made his Serie A debut on 14 September 2002 against Empoli F.C..
In summer 2003, he joined Modena but suffered from leg injury. After played just twice, he moved to Genoa. For Genoa, after the scandal made the promotion to Serie A became relegated to Serie C1, he stayed with the club and also played 4 times in the promotion playoffs.
In June 2011 he passed the category 2 coaching exam. Early before, he was hired as a member of Antonio Conte's coaching team at Juventus.

</doc>
<doc id="20543962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543962" title="Wilhelm Baues">
Wilhelm Baues

Wilhelm "Willi" Baues (born November 21, 1948 in Mönchengladbach) is a West German slalom canoer who competed in the 1970s. He won a silver medal in the C-2 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Baues also won two medals at the 1973 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Muotathal with a gold in the C-2 team event and a bronze in the C-2 event.

</doc>
<doc id="20543975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543975" title="List of wars involving Bolivia">
List of wars involving Bolivia

This is a list of wars fought by independent Bolivia from 1809 to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="20543985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543985" title="U-52-class submarine">
U-52-class submarine

The "U-52" class was a class of four ocean-going submarines or U-boats planned for the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during World War I. The submarine design was based on the A 6 proposal submitted by Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino (STT) as part of a Navy design competition. STT, under its wartime name of Austriawerft, began construction on the first two boats in 1916, but neither boat was launched or completed before the end of the war. Both incomplete submarines were scrapped after the war ended. Neither of the third and fourth submarines was ever laid down.
Design.
Austria-Hungary's U-boat fleet was largely obsolete at the outbreak of World War I, and over the first two years of the war the Austro-Hungarian Navy focused its efforts on building a U-boat fleet for local defense within the Adriatic. With boats to fill that need either under construction or purchased from Germany, efforts were focused on building ocean-going submarines for operation in the wider Mediterranean, outside the Adriatic.
To that end, the Austro-Hungarian Navy selected the Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino (STT) A 6 design as the winner of a design competition for a new ocean-going submarine. The plans called for a boat that displaced surfaced and submerged. The boats were to be long with a beam of and a draft of . For propulsion, the design featured two shafts, with twin diesel engines of (total) for surface running at up to , and twin electric motors of (total) for submerged travel at up to . The "U-52" class boats were designed for a crew of 40 men.
The "U-52" design called for six torpedo tubes—four bow tubes and two stern tubes—and a complement of nine torpedoes. The original design specified two 10 cm/35 (3.9 in) deck guns, which were superseded by two 12 cm/35 (4.7 in) deck guns in plans for the third and fourth boats.
Construction.
By 1916, Austriawerft, the new, more-"patriotic" wartime name for STT, had begun construction on "U-52" and "U-53", the first two boats of the class. Austriawerft remained headquartered at Trieste, but sources do not specifically say where the two "U-52" submarines were laid down. These first two boats, which comprised one-third of the six ocean-going submarines under construction in 1916, were followed by orders for "U-54" and "U-55" in December 1917.
Shortages of skilled shipyard workers as well as material slowed construction of all of the ocean-going boats. As a result, neither of the first two boats was ever launched, much less completed, and the second pair was cancelled before either was laid down. "U-52" was 25% complete at war's end, while "U-53" was only 10% complete. Both boats were scrapped in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="20543986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543986" title="Abar Aranye">
Abar Aranye

Abar Aranye (English title: "In the Forest ...Again") (2003) is an award-winning Indian Bengali feature film directed by Goutom Ghosh.
Plot.
The film features the characters from Satyajit Ray's "Aranyer Din Ratri", returning to the forest over thirty years later. Ashim, Sanjoy, Harinath and Aparna have grown old in this film; Shekhar has died. They set out on a journey to break off every link with civilisation for a few days. However, the trip turns sour when Ashim and Aparna's daughter, Amrita, goes missing. It transpires that she is being held for ransom by local tribespeople. Police intervene and the kidnapped girl is returned to her parents, albeit against her own wishes.

</doc>
<doc id="20543987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543987" title="Jean-Louis Olry">
Jean-Louis Olry

Jean-Louis Olry (born August 6, 1946 in Montrouge) is a French slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s. He won a bronze medal in the C-2 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Olry also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with one gold (C-2: 1969) and two bronzes (K-1 team: 1967, C-2 team: 1969).

</doc>
<doc id="20543995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20543995" title="Narco">
Narco

Narco may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20544007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544007" title="Jean-Claude Olry">
Jean-Claude Olry

Jean-Claude Olry (born December 28, 1949 in Boves, Somme) is a French slalom canoer who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. He won a bronze in the C-2 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Olry also won two medals at the 1969 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Bourg St.-Maurice with a gold in the C-2 event and a bronze in the C-2 team event.

</doc>
<doc id="20544011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544011" title="Chelidonura inornata">
Chelidonura inornata

Chelidonura inornata is a species of sea slug or headshield slug, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc in the family Aglajidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20544033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544033" title="Domecelle">
Domecelle

Domecelle is a village in the municipality of San Xoán de Río in Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.
It is located in the north-east of the province.

</doc>
<doc id="20544035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544035" title="Bourgoing">
Bourgoing

Bourgoing is a French surname held by:

</doc>
<doc id="20544087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544087" title="Chelidonura punctata">
Chelidonura punctata

Chelidonura punctata is a species of sea slug, or "headshield slug", a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aglajidae. 
Description.
This species has a maximum size of 30 mm. 
The background color is dark brown or black. The body is covered with large orange or yellow spots. The margin of the parapods are marked with a fin white line.
The two rather long "tails" at the end of the animal are characteristic of the genus "Chelidonura", the left one is always longer. 
They have also well-developed sensory cilia on the anterior edge of the head which are used to find the preys.
Didtribution & habitat.
"Chelidonura punctata" is widespread through the tropical waters of the Indian Ocean.
It lives on coral reefs in shallow water.
Diet.
"Chelidonura punctata" feeds on Polychaete worms, up to 50 mm long.

</doc>
<doc id="20544100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544100" title="François Bourgoing (Dominican)">
François Bourgoing (Dominican)

Father François Bourgoing (died maybe in 1589?)<see below> was a prior of the Dominicans in Paris. He was accused of having pushed the monk Jacques Clément to assassinate Henry III of France. He certainly, at least, celebrated Jacques and his deed from the pulpit as "the heroic action and the glorious martyr". Taking up arms for the assault on Paris's suburbs in November 1589, he was condemned by the parlement de Tours to be dismembered as a regicide.

</doc>
<doc id="20544102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544102" title="Gregory Schaken">
Gregory Schaken

Gregory Schaken (born 23 February 1989 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who is currently unattached.
He formerly played for FC Utrecht and on loan for Telstar.

</doc>
<doc id="20544131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544131" title="John Barnes Linnett">
John Barnes Linnett

John Barnes Linnett was a lithograph printer based in Birmingham, England. Although the French Pierre-Hubert Desvignes is generally credited with being the inventor of the flip book, Linnett was the first to patent the invention, in 1868, under the name of "kineograph". Linnett died of pneumonia. His wife sold the patent to an American.

</doc>
<doc id="20544132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544132" title="Vito Wormgoor">
Vito Wormgoor

Vito Nova Wormgoor () (born November 16, 1988 in Leersum) is a Dutch footballer, currently playing for Eredivisie side ADO Den Haag.
Career.
Wormgoor played in various youth clubs. In 2006, he moved to AFC Ajax. He played defensive player of two years. On September 2, 2008 he moved to FC Utrecht. He made his debut against FC Groningen on September 14, 2008 in the Eredivisie. In the 2008–09 season he played 7 games and scored no goals. In the summer of 2012 he signed with ADO Den Haag.

</doc>
<doc id="20544139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544139" title="MV Danica White">
MV Danica White

The Danish-owned cargo ship the MV "Danica White" was hijacked and maneuvered into Somali waters. On 3 June 2007, the , a "Harpers Ferry"-class landing ship dock engaged the pirates, firing machine-gun bursts at the skiffs in tow behind the Danish ship, but failed to stop them. Following 83 days in captivity, the crew of five and the ship were released after the owner, H. Folmer & Co, paid a ransom of 1.5 million United States dollars. 

</doc>
<doc id="20544140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544140" title="Rere, Chile">
Rere, Chile

Rere is a town located in the commune of Yumbel, Province of Biobío, in the Bío Bío Region of Chile. It takes its name from the Moluche language of the indigenous confederation, or aillarehue, that occupied both sides of the Claro River and made up the greater confederation, or Butalmapu, between the Itata and Bio Bio Rivers. In 1603, then Royal Governor of Chile under Spanish ruleAlonso de Ribera was to declare the erection of the areas first fort naming it "Nuestra Señora de la Buena Esperanza" (Our Lady of Good Hope). Later, in 1765, the town of "Villa de San Luis Gonzaga de Rere" was founded on that site by governor Antonio de Guill y Gonzaga. Today Rere sits 21 km west of the town of Yumbel.
Historia.
The origins of Rere are directly related to the frontier war which had raged between the Spanish and Mapuches since the beginning of Colonization. During the 16th-century the process of founding cities and seizing of property and lands from a then consolidated indigenous population, ran into problems in the area of the Río Biobío.
At that time a governor arrived in Chile, Alonso de Ribera who, seeing the failures of his predecessors, drew up a plan aimed at giving a new dynamism to the process of European Conquest decided there were to be constructed a series of forts along the length of the Bío Bío. With that in mind and conjointly as an object to secure the natural frontier, around 1603, between Chillán y Concepción the King's Ranch or "Estancia de Rey" was founded - that same year wheat was sown and livestock came to inhabit the Estancia.
The fort was born as a consequence of the need to store the plundered harvests and livestock. It shaped was characterized much more for defense than for launching attacks against the Araucanos. Furthermore, because of its location with the back of the fort on the banks of the Bío Bío, it served as the intermediate point to aid nearby outposts or as the gradual point of withdrawal from an eventual inidigenous counter-offensive.
It was also the Provincial Capital or Corregimiento de Rere. Later, it was the capital of the Partido de Rere, dependent of the Intendencia de Concepción, which in 1823 was converted to the Delegación de Rere. Afterward it was the capital of the Departamento de Rere, of the Provincia de Concepción. Later, the head of the administrative department was moved to Yumbel.
In 1891, with the Decreto de Creación de Municipalidades (Decree of Creation of Municipalities), The municipality of Municipio de San Luis Gonzaga was created, whose territory spans the 2nd subdelegation of San Luis Gonzaga del Departamento de Rere.
With the enactment of DFL 8582 on 30 December 1927, The Departament of Yumbel was created from the Departament of Rere, minus the territory of the Municipality of Tucapel.

</doc>
<doc id="20544150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544150" title="Alfred Lex">
Alfred Lex

Alfred Lex (10 June 1913 – 11 March 1944) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain), in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership, by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Alfred Lex was born on the 11 March 1913 at Fohnsdorf near Steiermark in Austria.
He was serving in the II.Battalion, 4th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Der Führer", 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich when he was awarded the Knight's Cross.
Lex was killed in action on the 11 March 1944, west of Shepetowka in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="20544171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544171" title="Charles Leonard">
Charles Leonard

Charles Frederick Leonard Jr. (February 23, 1913 – February 18, 2006) was an American pentathlete and Major General during the Vietnam War. 
Leonard won the silver medal in the 1936 Olympic Pentathlon.
Charles Leonard's brother, William N. Leonard, was a World War II flying ace. They were buried together in Arlington Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20544175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544175" title="Henry Hall (cricketer)">
Henry Hall (cricketer)

Henry Hall (born 1810 at Sheffield; died 1 December 1864 at Nottingham) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1827 to 1837. Hall played for Sheffield and made 14 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the North in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20544180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544180" title="Bernhard Eisenstuck">
Bernhard Eisenstuck

Bernhard Eisenstuck (20 September 1805, Annaberg-Buchholz, Electorate of Saxony – 5 April, 1871), factory co-owner and president of the Chenmitz town council, was a prominent agitator for a trade policy, when only in the sense of a protective tariff. In 1848, he was a member of the Frankfurt preliminary parliament ("Vorparlament") and then elected from Chemnitz to the succeeding Frankfurt parliament where he sat on the left. In May he was sent as an imperial commissioner to the insurgent Palatinate, but recalled for overstepping his authority. He was vice president of the leftovers of the Frankfurt parliament ("Rumpfparlament") when it emigrated to Stuttgart. Before its forced dispersal, he resigned and went to Belgium. After a long absence, he returned home and was a representative in Saxony's parliament where his name and decisive stance lent prestige to the thinly populated liberal ranks. He died as director of a thread-spinning factory.

</doc>
<doc id="20544189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544189" title="Randy Wolters">
Randy Wolters

Randy Wolters (born 6 April 1990 in Leiden) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a winger for Eerste Divisie club VVV-Venlo. He formerly played for FC Utrecht, FC Emmen and FC Den Bosch. He made his debut for FC Utrecht in the home match against VVV-Venlo (1-4 defeat). Wolters scored the only Utrecht goal. He was the first of three Utrecht players who, in a few months time, would score in their debut match (Rafael Uiterloo and Nick de Jong were the other two).

</doc>
<doc id="20544190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544190" title="Parliament of Tours">
Parliament of Tours

The Parliament of Tours was a faction of parliamentarians from the parliament of Paris faithful to the king and sitting at Tours from June 1589 to April 1594. It was also known as the King's Parliament, in opposition to the Catholic League's Parliament in Paris.
In 1589, Paris was effectively in the hands of the League. To escape, Henry III of France summoned the parliament of Paris to meet at Tours, but only a small faction of its parliamentarians accepted the summons. (Henry also held a parliament at Châlons, a town remaining faithful to the king, known as the parliament of Châlons.) Following the king's assassination by the monk Jacques Clément, the parliament of Tours continued to sit during the first years of Henry IV of France's reign.
The royalist members of the other provincial parliaments also split off—the royalist members of the parlement de Rouen seceded to Caen, those in the parlement de Toulouse to Carcassonne, and those of parlement de Dijon to Semur and to Flavigny.

</doc>
<doc id="20544196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544196" title="William N. Leonard">
William N. Leonard

William Nicholas Leonard (January 12, 1916 – August 21, 2005) was an American World War II flying ace and rear admiral in the United States Navy. 
He was born in Douglas, Arizona, the son of United States Army Colonel Charles F. and Hannah M. Leonard. 
He graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1938 and was designated Naval Aviator #6953 in 1940. He fought in the Pacific battles of the Coral Sea, Midway and the Solomons. He won the Navy Cross at both Midway and Coral Sea. He was also awarded the Legion of Merit (four times), the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Air Medal (eight times) and a Bronze Star. 
"In the words of Barrett Tillman, WWII aviation historian, is a 'national treasure' because he is so generous with his time and knowledge, records, and photos."
After the war, he became a test pilot and commander, including of carrier groups. He retired in 1971 as a rear admiral.
Two of his brothers also became high-ranking officers: Army Major General Charles F. Leonard, Jr. and Army Air Forces Lieutenant Colonel John Wallis Leonard, who was killed in action in World War II. William Leonard, his father and two brothers are all interred in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20544212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544212" title="Philippe Gas">
Philippe Gas

Philippe Gas (born 1964 in at Rueil-Malmaison) is the president of Euro Disney S.A.S., the management company of Euro Disney S.C.A. and Euro Disney Associés S.C.A., the operator of Disneyland Paris. He has been CEO of Euro Disney SAS since September 2008, replacing Karl Holz. 
Career.
After studying law at Panthéon-Assas University and spending two years with General Motors, Philippe Gas joined Disney in 1991 as finance controller and served on the team that opened Disneyland Paris in April 1992. In 1997, he was promoted to Director of Corporate Compensation at Disney's headquarters in Burbank, California. In 2000, he was named Regional Vice President, Human Resources, for the Walt Disney Company Asia-Pacific, where he led the company's HR strategy in 13 countries. He returned to the French resort in 2004 as Senior Vice President of Human Resources.
In 2005 he was appointed Senior Vice President, International Human Resources for Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, the company division that operates or licenses 11 theme parks at five sites around the world. In 2006 he was named Executive Vice President of Human Resources, Diversity & Inclusion for the division. In this role, he was responsible for the Human Resources strategy and services for nearly 100,000 Cast Members.

</doc>
<doc id="20544239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544239" title="John Gibson (cricketer)">
John Gibson (cricketer)

John Gibson (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1837 to 1842. He played for Nottinghamshire and made four known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the North in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20544242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544242" title="Baikal Airlines">
Baikal Airlines

OJSC "Baikal Airlines" () was an airline based in Irkutsk, Russia. It was founded in 1991 and liquidated in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20544253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544253" title="Eindhoven railway station">
Eindhoven railway station

Eindhoven is a railway station located in Eindhoven, Netherlands.
History.
The station was opened on 1 July 1866 and is located on the Breda–Eindhoven railway, the Venlo–Eindhoven railway and the Eindhoven–Weert railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
The station is 900m east of the Philips Stadion, which is serviced by Eindhoven Stadion railway station in the event of football matches or other special events at the stadium.
Train services.
Eindhoven is a major interchange station for train services in the southern Netherlands. Several Intercity trains and local trains call at the station:
Bus services.
Eindhoven railway station is served by the following city bus lines (there are also 30 regional bus lines):

</doc>
<doc id="20544284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544284" title="Hill Cumorah Pageant">
Hill Cumorah Pageant

The Hill Cumorah Pageant is an annual production of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) staged at the foot of the Hill Cumorah in Palmyra, New York, United States. Premiering in 1937, it is considered to be the flagship pageant of the LDS Church. It depicts Joseph Smith's encounter with the Golden Plates (translated into English as the Book of Mormon), as well as a dramatization of the events recorded therein. The pageant features 700 cast members, 1,300 costumes, and a 10-level stage. It runs for seven nights in late July and attracts approximately 35,000 viewers annually. No donations are accepted and no tickets are required, although seating is first-come, first-served.
History.
The pageant traces its roots back to the early 1920s and the "Cumorah Conference" of the Eastern States Mission, which was held each year annually in late July. Mission president B. H. Roberts would take some of his missionaries from New York City and travel to Palmyra and the recently acquired Smith Family Farm to celebrate Pioneer Day, acting out scenes from the Book of Mormon and LDS Church history as part of the commemoration. Over the next decade, the conference grew in duration and scale, and New York University English professor H. Wayne Driggs wrote the script "America's Witness for Christ" for the first official performance of the Hill Cumorah Pageant, which premiered on July 23, 1937.
The pageant advanced technologically over the next few decades, with stereophonic sound inventor Harvey Fletcher designing, building, and installing a five-track recording system; and Crawford Gates composing an original score for the pageant, which was recorded by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Utah Symphony Orchestra in 1957. In 1973, LDS Church president Harold B. Lee visited the pageant and called for a phasing out of full-time missionaries in the pageant. Consequently, the cast has since consisted entirely of regular church members. In 1988, Orson Scott Card was tasked with writing a new script. He was instructed to make the script "accessible to a modern audience, targeting the non-scripture-reading, non-Mormon young adult," which he did in part by making the new version approximately 40 minutes shorter than the previous one.
In 1991, local service organizations were invited to provide snacks and meals to pageant visitors. The offer was accepted by Rotary International, Lions Clubs International, and Kiwanis International, which have turned the pageant into their primary annual fund-raising event. In 1997, Donny Osmond left his starring role in the tour of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" to participate with his family in the cast of the pageant. Osmond played the role of the prophet Samuel the Lamanite.
The pageant was parodied during the opening of the satirical Broadway musical "The Book of Mormon". Rodger Sorensen has served as the pageant's artistic director since 1998 and is the eighth to hold the position. During the 2012 season, the pageant held festivities and reunions in commemoration of its 75th anniversary.
Scenes.
The pageant is 70 minutes in duration and depicts Joseph Smith's encounter with the Golden Plates (translated into English as the Book of Mormon), as well as a dramatization of the events recorded therein.
The script for the pageant is taken from the Bible and the Book of Mormon, including ten short story scenes:
Cast, setting, and special effects.
The pageant's cast includes 700 people. Prospective cast, many from outside New York State, apply online between the previous August and November, and they selected based on appearance alone, since the soundtrack is prerecorded by professional actors with singing by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. The show opens after only a week of rehearsal, and it closes after seven performances.
Over 1,300 costumes are utilized for the pageant, which plays out on a 10-level stage. Special effects include earthquakes, floods, and fireballs.
There are 8,000 chairs available for audience seating. All are also invited to bring their own chairs and blankets. There is also parking for 3,000 cars. The pageant attracts approximately 35,000 annually.

</doc>
<doc id="20544295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544295" title="The Pen &amp; Quill">
The Pen &amp; Quill

The Pen & Quill is an American publication about collectible autographs and manuscripts. It was created by the Universal Autograph Collectors Club - UACC, and emphasizes historical figures, events, autographs and manuscripts. The worldwide members of the UACC include key historical institutions, major auction houses, manuscript dealers and collectors. This membership represents the largest private holding of historical autographs and manuscripts in the United States. The bimonthly journal currently serving this membership is The Pen & Quill .
"The Pen and Quill" began in the late 1960s, as the monthly journal of the UACC. It regularly included news of collector-members, techniques of collecting, biographies of VIP’s, auction and sale information, listing of autograph dealers, terminology, research on topical information and information resources. It has featured some of the greatest historians, writers, editors of its era, including Robert F. Kennedy[3, Milton Friedman, Ray Bradbury and Gerald R. Ford. Numerous autograph and manuscript experts have also contributed including Charles Hamilton, Kenneth W. Rendell and Paul C. Richards.
During its later years, the journal evolved with the advent of technology and the popularity of collecting. Articles began featuring in-depth handwriting analysis of major figures, such as Abraham Lincoln. For example, “The Lincoln Lift,” the most common comparison point in any Lincoln signature - the departure of the “ln” letter configuration in “Lincoln” from the signature baseline, was dramatically illustrated chronologically in the January–February, 2008 issue.. The hallmark of the journal has been the successful integration of history, forensic document analysis, comprehensive marketing research and fundamental collecting.
The magazine's place in the history of autograph and manuscript collecting is considered its most important contribution to publishing. While the successful transition of Editors has played an important role, so have the officers of the organization. Elected club officials have remained steadfast in their commitment to historical integrity and hobby ethics.
Early history.
"The Pen and Quill" of the 1960s was an eight-page, two-color, eight and half inch by eleven inch typed publication bound by a staple to the upper left-hand corner. The founding Editor was Harold W. Rapp, Jr. - 1965-67; who was followed by Herman Darvick - 1967-69, 1975 - ; then Richard J. Hall - 1969-70. In the December, 1967 issue for example, article topics included: UACC’s 1st General Election; Skilled Sleuths Who Foil Forgers; LIPEX 1967 Philatelic Exhibition; Autopen; Morrill Praises for Grant; Cabinet Members’ Autographs and Washington’s 150th Birthday. . The first major document reproduction in the journal came in September, 1968 when “The Star-Spangled Banner by Francis Scott Key adorned the front page. The second was a 1682 letter from Sir Isaac Newton.[7. The first photograph to appear in the journal was that of Dwight D. Eisenhower in June 1969. It was a special memorial issue dedicated to the former President of the United States.
Richard J. Hall (Painsville, OH) took over editorship in late 1969. Hall immediately produced the first double-issue journal, 16 pages, in the same format. The growing publication continued to receive accolades directly from members, and indirectly to them from individuals such as Everett M. Dirksen, and astronaut Alan B. Shepard, Jr.[9 . Prominent dealers of historical documents were also emerging during this period including Charles Hamilton, Paul C. Richards and Kenneth W. Rendell, all of whom contributed to the journal.
Success and Recognition.
The 1970s saw new Editors: Henry G. Mazlen - 1970-74; Donn Jennings - 1974-75 and a second stint by Herman Darvick - 1975 - 85 . Like any publication it faced growing pains often compounded by association. The growing popularity of autograph collecting was not diminished and continued to grow - enhanced by the events of the day and improved resources. “Big Name Hunters Gather for Yearly Rendezvous,” by Joyce Maynard documented the phenomena at the ninth UACC Collectors Convention for The New York Times . The article was reprinted in The Pen & Quill in the September/October, 1976 journal. As the hobby continued to grow descriptors seemed to be in order. Noted dealer and author, Charles Hamilton coined the words “philography” and "philographer" in a 1976 issue of the journal. It was a word devised by fusing two Greek roots—philo, meaning “lover of,” and graph, meaning “what it is written.” It is still in use by industry participants today.
The advent of machine-signed signatures created confusion in the hobby and became a hot topic for The Pen & Quill. Articles and Illustrations began filling pages as collectors wanted to know if their treasures were authentic. In a letter to The Pen & Quill, The International Autopen Company of Arlington, Virginia claimed in 1976 that their Autopen machine could sign as many as 3,000 signatures in an eight hour day .
Perhaps the greatest recognition one issue of The Pen & Quill ever received was for two articles in the January/February 1985 issue. The article "Devoted Mother, Devoted Son" by UACC President Herman Darvick in the January/February 1985 issue announced that "Nelle C. Reagan, mother of the 40th President of the United States, took care of her son's fan mail from the time she moved to Hollywood in 1938 to the year Reagan left Warner Brothers in 1953. During the years Ronald Reagan was married to Jane Wyman, Nelle Reagan took care of her daughter-in-law's fan mail as well. Ronald Reagan paid his mother $75 per week to be his 'secretary' and while he was in the armed forces, he had Warner Brothers upon his return." Facsimiles of authentic Ronald Reagan handwritten letters and signed photographs and handwritten letters and photographs signed "Ronald Reagan" and "Jane Wyman" by Nelle Reagan appeared in the article. Darvick revealed an easy way to distinguish among Reagan and Wyman signed photographs and letters actually handwritten by Nelle Reagan and those authentically written and signed by her son and daughter-in-law. The article was listed as the source of this information on page 837 of "Reagan: A Life in Letters" and on page 11 of the February 18, 1985 issue of “New York” magazine in a story headlined “Mother Signs Best.” [http://books.google.com/books?id=VMEBAAAAMBAJ&pg=PA11&lpg=PA11&dq=%22Nelle+reagan%22+%22New+York+Magazine%22&source=bl&ots=7gVRLlByMi&sig=SQP-Jst6WWKi7-lytif49xjzxo4&hl=en&ei=2cZkTPi6GMG78gbQy-CzCA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=2&ved=0CBcQ6AEwAQ#v=onepage&q=%22Nelle%20reagan%22%20%22New%20York%20Magazine%22&f=false. Nelle Reagan's answering her son and daughter-in-law's fan mail was credited to The Pen and Quill on page 727 of Pulitzer Prize winning author Edmund Morris's 1999 authorized biography "Dutch: A Memoir of Ronald Reagan." It even found its way into a 1989 paperback called "News of the Weird" which included the story its “Celebrity Corner” chapter.
According to the UACC, a lawsuit is forthcoming against Steve Koschal, who resigned as UACC Director in 1997 after being censured by the UACC because his 2008 self-published book "Ronald Reagan and Nelle Reagan- Autograph Mystery Uncovered" is "completely plagiarized" from this 1985 issue of The Pen and Quill. [http://blogs.miaminewtimes.com/riptide/2010/04/meet_stephen_koschal_the_most.php
The article "Nixon's Secret '64 Viet Mission," also by Herman Darvick, and also in the January/February 1985 issue of The Pen and Quill, revealed that Richard Nixon, as a private citizen, traded gold bullion with Viet Cong soldiers for five American prisoners of war during a secret mission in 1964. The story hit the wire services and, datelined February 16, 1985, was published worldwide. The second paragraph of the article: "The sale and other details about the documents was reported in the Pen and Quill, a magazine published by the Universal Autograph Collectors Club."[http://articles.latimes.com/1985-02-16/news/mn-2890_1]
Joe Kraus - 1985-86 was Editor for a few issues until he was replaced by Herman Darvick - 1986-87. It was the latter who would be most responsible for bringing the publication into the next decade. Herman Darvick also served as UACC President from 1968 until he retied in 1987. By the middle of the 1980s, the publication, now six inches wide and nine inches in height, was a forty four page single-color publication with a spot color cover. Thirty two advertisers filled the spaces between feature articles, regular columns and informative departments. Although growing quickly, and featuring a $3.00 cover price, the now bimonthly publication was only available through membership. Editor Michael Saks - 1987 - 90, would finish out the decade for the publication.
Another Century and A New Generation.
Editor Bob Erickson - 1990-98 took over the reins of the publication during the final decade of the century. Now 64 pages in length, the publication was enhanced by bold single-color covers featuring a vivid black & white photograph relating to an inside feature. Popular covers included: Neil Armstrong, The Beatles, Bill Clinton, John F. Kennedy, Martin L. King and Malcolm X, Annie Oakley, and Ronald Reagan. Editor Rich Urmston - 1998 -2008, who had been responsible for publishing the journal for years, took over the reins with the July–August, 1998 issue. He would be a guiding force to take the journal into the next century.
Editor Mark Allen Baker - 2008 - 2009, would take charge following a decade of service by Urmston. Baker, a noted author and writer, would immediately take the publication to 72 pages, feature a full-color outside and inside cover, and double the $5.00 cover price. During a twelve month process the publication would undergo a metamorphosis toward improved literary content, in-depth feature articles, and the increased frequency of exemplars and photographs. Numerous talented young artists and writers have also been added in an attempt to bolster content and enhance new ideas. For example, the May–June, 2008 issue would be the first to feature a custom rendered digital illustration.
Editor Al Wittnebert 2010- Has now redone the magazine and turned it into a compliment to the UACC website at www.uacc.org . The now full color glossy magazine has at least one signature study in every issue. Wittnebert believes the articles should be content heavy and get to the point. More and more illustrations are being shown to engage the visual nature of the autograph collector.
Breaking historical news and rewriting history books has always been a hallmark of the journal. In the July–August, 2008 issue, a monumental letter was unearthed. Penned by Henry A. Wallace, the thirty third vice President of the United States, Wallace states, "Rosevelt had no understanding of science. His specialty was human nature and politics. His great objective - to eclipse the memory of Theodore Roosevelt and to leave the UN as a lasting monument to World Welfare." The document, packed with information in contradiction of many historical accounts, has a fascinating provenance and exemplifies the best trait of manuscript collectors --- preserving history. In 1960 veteran autograph dealer Paul C. Richards visited Wallace at his farm in South Salem, New York. Richards discussed Wallace's amazing career with him and his insights into Franklin D. Roosevelt. 
The Pen & Quill, supported by a growing club membership, continues to evolve. The January–February 2009 issue features a new masthead, improved internal design and celebrates vividly the anniversaries of both NASA and Project Mercury on the journal cover.
Contributors.
Well-known contributors since 1965 have included:
 * Mark Allen Baker (Author,Editor, collector)
 * Paul K. Carr (Author, collector) 
 • Herman M. Darvick (Editor and UACC President, 1984 UACC Lifetime Achievement Award)
 • Roy Deeley (Collector, 2004 UACC Lifetime Achievement Award)
 • Charles Hamilton (Author, manuscript dealer)
 * Kenneth W. Rendell (Author, manuscript dealer)
 • Paul C, Richards (Manuscript dealer)
 * George and Helen Sanders (Authors, collectors)
 • Al Wittnebert (Author, 2006 UACC Lifetime Achievement Award)
References.
1.^ The UACC is a federally approved 501 c 3 nonprofit organization. Since 1965
2.^ UACC NEWS RELEASE, December, 1967
3.^ The Pen and Quill, November, 1967
4.^ The Pen and Quill, May/June, 1977
5.^ The Pen and Quill, January–February, 2008, page 40
6.^ The Pen and Quill, December , 1967; Vol. II, No. 10.
7.^ The Pen and Quill, December , 1968; Vol. III, No. 10.
8.^ The Pen and Quill, February, 1970
9.^ The Pen and Quill, November, 1970
10.^ The New York Times, May 21, 1976
11.^ Letter to UACC dated March 31, 1976 and published in July/August, 1976 of The Pen & Quill.
12.^ Letter to Paul C. Richards dated April 12, 1966 and published in July–August, 2008 of The Pen & Quill.

</doc>
<doc id="20544297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544297" title="Hand-rubbing">
Hand-rubbing

Hand rubbing is a gesture that conveys in many cultures either that one has a feeling of excited expectation, or that one is simply cold. In Ekman and Friesen's 1969 classification system for gestures, hand-rubbing as an indication of coldness is an emblem intentional gesture that could equally well be verbalized.
Cultural differences.
The gesture is widespread around the globe, although it is possibly more common in cultures of countries with colder climates than those with hotter climates. In South America, the gesture is used to imply that two women are lesbians.
Hand rubbing involves rubbing the palms of one's hands together. As a gesture of expectation, the rate at which one rubs the palms together is significant. A fast pace indicates expectation of something good for onesself. But a slow pace indicates expectation of something bad for someone else. Context also affects the meaning of the gesture. In context, the meaning can vary from an indicator of internal (anticipatory) tension to meaning "Oh good!".
The length of the gesture is also important. Rubbing one's hands together and "then" saying to another person (for example) that one expects to make money conveys to that person that they should be excited as well. Whereas rubbing one's hands together "while" saying the same thing conveys overeagerness, and possibly the intention to deceive.
In drama, rubbing hands can signify various things, such as a miser rubbing his palms together over money, Lady Macbeth washing the blood off her hands, a villain having just done a wicked deed, or a person simply anticipating a journey, a good meal, or meeting with a boyfriend/girlfriend.
A psychological study of revenge by Robert Baron, a psychologist in the school of management at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, found that some people who had waited years to get even with others, plotting and waiting for the opportunity to "torpedo their enemy's career", would rub their hands together at the memory, in the fashion of cartoon villains.
John Bulwer calls Lady Macbeth's hand rubbing gesture "Gestus #XI: Innocentiam Ostendo" (Latin for "I display innocence"). He states that "imitate the posture of washing the hands by rubbing the back of one in the hollow of the other with a kind of detersive motion is a gesture sometimes used by those who would professe their innocency and declare they have no Hand in that foule business, not so much as by their manuall assent [… for the Hands naturally imply, as it were in Hieroglyphique, mens acts and operations; and that cleansing motion denotes the cleannesse of their actions.". This gesture is also associated with Pilate and with Shakespeare's other plays "Julius Caesar" (where Brutus' hand-washing gesture is turned from a profession of innocency into a signal of guilt) and "Richard II".

</doc>
<doc id="20544307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544307" title="Major Mercer of the Worcestershire horse">
Major Mercer of the Worcestershire horse

Major Mercer, the commander of the Worcestershire horse, played a significant part in the Battle of Worcester in 1651, but although mentioned in primary sources his full name is not given in them. David Laing speculated that he was John Mercer the younger brother of William Mercer who was also a parliamentary officer and author of ""Angliae Speculum", or England's looking-glass" (London 1646).

</doc>
<doc id="20544310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544310" title="John Wenman">
John Wenman

John Gude Wenman (born 11 August 1803 at Benenden, Kent; died 25 November 1877 at Chobham, Surrey) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1825 to 1838. He was a cousin of Ned Wenman. He played for Kent and made nine known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series and the South in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20544344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544344" title="Global Administrative Unit Layers">
Global Administrative Unit Layers

The Global Administrative Unit Layers (GAUL) is a spatial database of the administrative units for all the countries in the world. It is a project of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations. 
Mission.
The GAUL aims at compiling and disseminating the most reliable geographic information on administrative units for all the countries in the world, thereby contributing to the standardization of the spatial dataset representing administrative units. In this framework, its purposes are:
Characteristics.
The GAUL always maintains global geographic layers (in shapefile format) with a unified coding system at the levels of country, first administrative (e.g. regions), and second administrative (e.g. districts). In addition, when data is available, it provides layers on a country-by-country basis down to third, fourth and lower levels. The target beneficiary of the GAUL data is the UN community, universities, and other authorized international and national institutions/agencies. Data might not be officially validated by authoritative national sources and can not be distributed to the general public. A disclaimer should always accompany any use of the GAUL data. 
Because the GAUL works at global level, controversial boundaries can not be ignored. The approach of the GAUL is to maintain disputed areas in such a way to preserve national integrity for all disputing countries.
The coastline of the GAUL is mostly compliant with the coast of the International Boundary map delivered by the UN Cartographic Section except for some countries (e.g. Viet Nam, India, Bangladesh, etc.) where it has been updated according to the satellite images (e.g. Landsat ETM). For future releases of the GAUL, the process of updating the coastline will go on, country by country, through a comparison with the satellite images.
The GAUL keeps track of administrative units that have been changed, added, or deleted in the past. Changes implemented in different years are recorded in the GAUL on different layers. For this reason the GAUL product is not a single layer but a group of layers, named the GAUL Set. The GAUL project does not implement changes dated before 1990.
GAUL codes are numeric and unique for all administrative units at any of the administrative hierarchical level. Any GAUL code is independent from the codes of its higher administrative levels. GAUL codes assigned to administrative units of a given country are not necessarily sequential numbers. The main benefit of the GAUL Coding System is that changing in the codes of an administrative unit might not imply a change of codes of the correspondent units at lower levels. This means that the effort to maintain the links between thematic data and associated administrative units is reduced to a minimum.
Organization.
The implementation of the GAUL initiative is based on a collaborative work among international agencies and national authorities generating and collecting spatial information on administrative units. The role of FAO is to keep this network of collaborators active, to evaluate and compile data from available sources, to establish procedures for data integration, to generate the GAUL codes and periodically to disseminate the GAUL Set. The overall methodology consists in:
The GAUL has a consistent framework for the delivery of the data. Once a year, an updated version of the GAUL set is released through Geonetwork. A new version includes all updates made in the course of the previous year. The dataset is free of charge and it can be downloaded by login (to receive an account, just send an email to the contacts listed at the bottom of this article). The new version GAUL 2009 will be available on Geonetwork from January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20544362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544362" title="Eindhoven Beukenlaan railway station">
Eindhoven Beukenlaan railway station

Eindhoven Beukenlaan is a railway station located in northwestern Eindhoven, Netherlands. The station was opened on 26 September 1971 and is located on the Breda–Eindhoven railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
The main station of Eindhoven is Eindhoven, where many Intercity services go from.
Destinations.
These are some of the destinations that can be reached from Eindhoven Beukenlaan:
's-Hertogenbosch railway station, Tilburg railway station, Helmond railway station, Deurne railway station, Eindhoven Stadion railway station and Eindhoven railway station.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Eindhoven Beukenlaan:

</doc>
<doc id="20544376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544376" title="Thomas Heath (cricketer)">
Thomas Heath (cricketer)

Thomas Heath (born 10 December 1806 at Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire; died 16 October 1872 at Sutton-in-Ashfield) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1828 to 1848.
A right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Nottingham and Nottinghamshire, he made 20 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the North in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20544396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544396" title="Jan Willem van Ede">
Jan Willem van Ede

Jan Willem van Ede (born April 13, 1963 in Utrecht) is a retired Dutch football goalkeeper. He played most of his matches for FC Utrecht.
Statistics.
Last update: December 4, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20544407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544407" title="Jonathan (tortoise)">
Jonathan (tortoise)

Jonathan (born c. 1832) is a Seychelles giant tortoise ("Dipsochelys hololissa") that lives on the island of Saint Helena.
Jonathan was brought to the island from the Seychelles in 1882, along with three other tortoises at about 50 years of age. He was named in the 1930s by Governor Sir Spencer Davis. He continues to live in the grounds of the official residence of the Governor, at Plantation House, and belongs to the government of Saint Helena.
His possible age was realised when a photograph was uncovered from a collection of Boer War images showing a tortoise next to a war prisoner around the year 1900. On December 5, 2008, the "Daily Mail" published a story claiming Jonathan is the same tortoise pictured in the photograph. If he were about 70 years old at the time of the photo, he could now be the oldest living reptile on earth.
The article erroneously stated Jonathan was of the species "Testudinipae cytodira". This appears to be a double misspelling as well as a reference not to his species, but rather to his family, "Testudinidae" and suborder, "Cryptodira" respectively.
The all-time verified record holder for oldest tortoise, according to Guinness World Records, is Tui Malila, who died in Tonga in 1965 at the age of 189. Adwaita, an Aldabra giant tortoise that died in 2006 in the Alipore Zoological Gardens of Kolkata, India, is believed to have lived to the age of 255 years, but this has not been confirmed.
The local 5 pence coin has Jonathan on its reverse.

</doc>
<doc id="20544433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544433" title="Gareth Davies (rugby player born 1984)">
Gareth Davies (rugby player born 1984)

Gareth Davies (born 2 March 1984) is a Welsh rugby union player. An outside half, he currently plays his club rugby for Cardiff RFC, after beginning his career with Penallta RFC. He has been selected for the Wales national rugby union team (sevens) squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20544444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544444" title="Gorthleck">
Gorthleck

Gorthleck () is a small hamlet on the north shore Loch Mhòr in Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. The Gorthleck hamlet encompasses the village of Lyne of Gorthleck, and Gorthleck House, where it was rumoured that Bonny Prince Charlie stayed after the Battle of Culloden and had to flee after seeing Redcoats appear, from an upstairs window. 

</doc>
<doc id="20544445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20544445" title="Sigyn (ship)">
Sigyn (ship)

Sigyn, built in Göteborg 1887, now museum ship in Turku, is the last remaining wooden barque used for trade across the oceans. At the time she was built there were thousands of similar vessels, but she was one of the last ones built. She was quite small even for her time, considering she was built for long-distance trade, but well built and considered fast and beautiful.
As merchant ship.
In these times the steam ships were taking over the most important routes; the Suez canal was already built and the Panama canal was planned. The tonnage of steam ships passed that of sailing ships in 1890, ten and thirty years later in Sweden and Finland respectively. On the other hand this was the time when big barques of steel were built. "Sigyn" was planned for another niche: the small size and small draught made her suited to also use small remote harbours.
The first decade "Sigyn" sailed on the Atlantic on tramp trade, mostly with wood (pine, spruce, pitch pine, mahogany, cedar), but also e.g. coal, probably sugar, once even hay. In 1897 she made one journey to Bangkok. After 1900 she sailed mostly in European waters.
After being severely damaged while seeking shelter outside Kristiansand 1913, "Sigyn" was rerigged as a barquentine. She was already old for being a softwood ship and the freight prices on ocean trade were declining, so a cheaper rig suited for coastal trade on the Baltic and North Sea seemed appropriate. This changed with the World War: transatlantic trade became very profitable and she crossed the Atlantic 12 times in 1915 and 1916.
After "Sigyn" ran aground in 1917 the copper hooding protecting against shipworm was removed and sold. "Sigyn" was thus no longer fit for the oceans. She was bought by Salsåkers ångsåg, a Swedish sawmill by the Gulf of Bothnia.
In 1927 "Sigyn" was sold to Finland, like many other sailing ships in these times, when steel and steam were taking over in richer countries. The buyer Arthur Lundqvist from Vårdö in the Åland islands was one of the last big peasant shipowners. The shipping companies of the family remain as Lundqvistrederierna.
As museum ship.
As representative for "nautical circles" Otto Andersson, rector of Åbo Akademi, proposed 1936 the foundation of a maritime museum in Turku. A museum ship was needed and "Sigyn" was soon considered the best alternative. At that time there were only a few museum ships worldwide and "Sigyn" was to be the first in Finland.
"Sigyn" was bought 1939 and opened for the public 3 June 1939. Before the end of the year the Winter War begun, followed by the Continuation War. "Sigyn" was damaged, and there was a severe lack of funds and people for her maintenance.
After the wars there were negotiations about "Sigyn" sailing as merchant ship again and thus earning the needed money herself. There was a shortage of tonnage after the war, so this would be profitable, but risky. The proposition was eventually turned down and "Sigyn" was repaired by donated money. 1948 she was again opened for visitors. In 1950 she even sailed on Airisto outside Turku as part of a film, "Laivan kannella" ("Sigyn" had had such a role once before, 1916 for "Terje Vigen").
"Sigyn"s hull was partly renewed 1971–1972 at the Suomenlinna shipyard. Funds were not sufficient though and not until 1979 was "Sigyn" reopened for the public, now again as a barque. 1994 a floating dock called "Loke" was constructed to prevent the cat's back phenomenon, and "Sigyn"s hull was again renewed 1998-2001, now to a big part. This work was carried out at Sjökvarteret in Mariehamn, where Albanus and Linden had been built and thus much knowledge about wooden ships acquired. Some work has also been done in Turku, where "Sigyn" now is moored by Forum Marinum in the Aura River.

</doc>
