<doc id="20809787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809787" title="Steve Alaimo Sings and Swings">
Steve Alaimo Sings and Swings

Steve Alaimo Sings and Swings was Steve Alaimo's seventh album and third for the ABC-Paramount label.

</doc>
<doc id="20809789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809789" title="Yong Ying">
Yong Ying

Yong Ying () (literally meaning "brave camps") are a type of regional army which emerged in the 1800s in Qing dynasty army, which fought in most of China's wars after the Opium War and numerous rebellions exposed the ineffectiveness of the Manchu Eight Banners and Green Standard Army. The Yong ying were created from the Tuanlian militia.
Tuanlian history.
Tuanlian (團練) is the Chinese term for localised militia which begun in the Zhou Dynasty, offered self-defense for the civilians. In May 1645, Ming rebel leader Li Zicheng (Chinese:李自成) was killed by tuanlian of local land owners in Hubei province. 
In Qing Jiaqing Emperor reign, the corrupted Eight Banners and Green Standard Army were incapable of curbing the White Lotus Rebellion, Qing court began to order the local gentry and land owners of all the ten provinces to organize Tuanlian for self-defense, both the funding and control were in the hands of local gentry and land owners.
Yong.
Yong(Chinese:勇), literary "Braves", were the official name of the member of the militia, which were recruited from the local civilian. Yong(Chinese:勇) was not regarded as the official Imperial Army of Eight Banners or Green Standard Army, the funding and the logistics for them was provided by civilian society, not by the Imperial Court. 
These "braves" were grouped into units (ying), known as the "Yong Ying".
The Xiang Army a "Yung-ying" army in Qing Dynasty China, separate from the Manchu 8 Banners and Green Standard Army. They used modern weapons and the officers were never rotated, so relationships formed between officers and the troops, unlike Green Standard and Banner forces. 
It was recorded that "Although rations came from public funds, the yung-ying troops were nevertheless grateful to the officers of the battalion for selecting them to be put on the rolls, as if they had received personal favours from the officers. Since in ordinary times there existed the officers and the troops relations of kindness as well as mutual confidence, in battle it could be expected that they would see ach other through hardship and adversity".
Famous Yong Ying leaders.
Zeng Guofan.
During 1845's Taiping Rebellion, tuanlian militia was expanded by Zeng Guofan into an army force of thirteen battalions consisted of 6500 men, a navy of ten battalions consised of 5000 men, of a total of 17,000 men, was given the name of Xiang Army, with Zeng Guofan as the Commander-in-chief, accepting orders from Zeng alone. The new rule was termed "Soldiers followed the general, soldiers belonged to the general"(Chinese:兵隨將轉，兵為將有), contrary to the old military rule before the Northern Song Dynasty's "Soldiers had no fixed commander, commander had no fixed soldiers" (Chinese:兵無常帥，帥無常兵). This new military rule was the direct cause of the Warlord era. These Tuanlian were turned into the Yong Ying Xiang Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20809795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809795" title="Tel-Twelve Mall">
Tel-Twelve Mall

Tel-Twelve Mall is a shopping mall located in Southfield, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit, Michigan, USA. Developed as an enclosed mall in 1968, it was demolished and rebuilt in 2001 as a power center composed of big box tenants. Its anchor stores include Best Buy, DSW Shoe Warehouse, Lowe's, Meijer, Michaels, Office Depot and PetSmart. The complex is owned and managed by Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust, the same company that developed it.
History.
Tel-Twelve Mall opened in 1968 along Telegraph Road just north of Interstate 696 in Southfield, Michigan. The mall initially comprised two anchor stores: Kmart at the northern end and Montgomery Ward at the southern end, with a Chatham supermarket as a junior anchor in between. At the time of its opening, Tel-Twelve Mall's viability was questioned by retailers, as Southfield already had a larger shopping mall, Northland Center. Tel-Twelve was expanded four times in its history, eventually gaining a Crowley's department store as a third anchor in 1985, as well as a food court. By 1990, the mall had gained a Kids "R" Us, and Silver's Office Supplies had replaced the Chatham.
In 1994, a renovation of the mall added many stores, including Ruby Tuesday, Old Country Buffet, DSW Shoe Warehouse, and Gap Warehouse, which later became Media Play. The Montgomery Ward store was downsized to make room for MC Sports and Office Depot, the latter of which became Circuit City by 1996. To accommodate for Circuit City, a portion of the store had to be located across the mall hallway from the rest of the store.
Crowley's closed in 2000, followed by Montgomery Ward a year later. Although the mall was still 85% occupied at the time, its tenant roster was largely composed of local stores. Ramco-Gershenson had made a decision to demolish everything except for Kmart, Montgomery Ward, Office Depot, and Circuit City, and replace the rest of the complex with a strip mall. Kmart closed soon afterward, and its former location at the mall was demolished for a Meijer. The former Montgomery Ward was replaced with Michaels and Pier One, while other big box stores such as Lowe's supplanted the rest of the former enclosed mall space. DSW also relocated to a new store on the site of the mall. Media Play became Best Buy, while the former Circuit City slot eventually became a PetSmart.

</doc>
<doc id="20809797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809797" title="E. Tautz &amp; Sons">
E. Tautz &amp; Sons

Edward Tautz founded E. Tautz in 1867 in London’s prosperous West End. The store was located at 249 Oxford Street in London, renumbered at the end of the 19th century 485 Oxford St. 
Tautz had been head cutter at the sporting Tailors Hammond & Co before leaving to establish his own firm.
In 1875 the firm changed its name to E. Tautz & Sons as Edward brought his son Frederick George Tautz into the business. 
Specialized in "the hunting-field and military men", Edward Tautz was particularly known as a specialist of breeches. He fought to protect his business from counterfeiters. In 1886 he proved, in court, his invention of an original model of knickerbocker breeches.
Between 1895 and 1897, Winston Churchill bought for £144 of clothes from the company, which was then identified as "breeches and trousers makers, military tailors". In 1898, The Oxford Street store of Tautz, then a "wholesale tailor", was "hopelessly" destroyed by a fire. The company announced two days later "their premises were completely destroyed".
Anthony J Drexel Biddle was a customer of Tautz. 
In 1968, the label was acquired by the Savile Row firm of Norton & Sons.
In 2005, Patrick Grant acquired Norton & Sons, with a background in telecommunications and "no fashion or tailoring experience". The "long-forgotten" brand E. Tautz was relaunched by Norton & Sons as a ready-to-wear collection in 2009, with the collaboration of British designers Kim Jones, Giles Deacon, Richard Nicoll and Christopher Kane.
Patrick Grant says his focus is on "simple pieces, made by hand in the U.K. I don't come from a fashion background, and it is essentially about clothes I want to wear.
The company claims to mix “Savile Row cutting [...] with the sporting and military traditions”.
It also sells shirts, trousers, outerwear and accessories such as hats and scarves.

</doc>
<doc id="20809800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809800" title="Robert Shapiro">
Robert Shapiro

Robert Shapiro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20809811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809811" title="2001 Speedway World Cup Race-off">
2001 Speedway World Cup Race-off

The 2001 Speedway World Cup Race-off was the fourth race of the 2001 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 5, 2001 in the Olympic Stadium in Wrocław, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20809819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809819" title="Errisbeg">
Errisbeg


</doc>
<doc id="20809864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809864" title="Gabriel Minadeo">
Gabriel Minadeo

Gabriel Minadeo Ramírez (born July 27, 1967) is a male former field hockey player from Argentina. He competed for his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988. 
At his last appearance (1996) Minadeo finished in ninth place with the national squad. Later on he became a hockey coach, guiding the national women's team after succeeding Sergio Vigil in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20809879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809879" title="Jwalamukhi">
Jwalamukhi

Jwalamukhi was the pen name of Veeravalli Raghavacharyulu (April 18, 1938 – December 14, 2008), who was an Indian poet, novelist, writer and political activist.
Jwalamukhi won himanshu kumar ( patna ) Sahitya Akademi Award (Hindi) for his novel "Rangeya Raghava Life History". Among the other more prominent of his novels and thousands of poems were "Veladina Mandaram", "Hyderabad Kathalu" and "Votami-Tirugubatu".
Jwalamukhi was a prominent member of the "Digambara Kavulu", a group of rebel poets whose views and style is recognised as a decisive break in the history of modern Telugu literature. He was also a co-founder of the Revolutionary Writers Association (Virasam) in 1970, an active member of the Organisation for People's Democratic Rights and a founder of the India-China Friendship Association. He was the Andhra Pradesh secretary and national vice president of the India-China Friendship Association until his death.
He was born in the Sitarambagh section of Hyderabad. He founded Sitarambagh Residents Welfare Association and opposed Laxmi Nivas Ganeriwal. After the foundation of Virasam in 1970, Jwalamukhi was arrested in 1971 for his writings along with two other Virasam members under the AP Preventive Detention Act. One of his poems was proscribed under Section 99 of the Code of Criminal Proceedings, and all copies of the book in which it appeared were seized.
"An electrifying speaker, Jwalamukhi travelled extensively and lectured across the state Andhra Pradesh and beyond for decades", according to an article in "The Hindu". "He was associated with nearly every major social movement in Andhra Pradesh for well over three decades."
He died at a corporate hospital at Somajiguda on December 14, 2008, from a heart attack while receiving treatment for liver cirrhosis, from which he suffered for the previous year. He was survived by his wife, Sita Devi, and sons Sampath Kumar, Sridhar and Vasu.

</doc>
<doc id="20809884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809884" title="2001 Speedway World Cup Final">
2001 Speedway World Cup Final

The 2001 Speedway World Cup Final was the fifth and last race of the 2001 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 7, 2001 in the Olympic Stadium in Wrocław, Poland.
Australian rider Jason Crump became the first rider since the legendary Swede Ove Fundin in the inaugural Speedway World Team Cup in 1960 to go through the entire tournament (including qualification rounds) undefeated.

</doc>
<doc id="20809891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809891" title="Yolande of Aragon, Duchess of Calabria">
Yolande of Aragon, Duchess of Calabria

Yolanda of Aragon (1273 – August 1302) was the daughter of Peter III of Aragon and Constance of Sicily. She married Robert of Naples but was never Queen of Naples since she died before her husband inherited the throne.
On 23 March 1297, in Rome, Yolanda married Robert. He was the third born son of Charles II of Naples and Maria Arpad of Hungary. Robert married Yolanda in exchange for James II of Aragon's renouncing of Sicily (James was Yolanda's brother) .
Yolanda was then escorted to Naples by her new brother-in-law, Raymond Berengar of Andria. 
Yolanda and Robert had two sons:
The same month as Yolanda's death was the peace of Caltabellotta, which ended the war of the Vespers. Her husband inherited the throne seven years later.
On Yolanda's death Robert married Sancha of Majorca, this marriage was childless.

</doc>
<doc id="20809902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809902" title="Federation (information technology)">
Federation (information technology)

A Federation is multiple computing and/or network providers agreeing upon standards of operation in a collective fashion. The term may be used when describing the inter-operation of two distinct, formally disconnected, telecommunications networks that may have different internal structures. The term may also be used when groups attempt to delegate collective authority of development to prevent fragmentation.
In a telecommunication inter-connection, the internal "modus operandi" of the different systems is irrelevant to the existence of a federation.
Joining two distinct networks:
Collective authority:

</doc>
<doc id="20809904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809904" title="Journal for Research in Mathematics Education">
Journal for Research in Mathematics Education

Journal for Research in Mathematics Education (JRME) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal within the field of mathematics education. The journal is published by the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics, and it appears five times a year (in January, March, May, July and November). The journal is paginated by volume.
JRME "is devoted to the interests of teachers of mathematics and mathematics education at all levels—preschool through adult", and different types of articles are welcome for submission, like "reports of research, including experiments, case studies, surveys, philosophical studies, and historical studies; articles about research, including literature reviews and theoretical analyses; brief reports of research; critiques of articles and books; and brief commentaries on issues pertaining to research".
JRME has been ranked by Journal Ranking as the most influential periodical in mathematics education research worldwide and the fourth most referenced educational research journal of any kind.
Editorial board.
The editorial board, as of May 2013, consists of:
Editors:

</doc>
<doc id="20809912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809912" title="RNDF">
RNDF

The Route Network Definition File (RNDF) specifies accessible road segments and provides information such as waypoints, stop sign locations, lane widths, checkpoint locations, and parking spot locations. The route network has no implied start or end point. In addition to road segments, the RNDF specifies free-travel ‘zones’ that have a defined perimeter, but for which no waypoints are provided. Zones are used to represent parking lots and areas with moving or stationary obstacles or vehicles. It is used by DARPA for its Grand Challenge program.

</doc>
<doc id="20809987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809987" title="824 Naval Air Squadron">
824 Naval Air Squadron

824 Naval Air Squadron is a Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm squadron first formed on 3 April 1933, disbanding and reforming several times before assuming its current role at RNAS Culdrose as a training squadron.
The squadron was originally formed on 3 April 1933 as a Spotter Reconnaissance squadron. During World War II, the squadron carried out various duties, such as convoy protection, bombing raids, spotting for gunnery bombardments and attacks on enemy destroyers. The squadron took part in the Battle of Taranto on 11 November 1940, where together with aircraft from 813, 815 and 819 squadrons flying from HMS Illustrious, it successfully attacked the Italian Battle Squadron. It was disbanded 10 times between 1934 and 1970, in that time it was equipped with the Fairey Seal, Fairey Swordfish, Fairey Barracuda, Fairey Firefly and finally the Fairey Gannet. 
The squadron participated in the Falklands War, later responsible for trials of the Sea King helicopter. The squadron again disbanded in August 1989 and its aircraft were transferred to 819 Naval Air Squadron at Prestwick.
824 Naval Air Squadron reformed on 2 June 2000 at RNAS Culdrose, equipped with eight Merlin HM Mk 1 helicopter. It trains Pilots, Observers and Aircrewman on the Merlin Mk1 helicopter in Anti-Submarine Warfare and Search and Rescue. Once trained the aircrew go to one of the front line Merlin squadrons 814 NAS, 820 NAS, 829 NAS. In August 2013, 824 NAS received several new Mk2 Merlin Helicopters.

</doc>
<doc id="20810001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810001" title="Dr. Jerry Graham">
Dr. Jerry Graham

Jerry Martin Matthews (December. 16, 1931 - January. 24, 1997), better known by his ring name Dr. Jerry Graham, was an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time spent in the World Wide Wrestling Federation and as the founder of the Graham wrestling family.
Jerry Martin Matthews was adopted by his stepfather Harold Graham and his name was legally changed. Dr. Graham began wrestling at the age of 14 in his hometown of Phoenix. He was the founder of the storyline Graham wrestling family, which held numerous titles. The family included "Crazy" Luke Graham (James Grady Johnson), "Superstar" Billy Graham (Wayne Coleman), Eddie Graham (Edward Gossett), Mike Graham (Mike Gossett) Dr Jerry Graham Jr. (wrestler)Jaffe and Mad Dog Steele Graham (wrestler) Tom Hankins. Jerry sold out Madison Square Garden many times in the 1950s and late 1960s with Eddie Graham, when they were known as the Golden Grahams. After his tag team success, Dr. Graham brought "Crazy" Luke Graham and "Superstar" Billy Graham into the Graham family.
Graham feuded with Buddy Rogers in 1956 which set attendance records at that time. On November 19, 1957, one of the most infamous matches in wrestling history occurred when Graham and Dick the Bruiser wrestled Argentina Rocca and Edouard Carpentier at Madison Square Garden. During the match a major riot exploded and many fans were arrested, with eight police officers being injured from chairs that were thrown by fans. All of the wrestlers during the match were fined and Dick the Bruiser was banned for life from wrestling in New York. When Dr. Graham wrestled Bruno Sammartino for his WWWF (World Wide Wrestling Federation) title, Madison Square Garden was so packed that more than 10,328 fans were turned away. Jerry held the WWWF United States Tag Team Championship 6 times, including several reigns with Eddie Graham and one with Johnny Valentine.
Personal life.
It is well documented that Dr. Graham had many run-ins with the law and had alcohol problems. When his mother died, he grabbed a shotgun from the back of his car and took his mother's corpse out of Phoenix General Hospital. After the incident he spent time in the Arizona State Mental Hospital. In "Superstar" Billy Graham's book "Tangled Ropes" he speaks about the real life hatred that Dr. Graham had for Freddie Blassie. In 2005 Dr. Graham was inducted into the GeorgiaWrestlingHistory.com Hall Of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20810008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810008" title="Mondo and Other Stories">
Mondo and Other Stories

Mondo et autres histoires is a short story collection by French author J. M. G. Le Clézio. The stories in this collection all concern adolescents who in one way or another leave their familiar (civilized) circumstances and have numinous experiences accompanied by a rite of passage or other initiation.
Contents and themes.
In "Lullaby" a young girl leaves the busy town for the sea, and a meditative experience (compared to passages in Thoreau's "Walden" and Rousseau's "Reveries of a Solitary Walker") lets her realize a transformed way of respiration after which a journey ensues along rocks with mysterious inscriptions, a bunker, a white villa, a Greek temple, and other places of self-discovery. An encounter with a threatening man prompts her to jump from a cliff and crawl back to her village just before she, apparently, is to understand the meaning of her journey.
Likewise, "The Boy Who Had Never Seen the Sea" is a story of a boy "who runs away from school to be near the sea"; this story was translated into English and published by "The New Yorker" in 2008.
Stories.
"Mondo" was the basis for the movie of the same name by Tony Gatlif
"Peuple du ciel" and "Les Bergers" were also published separately.

</doc>
<doc id="20810032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810032" title="Lobo, Texas">
Lobo, Texas

Lobo is a ghost town in Culberson County, Texas, United States that was abandoned in 1991.
Geography.
Lobo is located in the Trans-Pecos region of West Texas, between the Van Horn Mountains and Wylie Mountains in southern Culberson County. It is situated along U.S. Highway 90, approximately south of Van Horn and west of Valentine.
History.
The community's history dates back to the mid-19th century when a bolson aquifer named "Van Horn Wells" was discovered in the area. These wells were the only known water sources within a radius of . The springs became a stop on the San Antonio-El Paso Road, followed by emigrants travelling to the West. Later followed by the San Antonio-San Diego Mail Line and Butterfield Overland Mail and other mail routes from 1857 until the railroads arrived.
In 1882, the area became a watering stop and depot for the Southern Pacific Railroad. A post office was established in 1907 under the name Lobo, after the Mexican wolves (Canis lupus baileyi) that formerly roamed the area. Two years later, a town site was laid out. With the creation of Culberson County in 1911, Lobo vied unsuccessfully with nearby Van Horn to become the new county's seat of government. By 1915, the community had a population of approximately twenty with a general store and several other businesses. A 1929 earthquake destroyed Lobo's hotel. Another powerful earthquake struck the community in 1931. By the mid-1930s, the number of inhabitants had fallen to ten. The post office closed in 1942, but the arrival of the Texas Mica Company and two railroad houses caused a slight increase in the population. Large scale irrigation commenced in the late 1940s and in the following years, cotton became an important crop in the local economy. Anderson, Clayton and Company set up a gin in Lobo, but in 1962, the railroad stop shut down. The population approached ninety by the mid-1960s. Around that time, the water table dropped dramatically and the wells were unable to supply enough water for residents and businesses. The cost of keeping the irrigation pumps operational skyrocketed, and the cotton gin shut down. In 1969, Bill Christ bought the entire community and opened a new gas station as well as a general store. Although business was initially good, the sale of alcoholic beverages caused an increase in crime. The store was destroyed by fire in 1976. In 1988, Christ placed the community on the market for $60,000. By 1991, with no purchaser and faced with personal problems, Christ abandoned his effort to save Lobo. It became a modern ghost town with limited water and an annual rainfall of around per year. On November 5, 2001, three residents from Frankfurt, Germany purchased Lobo. Their plans included fixing up dilapidated buildings and holding local arts and music festivals.
The Desert Dust Cinema festival was held in Lobo in 2011 Plans are in the works for a third festival to be held in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20810041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810041" title="Let There Be Peace on Earth (song)">
Let There Be Peace on Earth (song)

"Let There Be Peace on Earth" is a song by Jill Jackson Miller and Sy Miller written in 1955. The song is usually associated with the Christmas season and appears on the album of the same name by country singer Vince Gill. Jackson, who had been suicidal after the failure of a marriage, later said that she wrote the song after discovering what she called the "life-saving joy of God's peace and unconditional love."
Let There Be Peace on Earth is also the finale holiday tag that is added on during the holiday season each year to Illuminations: Reflections of Earth on the World Showcase Lagoon at Epcot at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida. This piece pre-dates the current show, and was also the finale of Holiday Illuminations, a dedicated holiday performance that ran prior to the debut of the current show program in the same venue. Featuring narration by Walter Cronkite, the vocal talents of Sandi Patti and Harlem Boys Choir, the performance is punctuated with fountains, rockets, projections, lasers and impressive pyrotechnics.
On November 7, 1988, performed by the GMA Stars and Personalities along with the small group of children with lighted candles in honor of the Launching of GMA-7's 777-foot tower in Tandang Sora, Quezon City, the tallest man-made structure in the country used for the Towering Power: A Musical Dedication.
In 2007, there was a campaign by a Pennsylvania woman to persuade churches to sing this song at the close of the Sunday service nearest to the anniversary of the September 11 attacks and to establish a tradition of "Peace on Earth" Day.

</doc>
<doc id="20810051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810051" title="Nagarkot massacre">
Nagarkot massacre

The Nagarkot massacre was an act of mass murder that occurred on December 14, 2005 at the Kali Devi temple in Chihandanda near Nagarkot, Nepal. Off-duty RNA sergeant Basudev Thapa (वासुदेव थापा), 26, indiscriminately shot at villagers, celebrating at the temple, with an assault rifle, killing 11 and injuring 19 more, before he himself was shot by his fellow soldiers. The shooting was said to be sparked by an argument between Thapa and some of the villagers.
Shooting.
While nearly 250 villagers were celebrating Mangsir Purnima at the Kali Devi temple in Chihandanda an argument broke out between Sergeant Basudev Thapa, stationed at the Nagarkot barrack, and youths from the nearby Pipalbot village with whom he had a long-standing enmity. When the youths began to beat him up, the allegedly drunk soldier attacked one of them with a knife. Yelling "I'll come back and kill you all" Thapa, bruised from the fight, drove off in his motorcycle and returned to the barracks, where he armed himself with an L1A1 SLR. Although he was off-duty at that time, Thapa was allowed to leave the barracks with the gun without fulfilling any formality.
After about half an hour, at 11:30 p.m., Thapa and three of his colleagues returned to the temple grounds. He fired a few shots in the air, before shooting indiscriminately at the people who were trying to seek refuge within the temple from the gunman.
Though many initial news reports named 12 civilians killed, the official report states that only 11 people were shot to death and 19 others wounded by the more than 200 shots fired, before Thapa himself was killed. According to RNA statements, Thapa committed suicide, though many witnesses said that he was killed by one of his colleagues, while he was still firing at the villagers. An investigation of Thapa's body found that he died of a chest wound that could not possibly have been self-inflicted, thus contradicting the official version.
Aftermath.
The next day the RNA commenced to clean the crime scene, deliberately destroying evidence, presumably in an attempt to cover up the incident. When a second rifle was found in a pool about 60 metres away from Thapa's body, questions arose if there might have been a second gunman.
In consequence human rights activists and opposition parties, as well as the people from Nagarkot demonstrated, demanding an impartial investigation and denouncing frequent human rights violations by and severe corruptness and indiscipline within the RNA. As a response the government formed a three-member judicial commission to investigate the incident and proposed to pay compensations of 150,000 Nepalese rupees to each of the victims families and to bear the expenses for treating the injured. Further the RNA also established a probe committee to scrutinise the massacre.
The official report was released on January 3, 2006 and stated, that "Thapa committed suicide by shooting himself and no evidence was found of the involvement of any other person except Thapa in the incident". Further it was noted that Thapa had a history of indiscipline and obstructing work and that the leading officer of the Nagarkot barracks had failed to maintain discipline among his personnel. The report also recommended to compensate the victims and their families and to take care of their education and livelihood.
Victims of the massacre protested several times in Kathmandu, because of the passivity of the government in providing the compensations recommended by the probe committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20810053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810053" title="Bashkimi Prizren">
Bashkimi Prizren

Bashkimi, or K.B. Bashkimi is a basketball club created in 1945.
Now Bashkimi competes in Kosovo's first division Siguria Superleague. Its fan club is called Arpagjik't.
After the Kosovo War of 1999, Bashkimi won the Kosovo Cup. The best-known players of the team since its founding include Davor Pejcinovic, Johny Philips, Lee Benson, Schin Kerr, Vedran Bosnic, Billy Armstrong, Bledar Gjeqaj, and William Njoku.
After a bad season, the club regained its fame bringing back the fans to watch games again. Its main players now are Artan Kurti (C), Donte Gennie, florian rexhepi, Korab Ferizi, Abdurrahman Kahrimanoviq, Visar Bunjaku, Qendrim Biraj, Urim Zenelaj, and Mark Marku. The coach is Jeton Nixha and now the team is one of the top 3 hopefuls the Kosovo Champion CUP.

</doc>
<doc id="20810061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810061" title="Mattingly Settlement, Ohio">
Mattingly Settlement, Ohio

The Mattingly Settlement is a historic area and unincorporated community in Muskingum Township, Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. It was named after the many members of the Mattingly family who settled the area in the 19th century, the first being William Mattingly (1778–1857) who arrived in 1812.
Addressees in the area receive mail through the Nashport post office; Nashport is located about 5 miles west of the Mattingly Settlement.
Though the Mattingly Settlement was never officially incorporated as a village, it is still used by the Diocese of Columbus as the location of The Church of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary (commonly known as St. Mary's).

</doc>
<doc id="20810069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810069" title="Märkische Museum Railway">
Märkische Museum Railway

The Märkische Museum Railway (Märkische Museums-Eisenbahn) or MME is a German railway society that was founded in order to show narrow gauge vehicles in operation on small branch lines.
History.
Found on 14 July 1982 at Plettenberg, the society used the opportunity to buy vehicles, that had formerly worked in the Sauerland, from the Juist and Spiekerooge island railways which had just closed.
The priority for their collection is the following railways:
In Plettenberg the society could take over the remaining trackage from the PKB and set up a temporary workshop in an old boiler house in order to restore the vehicles acquired.
In the margins, relicts of the Ruhr-Lippe-Eisenbahn (RLE) and a host of narrow gauge industrial railway were able to be salvaged, including for example the historically interesting Harkort Coal Railway,which was founded by the industrial pioneer, Friedrich Harkort, and went into service in 1830 – no less than five years before the Nuremberg–Fürth railway – albeit initially as a wagonway.
Museum railway.
The society found a suitable site for the establishment of its 1000 mm museum railway on the trackbed of the Plettenberg–Herscheid railway between Hüinghausen station and Köbbinghausen halt (formerly timetable route ("Kursbuchstrecke" or "KBS") no. 239k, which had closed in 1969 and been subsequently dismantled. Operations are carried out under the name of the "Sauerland Light Railway" ("Sauerländer Kleinbahn").

</doc>
<doc id="20810076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810076" title="Journal of Mathematics Teacher Education">
Journal of Mathematics Teacher Education

Journal of Mathematics Teacher Education is a peer-reviewed scientific journal within the field of mathematics education. The journal was founded by Thomas J. Cooney, and it first appeared in 1998. Published by Springer, the journal normally appears in 6 annual issues. The journal is paginated by volume.
According to the official description of the journal, it "is devoted to research that seeks to improve the education of mathematics teachers and develop teaching methods that better enable mathematics students to learn".
Associate editors.
As of January 2013, the following served as associate editors for the journal:

</doc>
<doc id="20810082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810082" title="Athboy RFC">
Athboy RFC

Athboy RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Athboy, County Meath. They play in the Leinster League Div 3 competition organised by the Leinster Branch of the IRFU. The club colours are red, purple and 
black.
History
Athboy Rugby Football Club was founded in 1978 and the subsequent years have been tough but rewarding time for those who originally came together in the town with the idea of establishing the oval ball game in the area and indeed the many people who have come along since. Edmund Carroll from Athboy and local Vet Rafe Warner were both instrumental in the formation of the club which boasted, in its first year, one team and about a dozen alickadoos, The initial season of 1978-79 constituted a series of friendlies but in the summer of 1979 the club was officially affiliated to the Leinster Branch of the IRFU.
Since 1985 Athboy has had fielded under 10's and 12 teams and this has grown to included under 8's under 14',16's and in 03/04 an Under 18's(in conjunction with Ardee) The 18's went on to win leinster Under 18's Division 1 the same season. Several players have gone on to represent Leinster at several levels including U17,U18,Women's U19, Women's Leinster B and the Senior Leinster Women's Team also former player Richie Feeney(now UL Bohs) made his Ireland U19 debut V England in 2004.
Silverware Success
Success on the field has brought home 4 trophies, those 4 triumphs- 3 in the Magee Cup (North-East J3 League) 1987,1988 & 1990 and the Michael Dunne Cup (Provincial J4) in 1982. Playing as a Junior 4 side the club only had to wait 3 seasons before bringing home the first trophy home to the Bawn Inn where the club was then based. It may have taken a replay to see off Kilkenny in the Dunne Cup Final but the 10-6 victory was a great boost for a fledgling club and the Jimmy McCann led XV.
With growing success in area and provincial rugby the club sought and was granted by the Leinster Branch a move up to Junior 3 in 1982. A second XV was started and the club boasted up to 40 players and several officials. With the club finding success on the field the decision was taken to locate to a new home and this was achieved when land was acquired on the edge of the town . The 2 teams began playing there in 1986 and over £2000 was spent installing floodlights for training.
In the summer of 1999 a meeting was held with the aim of fielding again at senior level this was achieved with a mixture of players who had played both at senior and underage level for the club plus several who had moved into the area and a few new recruits to the oval ball. As with the first team the new team spent its first year playing friendlies and in the 2000-01 season played in the Provincial Thirds League,The Anderson Cup and the Dunne Cup. 
Womens Team
The Women's team was also started in 1999-00 season playing a number of friendlies and played in the National Conference in 2000-01. In the 2001-2002 season the women's XV shared the All Ireland League Division 3 title with Trinity College coached by Raymond Finegan. The following year they lost out in an all Meath All Ireland final against Navan
The membership of the club reflects a broad level of interest in rugby throughout the area with players from Athboy,Trim and other parts of South Meath.
Athboy RFC Club Presidents
1978-1981 Patrick Noonan
1981-1984 Jack Ryan
1984-1987 Rafe Warner
1987-1989 Jack Williams
1989-1990 Peter Smith
1990-1991 Luke Mahon
1991-1992 Michael Brogan (Jnr)
1992-1995 Vincent Eivers
1995-1997 Jack Williams
1997-2000 Padraic Staunton
2000-2003 Michael O'Flaherty
2003-2006 Bill Daly
2006-2008 Padraic Staunton
2008-2010 Simon Magnier
2010- Seamus Potterton
1978-1981 Oliver Molloy
1981-1982 Jimmy McCann
1982-1984 Jack Williams
1984-1986 Peter Smyth
1986-1987 Vincent Eivers
1987-1988 Norman Allen
1988-1990 Tom Eivers 
1990-1991 Niall Brogan 
1991-1993 John Joyce
1993-1994 Padraig Dixon
1994-1998 Tom Eivers
1998-1999 Padraig Dixon
1999-2000 John Paul Matthews
2000-2002 Michael Brogan
2002-2003 David Bohan
2003-2004 Owen Kerrane
2004-2005 Denis Fagan
2005-2006 John Paul Matthews
2006-2007 David Callaghan
2007-2009 Seamus Potterton
2009-2010 Simon Barrett
2010-2011 Cathal Dempsey
2011-2012 Alan Fox
2012-2013 Bryan Quirke
2013- Ian Douglas
Michael Dunne Cup 1982
Magee Cup 1987,1988, 1990, 2010, 2011
Women's All Ireland League Division 3 2002
Leinster U18's Division 1 2004

</doc>
<doc id="20810086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810086" title="Hydroxy alpha sanshool">
Hydroxy alpha sanshool

Hydroxy-alpha sanshool is a bioactive component of plants from the Xanthoxylum genus, including the Sichuan pepper. It is believed to be responsible for the numbing, tingling sensation (paresthesia) caused by eating food cooked with Sichuan peppercorns. 
The molecular mechanisms by which hydroxy-alpha sanshool induces these sensations have been a matter of debate. Although the compound is an agonist at the pain-integrating cation channels TRPV1 and TRPA1, newer evidence suggests that the two-pore domain potassium channels KCNK3, KCNK9, and KCNK18 are primarily responsible for hydroxy-alpha sanshool's effects.
The term "sanshool" in the compound's name is derived from the Japanese term for the Sichuan pepper, (literally, Mountain Pepper), to which was appended the suffix -ol, indicating a chemical alcohol.

</doc>
<doc id="20810087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810087" title="Aaron Lester">
Aaron Lester

Aaron Lester (born 16 May 1973) is a New Zealand former rugby league player. His position of preference was at Hooker.
His brother, Stuart, played for Wigan.
New Zealand.
A Junior Kiwi in 1992, Lester went on to play for the New Zealand Residents in 1994. An Ellerslie junior, he played for the Auckland City Vulcans in the Lion Red Cup in 1994 before being signed to an Auckland Warriors development contract. He debuted for the Warriors in the Australian Rugby League competition in 1996. He played 3 first grade games for the club, starting all of them at Hooker, however he was not re-signed for the 1997 season.
Whitehaven.
Instead Lester moved to England, signing for the Whitehaven where he was to become a legend. He went on play for the club for over ten years and formed a strong combination with fellow Kiwis David Fatialofa and Leroy Joe. Lester was the captain of the side from 2000 until his retirement. He led the side to their first ever final in 2004 when Whitehaven made the National League 1 Grand Final. Injury, including a broken arm in 2006, slowed him down in later years. He finally announced his retirement at the end of the 2007 season. New coach Ged Stokes talked to Lester about coming out of retirement for the 2008 season, however he decided against it.
Honoured at Whitehaven.
Aaron Lester is a Whitehaven Hall Of Fame Inductee. He was named at hooker in Whitehaven's Immortals team.

</doc>
<doc id="20810113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810113" title="Extinction in Stereo">
Extinction in Stereo

Extinction In Stereo is a compilation EP from melodic hardcore band No Trigger.

</doc>
<doc id="20810118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810118" title="Lentz Center for Asian Culture">
Lentz Center for Asian Culture

The Lentz Center for Asian Culture is located at 1155 Q Street in downtown Lincoln, Nebraska. Part of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, the Lentz Center recognizes the rich and varied cultures of Asia. Its collection provides an opportunity for enhancing instructional programs on the campus and enriching the cultural environment of Nebraska. The Center is meant to embody the University's commitment to fostering multicultural understanding through an appreciation of Asian cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="20810131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810131" title="2000–01 Football League Trophy">
2000–01 Football League Trophy

The Football League Trophy 2000–01, known as the LDV Vans Trophy 2000–01 for sponsorship reasons, was the 17th staging of the Football League Trophy, a knock-out competition for English football clubs in Second and Third Division. The winners were Port Vale and the runners-up were Brentford.
The competition began on 28 November 2000 and ended with the final on 22 April 2001 at the Millennium Stadium.
In the first round, there were two sections: North and South. In the following rounds each section gradually eliminates teams in knock-out fashion until each has a winning finalist. At this point, the two winning finalists face each other in the combined final for the honour of the trophy. In addition to the 48 league teams, 8 Conference teams were also invited.
First round.
Blackpool, Macclesfield Town, Shrewsbury Town and Walsall from the North section all received byes.
Leyton Orient, Reading, Swansea City and Swindon from the South section all received byes.

</doc>
<doc id="20810164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810164" title="RMS Andania">
RMS Andania

RMS "Andania" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20810169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810169" title="Serguei Kouchnerov">
Serguei Kouchnerov

Serguei Kouchnerov - artist, animator, director, story artist and screenwriter. He started his career as an animator and director in Kiev, Ukraine. In 1992, he was hired by Walt Disney Feature Animation as a character animator and came to the United States of America, where he currently lives and work at Illumination Entertainment.
Career.
Serguei Kouchnerov worked for Kievnauchfilm Studio in Kiev, Ukraine (then Soviet Union) on the animated feature film "Treasure Island" (1988) and on many other animated short films. When in the United States he worked for Walt Disney Feature Animation on "Fantasia 2000" before joining DreamWorks Animation for such animated feature films as "The Prince of Egypt" (1998), "The Road to El Dorado" (2000), "Shrek 2" (2004), "Bee Movie (2007), Madagascar (2005), Over the Hedge (2006), and (2008). "One of his current work as an author was a CGI animated short film" The Hybrid Union "(2010"), "It was part of an international theatrical release as well as available in the theatrical program on iTunes, Amazon.com, VOD and Shorts HD." View The Hybrid Union Film in iTunes and Amazon.com

</doc>
<doc id="20810191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810191" title="Bill Morgan (archivist)">
Bill Morgan (archivist)

Bill Morgan is an American writer, editor and painter, best known for his work as an archivist and bibliographer for public figures such as Allen Ginsberg, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Abbie Hoffman, and Timothy Leary.
Biography.
Morgan served as Ginsberg's personal archivist and bibliographer from the early-'80s until the author's death from cancer in 1997. Over their 20-year professional relationship, Morgan became quite close to Ginsberg, and has written extensively on the Beat Generation and its key figures.
Bill Morgan's interest in the Beats goes back to the early 1970s, when he was attending school at the University of Pittsburgh. For his master's degree thesis, he compiled a bibliography of the works of Lawrence Ferlinghetti, poet and owner of City Lights Books, the famous San Francisco bookstore and one of the most important publishers of the early Beat writers, most notably Allen Ginsberg. After finishing his thesis, Morgan was encouraged by the editors at the University of Pittsburgh Press to pursue this project with a view toward eventual publication. He did indeed continue his research, working in close collaboration with Ferlinghetti as his personal bibliographer, and, after a decade of research, he published "Lawrence Ferlinghetti: A Comprehensive Bibliography" (New York: Garland Publishing, 1982).
By 1980 Morgan had moved to New York City. While he was still working on the Ferlinghetti book, the San Francisco poet had referred him to Allen Ginsberg, whose own personal library and archive were invaluable sources of information on the Beats. Early consultations with the poet grew into an enduring relationship that lasted from the early 1980s until Ginsberg's death in 1997. During these years Morgan served as Ginsberg's archivist and bibliographer, helping the poet to organize and maintain his ever-increasing library and records. As Ginsberg's bibliographer, Morgan spent fifteen years corresponding with and visiting numerous publishers, editors, scholars, and library collections in order to gather sufficient information to document the history of Ginsberg's prodigious output and the worldwide attention it has drawn. The results of his research appeared in a two-volume bibliography: "The Works of Allen Ginsberg, 1941-1994: A Descriptive Bibliography" and "The Response to Allen Ginsberg, 1926-1994: A Bibliography of Secondary Sources"] (Westport, Conn.: Greenwood Press, 1995, 1997). In 2006, Morgan published "I Celebrate Myself: The Somewhat Private Life of Allen Ginsberg" (New York: Viking, 2006). He followed that in 2010 with "The Typewriter Is Holy: The Complete, Uncensored History of the Beat Generation" (New York, NY: Free Press, 2010).
Morgan has also authored or edited a half-dozen other works relating to the Beats, including collections of Ginsberg's essays ("Deliberate Prose: Selected Essays, 1952–1995," New York: HarperCollins, 2000), of the poet's last poems ("Death & Fame: Poems, 1993-1997"; coedited with Bob Rosenthal and Peter Hale, New York: HarperFlamingo, 1999), and of Gregory Corso's correspondence ("An Accidental Autobiography: The Selected Letters of Gregory Corso," New York: New Directions, 2003). Through City Lights in San Francisco, he has published two guides, ' (1997) and ' (2003). The latter appeared during the fiftieth anniversary celebration of City Lights, to which Morgan also contributed with a series of free walking tours of the North Beach section of San Francisco, once a center of bohemian life in the city and a past home for many of the Beats in the 1950s and 1960s.
In the course of his decades of research on the Beats, Morgan gathered perhaps the largest private collections of printed works by and about Ferlinghetti and Ginsberg in private hands. Recently, finding it increasingly difficult to maintain these two very large and valuable collections in his New York City apartment, he reluctantly determined to part with them. Knowing that Ferlinghetti was a UNC-Chapel Hill alumnus, he decided in the fall of 2001 to offer his collection of the San Francisco poet to the UNC libraries. Discussions with library officials led to the transfer of the collection to Chapel Hill in December of that year, partly as sale and partly as gift. Pleased with the outcome, Morgan then offered a similar arrangement for his even more extensive Allen Ginsberg collection. The materials were delivered to the Rare Book Collection in Wilson Library in August 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20810198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810198" title="Baillieston St Andrew's Church">
Baillieston St Andrew's Church

Baillieston St Andrew's Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland, a member of the Presbyterian Church. The church building is located on the corner of Bredisholm Road and Muirhead Road, Baillieston, Glasgow, Scotland. The church today serves the town of Baillieston.
History.
The congregation of Baillieston St Andrew's was established in November 1966, by the union of the Baillieston Old Parish and Rhinsdale Churches.
Baillieston Parish Church.
The origins of Baillieston Parish Church go back to the late 1820s when George Scott of Daldowie gifted a site on Crosshill Farm for the building of a church, to be known as the Crosshill Chapel of Ease, and provision of a cemetery for the village. Plans were prepared and building proceeded; the first church in Scotland under the First Church Extension Scheme of the Church of Scotland. The church in Church Street, Crosshill (now closed) only cost £507 to build and was opened on 7 July 1833 with seating for 500. Prior to this the only church in the area was Old Monklands Parish Church. The first minister was the Rev. Andrew Gray who as a probationer of the Church also taught in the local school. He remained as minister until the Disruption in 1843 when he was called to be minister at Dumbarton. Over the next 123 years Baillieston Parish Church had a further six ministers until the union with Rhinsdale Church in 1966.
In June 1967 Rev. John J.C. Owen, took up his first charge at Baillieston Old Parish Church where he remained until December 1979, a period of twelve years. During his ministry a fund for the building of a new church was started and with the generosity of the congregation and members of the public, sufficient money was collected over some years to allow the building of the new church to proceed. The “Old Church” had served its purpose well, having been in constant use for about 140 years, but was now in need of almost continual and costly maintenance. This, coupled with the closure of Rhinsdale Church whose congregation had united with the “Old Church” in November 1966 causing a very considerable increase in its membership, made it necessary to build a new church.
Baillieston Parish Church War Memorial.
The War Memorial to those who had fallen in the 1914-18 war was extended to include the names of those who gave their lives in the 2nd World War, 1939–45, and on Sunday, 15 April 1951 an Unveiling and Dedication Service was held. The Rev. Roy McVicar officiated. The memorial was unveiled by William Reid (VC). who also gave the address to a very full church. Other gifts were given by members of the congregation and these included a full suite of chairs for the choir along with a special chair in keeping with the design of the Communion chairs as a memorial.
Rhinsdale Parish Church.
Rhinsdale Church, originally known in Baillieston as the U.P. Kirk (United Presbyterian) was first started by a number of people from Baillieston and district in March 1862. They met for services at school building at Fauldshill known as a preaching U.P. Church, getting their preachers from the U.P. Presbytery of Glasgow. James Hunter, a Glasgow merchant, who lived in Rhinsdale House then, and in all probability owned Fauldshill where the old school stood, was one who was responsible for the beginning of the congregation.
While the early members were using the school they resolved to have a church of their own and began to collect subscriptions for this purpose. In due course, with their subscriptions, plus assistance from the U.P. Building Fund and the Ferguson Bequest Fund, they had a total of £1,200. A site which latterly became well known in Baillieston was chosen. It was gifted to the church by James Beaumont Neilson, the inventor of hot blast which revolutionised iron smelting in Coatbridge in the 1830s. By October 1863 construction of the buildings was well ahead so the members, 81 of them, petitioned the Glasgow Presbytery of the U. P. Church for permission to form a congregation of the U.P. Church in Baillieston. This was granted and in January 1864 the U.P. Church in Baillieston was born. It was opened for worship on 17 February 1864. The new buildings were the church and at the rear the Session House and Vestry and above a small hail.
It was almost five months later before the new congregation called its first minister. He was the Rev. John Mcintyre and he was ordained on 1 June 1865. Over the next 100 years Rhinsdale Church had a further eight ministers until the union with Baillieston Old Parish Church in 1966.
Rhinsdale Church War Memorial:
Many men from the Rhinsdale congregation saw active service, sixteen of them being killed in action. Their names were inscribed on a memorial plaque incorporated in the Communion Table.
The new church.
The congregation of Baillieston St Andrew's was established in November 1966, by the union of the Baillieston Old and Rhinsdale Churches. The new congregation appointed its first minister, the Rev John Owen in June 1967. During the first seven years of his ministry the Rev Owen worked with his congregation to plan and oversee the building of a new church building to replace the "Old" parish church. The new church was dedicated in December 1974.
The church today.
Today Baillieston St Andrew's Church is a busy congregation with a wide range of activities for all ages.
The minister of Baillieston St Andrew's Church is a Chaplain at Caledonia Primary School and joint Chaplain at Bannerman High School in Baillieston.
In 2009, the congregation had a role of 386 members and adherents.

</doc>
<doc id="20810218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810218" title="Item bank">
Item bank

An item bank is a term for a repository of test items that belong to a testing program, as well as all information pertaining to those items. In most applications of testing and assessment, the items are of multiple choice format, but any format can be used. Items are pulled from the bank and assigned to test forms for publication either as a paper-and-pencil test or some form of e-assessment.
Types of information.
An item bank will not only include the text of each item, but also extensive information regarding test development and psychometric characteristics of the items. Examples of such information include:
Item banking software.
Because an item bank is essentially a simple database, it can be stored in database software or even a spreadsheet such as Microsoft Excel. However, there are several dozen commercially-available software programs specifically designed for item banking. The advantages that these provide are related to assessment. For example, items are presented on the computer screen as they would appear to a test examinee, and item response theory parameters can be translated into item response functions or information functions. Additionally, there are functionalities for publication, such as formatting a set of items to be printed as a paper-and-pencil test.
Some item bankers also have test administration functionalities, such as being able to deliver e-assessment or process "bubble" answer sheets.

</doc>
<doc id="20810224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810224" title="Thiazide-like diuretic">
Thiazide-like diuretic

A thiazide-like diuretic is a sulfonamide diuretic that has similar physiological properties to a thiazide diuretic, but does not have the chemical properties of a thiazide, lacking the benzothiadiazine molecular structure.
Examples include chlorthalidone and metolazone.
Some, such as indapamide are considered thiazide-like diuretics, but do not necessarily have the same mechanism.

</doc>
<doc id="20810248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810248" title="Hanging with Hector">
Hanging with Hector

Hanging with Hector is an Irish television series broadcast on RTÉ One. It is presented by the Irish personality Hector Ó hEochagáin (Hector). The show centres on Ó hEochagáin's exploits as he meets a different well-known individual for each episode and spends the day "hanging out" with them, engaging in their lifestyles and partaking in their chosen pursuits in a manner deemed entertaining for the Irish television viewing public. It has been criticised for being "about as original as washing your teeth each morning".
It is very similar to its more recent female equivalent "Livin' with Lucy", although Ó hEochagáin, unlike Lucy Kennedy, does not actually live with the celebrities. The celebrities are largely male, with the most recent season including the chef Richard Corrigan, the former Irish rugby union international Trevor Brennan, the rugby analyst and radio presenter George Hook and, most recently, the horse trainer Aidan O'Brien. However, the female athlete Derval O'Rourke has featured in the past. The second season featured the comedian Jon Kenny (known as one half of D'Unbelievables) and snooker player Ken Doherty. The first season included the fraudulent banker-turned CEO of Galway United F.C., Nick Leeson, the footballer Niall Quinn and Ó hEochagáin's schoolboy friend and future radio partner Tommy Tiernan.
The very first episode saw Ó hEochagáin hang with his most profile figure, Bertie Ahern, who was still Taoiseach at the time the programme was filmed and aired. The episode included a business trip to Paris. The episode with the goalkeeper Shay Given took place at his home in Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom. It was filmed just prior to a Premiership fixture with Arsenal F.C., and Ó hEochagáin famously acquired a pair of boots belonging to Alan Shearer. The episode with the comedian Dara Ó Briain followed him as he performed three shows in one night at the Edinburgh Fringe, made a television appearance on "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" and visited Brands Hatch motor racing circuit to improve his driving skills. The episode with the actor Colm Meaney was filmed in Majorca where the pair went swimming and got wheel-clamped before flying out to Norway for the Haugesund Film Festival where they attended a screening of the film "The Boys (and Girl) from County Clare" and sing to the Scandinavian audience a rendition of "Whiskey in the Jar". Also featured were the jockey Johnny Murtagh and the comedienne Deirdre O'Kane. 
Episodes.
Season one.
Niall Quinn revealed his regret at becoming involved in the Saipan incident.
Season two.
Jon Kenny took Ó hEochagáin around his home town of Bruff, County Limerick, where they chatted to the local butcher, an Elvis impersonator, before attending a bullock auction. Ken Doherty took Ó hEochagáin on a tour of Preston as he prepared to compete in the season-opening Grand Prix. Ó hEochagáin then humorously refereed a charity match following a meeting with Jimmy White.
Recent archive.
Season three.
Ó hEochagáin travelled to a food festival in northern Scotland where he met Richard Corrigan, who took him to his new restaurant in County Kildare. They later visited London. Trevor Brennan met Ó hEochagáin in Toulouse, France and they visited Stade Toulousain, took a trip to the local market and challenged the local citizens to a game of boules. Derval O'Rourke gave Ó hEochagáin an insight into her athletic lifestyle as she travelled to Portugal to train in a warmer climate. She was then taken to the RTÉ Sports Personality of the Year awards and the couple flew via helicopter to Naas Racecourse. George Hook provided Ó hEochagáin with an insight into his journalistic, radiotorial, judemental lifestyle.
Once-off edition.
Hector was with Aidan O'Brien to witness the preparations for the Breeders' Cup Classic in the United States. He also on his daily rounds with Aidan at Ballydoyle, on the Gallops and in the stables.

</doc>
<doc id="20810256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810256" title="Martha Crago">
Martha Crago

Martha Crago is Vice President of Research at Dalhousie University. She is an internationally-known expert on language acquisition, specializing in studying language acquisition across languages and learner groups. Crago received a B.A. in sociology and anthropology from McGill University in 1968 and a Ph.D. in communication sciences and disorders from McGill in 1988. She was employed at McGill from 1971-2005 and the University of Montreal from 2005-2007 until accepting her current position at Dalhousie. She has also served as a visiting professor at the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics from 2005-2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20810258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810258" title="Glossary of winemaking terms">
Glossary of winemaking terms

This glossary of winemaking terms lists some of terms and definitions involved in making wine, fruit wine, and mead.

</doc>
<doc id="20810264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810264" title="Idnibba">
Idnibba

Idnibba () was a Palestinian village, located at latitude 31.7426937N and longitude 34.8561001,E in the southern part of the Ramle Subdistrict. It was depopulated in 1948, at which time its population was 568, and its lands are now used by Kfar Menahem.
History.
Idnibba may have been built on the site of the Roman settlement of Danuba. The Crusaders also called it Danuba.
In 1596, Idnibba was part of the Ottoman Empire, "nahiya" (subdistrict) of Gaza under the "liwa"' (district) of Gaza with a population of 198. It paid taxes on a number of crops, including wheat, barley and sesame seeds, as well as goats and beehives.
In the late nineteenth century, Idnibba was described as a village built of stone and mud and situated on high ground. It was surrounded by cactus hedges and had a fig tree orchard to the south.
Most villagers worked in agriculture and animal husbandry. In 1944/45, a total of 5,277 dunums of village land was used for cereals. 85 dunums were irrigated or used for orchards, of which 64 dunums was for olives.
1948 and aftermath.
On 16 July 1948, during Operation An-Far, Givati HQ informed General Staff\Operations that "our forces have entered the villages of Qazaza, Kheima, Jilya, Idnibba, Mughallis, expelled the inhabitants, blown up and torched a number of houses. The area is at the moment clear of Arabs."
There are no Israeli settlements on village lands. The settlement of Kefar Menachem, built in 1937, is about 2 km southwest of the village site.
Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi described the remains of Idnibba in 1992: "The site and the surrounding lands have been converted into pastures and woods. A large area has been leveled by bulldozers. Demolished walls and the remnants of stone houses lie at various points on the site. There are natural caves with artificial, arched entrances on the upper, western edge of the site."

</doc>
<doc id="20810281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810281" title="Isidium">
Isidium

An isidium is a vegetative reproductive structure present in some lichens. Isidia are outgrowths of the thallus surface, and are corticated (i.e., containing the outermost layer of the thallus), usually with a columnar structure, and consisting of both fungal hyphae (the mycobiont) and algal cells (the photobiont). They are fragile structures and may break off and be distributed by wind, animals, and splashing raindrops. In terms of structure, isidia may be described as warty, cylindrical, clavate (club-shaped), scale-like, coralloid (coral-shaped), simple, or branched.
Examples of isidiate lichens include members of the genera "Parmotrema" and "Peltigera".
See also.
Soredia

</doc>
<doc id="20810282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810282" title="Glossary of viticulture terms">
Glossary of viticulture terms

This glossary of viticultural terms list some of terms and definitions involved in growing grapes for use in winemaking.

</doc>
<doc id="20810350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810350" title="Pine Springs, Texas">
Pine Springs, Texas

"For Pine Springs, Smith County, Texas see" Pine Springs, Smith County, Texas.
Pine Springs is an unincorporated community in northern Culberson County, Texas, United States. It is the closest settlement to the headquarters of Guadalupe Mountains National Park, which contains Guadalupe Peak, the highest point in the state of Texas. Pine Springs is located on U.S. Routes 62 and 180. The last population read 51 residents.
Climate.
Pine Springs experiences a semi-arid climate with hot summers and cool winters. Pine Springs is located at the base of the Guadalupe Mountains, at a higher elevation than most of the Chihuahuan Desert. As a result, Pine Springs is substantially cooler and receives more precipitation than the vast majority of the desert. Due to Pine Springs' elevation and aridity, temperatures drop sharply after sunset. Summer nights are comfortably cool. Most precipitation falls in the summer and early fall, as thunderstorms sweep across the desert. Winter days are mild, but nighttime temperatures often fall below freezing. Bitterly cold temperatures close to zero are rare, but can occur in winter months.

</doc>
<doc id="20810373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810373" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1956–1959">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1956–1959

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 13 October 1956 election and the 2 May 1959 election. The previous Darwin division had been renamed Braddon after former Premier of Tasmania Sir Edward Braddon.

</doc>
<doc id="20810379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810379" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1955–1956">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1955–1956

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 19 February 1955 election and the 13 October 1956 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20810384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810384" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1950–1955">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1950–1955

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 6 May 1950 election and the 19 February 1955 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20810386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810386" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1948–1950">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1948–1950

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 21 August 1948 election and the 6 mAY 1950 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20810410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810410" title="Salvador Güereña">
Salvador Güereña

Salvador Güereña is an archivist, curator, and writer. Güereña specializes in ethnic and multicultural archives, and in digital technologies involving Chicano/Latino arts. Since 1989 he has been Director of the California Ethnic and Multicultural Archives in the University of California, Santa Barbara Davidson Library. He is a published author and editor, including several books and numerous articles in the field of library science, bibliography, and archival science. He was editor and co-author of "Library Services to Latinos: an Anthology" (2000), and is co-editor and co-author of the forthcoming Pathways to Progress: Issues and Advances in Latino Librarianship (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="20810423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810423" title="Hamilton-Baillie">
Hamilton-Baillie

Hamilton-Baillie is a family name. Notable members include:

</doc>
<doc id="20810424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810424" title="David Córdoba">
David Córdoba

David Córdoba (born in Medellín, Antioquia. December 12, 1980) is a Colombian footballer currently playing for Atlético Huila in Copa Mustang. He debuted as a professional in 2001 playing for Centauros Villavicencio, because of great success with this club he was then transferred to Cúcuta Deportivo participating with them in Copa Libertadores. Later Atlético Nacional saw his potential later offering him a contract for two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20810445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810445" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1959–1964">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1959–1964

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 2 May 1959 election and the 2 May 1964 election. Prior to this election, each of the five Tasmanian seats had been expanded from 6 to 7 members to provide an odd number of members, due mainly to a series of hung parliaments.

</doc>
<doc id="20810462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810462" title="Bill Nelson's Red Noise">
Bill Nelson's Red Noise

Bill Nelson's Red Noise, or more simply , was a British band, formed by his brother (saxophone), (keyboards), (bass) and (drums), around 1978.
Nelson formed the band after dissolving while metamorphosing from and rock to more and electronic sounds following the last album, released early 1978. Clark had also been a member of that band while had collaborated on the song from the album (1976). Peer was previously in 
Red Noise released only one album, the seminal plus two singles, and in 1979. After that, continued as a solo artist, with the collaboration of Clark and his brother Ian. played with and and now composes soundtrack music for the entertainment industry in California; while is with a band called 
Red Noise is also considered by some Be-Bop fans as a continuation because of 's similarity to the emerging electronic character of Be-Bop's final studio album, released the previous year. An interview with Bill Nelson in 1979 hints that several of the songs in were written during his Be-Bop Deluxe days and might have been included in any Be-Bop album that might have followed if that band had remained together. However, Nelson also makes clear that he regarded Red Noise as an escape from Be-Bop Deluxe rather than its continuation: "Drastic Plastic was the last-ditch attempt to get the band to change a bit but it was difficult for people to accept." When touring England to promote the album, Red Noise did not play any Be-Bop songs.
In a 1984 interview, Nelson revealed that he had recorded a second Red Noise album immediately after "Sound - On - Sound" but that his record company didn't like it: "EMI wouldn't release it, and it sat on the shelf." Nelson's manager eventually purchased three of the unreleased songs back from EMI so that Nelson could release them as a solo artist under his own label, Cocteau Records. One of these was "Do You Dream In Colour", which received generous radio airplay and press coverage for its original music video. This attracted the attention of Phonogram, who secured the remaining tracks for Cocteau in order to release the full album, "Quit Dreaming And Get On The Beam", credited simply to "Bill Nelson", in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20810480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810480" title="Grasshopper Junction, Arizona">
Grasshopper Junction, Arizona

Grasshopper Junction in an unincorporated communityin Mohave County, Arizona, United States. Lying four miles (6 km) west of the town of Chloride, Grasshopper Junction provides access to a lone surviving mining camp along County Road 125. The area features the Grasshopper Junction restaurant as a roadside attraction.
History.
In January 1951, the United States government established the Nevada Test Site, a nuclear weapons testing reservation located in Nye County, Nevada, about 180 miles (290 km) northwest Grasshopper Junction. During the 1950s, the mushroom cloud from these tests could be seen for almost in either direction, including in the city of Las Vegas where the tests became tourist attractions. Between May 28 and October 7, 1957, the Nevada Test Site ran a series of nuclear tests called Operation Plumbbob. In 1958, the site carried out low-yield atmospheric and underground tests identified as Operation Hardtack II. As a result of Operation Plumbbob and Operation Hardtack, Grasshopper Junction became part of the June 22–26, 1959 hearings before the Special Subcommittee on Radiation of the Joint Committee on Atomic Energy. At the time, the population of Grasshopper Junction was two, and the first session of the 86th United States Congress determined that the estimated radiation dose received by the Grasshopper Junction population was 0.03 roentgen (8 microcoulombs per kilogram) before Operation Plumbbob (Pre-Plumbbob) and 0.03 roentgen (8 µC/kg) after Operation Hardtack II (Cumulative).
In December 1975, a marker was erected across from Grasshopper Junction to honor the bicentennial of Chloride.
From 1988 to 1991, Grasshopper Junction had a population of six, which included Dean Morrison and Jackie Appelhans as co-owners of a store and restaurant and their four children. Although their children had moved away by 1991, they were included in the population count. In May 1991, both Morrison (age 65) and Appelhans (age 60) were found murdered in their home. Brothers Robert and Roger Murray were each convicted on June 12, 1992 of two counts of first-degree murder and one count of armed robbery, and were sentenced to death. In October 1995, the sentencing was affirmed by the Arizona Supreme Court. In May 2008, Roger Murray's petition for writ of habeas corpus was denied.
In July 2005, the Twin Mills wildfire was ignited by lightning and burned Grasshopper Junction, which received air drops of flame retardant. In a 2006 United States Geological Survey survey of the depth to water and water-level altitude in Arizona, the younger alluvium surficial deposits atop Grasshopper Junction were viewed as ranging from unconsolidated to strongly consolidated alluvial deposits. Residing in the Detrital basin, the ground water in Grasshopper Junction is contained in a basin-fill aquifer and other water-bearing sediments at a depth of approximately below the land surface. Additionally, the underground water level resides approximately at an altitude of 3700 feet (1130 m) above mean sea level and is moving directly South.

</doc>
<doc id="20810491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810491" title="Jerry Rush">
Jerry Rush

Gerald Mitchell Rush (born August 7, 1942 in Pontiac, Michigan) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the second round of the 1965 NFL Draft. He played college football at Michigan State.

</doc>
<doc id="20810493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810493" title="Jonathan Smith (rugby league)">
Jonathan Smith (rugby league)

Jonathan Smith (born 28 February 1979) is a former New Zealand rugby league player. His position of preference was in the Second Row.
Playing career.
A junior from the Mangere East Hawks, Smith was a Junior Kiwi in 1998. He was then signed by the Auckland Warriors in 2000. While at the Warriors he played in the Queensland Cup for Wynnum Manly Seagulls and Brisbane Souths due to a feeder agreement between the clubs and also played for the Otahuhu Leopards in the Bartercard Cup. He went on to make seven first grade appearances for the club between 2000 and 2001. Confusingly there was also a Jonathon Smith at the club at the same time, although he did not make any first grade appearances. He came off contract at the end of the 2001 season and was not offered a new deal.
He played for Otahuhu in the 2002 Bartercard Cup.
Representative career.
Smith toured the Cook Islands in 1998 with the New Zealand Māori.

</doc>
<doc id="20810497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810497" title="Zhangjiashan Han bamboo texts">
Zhangjiashan Han bamboo texts

The Zhangjiashan Han bamboo texts are ancient Han Dynasty Chinese written works dated 196–186 BCE. They were discovered in 1983 by archaeologists excavating tomb no. 247 at Mount Zhangjia (張家山) of Jiangling County, Hubei Province (near modern Jingzhou). The tomb was built for an early Western Han era official who had died in 186 BCE. The texts were written on traditional bamboo slips connected by cords into rolled scrolls. The written works included legal case precedents, literature on medicine, mathematics, military strategy, and a calendar with dates ranging from 202 BCE to 186 BCE.
The mathematical work found within the tomb, the "Book on Numbers and Computation", rapidly advanced the state of the field of ancient Chinese mathematics studies, clarifying the obscure passages of "the Nine Chapters on the Mathematical Art". Although its date roughly corresponds with the tomb occupant's death, one of the legal cases discussed in the work on law was dated 246 BCE, with some even older legal precedents of the State of Qin mixed in, according to Mark Csikszentmihalyi. The most recent legal case in that work was dated 196 BCE.

</doc>
<doc id="20810500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810500" title="Melissa Bowerman">
Melissa Bowerman

Melissa Bowerman (April 3, 1942 – October 31, 2011) was a leading researcher in the area of language acquisition. She was a Senior Research Fellow at the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics. 
Within the field of language acquisition, she specialized in the relationships between language and cognition, language and spatial representation, and language and event representation. Recurrent themes in her work included the relationship between conceptual development and language development, the use of cross-linguistic comparisons to disentangle what is universal and possibly innate from what is learned, the nature of children's early linguistic rules, and the potential of information about language acquisition to help decide among alternative theoretical approaches to language structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20810506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810506" title="Bloomfield, Prince Edward Island">
Bloomfield, Prince Edward Island

Bloomfield is an unincorporated community in Prince County, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Bloomfield Provincial Park is located here.
Bloomfield is the birthplace of Mary Josephine Ray.

</doc>
<doc id="20810508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810508" title="Church of the Primacy of St. Peter">
Church of the Primacy of St. Peter

The Church of the Primacy of St. Peter is a Franciscan church located in Tabgha, Israel, on the northwest shore of the Sea of Galilee. It commemorates Jesus' reinstatement of Peter as chief among the Apostles.
History.
The modern structure was built in 1933 and incorporates parts of an earlier 4th century church. At the base of its walls, opposite the main altar, foundations of the 4th century church are visible. In the 9th century, the church was referred to as the "Place of the Coals". This name refers to the incident of Jesus' preparation of meal for the apostles, building a charcoal fire on which to cook the fish. Also first mentioned in the year 808 are the "Twelve Thrones", a series of heart shaped stones, which were placed along the shore to commemorate the Twelve Apostles. The church survived longer than any other in the area, finally being destroyed in 1263. The present Franciscan chapel was built on the site in 1933. This church was included in the itinerary of Pope Paul VI during his 1964 visit to Israel according to Fodors' Tour Guide for Israel.
Mensa Christi.
The church contains a projection of limestone rock in front of the present altar which is venerated as a ""Mensa Christi"", Latin for "table of Christ". According to tradition this is the spot where Jesus is said to have laid out a breakfast of bread and fish for the Apostles, and told Peter to ""Feed my sheep"" after the miraculous catch, the third time he appeared to them after his resurrection. () It is disputed whether this table, or the one enshrined at the nearby Church of the Multiplication, is the one mentioned by the pilgrim Egeria in her narrative of the Holy Land "circa" 380. There is also another "table of Christ" enshrined at the Mensa Christi Church in Nazareth.

</doc>
<doc id="20810566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810566" title="Odile (given name)">
Odile (given name)

Odile is a feminine given name of French origin. The name refers to:
Other

</doc>
<doc id="20810600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810600" title="Scaphander">
Scaphander

Scaphander is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Scaphandridae, the canoe bubbles.
Species.
Species within the genus "Scaphander" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20810649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810649" title="One Summer Dream">
One Summer Dream

"One Summer Dream" is a song written and performed by the rock group Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) which made its first appearance on the band's fifth album, "Face the Music", as the last track off the album. It also appeared on the box sets, "Afterglow" and "Flashback".
It was released as the b-side of the hit single "Mr. Blue Sky" in 1978. The album version includes an orchestra intro but part of it was cut for the single. "One Summer Dream" (on different singles with "Mr. Blue Sky") has a fading difference for unknown reasons. Backing vocals by Ellie Greenwich.
""The seven ELO members outdo themselves, however, on One Summer Dream, a beautiful and evocative tune sung touchingly by Lynne. A trifle sentimental perhaps, but lyrically and musically, it displays more emotion (not to mention pure ability) than one ordinarily hears from a rock group.""
Charley Walters (January 1, 1976 Rolling Stone issue 203)

</doc>
<doc id="20810772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810772" title="La Mandrágora">
La Mandrágora

"For other uses see Mandragora (disambiguation)."
La Mandrágora (Spanish for "The Mandrake") was a Chilean Surrealist group "officially founded" on 12 July 1938 by Braulio Arenas (1913-1988), Teófilo Cid and Enrique Gómez Correa. The group had met in Talca and first started exchanging in 1932. They published an eponymous review (of which 7 issues were edited at a small scale, the last issue being edited in October 1943 ) and an anthology of poetry, "El A, G, C de la Mandrágora", which included works by all founders except Teófilo Cid. Politically, the group supported the Popular Front.
Vicente Huidobro (1893-1948), who had formed the Creationist literary movement, had been one of the main intermediaries of Surrealist thought in Chile, through his yearly travels to Paris.
The poet Gonzalo Rojas (1917-2011) was also for a short time member of the group, although he harshly disavowed it years laters. Rojas had introduced the young Jorge Cáceres to Braulio Arenas in 1938. Others collaborators to the movement included Cáceres, Fernando Onfray, Gustavo Osorio, Huidobro, Pablo de Rokha, the Venezuelan Juan Sánchez Peláez, as well as the painters Eugenio Vidaurrázaga and Mario Urzúa, the musicians Renato Jara, Alejandro Gaete and Mario Medina, and the artist Ludwig Zeller, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20810775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810775" title="The Steerage">
The Steerage

The Steerage is a photograph taken by Alfred Stieglitz in 1907. It has been hailed as one of the greatest photographs of all time because it captures in a single image both a formative document of its time and one of the first works of artistic modernism.
Description.
The scene depicts a variety of men and women traveling in the lower-class section of a steamer going from New York to Bremen, Germany. Many years after taking the photograph Stieglitz described what he saw when he took it:
Although Stieglitz described "an inclining funnel" in the scene photographs and models of the ship (see below) show that this object was actually a large mast to which booms were fastened for loading and unloading cargo. One of the booms is shown at the very top of the picture.
Much has been written about scene as a cultural document of an important period when many immigrants were coming to America. In fact, the picture was taken on a cruise "to" Europe from America, and for that reason some critics have interpreted it as recording people who were turned away by U.S. Immigration officials and were forced to go back home. Although some of the passengers might have been turned back because of failure to meet financial or health requirements for entrance, it is more likely that most of them were various artisans who worked in the booming construction trade of the time. Workers who were highly skilled in crafts such as cabinet-making, woodworking and marble laying were granted two-year temporary visas to complete their jobs and then returned to their homelands when the work was complete. 
Taking the photograph.
In June 1907 Stieglitz and his family sailed to Europe to visit relatives and friends. They booked passage on the "SS Kaiser Wilhelm II", one of the largest and fastest ships in the world at that time. Stieglitz's wife Emmy insisted on first class accommodations, and the family had a fine stateroom on the upper decks. According to Stieglitz, sometime after their third day of travel he went for a walk around the ship and came upon a viewpoint that looked down toward the lower class passengers area, known on most ships as the steerage. Photography historian Beaumont Newhall wrote that it is likely the photo was taken while the ship was anchored at Plymouth, England, because the angle of the shadows indicates it was facing west, not east as it would have been while crossing the ocean. In addition there does not seem to be any sign of wind in the scene, which would have been ever present while the ship was moving. 
The scene Stieglitz saw is described above. He did not have his camera with him, and he raced back to his cabin to get it. At that time he was using a hand-held 4×5 Auto-Graflex that used glass plate negatives. Stieglitz found he had only one glass plate prepared at the time, and he quickly returned to the viewpoint and captured the one and only picture of the scene.
He was not able to develop the plate until he arrived in Paris nearly a week later. He reported we went to the Eastman Kodak Company in Paris to use their darkroom but was referred to a local photographer instead. He went to the photographer's home and developed the plate there. The name of the photographer who lent his facility is unknown. Stieglitz kept the developed image in its original plate holder to protect it until he returned to New York several weeks later.
Stieglitz later said he immediately recognized this image as "another milestone in photography…a step in my own evolution, a spontaneous discovery", but this claim is challenged by several of his biographers who have pointed out that although he had many opportunities to do so he didn't publish it until 1911 and didn't exhibit it until 1913. In addition, biographer Richard Whelan states, "If he really had known that he had just produced a masterpiece, he probably would not have been so depressed during his European vacation that summer he indicated in several letters to friends".
Whelan theorizes that when Stieglitz first looked at the negative he did not see the stylistic qualities he was then championing, and he set the negative aside while dealing with more pressing issues. In the period directly before and after taking "The Steerage" Stieglitz was still producing photos that were primarily pictorialist in style, and it would be several more years before he began to break with this tradition. "The Steerage" represents a "fundamental shift in Stieglitz's thinking", and, critics have said that while his mind had visualized the image when he took it he was not able to articulate his reasons for taking it until later. Also, painter Max Weber claims to have discovered the image while looking through Stieglitz's photos in 1910, and he took credit for first pointing out the aesthetic importance of the image. Whether that is true or not, it was only after Stieglitz began to seriously consider the works of modern American artists like John Marin, Arthur Dove and Weber that he finally published the image. Like the works of those artists,"The Steerage" is "divided, fragmented and flattened into an abstract, nearly cubistic design" and it has been cited as one of the first proto-Cubist works of art.
One other distraction could have been a reason why Stieglitz did not immediately publish "The Steerage". While he was still in Paris on the same trip he saw for the first time and experimented with the new Autochrome Lumière process, the first commercially viable means of capturing images in color. For the next two years he was captivated by color photography, and he did not return to "The Steerage" and other black-and-white photos until he learned to photograph using this new process.
First appearances.
Stieglitz first published "The Steerage" in the October 1911 issue of "Camera Work", which he had devoted to his own photography. It appeared the following year on the cover of the magazine section of the "Saturday Evening Mail" (20 April 1912), a New York weekly magazine. 
It was first exhibited in a show of Stieglitz's photographs at "291" in 1913. 
In 1915 Stieglitz devoted the entire No 7-8 issue of "291" to "The Steerage". The only text in the issue were comments on the photo by Paul Haviland and Marius de Zayas.
Design and aesthetics.
There have been dozens of critical interpretations of "The Steerage" since it was first published. Here are some of the most prominent ones:
Versions.
According to the "Key Set" published by the National Gallery of Art there are five known versions of "The Steerage":
Several copies are known to exist of each version. Most are in major museums. Other prints with slightly different measurements are likely to be one of the five versions listed above. Image sizes may vary slightly from one copy to another due to paper shrinkage.
Reproductions.
In 2002 the U.S. Postal Service included a reproduction of "The Steerage" on a stamp as part of the Masters of American Photography set.

</doc>
<doc id="20810777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810777" title="Dyana Williams">
Dyana Williams

Dyana Williams, a native New Yorker, is a radio and music industry professional, as well as the co-founder of the Pennsylvania based, non-profit advocacy organization, the International Association of African American Music Foundation (IAAAM Foundation).
Williams started her professional broadcasting career when she was hired in 1973 by radio boss, Bob "Nighthawk" Terry to join the staff of 96.3 WHUR-FM in Washington D.C.. Her radio handle was Ebony Moonbeams. Two years later, legendary radio icon, Frankie Crocker hired Williams at Inner City Broadcasting's 107.5 WBLS-FM in her hometown, New York City. In 1978, she became the first African American/Latina woman rock DJ at the ABC FM affiliate, WRQX-FM. Williams made a move to television when she became an arts and culture contributing reporter for P.M. Magazine on the CBS affiliate, WDVM. After moving to Philadelphia in 1980, Williams established a show called "Love on the Menu" for 105.3 WDAS. Williams also did freelance entertainment reporting for Black Entertainment Television, and served as a music consultant for The Soul of VH1 where she interviewed prominent recording artists. Closely associated with "The Sound of Philadelphia" (TSOP) and Philadelphia's jazz and soul artists, she produced and narrated The Philadelphia Music Makers in 1990. It aired on the Philadelphia PBS outlet, WHYY. As a writer, Williams has contributed to The Philadelphia Tribune, Billboard Magazine and The Philadelphia New Observer. Williams currently hosts a weekly broadcast, Soulful Sunday on Radio One's 100.3 WRNB from 10am to 3pm.
In 1990, Williams and Sheila Eldridge launched the Association of African American Music Foundation (IAAAM Foundation) to promote and preserve Black music. Williams co-wrote House Concurrent Bill 509, which recognized African American accomplishments in music and helped establish "Black Music Month". In 1997, Williams earned her B.A. degree in television, radio and film from Temple University, graduating cum laude.
Williams frequently lectures about African-American music and popular culture to universities, colleges, and music conferences throughout the United States and around the world. Williams has been interviewed by CNN's Anderson Cooper, Tavis Smiley, and Tom Joyner among others. The recipient of numerous awards and recognition, Williams has received citations from: the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania's House of Representative: State Senator David P. Richardson, December 9, 1987, a proclamation from Congressman Chaka Fattah, February 11, 2000, a Liberty Bell from Mayor John F. Street, March 18, 2000, City Council City of Philadelphia Citation from Councilman-At-Large, W.Wilson Goode, Jr., November 8, 2003, City of Philadelphia Citation from Mayor John F. Street, May 28, 2003 and was honored with Dyana Williams Day in the City of Philadelphia by Councilwoman Donna Reed Miller and all members of the City Council, November 6, 2008. The Southeastern Pennsylvania March of Dimes presented Williams with the 2006 Achievement in Radio A.I.R Award for the Best Weekend Show in Philadelphia, November 1, 2006. In 2011, News One listed Williams as #7 on the "Top 20 Black Radio Jockeys of All Time"* and RadioFacts.com recognized her as #8 on the "Top 30 Black Women in Media."* 
She is also the CEO of Influence Entertainment, a media consulting and artist development firm where she coaches high profile celebrities in the sports and entertainment arenas.
Williams is mother to Caliph Gamble, Isa Salahdeen Gamble and Princess Idia Gamble, from her former union with Grammy award winning songwriter/producer and Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee, Kenny Gamble.

</doc>
<doc id="20810787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810787" title="Scaphander otagoensis">
Scaphander otagoensis

Scaphander otagoensis is a species of sea snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Scaphandridae, the canoe bubbles.

</doc>
<doc id="20810796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810796" title="Lina Leandersson">
Lina Leandersson

Lina Leandersson (born 27 September 1995) is a Swedish actress. She played the lead role of Eli in the 2008 Swedish romantic vampire film "Let the Right One In", based on the novel by the same name. Born in Falun, Leandersson started performing at an early age. She acted in local amateur theatre performances, and had a few brief television appearances in 2006. At the age of eleven, Leandersson was cast to play one of the two leads in Tomas Alfredson's film, "Let the Right One In", after applying for the role through a web-based casting service. The film was an international success, and Leandersson's performance as the vampire Eli brought her widespread critical acclaim as well as several awards and nominations. She has stated that she wants to continue acting.
Early life and career.
Lina Leandersson was born in Falun, Sweden. She took an interest in performing from an early age, acting in amateur theatre performances, attending drama courses, and performing street- and jazz dance. One of her first roles was in amateur theatre performance, playing the mother of a spoiled girl wanting new jeans. In 2006 she appeared as a jury member in the Swedish song competition "Lilla Melodifestivalen". The same year, she was selected as one out of five, from a total of five hundred applicants, to participate in ""Nickelodeon's programledarskola"", which was televised in October 2006.
"Let the Right One In".
Leandersson applied for the role in "Let the Right One In" through a web-based casting service. After being contacted by child casting director Maggie Widstrand, she auditioned for the role three times before finally being cast. She was unaware that the role she was auditioning for was that of a vampire. "I was shocked", she later told "Expressen"; "I thought it was a more usual role." But as soon as she grew accustomed to the idea, "it became even more fun. I wanted to be a vampire when I was little", she said.
In the film, she plays Eli, a child vampire who develops a friendship with the main character, 12-year-old Oskar (played by Kåre Hedebrant). Oskar is frequently tormented by bullies. Eli initially tells Oskar to fight back, and rescues him in the end, killing three of the bullies in process. Because Eli is supposed to be an androgynous character in the film, director Tomas Alfredson decided to overdub Leandersson's voice with a less feminine one. "Lina's voice is beautiful, but I thought it was too high in pitch", he said. Eli's voice throughout the whole film was provided by Elif Ceylan. In an interview with "Dagens Nyheter", Leandersson laughingly commented that "it was actually nice to be dubbed, my voice sounds weird".
Leandersson and Hedebrant were never allowed to read the script. Instead, the director would read their lines aloud to them before every scene. According to Leandersson, "Tomas is a good teller. I listened very carefully." She identified the most difficult parts as the ones where she was supposed to be angry, and the transitioning between being normal and "crazy". In an interview, Leandersson recalled how she went totally into her role, to the point of "becoming" the character Eli, but affirmed that there are few similarities between herself and her character, describing Eli as more mature and contemplative. While she found it uncomfortable to film outdoor scenes in temperatures down to −30°C, she described her experience as "the most fun has ever had."
When asked about the biggest challenge in making the film, Alfredson mentioned the fact that people already would have a perception of the characters and the surroundings from the novel. He especially felt that the depiction of Eli was difficult, but stated that he was "very happy about Lina". On another occasion, he again commented positively on Leandersson's appearance, stating that "e hardly used makeup or anything in post-production to make her like this, she is simply damn good. She's also a very special girl, which I think shows in the film." He has frequently commended Leandersson for her intelligence, often comparing her to "an 80-year-old woman, very wise and very quiet."
Reception.
"Let the Right One In" was an international success. Critics lauded the performances of the young leads, often highlighting Leandersson for particular acclaim. According to Karen Durbin of "Elle", she "evokes Eli's radical apartness with an air of watchful caution and a contained stillness of body that not only belies her childish appearance (...)", and "In a performance devoid of sentimentality she perfectly captures the awful solitude of a creature who exists outside time". James Berardinelli also praised Leandersson for "crafting an individual who is both mysterious and compelling", while Justin Lowe of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote: "The youthful actors imbue even the most emotional and disturbing scenes with remarkable complexity. Leandersson is particularly impressive as the conflicted young vampire who wants nothing more than to be an ordinary girl again". Luke Y. Thompson of "LA Weekly" compared her performance favorably to that of Kirsten Dunst as the child vampire Claudia in "". He concluded that, while Dunst "used to be the gold standard; in Leandersson, I think we have a new champion." "The Oregonian" called Leandersson's performance "incredible", and expressed doubt that any actress in the American remake could top it. While Swedish reviewers generally made positive comments about the two leads, Emma Engström of "Göteborgs-Posten" felt that Leandersson's character was lacking in depth.
Leandersson received several awards and award nominations for her performance in the film.
Future projects.
In 2012, Lina filmed for Estonian director Kadri Kousaar's "The Arbiter" and Swedish director Sofia Norlin's feature debut "Tenderness".
Personal life.
Leandersson lives in Falun with her mother, stepfather, and two younger sisters. She is of Swedish and Iranian descent. Leandersson has always liked to dance and play theatre. Though there are several athletes in her family, she is not particularly fond of sports. "I was on a football team when I was in third grade. But I was so bad that I wasn't allowed to play in a match", she recalled. She has stated on several occasions that she wants to continue acting, and has indicated that she would like to try different types of roles to challenge herself. Leandersson was a student at Gruvrisskolan. In an interview, she identified history as her favorite subject, because she finds it "interesting to know how people lived and died in the past". She does not see school as a hindrance to continue acting, saying that she "will just have to work harder than everyone else. But school isn't that difficult, it's quite easy." She is a fan of the "Twilight" film series She is studying theatre at Kulturama, a school for performing arts in Stockholm, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20810797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810797" title="Bogotá F.C.">
Bogotá F.C.

Bogotá F.C. is a professional Colombian football team based in Bogotá, Colombia, that currently plays in the Categoría Primera B. They play their home games at the Metropolitano de Techo stadium.
History.
This is one of the teams that has a duality in its history, having been born with the current name in 2004 when it debuted in the Colombian second division, but comes from a long history of the institution called "Club El Condor" which germinated in 1991 and had three splits: in 2000 was called "The Condor", in 2002 "Condor Real Bogota" and a few years later "Condor Deportivo Sur-Bogotá".
Until now the best season of Bogota FC was achieved in the first half of 2007 in the Copa Premier, after qualifying for the first time in a semifinal, with a near-perfect season with a roster mixed between experienced players and young talents like Javier Cuero.
In 2005, the team management was assumed by the company "GoGo" who provided capital to the team. During the 2010 season, played in one tournament, Bogotá accomplished a great campaign, ranking sixth in the quadrangular semifinals. After the first round lead with seven points, was eliminated after losing 2-3 at home against Deportivo Pasto and tie in the same condition 1-1 Patriotas F.C..
In March 2012 was announced that due to lack of support in Bogotá, the club may be leaving to the city of Montería in the department of Córdoba for the 2013 season. This request was granted on March 27 by the DIMAYOR. But negotiations failed and Bogotá FC decided to remain in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20810833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810833" title="Louisville White Sox">
Louisville White Sox

The Louisville White Sox were a baseball team in the Negro National League in 1931, based in Louisville, Kentucky. 
They competed as an independent team in 1930. In 1931, they finished with a 19–23 record in league play. Sammy T. Hughes and Felton Snow played for the White Sox in 1931. 
After the 1931 season, they were replaced by the Louisville Black Caps.

</doc>
<doc id="20810868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810868" title="Latvian Military Police">
Latvian Military Police

Latvian Military Police ( (MP)) provide military discipline and legal order. They were established in 1997. After merging with the Latvian Security Service in 2009, the Military Police is also responsible for security of the Parliament and the President of Latvia [http://www.mil.lv/Vienibas/Militara_policija/Par_mums/Vesture.aspx].
Mission.
The Military Police carries out military discipline and ensuring lawful provision functions with the right to perform investigations and operational activities, and prepares Military Police units for their deployment to international missions. It safeguards military and strategically important sites, provides escort and security of military transport columns, military cargoes, as well as of state and foreign officials. The Military Police provides for the exchange of classified materials between the state institutions of Latvia, institutions of NATO member states and other competent foreign institutions.
The main mission of the Military Police is to:
Cooperation.
One of their priorities is to establish an MP unit for participation in NATO-led international operations. MP soldiers have participated in the peacekeeping mission in Kosovo since 1999. In addition, the first MP unit was deployed in Iraq in 2003. MP soldiers are always well-prepared for their work on these missions, thus their input is always highly appreciated.

</doc>
<doc id="20810893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810893" title="Thingamakit">
Thingamakit

The Thingamakit is an analog sound synthesizer kit produced by Bleep Labs. It can be purchased with an optional stompbox-style enclosure (commonly used for guitar effects, but just about any small enclosure can be used to contain the electronics. The Thingamakit is based on voltage controlled oscillators that are commonly used in the production of electronic music. However, this synth is unique in its application of LED outputs and photocell inputs. The LEDs are adjusted to blink at various rates, and they are positioned above the photocells to affect the sound. 
Two LEDs are positioned at the end of flexible extensions known as "LEDacles". The layout of switches, knobs and photocells, combined with the tentacle-like LEDacles, give the appearance of a face. Many users decorate their Thingamakits to look like robots, animals, etc.
The Thingamakit is designed in such a way that it can easily be modified and/or circuit bent to produce a wide variety of experimental sounds. Clear instructions, simple design and low cost make it a good choice for electronic musicians who want to experiment with DIY instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="20810918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810918" title="Gerrit Schimmelpenninck">
Gerrit Schimmelpenninck

Gerrit, Count Schimmelpenninck (25 February 1794, in Amsterdam – 4 October 1863, in Arnhem) was a Dutch businessman and statesman, whose views ranged from liberal to conservative. He was the son of Grand Pensionary Rutger Jan Schimmelpenninck and a member of the Dutch Reformed Church.
After other functions, among which chief of the Nederlandsche Handelmaatschappij, he became head of secretary in Saint-Petersburg and later in London.
The primary reason of William II to get him to the Netherlands was to keep Thorbecke out of the Council of Ministers. In March 1848 he became Chairman of the Council of Ministers, holding the ministerial offices of Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Finance. His proposal to design a Constitution following British model, which would imply that the Senate could not be dissolved by the King, was rejected by the other ministers. He tendered his resignation on 14 May 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="20810931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810931" title="Daniel Gottlob Türk">
Daniel Gottlob Türk

Daniel Gottlob Türk (10 August 1750 – 26 August 1813) was a notable composer, organist, and music professor of the Classical Period.
Born in Claußnitz, Saxony, Türk studied organ under his father and later under Johann Adam Hiller. It was Hiller who recommended Türk for his first professional position at Halle University, in Halle, Germany. On April 18, 1779, Halle University granted Türk's request to begin lecturing on music theory, making him the University's "Director of Music." This appointment made Türk the second university music director in Germany. While at Halle, Türk published his treatise "On the Role of the Organist in Worship" which is still occasionally reprinted.
Several of Türk's dances and minuets for the piano are still popular today. He wrote 18 sonatas. His most notable contribution to the classical music canon is the "Klavierschule," a teaching guide for the keyboard.
In 1783 he married Johanna Dorothea Raisin Schimmelpfennig, by whom he had two children. He was a member of the Halle Masonic Lodge, "One of the three swords," along with Carle Loewe. In 1813 Türk fell ill and died from a severe liver disease.
Teaching.
Türk was first taught how to play by his father, and later studied with Gottfried August Homilius in Dresden, who was a pupil of Johannes Sebastian Bach. Türk was a gifted teacher in his own right, with students such as Hermann Uber, Karl Traugott Zeuner, Johann Friedrich Naue, and Carl Loewe. 

</doc>
<doc id="20810957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810957" title="Cleveland Browns (baseball)">
Cleveland Browns (baseball)

Their manager that year was Baseball Hall of Fame member Sol White.

</doc>
<doc id="20810963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810963" title="Marion Lake (Oregon)">
Marion Lake (Oregon)

Marion Lake is an alpine lake located in Linn County of the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake is in central Oregon's Cascades within the Mount Jefferson Wilderness. The lake is approximately , at an elevation of .
Marion Lake was named by John Minto's Marion County road-viewing party in 1874.
It is the headwaters of Marion Creek, a tributary of the North Santiam River.
The rough-skinned newt ("Taricha granulosa") is found at Marion Lake during the amphibian's breeding season.

</doc>
<doc id="20810966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810966" title="Córdoba F.C.">
Córdoba F.C.

Córdoba F.C. was a Colombian football (soccer) team, based in Montería, Córdoba, Colombia. The club was founded in 2006 and played in Categoría Primera B. Due to financial difficulties, the club was relocated and the end of the 2008 season to the city of Sincelejo and rebranded as Atlético La Sabana.

</doc>
<doc id="20810970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810970" title="Sisters on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown">
Sisters on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown

"Sisters of the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" is the 12th episode in the third season, the 53rd episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which was supposed to air on January 15, 2009 but was rescheduled and aired on January 22, 2009. The episode was written by Henry Alonso Myers and directed by Lee Shallat-Chemel.
Plot.
In the wake of Ignacio's recent heart attack, in which he is now recuperating from home after having quadruple-bypass surgery, Betty, Hilda and Justin end up trying to cater to his every whim. Hilda and Betty agree to work out a deal to help out with Ignacio's medical appointments.
Afterward, Betty returns to her apartment, where she discovers Amanda is worried about her, but at the same time discovers that her place needs work. Not only that, at work her desk is filled with assignments and letters. As she starts trying to make up for two weeks of lost work, Daniel and Claire asked her about how her dad was doing, with Claire recommending a doctor to Betty that Ignacio can see at a hospital so he can if is in perfect condition. Betty takes the offer and agrees to stay with him for the next four hours and assures Hilda that she is on top of things.
Meanwhile, Daniel, Molly, Connor and Wilhelmina try to conceal their escalating love connections, with Daniel and Molly spending the time in St. Barth's while Wilhelmina and Connor spending the time in the Swiss Alps. The relationship between the latter has begun to take its toll on Marc, who finds himself in the middle of their secret affair, especially when he was stuck entertaining a client. This puts Marc in an awkward situation as he ends up taking over the job to cover for Wilhelmina while she and Conner had their tryst, leading to Wilhelmina dismissing Marc from the meeting after she berates him for doing her job. However hours later she has a change of heart as Marc expresses his true feelings about doing her work that she neglected, as the following day she trusts Marc on entertaining another client while she goes off to have lunch with a potential prospect. 
At the same time, Betty gets a call from Daniel after he learns that one of the letters featuring Daniel and Molly were sent to Suzuki St. Pierre and when Daniel learns of this, Betty skips out of the hospital to stop him from using it on "Fashion Buzz". After getting the info from an "ex-boyfriend" of Suzuki's who works at "Mode", Daniel and Betty head to New Jersey, where they discover the truth about Suzuki: his real name is Byron Wu, and he is a straight guy who is married with two sons. Afterward, Byron agrees not to use the photos as they promise to keep his secret. However, the photo featuring Molly holding hands with Daniel did end up in the newspaper with Daniel cut out; Connor later spots it, giving him suspicion to find out whose hand she is holding.
Back at the hospital, Betty learns that Ignacio is missing and ends up telling Hilda what happened. As the two return to the hospital, they learn that their father's test results came back negative, but outside the hospital the two started arguing over who should be responsible for looking out for Ignacio. Later that evening at home, Ignacio has to settle the situation by hiring a nurse thanks to his Medicaid coverage, thus upsetting the two. Later that evening, after seeing Amanda looking over the bills, Betty decides that it was time to move out of the apartment so she can return to help out the family.
Casting.
Ashley Jensen (who plays Christina) was absent from this episode.
Ratings.
The episode placed third with a 5.1/8 overall, a 2.4/7 among 18-49s and 7.5 million viewers tuning in, due to increased competition from Fox's first place showing of "Bones", which moved to its new night with a 6.1/10 and a second place (5.6/9) showing for a "NCIS" rerun on CBS in the same timeslot, even though it was good enough to help ABC win a competitive Thursday night lineup.

</doc>
<doc id="20810981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810981" title="Prayers at United States presidential inaugurations">
Prayers at United States presidential inaugurations

Since 1937, the United States presidential inauguration has included one or more prayers given by members of the clergy. Since 1933 an associated prayer service either public or private attended by the President-elect has often taken place on the morning of the day. At times a major public or broadcast prayer service takes place after the main ceremony most recently on the next day.
List of clergy at main ceremony.
January 20, 1937 inaugural of Franklin D. Roosevelt
January 20, 1941 inaugural of Franklin D. Roosevelt
January 20, 1945 inaugural of Franklin D. Roosevelt
January 20, 1949 inaugural of Harry S. Truman
January 20, 1953 inaugural of Dwight D. Eisenhower
January 21, 1957 inaugural of Dwight D. Eisenhower
January 20, 1961 inaugural of John F. Kennedy
January 20, 1965 inaugural of Lyndon B. Johnson
January 20, 1969 inaugural of Richard Nixon
January 20, 1973 inaugural of Richard M. Nixon
January 20, 1977 inaugural of Jimmy Carter
January 20, 1981 inaugural of Ronald Reagan
January 21, 1985 inaugural of Ronald Reagan
January 20, 1989 inaugural of George H. W. Bush
January 20, 1993 inaugural of Bill Clinton
January 20, 1997 inaugural of Bill Clinton
January 20, 2001 inaugural of George W. Bush
January 20, 2005 inaugural of George W. Bush
January 20, 2009 inaugural of Barack Obama
January 21, 2013 inaugural of Barack Obama
Associated morning prayer service.
Presidents since 1933 have often worshipped privately before the actual ceremony.
Public prayer service.
In 1789 George Washington along with Congress attended a service at St. Paul's Chapel in New York City after his swearing in. The ceremony was presided over by Bishop Samuel Provoost. No similar service is known until 1933.
Sunday, March 5, 1933 "National Inaugural Prayer Service" at Washington National Cathedral. Presided over by Episcopal Bishop James Edward Freeman of Washington. 
Thursday, January 20, 1977 James Carter had a half-hour interfaith prayer service at the Lincoln Memorial in the morning (8am) before the main ceremony; he did not attend. Speakers included
1981 Ronald Reagan had a service at National City Christian Church on Thomas Circle, Washington, D.C.
Sunday, January 20, 1985 Ronald Reagan had a public service at the Washington National Cathedral. Speakers included
Sunday, January 22, 1989 George H. W. Bush attended a Presidential Inaugural Prayer Service at the Washington National Cathedral the day after his swearing in.
Sermons were given by
Other participants included
Sunday, January 21, 2001 - George W. Bush had a prayer service at the National Cathedral.
Friday, January 21, 2005 - George W. Bush had a service at the National Cathedral the day after the inauguration. Speakers included:
Wednesday, January 21, 2009 - Barack Obama had a service at 10am in the National Cathedral. 
Scripture readings by
Responsive prayers by
Tuesday, January 22, 2013 - An interfaith National Prayer Service at 10:30 am in the National Cathedral was attended by President Obama, Vice President Biden and their spouses.

</doc>
<doc id="20810982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810982" title="River Yeo (Lapford)">
River Yeo (Lapford)

The River Yeo is a tributary of the River Taw in Devon, England, sometimes known as the Lapford Yeo from the village of Lapford. It is one of several rivers of the same name in Devon, including another tributary of the Taw, the Barnstaple Yeo. The Lapford Yeo flows within 2 miles of the headwaters of another River Yeo, which is a tributary of the River Creedy.
The Lapford Yeo rises near South Tawton. It flows north through Bow and Zeal Monachorum to Lapford. It joins the Taw 1.5 miles below Lapford,just below Nymet Bridge. Its largest tributary is the River Dalch, which joins the Yeo near Lapford. The river's catchment area is almost twice the size of the Taw's catchment area above the confluence, but has significantly lower rainfall than the upper Taw valley.
The river was earlier called the Nymet, thought to be a Celtic word meaning 'shrine'. Several Nymet place-names remain in the area, including Nymet Tracey and Nymet Rowland, and it seems that the area may have been sacred in Celtic times.

</doc>
<doc id="20810992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20810992" title="Cleveland Hornets">
Cleveland Hornets

Players included: player-manager Pete Duncan and shortstop Bill Riggins.

</doc>
<doc id="20811010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811010" title="VW 276 Schlepperfahrzeug">
VW 276 Schlepperfahrzeug

The Volkswagen Type 276 Schlepperfahrzeug ( tractor vehicle ) was a derivative of the Kübelwagen Type 82 which was modified to enable it to tow a load, gun or a trailer, that would be deployed in a unit which comprised two modified Kübelwagen, a small caliber anti-tank gun (3.7 cm Pak 36), an ammunition trailer laden with 16 cases of three rounds of A. P. shell, and seven men (drivers included). The Type 276 only saw light at the end of 1944 and never went into mass production. 
Differences.
Apart from having a standard Wehrmacht tow-hook fitted to the rear cross-body member, the Type 276 differed from the standard Type 82 on the following points: 
Suspension and tyres.
On the first model, the rear suspension was beefed-up, and the car shod with bigger tyres (BF 200C16) on 7.00C16 rims (with a smaller offset inwards: 13 mm. instead of 33 mm). These were the same tyres and rims fitted on the VW 166 'Schwimmwagen'.
Gearing.
To improve traction which proved to be grossly inadequate when towing off-road, these Type 276 were later fitted with different gears in the rear axle reduction boxes (14:29 = 1:2.07 instead of 15:21 = 1:1.4); this increased the ground clearance by 15 mm. (19/32") at the rear, brought the top speed down from 80 km/h. (50 Mph) to 54 km/h.(34 Mph) at an engine speed of 3300 rpm., and lowered the mileage to 37 mpg. on the road. 
Governor.
To prevent over-revving, especially when driving without a trailer, the engine was fitted with a governor on the generator shaft (as fitted on the Type 155 static engine). 
Drawbar pull.
With these modifications, the drawbar pull reached, on tarmac, 700 kg. (1550 Lbs.) when starting from a stand, and 500 kg. (1100 Lbs.) at a speed of 8 km/h.(5 Mph) and the Type 276 would pull a load of about 550 to 565 kg (1210 to 1250 Lbs.) at top speed. 

</doc>
<doc id="20811017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811017" title="Archibald Matthias Dunn">
Archibald Matthias Dunn

Archibald Matthias Dunn FRIBA, JP, (1832 – 17 January 1917) born in Wylam in Northumberland, was with his partner Edward Joseph Hansom, among the foremost Catholic architects in North East England during the Victorian era.
Biography.
His father was Matthias Dunn, a Mining Engineer and Manager and one of the first Government Inspectors of Mines for the North East of England. Archibald Dunn was educated at Ushaw College and Stonyhurst College. He then went to Bristol to be apprenticed to architect Charles Francis Hansom, the younger brother of Joseph Aloysius Hansom, the inventor of the Hansom cab and founder of "The Builder". It was here that Dunn met his future partner Edward Joseph Hansom, the son of his employer, Charles Francis Hansom.
Their principal works in North East England include the tower and spire of St. Mary’s Roman Catholic Cathedral in Newcastle upon Tyne, and the church of St. Michael in Elswick, Tyne and Wear. Dunn was also a prominent local landowner. Across the valley from Prudhoe is Castle Hill House (1878-9), which he designed and built as his own home in Wylam, where he had been born. Previously he had lived in Gateshead, where he was an Alderman, Mayor and a Justice of the Peace for County Durham. In 1870 was Dunn was President of the Northern Architectural Association.
In 1862 Dunn married Sara Armstrong, an author. They both enjoyed travel, and in 1886 Dunn published a book entitled ‘Notes and Sketches of an Architect', which was a collection of sketches made in France, Germany, Spain and England. 
Dunn retired between 1883 – 87, with his architectural firm later becoming Dunn, Hansom & Fenwicke. In 1901 the Dunns moved to Wood House, Branksome Park, in Bournemouth, where he died on 17th January 1917 aged 85.
Buildings designed by Dunn.
1854 Saint Mary’s RC Church, Blackhill
1858 National School, Blythe
1858 St. Andrew’s Cemetery, Hexham
1858 St. Joseph’s RC Church, Gateshead
1860 St Anthony of Padua RC Church, Walker, Newcastle
1858 Our Lady and St Wilfrid RC Church, Blythe
1869 St George’s RC Church, Bells Close, Lemington
1873 Saint Dominic’s RC Church, Newcastle
18?? St. Nicholas’ Cemetery, Newcastle.
1868 Prudhoe Hall, Prudhoe
1868 Mining Institute/Wood Memorial Hall, Newcastle
1878 Castle Hill House, Wylam.
Dunn & Hansom.
1860 Spire of Saint Mary’s Cathedral, Newcastle.
1882 Alterations to Pugin’s Chapel, Ushaw
1876 Saint Matthew’s School (mainly Hansom), South Road, Prudhoe
Dunn, Hansom & Dunn.
1885 Church of Our Lady and the English Martyrs, Cambridge 
1887 Medical School, Northumberland Road, Newcastle 
1887-1937 Durham University College of Medicine; housed the Dental School of the University of Durham 1945-78; and from 1978, housed the Law School of the University of Northumbria
1891 St Michael’s RC Church, Westmorland Rd, Newcastle
1891 Our Lady and St Cuthbert RC Church, Prudhoe
1893 St Joseph’s RC Church, Hartlepool.
References.
Johnson, Michael A., 'The architecture of Dunn & Hansom of Newcastle' (Newcastle upon Tyne: University of Northumbria, MA Dissertation, 2003)
Johnson, Michael A., 'Architects to a Diocese: Dunn and Hansom of Newcastle' in Northern Catholic History, No.49, 2008, pp3–17.
Johnson, Michael A., ‘English Gothic, Early Perpendicular Style’ in Zeilinski, P. (2007) The Church That Moved. Hebburn: Smith Bros.

</doc>
<doc id="20811021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811021" title="Frank Gould">
Frank Gould

Frank Gould may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20811029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811029" title="Monsters of Faerûn">
Monsters of Faerûn

Monstrous Compendium: Monsters of Faerûn is a supplement for the 3rd edition of "Dungeons & Dragons".
Contents.
It features about 150 pages of monsters unique to the Forgotten Realms campaign setting. It was the first 3rd edition book to feature the now-common "in the Realms" section for each monster, offering helpful and concise hints to the Dungeon Master as to how and where to incorporate the creature into the campaign setting.
Publication history.
The book was released in 2001. The book was co-authored by James Wyatt and Rob Heinsoo. Cover art is by Brom and Henry Higginbotham, with interior art by Daren Bader, Ed Beard, Theodor Black, Carl Critchlow, Brian Despain, Scott Fischer, Michael Kaluta, Todd Lockwood, David Martin, Monte Moore, Allan Pollack, Adam Rex, Wayne Reynolds, Richard Sardinha, Brian Snoddy, and Sam Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="20811032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811032" title="Israel Cleantech Ventures">
Israel Cleantech Ventures

Israel Cleantech Ventures is an Israeli specialized venture capital firm founded in 2006 by Glen Schwaber, Jack Levy, and Meir Ukeles. It was the first Israel focused clean technology venture capital fund intent on providing growth capital to Israel's energy, water and environmental technology sectors. It raised $75 million for its first fund in 2007 from investors that included Robeco and Piper Jaffray, as well as institutional investors and family offices.

</doc>
<doc id="20811034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811034" title="Mile Pop Yordanov">
Mile Pop Yordanov

Mile Pop Yordanov (Bulgarian: Миле Попйорданов Macedonian language: Миле Поп Јорданов) (1877-1901), born Milan Poyordanov, was a Bulgarian revolutionary and member of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO). He was born in Veles, the Ottoman Empire in 1877. His younger brother, Yordan Popyordanov, was one of the "Gemidzhii" that launched the Thessaloniki bombings of 1903. Mile Pop Yordanov studied in a Bulgarian Exarchate's high school in the town ot Bitola before becoming an active member of the Internal Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization. In 1901, he was ambushed and surrounded by enemy soldiers. In order not to be caught alive, he killed himself. There is a folk song about Pop Jordanov ('Bolen mi lezhi Mile Pop Yordanov'). Today it is the hymn of the city of Veles.

</doc>
<doc id="20811035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811035" title="Herbal Magic">
Herbal Magic

Herbal Magic is a Canadian weight loss and nutrition company based in Toronto, Ontario. Operating through a network of approximately 300 weight loss and nutrition centres across Canada, Herbal Magic is Canada's largest commercial weight loss company. The program includes one-on-one personal coaching, natural health products (including vitamin support) and grocery store bought food.
History.
Herbal Magic was founded in 1995 by Dieter Decker, who opened his first weight loss and nutrition centre in London, Ontario. After growing the business to 228 centres nationwide (220 in Canada, and 8 under the name Nutri Magic in Michigan), Decker sold the company in December 2003 to Trivest, a Miami, Florida based private investment firm. Trivest appointed Tom McNeely of Tim Hortons as CEO, and the number of units grew by nearly 45%, to 300 stores. In the summer of 2006, Trivest hired CIBC World Markets to launch an auction of Herbal Magic. According to one source, the company was sold earlier than normal because the investment had "already exceeded all of Trivest's expectations." In October 2006, Herbal Magic was sold to TorQuest Partners. 
Then in 2009, Cameron Capital, a Toronto based firm whose investments include Hair Club for Men and Beauty First, invested in the business. On February 18, 2009, the company announced a change in ownership with both TorQuest Partners and Cameron Capital making new investments in Herbal Magic Inc., including a personal investment from incoming Chairman Steve Hudson. The principles of Cameron Capital became managing partners of Herbal Magic, overseeing both strategic and daily operations.
Program.
The Herbal Magic program offers a combination of private one-on-one personal coaching, real food bought at your grocery store, and natural health products. It has weight loss programs designed for women, men, diabetics (type I and II), youth, women who are planning to conceive, breastfeeding mothers, and those with diagnosed heart conditions. The programs are designed to help clients lose weight at an average rate of two pounds per week. There are three key phases to the program including:
Products.
Herbal Magic’s Scientific Advisory Team researches and designs all of the products and programs. Developed by a team of pharmacological manufacturing companies, naturopathic doctors, registered dietitians, and pharmacists, Herbal Magic natural health products are designed to support weight control and promote overall health and energy. The products consist of herbs, nutraceuticals, vitamins, and minerals. As of July 2012, all 46 of Herbal Magic's Natural Health Products have received Natural Product Numbers (NPNs) which means that they are licensed for sale in Canada and have had their safety, efficacy, and quality approved by Health Canada. 
Criticism.
The February 5, 2010 episode of the investigative news program "CBC Marketplace" examined the health effects of Herbal Magic's optional supplement products. The program and its independent experts determined there was insufficient empirical evidence to convince them that the supplements facilitate weight loss. Accordingly, the documentary claimed it observed Herbal Magic salespeople using tactics that lead customers to overestimate the supplements' effectiveness. "Marketplace" also interpreted Herbal Magic's practice of only telling customers the cost of the program after a free consultation as disingenuous.
It is important to note, however, that the testimonials provided by former employees and clients did indicate that the strict dietary plans were not always followed.
Advertising.
In September 2008, Herbal Magic began its first national advertising campaign. The initiative, aimed primarily at women, consisted of television, print and online advertising. The advertisements encouraged women to rediscover a sense of self. The most recent campaign, launched in February 2010, focuses on real clients who have lost weight, and kept it off, including Susan Crenshaw. Crenshaw was the former TV host of HGTV's "This Small Space". Spokespersons for the program have included former Deputy Prime Minister Sheila Copps, former Toronto Maple Leafs General Manager Gord Stellick and Canadian figure skater Elizabeth Manley who, since 2009, has waged a highly publicized battle with her weight. The Herbal Magic program brought Manley within 5 lbs of her Calgary ’88 Olympic weight when she won the silver medal.
2010 Weight Loss Cup.
From July to October 2010 Herbal Magic and the Canadian Football League co-sponsored a highly publicized Weight Loss Cup. Eight Canadian Football League alumni engaged in an amiable 20-week competition to lose weight and adopt a healthier lifestyle, using the Herbal Magic program. They included Gerry Dattilio of the Calgary Stampeders, Ralph Scholz of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Chris Walby of the Blue Bombers, Gerald Roper of the B.C. Lions, Eric Upton of the Edmonton Eskimos, Andre Greene of the Saskatchewan Roughriders, Doug Smith of the Montreal Alouettes, and Paul Markle of the Toronto Argonauts. Gerry Dattilio achieved the most points and was crowned the Weight Loss Cup Champion. Fans could vote online for their favourite player. Besides weekly prizes for voting, voters could win a grand prize of a trip for two to the Grey Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20811061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811061" title="Girardot F.C.">
Girardot F.C.

Giradot F.C. was a Colombian football (soccer) team, based in Girardot, Colombia. The club was founded in 1995 and played in Categoría Primera B. Due to financial difficulties, the team was relocated at the end of the 2008 season to the city of Palmira and rebranded as Deportes Palmira. The club is expected to return to Girardot in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20811062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811062" title="Bojuka">
Bojuka

Bojuka is a self defense system. Training emphasizes simple techniques using common gross motor skills that are maintained under stressful conditions. Bojuka teaches threat elimination through awareness, avoidance, and the reasonable use of force. The Bojuka Self Defense System includes blocks, body movement, grappling, joint manipulation and strikes to vital points of the body and central nervous system. The core techniques are designed to be committed to muscle memory and function in a variety of different assault scenarios.
History.
The foundation of the Bojuka system is based on martial arts and self-defense training. The system itself is the product of years of research, tactical analysis, field testing. The tactics and techniques are based on common denominators witnessed by Tom Schrenk through real life assaults apprehending violent convicted criminals.
Tom Schrenk.
Bojuka was founded in 1990 by Tom Schrenk, who, according to his website, has spent over 25 years researching and studying various martial arts techniques. The name is an amalgamation of three specific martial arts, boxing, jujitsu and karate. Also on his site, Schrenk is described as having trained law enforcement and military personnel. his website also holds contact information for 'seminars anywhere in the world' where people can call and schedule lessons.
Schrenk established Bojuka in Ohio in 1990, before opening a studio in Lemoyne, Pennsylvania in 2006. Teaching the art of self defense - newspaper article: The Sentinel - Cumberland County, PA Thomas J. Schrenk: Ten to 23 months and $97,373.63 restitution for theft by failure to make required disposition of funds received (Ebert)
Training.
Bojuka is not a sport. Bojuka is designed for self-defense against violent street assaults. The focus of the system is on surviving the situation through the use of reasonable force based on threat assessment. Bojuka uses proven reality based self-defense (RBSD) training principles including:
Bojuka Skill Levels.
The Bojuka Self Defense System comprises several skill levels, each offering a specific mode of training:

</doc>
<doc id="20811073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811073" title="Fishing industry in China">
Fishing industry in China

China, with one-fifth of the world's population, accounts for one-third of the world's reported fish production and two-thirds of the worlds reported aquaculture production.
Aquaculture, the farming of fish in ponds, lakes and tanks, accounts for two-thirds of China's reported output. China's 2005 reported harvest was 32.4 million tonnes, more than 10 times that of the second-ranked nation, India, which reported 2.8 million tonnes.
China's 2005 reported catch of wild fish, caught in rivers, lakes, and the sea, was 17.1 million tonnes, far ahead of the second-ranked nation, the United States, which reported 4.9 million tonnes.
The principal aquaculture-producing regions are close to urban markets in middle and lower Yangtze valley and the Zhu Jiang delta.
Statistics.
Since 2002, China has been the world largest exporter of fish and fish products. In 
2005, exports, including aquatic plants, were valued at US$7.7 billion, with Japan, the United States and the Republic of Korea as the main markets. In 2005, China was sixth largest importer of fish and fish products in the world, with imports totaling US$4.0 billion.
In 2003, the global per capita consumption of fish was estimated at 16.5 kg, with Chinese consumption, based on her reported returns, at 25.8 kg.
In 2010, China accounted for 60% of global aquaculture production (by volume) and had ~14 million people (26% of the world total) engaged as fishers and fish farmers (FAO). In 2009, China produced approximately 21 million metric tons (MTs) of freshwater fish or 48% of global output, and 5.3 million MTs of crustaceans or 49% of global output.
Wild fisheries.
Coastal fisheries.
China has a coastline of 14,500 kilometres, and an exclusive economic zone (EEZ) of 877,019 square kilometres. The fishing grounds range from sub-tropical to temperate zones and include 431,000 square kilometres of continental shelves (within 200 meters deep).
There are ongoing disputes with several neighbouring nations over the exact extent of the EEZ in the South China Sea.
The China seas contain about 3,000 marine species, of which more than 150 species are fished commercially. Some major marine fishing species in recent times are hairtail, chub mackerel, black scraper (oval filefish or "Navodon modestus"), anchovy and some species of shrimps, crabs and smaller fishes.
Distant fisheries.
Chinese distant water fishing activities started in 1985 when China gained access to new fishing grounds through agreements with foreign countries. By 1996, these fisheries had extended to 60 regions around the world, employing 21,200 fishermen, 1381 fishing vessels, and caught 926,500 tonnes.
The China National Fishery Corporation (CNFC) is the major operator in the distant water fisheries. It sent the first Chinese fishing fleet to West African waters in 1985. The following year, with other Chinese partners, CNFC started trawling operations in the North Pacific. Tuna longlining followed in the South Pacific, and in 1989, squid longlining in the Japan Sea and the North Pacific.
Inland fisheries.
Inland China has 176,000 square km of inland waters (1.8 percent of the inland area). Eighty thousand reservoirs contribute another 20,000 km2.
China reputably has 709 freshwater fish species and 58 subspecies, with another 64 species migrating between sea and inland waters.
Carp are a commercially important species, particularly silver carp, bighead carp, black carp, grass carp, common carp and crucian carp. Other commercially important species are bream, reeves shad, eel, cat fish, rainbow trout, salmon, whitebait, mullet, mandarin fish, perch, sturgeon, murrel and pangolin. Commercial shellfish include freshwater shrimp and river crabs, molluscs include freshwater mussels, clams and freshwater snails. Aquatic plants are also harvested: lotus, water chestnut and the gorgon nut "Euryale ferox". Other commercial species include the soft-shell turtle and the frog.
China inland fish production before 1963 came mainly from wild inland fisheries. Since then, wild inland fishery resources have decreased because of overfishing, dam building, land reclamation for agriculture, and industrial pollution. During the 1970s, the annual output of wild inland fisheries had dropped to 300,000 tonnes per year. In 1978, the government set up organizational structures to deal with these issues, and to stock fish fingerlings in rivers, lakes and reservoirs. This reversed many of the problems, and by 1996 production reached 1.76 million tonnes. However, inland aquaculture has made even bigger gains, and now outstrips production from the wild inland fisheries.
Management.
In 1999, China set an objective of “zero growth” in coastal marine capture catch, and in 2001 changed the objective to “minus growth”. To achieve this, China has been reducing vessel numbers and relocating fishermen away from marine capture fisheries. By the end of 2004, 8,000 vessels were scrapped and 40,000 fishermen were relocated. In 2006, China issued the "Programme of Action on Conservation of Living Aquatic Resources of China". This provides that, by 2010, deterioration of the aquatic environment, declines in fisheries resources and increases in endangered species will be arrested, over-capacity will be reduced, and efficiencies will be increased.
The fisheries authorities of China have adopted the following fishery management methods:
Over reporting.
In 2001, the fisheries scientists Reg Watson and Daniel Pauly expressed concerns in a letter to "Nature", that China was over reporting its catch from wild fisheries in the 1990s. They said that made it appear that the global catch since 1988 was increasing annually by 300,000 tonnes, whereas it was really shrinking annually by 350,000 tonnes. Watson and Pauly suggested this may be related to China policies where state entities that monitor the economy are also tasked with increasing output. Also, until recently, the promotion of Chinese officials was based on production increases from their own areas.
China disputes this claim. The official Xinhua News Agency quoted Yang Jian, director general of the Agriculture Ministry's Bureau of Fisheries, as saying that China's figures were "basically correct". However, the FAO accepts there are issues about the reliability of China's statistical returns, and currently treats data from China apart from the rest of the world.
Aquaculture.
Aquaculture has been used in China since circa 3500 BC. When the waters lowered after river floods, some fishes, mainly carp, were held in artificial ponds. Their brood were later fed using nymphs and silkworm feces, while the fish themselves were eaten as a source of protein. By a fortunate genetic mutation, this early domestication of carp led to the development of goldfish in the Tang Dynasty.
Cyprinus carpio is the number one fish of aquaculture. The annual tonnage of common carp, not to mention the other cyprinids, produced in China exceeds the weight of all other fish, such as trout and salmon, produced by aquaculture world wide.
Since the 1970s, the reform policies have resulted in the rapid development of China’s aquaculture, both in fresh and in sea waters. Total aquaculture areas rose from 2.86 million hectors in 1979 to 5.68 million hectors in 1996, and the production rose from 1.23 million tonnes to 15.31 million tonnes.
In 2005, worldwide aquaculture production including aquatic plants was worth US$78.4 billion. Of this, the Chinese production was worth US$ 39.8 billion. In the same year there were about 12 million fish farmers worldwide. Of these, China reported 4.5 million employed full-time in aquaculture.
Inland aquaculture.
In 1979, inland aquaculture occupied 237.8 million hectares and produced 813,000 tonnes. In 1996, they occupied 485.8 million hectares and produced 10.938 million tonnes. In that year, 17 provinces produced 100,000 tonnes from inland aquaculture.
Pond culture is the most common method of inland aquaculture (73.9% in 1996). These ponds are mostly found around the Pearl River basin and along the Yangtze River. They cover seven provinces: Anhui, Guangdong, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi and Shandong. The government has also supported developments in rural areas to get rid of poverty. The sector is significant from a nutrition point of view, because it brings seafood to areas inland away from the sea where consumption of seafood has traditionally been low.
In recent times, China has extended its skills in culturing pond system to open waters such as lakes, rivers, reservoirs and channels, by incorporating cages, nets and pens.
Fish farming in paddy fields is also developing. In 1996, paddy fish farming occupied 12.05 million hectares producing 376,800 tonnes. A further 16 million hectares of paddy fields are available for development.
Species introduced from other parts of the world are also being farmed, such as rainbow trout, tilapia, paddle fish, toad catfish, silver salmon, river perch, roach and "Collossoma brachypomum".
Marine aquaculture.
Using current culture technologies, much farmed cultivation of marine plants and animals can be applied within the 10 metre isobath in marine environments. There are about 1.33 million hectares of marine cultivable areas in China, including shallow seas, mudflats and bays. Before 1980, less than nine percent of these areas were cultivated, and species were mainly confined to kelp, laver (Porphyra) and mussels.
Between 1989 and 1996, areas of cultivated shallow sea were increased from 25,200 to 114,200 hectares, areas of mudflat from 266,800 to 533,100 hectares, and areas of bay from 131,300 to 174,800 hectares. The 1979 production was 415,900 tonnes on 117,000 hectares, and the 1996 production was 4.38 million tonnes on 822,000 hectares.
Since the 1980s, the government has encouraged the introduction of different marine species, including the large shrimp or prawn "Penaeus chinensis", as well as scallop, mussel, sea bream, abalone, grouper and the mud mangrove crab "Scylla serrata".
In 1989, production of farmed shrimp was 186,000 tonnes, and China was the largest producer in the world. In 1993 viral disease struck, and by 1996 production declined to 89,000 tonnes. This was attributed to inadequate management such as overfeeding and high stock densities.
History.
Historically, cormorant fishing has been a significant fishing technique in China. To control the birds, the fishermen tie a snare near the base of the bird's throat. This prevents the birds from swallowing larger fish, which are held in their throat. When a cormorant has caught a fish, the fisherman brings the bird back to the boat and has the bird spit the fish out. Chinese fishermen often employ great cormorants. Though cormorant fishing used to be a successful fishing industry, its primary use today is to serve the tourism industry. In Guilin, Guangxi Province, cormorant birds are famous for fishing on the shallow Lijiang River.

</doc>
<doc id="20811079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811079" title="Sewn Mouth Secrets">
Sewn Mouth Secrets

Sewn Mouth Secrets is the second full-length album from Louisiana-based heavy metal band Soilent Green. It was released on September 22, 1998.
History.
"Sewn Mouth Secrets" was Soilent Green's first full-length album to be released on Relapse Records; they had already worked with the label for their previous EP "A String of Lies". It was recorded in 1998, the 22nd of May through the 1st of June; it was produced by Keith Falgout and Soilent Green. It was mixed during the 20th and 21st of June of the same year at Festival Studios by Keith Falgout and the band. It was mastered by Dave Shirk at Sonorous Mastering, Inc., in Tempe, Arizona. The album was finally released on September 22, 1998. Scott Hull remastered the album at Visceral Sound for a compilation with the EP "A String of Lies" which was released on October 11, 2005.
The album was generally well received. It was given a 4.5 out of 5 by William York from Allmusic, who called it "the band's strongest effort to date." It made "Rolling Stone" call Soilent Green one of the "ten most important hard and heavy bands right now" and was 18th on "Terrorizer"'s top albums of 1998.
Music and artwork.
The record features Soilent Green's mixture of grindcore and sludge metal. According to William York from Allmusic, "each song is a nonstop sequence of constantly morphing riffs and assaultive, split-personality vocals, leaving listeners little chance to catch their breaths." Throughout, frontman Ben Falgoust alternates between black metal screams, a hardcore-derived, semi-barking voice; spoken word passages and death growls. According to York, "his varied vocals, together with his sadistic lyrics, make for a frightening and intense presence." During the album the band uses Southern-flavored rock grooves, blast beats, moments very complex musically and Black Sabbath-inspired riffs. There are a few quiet moments, like the intros on "Build Fear" and "Her Unsober Ways."
Although not credited, Phil Anselmo provided backing vocals on the album. He is given thanks in the liner notes.
The cover of the album is based on a picture by Alfons Mucha.
Track listing.
All songs by Soilent Green

</doc>
<doc id="20811082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811082" title="MasterCard Tennis Cup">
MasterCard Tennis Cup

The Credicard Citi MasterCard Tennis Cup is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Campos do Jordão Tênis Clube de Turismo in Campos do Jordão, Brazil, since 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20811083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811083" title="Banana production in Brazil">
Banana production in Brazil

Banana production in Brazil accounts for approximately 10% of the entire world banana production, making Brazil a major banana-producing country in the world. Production has steadily increased over the years, rising from 5.4 million tonnes in 1997 to almost 7 million tonnes in 2007. In 2000, Brazil was fourth, behind India, Uganda and Ecuador, in banana production. By 2006, Brazil became the second largest banana-producer, behind only India, followed by China, Ecuador and the Philippines. Most of the bananas produced are consumed domestically. Gross exports has increased from 12.5 thousand tonnes in 1995 to more than 220 thousand tonnes in 2002 and 2003, mostly to neighbours Argentina and Uruguay, but these figures are still far behind industry leaders such as Ecuador, Costa Rica, the Philippines and Colombia which export more than a million tonnes of bananas annually.
Brazil produces and consumes Cavendish, Apple and Fruit bananas and the main producer in Brazil is in the southeastern state of São Paulo with 16.4% of the Brazilian market, according to the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE). Other notable areas where bananas in Brazil are cultivated include Prata in North-East Brazil; Belo Horizonte, Vitoria, Rio de Janeiro and Florianopolis in the southern and south-eastern regions. As of 2004, 6.6 million tons of bananas were produced, with a turnover of a little in excess US$ 1 billion.
Genetic research into banana production and scientific studies is helping to maximise output and quality, in addition to increasing resistance to disease increasingly as the country is developing. A Banana Genome program and a genetic data bank, the DataMusa, is in place institutionally in Brazil to monitor and conduct research. The data bank has 40,000 sequences of DNA and another 5,000 genes and under surveillance of the Brazilian Agricultural Research Corporation (Embrapa) in Brazil. . In Brazil, 20 scholars and researchers are working on the program, including on-going collaboration in research into bananas with the Catholic University of Brasília (UCB) and with the French Agricultural Research Center for International Development (Cirad). Notably the programme has done much since 2002 to curtail the effects of the Black Sigatoka which previously caused widespread disaster to banana plantations in the Amazon. The Brazilian Banana Genome program is also supported by the National Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq) internationally with support from experts in countries such as France and Belgium, UK, Japan and the Czech Republic. Apart from molecular genomics research, Embrapa also has a successful banana breeding program, generating disease-resistant varieties, such as the Pacovan Ken. Pacovan Ken, a banana breed resistant to yellow and black sigatoka and to Panama disease launched in November 2001 as a national crop plant in Brazil, is named after Embrapa scientist Kenneth Shepherd.

</doc>
<doc id="20811097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811097" title="The Evening World">
The Evening World

The Evening World was a newspaper that was published in New York City from 1887 to 1931.
History.
The first issue was on October 10, 1887. It was published daily, except for Sunday. The final publication was on February 26, 1931. It was merged with New York World and the New York Telegram and became the New York World-Telegram. 

</doc>
<doc id="20811113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811113" title="Katja Višnar">
Katja Višnar

Katja Višnar (born 21 March 1984) is a Slovenian cross-country skier who has competed since 2001. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, she finished 11th in the team sprint, 15th in the 4 x 5 km relay, and 16th in the individual sprint events.
Višnar's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 4th in the individual sprint event at Val di Fiemme in 2013.
Her best World Cup finish was second in a team sprint event in Russia in January 2010 and her best individual sprint finish was ninth at that same event. On February 5, 2011 she repeated her success at the World Cup finishing 2nd in the sprint in Russia behind her compatriot Vesna Fabjan.

</doc>
<doc id="20811122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811122" title="PowerLab">
PowerLab

PowerLab (before 1998 was referred to as MacLab) is a data acquisition system developed by ADInstruments comprising hardware and software and designed for use in life science research and teaching applications. It is commonly used in physiology, pharmacology, biomedical engineering, sports/exercise studies and psychophysiology laboratories to record and analyse physiological signals from human or animal subjects or from isolated organs. The system consists of an input device connected to a Microsoft Windows or Mac OS computer using a USB cable and LabChart software which is supplied with the PowerLab and provides the recording, display and analysis functions. The use of PowerLab and supplementary ADInstruments products have been demonstrated on the Journal of Visualised Experiments.
The original MacLab unit was developed in the late 1980s to run with only Macintosh computers to perform computer-based data acquisition and analysis. The MacLab product range was renamed "PowerLab" in 1997 to reflect the cross-platform nature of the system.
The PowerLab system is essentially a peripheral device designed to perform various functions needed for data acquisition, signal conditioning and pre-processing. Versatile display options and analysis functions are complemented by the ability to export data to other software (such as Microsoft Excel).
Software for PowerLab.
LabChart.
Formerly known as Chart. The software functions like a traditional multi-channel chart recorder, XY plotter, polygraph and digital voltmeter. It is compatible with both Windows and Macintosh operating systems. The software has hardware settings control, performs analysis in real-time and offline without the loss of raw data, procedure automation via editable macros, and multiple block samplings for the recording and settings of different signals within one file. Large specialised add-ons called Modules provide data acquisition and analysis features for specific applications such as ECG, blood pressure, cardiac output, HRV and etc. Smaller software plugins provides additional and specialized functionality to LabChart. Extensions perform functions such as file translations into other formats (including PVAN and Igor Pro) and specialist analysis functions (for specific research areas such as spirometry and ventricular pressure). The last version of LabChart6 (version 6.1.3) was released on January 2009.
In April 2009, LabChart 7 was released and incorporates the features of a multi-channel digital oscilloscope that allows recording and averaging of up to sixteen signals in real time. Latest version of LabChart7 is version 7.0.
LabTutor.
Software provides a range of hands-on laboratory background for students that includes experimental background & protocols, data acquisition & analysis, and report generation within one interface. The software and accompanying PowerLab hardware is configured for immediate use with step by step instructions designed to maximize student productivity by applying independent learning techniques to a suite of human and animal physiological experiments. Recently, LabAuthor software was released to provide educators the ability to design or edit existing LabTutor experiments and tailor the experiments to suit their practical classes without the need of programming or html skills.
Scope.
Records and analyzes high frequency signals that are time-locked to a stimulus. The display allows computer screen to act as an oscilloscope and XY plotter

</doc>
<doc id="20811131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811131" title="China Venture Capital Association">
China Venture Capital Association

China Venture Capital Association (CVCA) is a Venture Capital industry trade group that itself says "promotes the interest and the development of venture capital ("VC") and private equity ("PE") industry in the Greater China Region."
CVCA was founded in mid-2002 and is based in the international financial center of Hong Kong.
Members.
As of 2008, CVCA has more than 150 member firms, which altogether manage over US$100 billion in venture capital and private equity funds. CVCA's member firms have experience in PE and VC investing worldwide and have made many investments in a variety of industries in China, including IT, telecoms, business services, media and entertainment, biotech, consumer products, general manufacturing and others.
Mission.
CVCA's mission is:
Funding.
Funding for CVCA comes from membership payment. Membership for CVCA is open to all China-focused VC and PE firms and corporate investors, and is also open to the related professional companies, which can join as CVCA associate members.

</doc>
<doc id="20811150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811150" title="47th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
47th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 47th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1960 and August 29, 1963.
Division of seats.
There were 43 members of the General Assembly, elected in the 1960 Nova Scotia general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20811156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811156" title="Utopia Synth">
Utopia Synth

The Utopia Synth is an analog sound synthesizer produced by King Capitol Punishment, and based on voltage controlled oscillators. It consists of four square wave oscillators grouped into two sets. Within each set one is the modulator and the other is the main sound source. The four oscillators combine to form a variety of noisy pulses and harmonics. It is housed in a stompbox-style enclosure commonly used for guitar effects pedals, and all sounds are mixed down to one 1/4" mono output.

</doc>
<doc id="20811164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811164" title="State network">
State network

A State Network in the United States broadcasting industry is a term which refers to a miniature television network serving an entire state or multiple states. State Networks are common with stations aligned with the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS), however there are a few state networks that are affiliated with a Commercial broadcasting television network.
A state network consists of a flagship station, plus satellite stations and translators that simulcast the main parent station's television programming either as a complete and direct simulcast or a partial simulcast of the main station's broadcast programming. Under U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regulations, the parent station in a commercial state network and all of its satellites are counted together as one station, rather than individual stations.
Educational state networks are common in many states where most of the cities aren't large enough to support a standalone station. Commercial state networks are common in rural markets covering large swaths of territory.
Background.
In January 1955, WTIQ in Talladega, Alabama signed on as the nation's ninth non-commercial educational television station, owned by the Alabama Educational Television Commission. In April, WBIQ in Birmingham, also owned by the AETC, signed on. This was the beginning of Alabama Educational Television (now Alabama Public Television), the first operational educational television network and the first state network in the United States. It made its first broadcast as a network shortly after WBIQ signed on. Twenty-five other states have started public television networks, all based on Alabama's model.
In 1959, NBC affiliate KCKT in Great Bend, Kansas, signed on a satellite station, KGLD, channel 11 in Garden City. The two stations became known as the "Tri-Circle Network". They were joined in 1959 by KOMC-TV in Oberlin, thus creating the first true commercial state network. Then in 1962, the FCC collapsed central and western Kansas into the Wichita market. This created the largest television market in the nation in terms of land mass, stretching across 70 counties in Kansas and far southern Nebraska. KCKT's owner, Central Kansas Television, then bought Wichita's KARD-TV and combined it with its existing three-station network. The new group was known as the Kansas State Network, based at KARD. In 1983, KARD changed its call letters to KSNW, KOMC changed its calls to KSNK, KCKT changed its calls to KSNC, and KGLD changed its calls to KSNG as KSN sought to help its viewers think of its four stations as part of one large network. Two other stations, KTSB in Topeka and KTVJ in Joplin, Missouri; joined the network as partial satellites not long after and changed their callsigns to KSNT and KSNF, respectively. In the early 1990s, then-owners SJL Communications ended KSNT and KSNF's microwave link to KSNW due to cost reasons and began operating their own schedules, though KSNF continues to refer to itself to this day as "KSN16".
Often, the satellite stations of a commercial state network will place local news inserts over some portions of the parent station's newscasts. For years, many of them aired separate full-fledged newscasts of their own, though this is now less common. Additionally, the satellites usually air separate local commercials from those of the parent station.
Some state networks use broadcast callsigns that differ by only one letter between stations. Alabama stations have W"x"IQ (where "x" is letters A through I), while North Carolina stations use WUN"x" (where "x" is a letter that is random, or is relevant to a location in its broadcast range).
List of state networks.
Non-commercial educational.
"Note: Most are PBS member stations unless otherwise noted."

</doc>
<doc id="20811169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811169" title="Itagüí F.C.">
Itagüí F.C.

Itagüí F.C., also known as Itagüí, is a professional Colombian football team based in Itagüí, that currently plays in the Categoría Primera A. They play their home games at the Metropolitano Ciudad de Itagüí stadium.
Since its foundation the team has had several names. Itagüí has had very good results in the Categoría Primera B. In 2010 they became champion and advanced to the Categoría Primera A. Itagüí had his debut in the league in 2011, being the first time in the Categoría Primera A that four teams from the same department compete for the grand prize.
Uniform and team badge.
The uniform shirt is gold holder, stockings and black pants. The alternate uniform is completely red. The team badge is gold and black colors.

</doc>
<doc id="20811190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811190" title="Óscar Yebra">
Óscar Yebra

Óscar Yebra Fernández (born 15 July 1974 in León) is a Spanish professional basketball player.
He represented the Spanish national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20811203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811203" title="Peacemaker (ship)">
Peacemaker (ship)

Peacemaker is an American barquentine owned by the Twelve Tribes religious group.
History.
The "Peacemaker", originally named Avany, was built on a riverbank in southern Brazil using traditional methods and tropical hardwoods, and was launched in 1989. The original owner and his family motored in the southern Atlantic Ocean before bringing the ship up through the Caribbean to Savannah, Georgia, where they intended to rig it as a three-masted staysail Marconi rigged motor sailer. The work was never done, however, and in the summer of 2000, it was purchased by the Twelve Tribes, a religious group with 50 or so communities in North and South America, Europe, and Australia. They spent the next seven years replacing all of the ship’s mechanical and electrical systems and rigging it as a barquentine. The refit vessel set sail for the first time in the spring of 2007, under the name "Peacemaker".
Purpose.
The "Peacemaker" will be used to travel between the communities of the Twelve Tribes while providing an apprenticeship program for their youth in sailing, seamanship, navigation, and boat maintenance.
The ship has a United States Coast Guard attraction vessel permit and is available for festivals and dockside hospitality events.
Features.
The "Peacemaker" has a large deckhouse and spacious cabins finished in mahogany, modeled after the interior of the Cutty Sark. It also has an innovative transom that can be lowered while in port to reveal a watertight bulkhead with two large doors opening into a cargo area and fully equipped workshop.
Present day.
The "Peacemaker" is participating in the Tall Ships 1812 Tour, which is a pan-provincial event that travels throughout Ontario during the summer of 2013, commemorating the bicentennial of the War of 1812. Sixteen ports will participate in this event which is produced in partnership with the Tall Ships Challenge Great Lakes 2013 series. The first port of call for the tour was Brockville, Ontario, June 14-16, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20811210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811210" title="Evangelos Tsiolis">
Evangelos Tsiolis

Club career.
Born in Karditsa, Tsiolis previously played in the Greek Super League with Paniliakos F.C., Panionios F.C., Kallithea F.C. and Thrasyvoulos F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20811211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811211" title="CVCA">
CVCA

CVCA may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20811216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811216" title="Richard Arbib">
Richard Arbib

Richard Arbib (September 1, 1917 in Gloversville, New York - February 22, 1995 in Manhattan, New York City) was an American industrial designer.
Family.
Richard Henry Arbib was the son of Robert Simeon Arbib, Sr. (March 3, 1889 in Cairo, Egypt – January, 1969 in New York) and Edna Josephine Henry (November 3, 1889 in Richmond, Virginia – July 17, 1975 in New York City. Robert Sr. arrived in the United States from Liverpool, England in May 1908. Siblings were Robert Simeon Arbib, Jr. (March 17, 1915 in New York – July 1987 in New York) and John A, Arbib (born September 1924 in New York). 
Richard Arbib was married to Audrey Schulz and they were divorced in 1952 in Volusia County, Florida. Audrey later married Associated Press photographer Baron Hans Ferdinand von Nolde (born Berlin, Germany, died November 9, 2002 at 77 years of age). Richard later married Helen W. He dated model Bettie Page in the 1950s.
Career.
Arbib graduated from the Pratt Institute in New York City in 1939 . He worked as a designer for the Henney Motor Co. of Freeport, Illinois, a manufacturer of professional car bodies such as ambulances, hearses and limosines. Henney was Packard's sole professional body supplier. He started his automotive design career consulting with Harley Earl at GM Styling in the late 1930s. He came to the attention of Henney after serving in World War II. He was responsible for the design of the commercial line of Packard built by Henney from 1951 to 1954. One of the distinctive features of these models was wrap-around rear side windows. Arbib designed the Packard show car "Pan American" for the International Motor Sports Show held in New York City at the Grand Central Palace on March 29, 1952. It was based upon a 1951 Packard 250 convertible and built by Henney. The "Pan American" won the first-place trophy for most outstanding design at the show.
Arbib's clients included Argus, Benrus, General Motors, International Nickel, Republic Aviation, Simca, Swank Jewelry, Tidewater Oil, Union Pacific, American Type Founders, and U.S. Rubber.
In 1955, Arbib was hired by American Motors Corporation (AMC) to create a unique look for the Hudson line that was to share the senior 1955 Nash body. His main design theme was to use a "V" form throughout the car, which he dubbed V-Line styling. The design was to correspond with AMC starting to build its own V8 engines to replace the Packard V8 it was using in its Hudson and Nash models. 
He also designed, and Andrew Mazzara built, the Astra-Gnome "Time and Space Car" concept car that included a "celestial time-zone clock permitting actual flight-type navigation." The design was influenced by space travel forms. The vehicle was based on the Nash Metropolitan and was Arbib's vision of what an automobile would look like in the year 2000. The Astra-Gnome attracted attention at the 1956 International Automobile Show in New York, and was also featured on the cover of "Newsweek" magazine's September 3, 1956 issue.
He designed asymmetrical cases for the new Hamilton electric watches in the 1950s, including such notable models as the Ventura, Everest, and Pacer. He also designed watches for Tourneau, Benrus, Sheffield and Gucci. He designed boats for the Century Boat Company in the 1950s, notably one of their most successful and expensive models, the "Coronado", as well as the "Arabian" model.

</doc>
<doc id="20811227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811227" title="List of former Mormon fundamentalists">
List of former Mormon fundamentalists

This is a list of former members of Mormon fundamentalism churches.

</doc>
<doc id="20811231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811231" title="The Killing Ground (novel)">
The Killing Ground (novel)

The Killing Ground is a fiction novel written by Jack Higgins in 2007.
Reception.
Kirkus Reviews said "can any other thrillmeister equal the Higgins corpse-per-page count?". Publishers Weekly said that "the proceedings are complicated; it helps if the reader is a veteran of this long-running series. But it's all pure Higgins: almost every shot hits square between the eyes, and all the characters are hard lads indeed." David Pitt in his review for Booklist said that "the plot seems a bit forced" and that "there is nothing wrong with the novel, but there is nothing especially right about it".

</doc>
<doc id="20811234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811234" title="Cyril Cobb">
Cyril Cobb

Sir Cyril Stephen Cobb, KBE, MVO (1861 – 8 March 1938) was a British barrister and Conservative Party politician.
He was the son of J F Cobb of Margate, Kent. Following education at Newton Abbot, Devon and at Merton College, Oxford, he studied law. He was called to the bar at the Middle Temple in 1887.
In 1905 a by-election was held for a vacant London County Council seat at Fulham. Cobb was the candidate of the Conservative-backed Moderate Party, and succeeded in taking the seat from the majority Progressive Party. In 1907 the Moderates, reorganised as the Municipal Reform Party, gained control of the council. Cobb was to be a leading member of the authority for the next twenty-seven years, and was chairman in 1913 – 1914. In 1934 the Labour Party gained control of the LCC, and Cobb lost his seat.
In the meantime, he had been elected to the Commons as Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Fulham West in 1918. He was briefly unseated at the 1929 general election, but regained the constituency at a by-election in the following year. He continued to represent Fulham West until his death.
He was made a member of the Royal Victorian Order in 1911 and a Knight of the Order of the British Empire in 1918. He died at his London home in March 1938, aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="20811241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811241" title="WWE The Bash">
WWE The Bash

The Bash was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and presented by Gillette's Fusion Power, which took place on June 28, 2009 at the ARCO Arena in Sacramento, California. This was the sixth show in WWE's production lineage for The Great American Bash event (twentieth overall) and the only one to be referred to as The Bash. It featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands. There were eight matches on for the event's card.
The card for the event was a supercard due to it having three main attraction bouts. This included: Randy Orton defeating Triple H in a 3 Stages of Hell match to retain the WWE Championship, World Heavyweight Champion CM Punk getting disqualified against Jeff Hardy, and John Cena defeating The Miz in the first official encounter between the two. The undercard for the show featured five matches: ECW Champion Tommy Dreamer defending his title against Christian, Jack Swagger, Finlay, and Mark Henry in a Championship Scramble match, Chris Jericho wagering the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Rey Mysterio's mask, Dolph Ziggler versus The Great Khali in a No Disqualification match, The Colóns defending the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship against The Legacy and Edge and Chris Jericho, and Michelle McCool challenging Melina for the WWE Women's Championship.
The event had 178,000 buys, down on The Great American Bash 2008 figure of 196,000 buys.
Background.
The Bash featured professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots, and storylines that were played out on "Monday Night Raw", "Friday Night SmackDown", "ECW" and "WWE Superstars"—World Wrestling Entertainment's (WWE) television programs. Wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension, and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches. All wrestlers were from WWE's Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands—a storyline division in which WWE employees are assigned to a television program of the same name.
The primary rivalry from SmackDown was over the World Heavyweight Championship. Three weeks prior at Extreme Rules, CM Punk invoked his guaranteed title match, which he received from winning the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania XXV, and defeated Jeff Hardy to win the title. The two had tense confrontations in the coming weeks, which resulted in a match between the two for the championship being announced for the Bash on the June 15 episode of "Raw" by SmackDown general manager, Theodore Long.
After winning the WWE Championship at Extreme Rules, Batista was assaulted on the succeeding episode of "Raw" by former champion, Randy Orton, incapacitating Batista and leading to him vacating his title due to a legitimate tear in his Biceps brachii muscle. On the following edition of "Raw", a Fatal Four-Way match was held to determine the new champion, which featured Orton, Triple H, John Cena, and The Big Show. Orton won the match, and it was later announced by the owner of World Wrestling Entertainment, Vince McMahon, that the next man to face Orton for the title would be the winner of a 10-man battle royal; Triple H won the match, and became the number one contender. It was also announced on this episode of "Raw" by storyline owner, Donald Trump, that the title would be defended the next week on "Raw" between the two in a Last Man Standing match, match that has both wrestlers attempt to incapacitate their opponent for a count of ten; the winner would go into The Bash with the title, defending against the other. The match ended in a draw when neither man was able to answer the referee's ten-count; Orton retained the championship as a result. Later in the show, Mr. McMahon acquired "Raw" back from Trump with his first act back in control being to change the match between Orton and Triple H at The Bash to a two-out-of-three falls match, dubbed "Three Stages of Hell", consisting of a singles match, Falls Count Anywhere, and a stretcher match for the first, second, and third falls respectively.
For the two months before the event, Christian, Tommy Dreamer, and Jack Swagger had been in constant conflict with each other over the ECW Championship with Christian defeating Swagger at Backlash and Judgment Day, and Dreamer defeating both at Extreme Rules. In the wake of their conflict, Finlay (Dave Finlay) inserted himself into the rivalry on the June 16 episode of "ECW on Sci Fi" by attacking all three men. It was announced following the program that the four wrestlers, along with Mark Henry, would participate in a Championship Scramble match at The Bash.
Following Rey Mysterio retaining the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Chris Jericho at Judgment Day, Jericho had begun moral crusade, accusing Mysterio of being dishonest to the fans for wearing his mask, not showing his true face; he assaulted him after posing as a fan in the crowd wearing one of Mysterio's masks. This led to another match between the two at Extreme Rules, in which Jericho won the title after removing Mysterio's mask. On the June 19 episode of "SmackDown", it was announced that the Intercontinental title would be defended at The Bash in a match where if Mysterio were to lose, he would remove his mask.
Since being drafted to Raw in April, The Miz had been making challenges to John Cena. These were generally made after Cena either had been injured or was already in a match, leading to The Miz claiming victory by forfeit. This would continue until The Miz accumulated a record of 7–0. After some confrontations, as well as an ambush by The Miz with a steel chair as a weapon, on the June 22 episode of "Raw", it was announced Cena and The Miz would officially meet in a match at The Bash.
Event.
Pre-show.
Prior to the show airing live on pay per view, the crowd in attendance was shown an untelevised match match pitting R-Truth against Shelton Benjamin, which saw the former defeat the latter by pinfall.
Preliminary matches.
The show commenced with the ECW Championship Scramble match. The match would start with two wrestlers competing for three minutes with another wrestler entering every three minutes thereafter; when a wrestler scores a decision over another, they are declared the interim champion for the time being, and would only lose the distinction if another wrestler scores a decision after them. Whoever was the interim champion as the time limit expired would be named the official champion, thus winning the match. The first two competitors were Christian and Jack Swagger before the entrance of Finlay. Swagger became the first interim champion by pinning Finlay after exploiting his legitimately scratched cornea; Finlay eventually retaliated by hoisting Swagger onto his shoulder, driving his head to the mat with the move he calls the Celtic Cross. When incumbent champion Tommy Dreamer and Mark Henry entered the match, Henry became the interim title holder by pinning Dreamer, only to have Swagger regain the distinction by pinning Henry following a body press from the corner. As the time limit was set to expire, Dreamer grabbed Christian with a facelock, and executed a DDT before pinning his opponent. As the final minute of the match progressed, Dreamer spent the time preventing the four other men from scoring a decision before winning the match and retaining the title.
Chris Jericho and Rey Mysterio's match for the Intercontinental title followed; the contest was kept at a fast pace, leading to Jericho going to the floor of the arena surrounding the ring to have his opponent dive onto him from the top turnbuckle with a body block called the seated senton. As the move also damaged Mysterio, Jericho gained control, whipping the challenger into the guardrail surrounding the ring before returning the action to the ring; Mysterio regained his momentum to take down Jericho with a backflip press following two bounces off the top rope. The match continued with both men countering each other's signature maneuvers in attempts to score a pin. Mysterio gained the upper hand by dropkicking the champion onto the bottom rope in an attempt to execute his signature kick that has him swing through the ropes, the 619; once connected, Jericho quicklt regained composure, stopping the challenger's momentum, applying his signature submission hold, the Walls of Jericho; Mysterio struggled out of the position, leading to an exchange of surprise pin attempts. The match came to an end when Jericho made an attempt to remove his opponent's mask, only to see another one in its place, leading to Mysterio taking advantage of the confusion by executing the 619 again before jumping off the rope, performing a body press to pin his opponent, winning the title and retaining his mask.
Third on the card was the No Disqualification match between Dolph Ziggler and The Great Khali stemming from weeks of inconclusive finishes in their matches together; this stipulation would guarantee a winner without any dispute, as all paraphernalia was legal to use. The match quickly went to the arena floor with both men trying to gain control of a steel chair to use as a weapon. Kane made his return in this match by assaulting Khali with the chair before Ziggler made a pin to win the match.
The following match was between The Colóns (Carlito and Primo) and The Legacy (Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase) for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship. As the match was about to proceed, after being pressured by Vince McMahon to improve the quality of "SmackDown", Theodore Long announced another team would be inserted into the match, making it a triple threat match; the team would be Chris Jericho and Edge. The match centered around The Colóns and The Legacy isolating themselves for the most part before Edge managed to tag himself into the match as Carlito went to pin Rhodes, but due to Edge tagging Rhodes, the match continued for Edge to connect with a tackle referred to as a spear to Carlito, pinning him, and winning the titles.
Melina would next defend the WWE Women's Championship against Michelle McCool. The match focused around McCool attacking her opponent's leg with her associate, Alicia Fox, inhibiting Melina. As the champion went to wrap her legs around the challenger's torso, McCool positioned her adversary between her legs and drove her upper body into the mat with her finishing maneuver dubbed the Faith Breaker, to garner the pinfall victory, winning the title.
Main event matches.
The first of three matches billed as the main event was the World Heavyweight Championship match between CM Punk and Jeff Hardy. The match was wrestled at a fast pace as the two exchanged a series of holds and kicks. As Punk was about to deliver a knee to the face in the form of a finishing move called the Go To Sleep (GTS), Hardy maneuvered his way down from the position to grab Punk with a facelock. Hardy then twisted his arm around to perform his own move called the Twist of Fate, dropping Punk to the mat on his face; the challenger followed up on his attack by ascending the top turnbuckle where he dove off and connected with a flipping body block called the Swanton bomb; Hardy then covered his opponent and got the pin. Though it appeared initially that he won the title, the referee soon discovered Punk's foot was under the bottom rope (the ropes neutralize any offense and null any pin attempts), causing the match to continue. As the competitors continued to fight, Punk performed a roundhouse kick on the referee, causing him to get disqualified, thus retaining the title. Following the match, a frustrated Hardy assaulted the champion, leading to the two being pulled apart by the referee and other officials.
John Cena and The Miz had their first official match together next. Cena was able to beat down on his opponent quickly before using the Attitude Adjustment before using the STF to make the Miz submit.
The main event of the evening was the 3 Stages of Hell match. In the first match, a Singles match, Triple H was disqualified after hitting Orton with a chair, giving Orton a victory, therefore leading the series. The next fall was Falls Count Anywhere, which allows a wrestler to score a victory over their opponent anywhere in the arena. Triple H won this decision with little effort after attacking Orton with the chair he was previously disqualified for using, followed by a pin on the floor of the arena after a Pedigree on the outside, tying the series, leading to the Stretcher match. Triple H tried to end the match early by wheeling the champion over the yellow line on the stage that signified the end of the match only to have Orton slide off, leading to a brawl between the two on the stage. The momentum shifted to Orton's favor as he caught the challenger on the stretcher before performing a DDT from the structure onto the entrance ramp. The fight went back up to the stage with Triple H driving Orton's face into the structure whilst holding the arms with a move called the Pedigree, followed by loading the stretcher with Orton until Orton's two protégés, Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase, interfered, preventing Triple H from winning by distracting him to have Orton attack him, put him on the stretcher, and carried him across the finishing line to win the match. After the match, when Orton was celebrating his victory, Triple H attacked Randy with his signature sledgehammer.
Aftermath.
On the edition of "Raw" following The Bash, it was announced that the general manager position for the Raw brand would be eradicated and replaced with a new weekly special guest host role. Batista was then announced as the first person to be special guest host. In his position, Batista announced the WWE Championship would be defended at the July event, Night of Champions; the competitor who would face Orton would be determined by the winner of the tournament that commenced that night. The semi-finals saw Triple H defeat Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) and John Cena defeat The Miz to advance to the finals of the tournament to be held on the July 6 edition of "Raw".
Following his match, on the July 2 episode of "Superstars", CM Punk revealed he suffered a (storyline) eye injury at The Bash; after a match with Edge that caused him to forfeit due to extra damage inflicted in the match. Punk claimed the reason he struck the referee because he was unable to see who his target was. Hardy continued after Punk, leading to the announcement the two would meet at Night of Champions for the title.
Reception.
The show was rated as merely average by wrestling journalists. Canadian Online Explorer had analyst, Brian Elliott, review the show; he would comment that the show "failed to live up to expectations, largely due to bad booking." This criticism was built around what he had felt to be the inability of the company's creative writers to showcase effective segments and matches. Dave Meltzer, editor of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, wrote a real-time commentary during the event; he was disappointed by a few moments in the show, but still saw the wrestling as a positive, particularly the main event, but said it was "nothing compared to their match (Triple H and Orton had) on Monday and this was the one you were paying for."
A seemingly-universal praise for the event from critics came in their commentary of the WWE Intercontinental Championship match between Rey Mysterio and Chris Jericho. Elliott dubbed this the "Match of the Night", giving it a rating of 8/10. James Caldwell, an editor for the Pro Wrestling Torch, commended the effort of both men for the overall quality of their rivalry over the past few months leading up to this encounter, saying to the two had "great chemistry". Meltzer called it "one of the better WWE matches this year."
The most noteworthy criticism of the show came from John Cena's match with The Miz. Wade Keller, editor of the Torch, who also wrote a report for the show, said the encounter "was pretty much the worst finish possible" with the logic of his criticism being that it was not helping to elevate the status of The Miz as a viable competitor. Despite the favorable reviews of 3 Stages of Hell, Keller would refer to it as "stale" due to how many times prior to the show these two wrestled.
Results.
ECW Championship Scramble Interim Champions

</doc>
<doc id="20811247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811247" title="Charlie Faumuina">
Charlie Faumuina

Charles Faumuina (born 24 December 1986) is a rugby union player who plays prop, for Blues in Super Rugby and New Zealand internationally.
Career.
As well as the Blues, Faumuina also plays for Auckland in the ITM Cup. His main position is tighthead prop but has also covered loosehead prop for the Blues.
Faumuina was a late recruit to rugby union, and played only rugby league until selected for the Papatoetoe High School 1st XV rugby team. His progress in rugby union was rapid and in 2007 he was selected to make his first-class rugby debut for the New Zealand Colts against Canada. The same year he made his debut for Auckland as a substitute against the Counties Manukau Steelers in the Air New Zealand Cup. On 7 March 2009, Faumuina made his Super Rugby debut against the Sharks when international prop John Afoa was ruled out through injury.
In 2011, due to extended injury layoff to Tony Woodcock, Faumuina started the majority of games for the Blues in a successful season.
In 2012 Faumuina played 10 of the Blues first 11 games in the Super Rugby season and missed only the game against the Chiefs due to injury.
Blues head coach Pat Lam believes Faumuina, despite his size, has a dancer's agility. "He's a big man but his footwork is unbelievable, he’s got footwork like a ballerina and I think it's a massive asset," said Lam.
On 8 September 2012, he made his debut for the All Blacks as a substitute in the 73rd minute in a test against Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="20811258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811258" title="Elvira, Illinois">
Elvira, Illinois

Elvira is an unincorporated community in Johnson County, Illinois, United States. The closest city to Elvira is Buncombe, which is about to the southeast. No numbered highways pass through Elvira; the closest state highway is Illinois Route 37 to the east.
History.
Elvira was the county seat of Johnson County before Vienna, the current county seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20811260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811260" title="Benny Powell">
Benny Powell

Benny Powell (March 1, 1930 – June 26, 2010) was an African-American jazz trombonist. He played both standard (tenor) trombone and bass trombone.
Biography.
Born Benjamin Gordon Powell Jr in New Orleans, Louisiana, he first played professionally at the age of 14, and at 18 began playing with Lionel Hampton. In 1951 he left Hampton's band and began playing with Count Basie, in whose orchestra he would remain until 1963. Powell takes the trombone solo in the bridge of Basie's 1955 recording of "April in Paris".
After leaving Basie, he freelanced in New York City. From 1966 to 1970 he was a member of the Thad Jones-Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra, playing on Monday nights at the Village Vanguard. Among other engagements, he played in the house band of the "Merv Griffin Show", and when the show moved to Los Angeles, California, in 1970 Powell also relocated there. He did extensive work as a session musician, including with Abdullah Ibrahim, John Carter, and Randy Weston. Later in his career Powell worked as an educator, including as part of the Jazzmobile project. Having moved back to New York in the 1980s, he began teaching at the New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music in 1994.
He died in a Manhattan hospital at the age of 80, following back surgery.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Gene Ammons
With Donald Byrd
With Eddie Harris
With Bobby Bland and B.B. King 
With Herbie Mann
With Chico O'Farrill
With Moacir Santos
'"With Randy Weston

</doc>
<doc id="20811267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811267" title="La Pinilla">
La Pinilla

La Pinilla is a ski area situated near the town of Riaza (Segovia) in the Sierra de Ayllón, 100 kilometres away from Madrid (Spain). 
Resort.
It has 20 km of marked pistes. The base of the area is situated at 1497 m AMSL. The highest point is the Pico del Lobo, 2273 m AMSL, with a vertical drop of 776 m. La Pinilla has 189 artificial snow cannons.
Lifts.
All of the resort's lifts are modern and of high capacity, the resort has:
Pistes.
The resort offers 23 pistes of different difficulties:

</doc>
<doc id="20811268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811268" title="Katharsis (journal)">
Katharsis (journal)

"Katharsis, A Critical Review in the Humanities and Social Sciences", is a Hebrew periodical published twice a year and dedicated to detailed scholarly criticism of Hebrew publications in the Humanities and Social Studies.
It is published and distributed by Carmel Publishing House, Jerusalem. "Katharsis" was established in 2004 by Mezaref, a non-profit-making society registered in Israel. The first editors were John Glucker, Doron Mendels, and Moshe Shokeid.
Each issue opens – following the table of contents and editorial – by a 'programmatic' article criticizing some aspect of the manner in which study and research in the human disciplines are conducted in the Israeli academic world. Most of the main articles are 'review articles', dealing at length and in depth with books and articles in the Humanities and Social Studies published in Hebrew. The reviewers, experts in their respective fields, analyse in detail the book or article under review, citing exemplary passages for discussion, and deal with the methods (or lack of them) employed (or ignored) by the authors. The main aim of "Katharsis" is to raise academic standards by exposing errors, distortions and wilful deceptions in sub-standard publications; but some of the reviews praise works of serious scholarship and hold them up as examples to be followed.
Each issue ends with the section Remembrance of Former Generations, which includes a critical article or two by one of the leading Israeli scholars of the past century, preceded by a survey of his life and an assessment of his contributions to knowledge. Each issue also has a number of short, 1–2 page, 'pearls': quotations from books or articles pretending to present the reader with proper facts and explanations, while being full of basic errors. The editors explain what the errors are and what should have been written instead. At the back of each volume there is an English title-page, and English summaries of the main articles.
The present editors are Yehuda Friedlander, John Glucker, Alon Harel, Doron Mendels, and Amos Edelheit.

</doc>
<doc id="20811276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811276" title="Atlético Juventud">
Atlético Juventud

Atlético Juventud Girardot was a Colombian football (soccer) team, based in Girardot, Colombia. The club was founded in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20811277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811277" title="Guillermo Fernández Vara">
Guillermo Fernández Vara

Guillermo Fernández Vara (Olivenza, 1958) is a Spanish politician from the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party who served as the President of Extremadura from 2007 to 2011. Fernández had previously served as Minister for Health (1995 to 1996) and Social Security (1996 to 1999) in Extremaduran regional governments.
He studied medicine at University of Córdoba.

</doc>
<doc id="20811291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811291" title="Cylichna">
Cylichna

Cylichna is a genus of sea snails or bubble snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cylichnidae, the "chalice bubble snails".
Species.
Species within the genus "Cylichna" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20811305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811305" title="John D. Wallace">
John D. Wallace

John D. Wallace (born March 26, 1949) is a Canadian politician and a Conservative member of the Canadian Senate. On December 22, 2008, it was announced that he would be appointed on the advice of Stephen Harper to the Senate. He assumed office on January 2, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20811326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811326" title="Ketchum Sun Valley Historical Society Heritage &amp; Ski Museum">
Ketchum Sun Valley Historical Society Heritage &amp; Ski Museum

Ketchum Sun Valley Historical Society Heritage & Ski Museum is the official museum of Ketchum Sun Valley located in Ketchum, Idaho. Founded in 1995, it has collections in skiing, mining Sun Valley, sheep, and Hemingway. Additionally, it contains an archive of documents and Historical photographs.
The Mission statement for the Museum is:
The Ketchum Sun Valley Historical Society Heritage & Ski Museum is dedicated to preserving and interpreting the cultural, recreational, social, natural, economic and environmental heritage of the Wood River Valley and its surrounding areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20811328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811328" title="'97 Bonnie &amp; Clyde">
'97 Bonnie &amp; Clyde

"'97 Bonnie & Clyde" is a song by American rapper Eminem. The song is about his ex-wife Kim Mathers, who he buries her along with his daughter, in the sequel to the song Kim.
The song appears on Slim Shady EP (as "Just The Two Of Us") & The Slim Shady LP
Critical response.
Allmusic critic highlighted and praised the song: "notorious track where he imagines killing his wife and then disposing of the body with his baby daughter in tow" and critic noted that this song is connected with Eminem's life struggles. Steve 'Flash' Juon called the remix bad and he continued: "the new one (remix version) is lifeless and oddly out of place among an album full of mostly dope cuts." Rob Sheffield wrote: "the wife-killing jokes of "'97 Bonnie and Clyde" aren't any funnier than Garth Brooks'." Piero Scruffi described the lyrics: "his questionable antisocial preaching his perverted fantasies, which frequently involve his own daughter (97' Bonnie & Clyde, in which his baby's mother gets killed and the baby helps him throw the body in the ocean, Bad Meets Evil)." Entertainment Weekly wrote a positive opinion: "In the album's funniest slice of black humor, a smart-ass parody of Will Smith's unctuous "Just the Two of Us" called "97' Bonnie & Clyde," Eminem and his baby daughter take a pleasant drive to a lake — into which he tosses the dead body of the child's mother. Sending up the gooey sentiments and pop melody of the Smith hit, Eminem raps: "Mama said she wants to show you how far she can float/And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat."

</doc>
<doc id="20811348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811348" title="Ibrahim Koné">
Ibrahim Koné

Ibrahim Koné (born 5 December 1989 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian football goalkeeper currently playing for French Ligue 1 side US Boulogne.
Career.
Koné began his career with CF Excellence and joined later to Côte d'Ivoire Premier Division side AS Odienné in his native Côte d'Ivoire. He was in January 2008 on trial for several weeks with Rosenborg BK in Trondheim and was with those in a trainings camp in Gran Canaria. On 19 July 2008 left Denguelé Sports d'Odienné and joined on trial to Paris Saint-Germain FC, later signed for US Boulogne. Koné played his debut on 23 September 2009 against Paris Saint-Germain FC in the Coupe de la Ligue, he stayed 90 minutes on the field.
International career.
Koné presented his country at 2007 Toulon Tournament who was voted as the best goalkeeper and was formerly the back up keeper at 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20811351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811351" title="Arion occultus">
Arion occultus

Arion occultus is a species of small air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs.
This recently recognized species is part of the ""Arion hortensis" group" of species. It somewhat resembles "Arion distinctus" in general appearance, and also resembles "Arion alpinus", but the internal anatomy of the reproductive system is different. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20811362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811362" title="Dar Al-Uloom Colleges">
Dar Al-Uloom Colleges

Dar Al-Uloom University is a Saudi Arabian higher-education institution based in Riyadh, which was established in the autumn of 2008 to help meet the kingdom's burgeoning demand for quality tertiary education. The stated mission of DAU is "To provide a high quality education and training programme that will be of value to the community and of particular relevance to today's world". All degree courses are taught mainly through the medium of English.
Departments.
Initially, there were four colleges within the university:
All fully accredited by the Saudi Arabian Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE). In 2009 a fifth college, the College of Architectural Engineering & Digital Design was also accredited. In addition, the university operates a comprehensive Preparatory Year Programme, which has been designed to provide all incoming students with the requisite English language, mathematical, computing and study skills.

</doc>
<doc id="20811377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811377" title="P.D. Mehigan">
P.D. Mehigan

Patrick D. Mehigan (17 March 1884 - 5 December 1965) was an Irish sportsperson and journalist. Born in Ardfield, County Cork, he played hurling with Robert Emmets GAA and with the London senior inter-county team in the early 1900s. Mehigan later served as the leading Gaelic games journalist from the 1920s until the 1940s. He wrote several histories of the Gaelic Athletic Association and was correspondent for the "Cork Examiner" under the pseudonym Carbery. Mehigan also wrote for "The Irish Times" under the byline Pato.

</doc>
<doc id="20811397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811397" title="D-IX">
D-IX

D-IX was a cocaine-based experimental drug cocktail developed by the Nazis in 1944 for military application. Nazi doctors found that equipment-laden test subjects who had taken the drug could march 88.5 kilometers (55 miles) without resting before they collapsed. 
Each tablet contained 5 mg of oxycodone (brand name Eukodal), 5 mg of cocaine and 3 mg of methamphetamine (then called Pervitin, now available under the brandname Desoxyn).
The researcher who uncovered the project, Wolf Kemper, said: "The aim was to use D-IX to redefine the limits of human endurance." Test subjects could march in a circle for up to 90 kilometers per day without rest while carrying a 20 kilogram backpack.
Nazi doctors were enthusiastic about the results, and planned to supply all German troops with the pills, but the war ended before D-IX could be put into mass production, though it did see limited use among a handful of Neger and Biber pilots.

</doc>
<doc id="20811402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811402" title="Galeotti">
Galeotti

Galeotti is a surname, and may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="20811414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811414" title="Get Rich Slowly">
Get Rich Slowly

Get Rich Slowly is an American blog and website covering various aspects of personal finance created and written by J.D. Roth. While the blog has advice on many personal finance topics, one recurring theme is Roth's own financial history. The website includes an internet forum for discussion of personal finance matters outside of blog comment threads.
The blog has been featured and cited in various media outlets including The Wall Street Journal. and The New York Times

</doc>
<doc id="20811415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811415" title="Cephalic presentation">
Cephalic presentation

A cephalic presentation is a situation at childbirth where the fetus is in a longitudinal lie and the head enters the pelvis first; the most common form of cephalic presentation is the vertex presentation where the occiput is the leading part (the part that first enters the birth canal). All other presentations are abnormal (malpresentations) which are either more difficult to deliver or not deliverable by natural means.
Engagement.
The movement of the fetus to cephalic presentation is called "head engagement". It occurs in the third trimester. In head engamenent, the fetal head descends into the pelvic cavity so that only a small part (or none) of it can be felt abdominally. The perineum and cervix are further flattened and the head may be felt vaginally. Head engagement is known colloquially as the "baby drop", and in natural medicine as the "lightening" because of the release of pressure on the upper abdomen and renewed ease in breathing. However, it severely reduces bladder capacity, increases pressure on the pelvic floor and the rectum, and the mother may experience the perpetual sensation that the fetus will "fall out" at any moment.
Classification.
In the vertex presentation the head is flexed and the occiput leads the way. This is the most common configuration and seen at term in 95% of singletons. If the head is extended, the face becomes the leading part. Face presentations account for less than 1% of presentations at term. In the sinicipital presentation the large fontanelle is the presenting part; with further labor the head will either flex or extend more so that in the end this presentation leads to a vertex or face presentation. In the brow presentation the head is slightly extended, but less than in the face presentation. The chin presentation is a variant of the face presentation with maximum extension of the head.
Non-cephalic presentations are the breech presentation (3.5%) and the shoulder presentation (0.5%).
Vertex presentation.
The vertex is the area of the vault bounded anteriorly by the anterior fontanelle and the coronal suture, posteriorly by the posterior fontanelle and the lambdoid suture and laterally by 2 lines passing through the parietal eminences.
In the vertex presentation the occiput typically is anterior and thus in an optimal position to negotiate the pelvic curve by extending the head. In an occiput posterior position, labor becomes prolonged and more operative interventions are deemed necessary. The prevalence of the persistent occiput posterior is given as 4.7 %
The vertex presentations are further classified according the position of the occiput, it being right, left, or transverse, and anterior or posterior: 
The Occipito-Anterior position is ideal for birth - it means that the baby is lined up so as to fit through the pelvis as easily as possible. The baby is head down, facing the spine, with his back on one side of the front of the tummie. In this position, the baby's chin is tucked onto his chest, so that the smallest part of his head will be applied to the cervix first. The position is usually 'Left Occiput Anterior' or LOA - occasionally the baby may be Right Occiput Anterior or ROA.
Face presentation.
Factors that predispose to face presentation are prematurity, macrosomia, anencephaly and other malformations, cephalopelvic disproportion, and polyhydramnios. In an uncomplicated face presentation duration of labor is not altered. Perinatal losses with face presentation occur with traumatic version and extraction and midforceps procedures Duff indicates that the prevalence of face presentations is about 1/500–600., while Benedetti et al. found it to be 1/1,250 term deliveries.
Face presentations are classified according to the position of the chin (mentum):
Brow presentation.
While some consider the brow presentation as an intermediate stage towards the face presentation, others disagree. Thus Bhal et al. indicated that both conditions are about equally common (1/994 face and 1/755 brow positions), and that prematurity was more common with face while postmaturity was more common with brow positions.
Reasons for predominance.
The piriform (pear-shaped) morphology of the uterus has been given as the major cause for the finding that most singletons favor the cephalic presentation at term. The fundus is larger and thus a fetus will adapt its position so that the bulkier and more movable podalic pole makes use of it, while the head moves to the opposite site. Factors that influence this positioning include the gestational age (earlier in gestation breech presentations are more common as the head is relatively bigger), size of the head, malformations, amount of amniotic fluid, presence of multiple gestations, presence of tumors, and others.
Two-thirds of all vertex presentations are LOA, possibly because of the asymmetry created by the descending colon that is on the left side of the pelvis.
Diagnosis.
Usually performing the Leopold maneuvers will demonstrate the presentation and possibly the position of the fetus. Ultrasound examination delivers the precise diagnosis and may indicate possible causes of a malpresentation. On vaginal examination, the leading part of the fetus becomes identifiable after the amniotic sac has been broken and the head is descending in the pelvis.
Management.
Many factors determine the optimal way to deliver a baby. A vertex presentation is the ideal situation for a vaginal birth, however, occiput posterior positions tend to proceed more slowly, often requiring an intervention in the form of forceps, vacuum extraction, or Cesarean section. In a large study, a majority of brow presentations were delivered by Cesarean section, however, because of 'postmaturity', factors other than labour dynamics may have played a role. Most face presentations can be delivered vaginally as long as the chin is anterior; there is no increase in fetal or maternal mortality. Mento-posterior positions cannot be delivered vaginally in most cases (unless rotated) and are candidates for Cesarean section in contemporary management.

</doc>
<doc id="20811436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811436" title="Lauren Scala">
Lauren Scala

Lauren Scala (born February 10, 1982) is a television reporter based in New York City. She currently serves as the traffic reporter on WNBC's "Today in New York" and as a features reporter/host for the station's daily lifestyle show "New York Live." From 2010 until 2012, Lauren has been the host of WNBC's Live Interactive Trivia Game on the Saturday edition of Today in New York' during the 9am broadcast. 
She also currently hosts a half hour show called "In the Wings," which is a backstage guide to everything Broadway that appears on NBC NY Nonstop and is an East Coast Entertainment Correspondent for EPIX News.
Scala previously hosted several other half hour shows for NBC's digital cable channel New York Nonstop, including "Don't Miss This" a collaboration with Time Out New York Magazine, "The Great American Health Challenge", New York City's first local fitness-themed reality competition show, and "Nonstop Sound," a show about music in the big apple. 
She began her hosting career at Time Out New York "On Demand", where she also worked as an associate producer on several hundred New York City based lifestyle video segments before the channel concluded. She was the co-host of NYCTV's entertainment news roundup "City Scoop" until January 2010. She is also a member of the prestigious New York Women in Film and Television (NYWIFT).
In 2009, Scala hosted the official broadcast of the 52nd Annual New York Emmy Awards, which aired Thursday, April 9, 2009 on NYCTV, a division of NYC Media Group.
Prior to her on-air career, Lauren worked at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and DreamWorks Pictures in movie studio publicity and events. 
Scala grew up in Mineola, New York, and attended Mineola High School.
She also attended Fordham University.

</doc>
<doc id="20811437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811437" title="Domus Galilaeae">
Domus Galilaeae

Domus Galilaeae or House of Galilee (), located on the peak of Mount of Beatitudes, above and north of Capernaum and the Sea of Galilee, is a Christian meeting place used for seminars and conventions. On his pilgrimage to Israel in 2000, Pope John Paul II visited Domus Galilaeae and said he hoped it would become a place for interreligious dialogue. 
History.
Run by the Catholic organisation Neocatechumenal Way, Domus Galilaeae employs about 150 persons full-time, including laborers, technicians, and volunteers. There are 37 Arab Christian workers, 32 Arab Muslims, 20 Druzes, 10 Maronites, and 21 Hebrew technicians.
The building was constructed in a short period of time, with the first stone being laid in January 1999 and the opening of the site taking place in 2000. It was inaugurated by the Pope John Paul II in his Millennium visit to the Holy Land. In the center of the library is an ancient Torah. The architect used both polished sandstone and colombino, with great attention to detail. 
The center is envisaged as a place where Christians will learn about the living tradition of Israel, following the footsteps of early Christian saints "who returned to their Hebrew roots to understand the meaning of prayer, of feasts, and Hebrew liturgies". John Paul II, who exemplified a new era of affinity between Catholics and Jews, emphasized the need to appreciate Jewish roots in order to live-out authentic Christianity; he explicitly endorsed the continuing life and vitality of the Jewish faith and prayed for Jewish continuance.

</doc>
<doc id="20811443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811443" title="List of universities in Zambia">
List of universities in Zambia

This is a list of universities in Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="20811454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811454" title="Emily Bear">
Emily Bear

Emily Bear (born August 30, 2001) is an American composer and pianist, who has achieved wide notice at an early age. After beginning to compose and play piano as a small child, Bear has played with orchestras in the U.S., Europe and Asia, at such venues as Carnegie Hall and the Hollywood Bowl. She released her first studio album in 2013, produced by her mentor, Quincy Jones.
Life and career.
Bear was born and raised in Rockford, Illinois, the youngest of three children of Brian, an orthopedic surgeon, and Andrea Bear, and is home schooled. When Bear was two years old, her grandmother recognized her talent at the piano. Bear began to study with Emilio del Rosario at the Music Institute of Chicago. Within four years, she was enrolled at the Winnetka campus to study classical music. Bear started to compose music at the age of three. By the age of eight, she had composed more than 350 pieces. For her piece "Northern Lights", she won the ASCAP Foundation Morton Gould Young Composer Award for composers under 18 years of age. She also won the Rockford Area Music Industry Award (RAMI). Bear debuted at the Ravinia Festival at age 5.
Bear has made six appearances on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", played at the White House for President George W. Bush, at the age of six, and performed Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 23 with the Champaign-Urbana Symphony Orchestra.
Bear made her debut at Carnegie Hall in 2010 at age 9. In 2011, she appeared at the Hollywood Bowl before more than 11,000 people, where she played a medley of her own arrangement, “The Bumble Boogie” and performed “Miss Celie’s Blues” (from the score of The Color Purple) with singers Gloria Estefan, Patti Austin, Siedah Garrett and Nikki Yanofsky. That summer, Quincy Jones presented Bear at the 45th Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland and the Festival Castell in Peralada, Spain where she performed solo as well as with Esperanza Spalding. Bear's mentor Quincy Jones stated: "I am at once astounded and inspired by the enormous talent that Emily embodies. ... She is the complete 360-degree package, and there are no limits to the musical heights that she can reach."
Since age six, Bear has studied classical piano with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra’s principal keyboardist Mary Sauer and also studies with Veda Kaplinsky, head of the piano department at Juilliard. She studies jazz improvisation with Alan Swain and composing with Ron Sadoff, head of New York University Film Scoring Department. Bear continues to compose prolifically and particularly enjoys composing for film.
Released in May 2013, "Diversity", a jazz album on the Concord Records label, produced by Quincy Jones, was recorded at Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles. Bear composed all of the music on the album. The album peaked at #3 on Billboard's Traditional Jazz Albums chart.
Dates and performances.
Source: Emily Bear's Official homepage

</doc>
<doc id="20811457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811457" title="Michel Rivard (politician)">
Michel Rivard (politician)

Michel Rivard (born August 7, 1941) is a Canadian politician, senator, and former member of the National Assembly of Quebec.
Career.
Rivard holds a certificate in administrative sciences from Université Laval. Throughout the 1970s he held various managerial positions in the Quebec business world.
From 1980 to 1984 he was mayor of Beauport, and from 1985 to 1988 he was director of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities. From 1991 to 1994 he served on the executive committee of the Society of Economic Development for the Region of Quebec. 
In the 1994 Quebec election, Rivard ran in the riding of Limoilou representing the Parti Québécois and was elected. He served in various backbench roles in the PQ government, including as Assistant to the Minister responsible for the Quebec region (from January 19, 1996 to October 28, 1998). As a PQ member he campaigned for Quebec sovereignty during the 1995 Quebec referendum.
In the 1998 election, Rivard lost his seat to Liberal candidate Michel Després.
In the 2000 Canadian federal election, he attempted a political comeback running in the riding of Québec under the banner of the Canadian Alliance, a considerable departure from his previous political affiliation. He lost to Bloc Québécois candidate Christiane Gagnon.
In December 2008 he was appointed to the Senate of Canada as a Conservative by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper.

</doc>
<doc id="20811527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811527" title="Joe Stanley (disambiguation)">
Joe Stanley (disambiguation)

Joe Stanley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20811538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811538" title="Fandon, Illinois">
Fandon, Illinois

Fandon is an unincorporated community in Chalmers Township, McDonough County, Illinois, United States. The community is also known as Middletown. The nearest city to Fandon is Colchester. Fandon does not have its own post office and is part of Colchester's ZIP code. Formerly, it had Zip Code 62335.
History.
Fandon was established in 1837 by Major John Patrick and James Edmonston. It was originally called Middletown because it was the central point between Beardstown and Burlington. When citizens of McDonough County organized the Forgottonia secession movement in the 1970s, Fandon was named its capital.
How the States Got Their Shapes (2011).
In 2011, The History Channel series "How the States Got Their Shapes" focused its third episode to the historic inequality given to the Illinois region known as Forgottonia which was a region that considered seceding from the rest of Illinois and to hold their capital at Fandon.

</doc>
<doc id="20811541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811541" title="Orange production in Brazil">
Orange production in Brazil

Orange production in Brazil is responsible for a 59% share of the world market (2005). 
In 2004 Brazil produced 1.4 million tonnes of oranges annually, compared to 709,000 tonnes in the United States. Brazil is the world's largest producer of orange juice.
The Brazil Association for Citrus Exporters operates in the country.
The state of São Paulo responds, alone, with a total of 79% of all orange production in the country, which in turn is the largest producer and exporter of orange juice, accounting for half of world production, of which 97% are intended for export.
Brazil and United States are the world's largest producers of citrus, with 45% of the total, which still stand South Africa, Spain and Israel, said the fresh orange and tangerines.

</doc>
<doc id="20811549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811549" title="Burn It to the Ground">
Burn It to the Ground

"Burn It to the Ground" is the fourth U.S. single (fifth single in Canada after "I'd Come for You") released off of Canadian rock band Nickelback's sixth studio album "Dark Horse".
Promotional use.
It is featured on the soundtrack for "", and can be heard in the background during a party scene in the film. An instrumental version of the song was played when the Kansas City Royals' starting line-up was introduced during home games in 2009. The song was also used by the 2009 Colorado Rockies, and 2010 Baltimore Orioles as the players took the field. The song is also featured in video game "NHL 10," and was used as the theme song for "WWE Raw" from November 16, 2009, until August 6th, 2012. UFC fighter Ben Rothwell and former WWE superstar Carlito (now known as Carlitos Colon in Lucha Libre USA) has both used it at their entrance music. It was also featured in "Jersey Shore's" second season.
The song is also the touchdown song for the NFL's Cincinnati Bengals and Dallas Cowboys, the goal song for the NHL's New York Islanders and the AHL's Peoria Rivermen and the GOJHL's LaSalle Vipers, the start of the song plays before the opening faceoff for the Chicago Blackhawks and also the entrance theme for the AHL's Abbotsford Heat and was the entrance theme of Jonny Gomes of the Cincinnati Reds. It is also played at Madison Square Garden when the New York Rangers enter the ice from the locker room at the start of the second period.
The song is also featured in the trailer for the 2010 film "Date Night", it was also used for the presenter entrance for the "Top Gear Live" show. The song has also been used sporadically for the WHL's Kelowna Rockets and the SJHL's Flin Flon Bombers. An instrumental version of the song is used whenever the Boston Blazers have a Power Play opportunity. The song is also played in Speed Channel's ad for NASCAR Sprint All-Star Race XXVI.
Burn it to the Ground became the highest charting single of Nickelback in Finland and only the second Nickelback single to enter the Finnish Singles Chart, peaking at #7. Their first entry was How You Remind Me, which was released 8 years earlier (the song peaked at #18).
It was also recently used in the Formula One highlights for the Australian Grand Prix (2010) http://www.formula1.com/video/ as well as for the 2010 NASCAR commercials.
The instrumental version of the song was used to introduce the players of Team Staal led by Eric Staal at the 2011 NHL All-Star Game.
The song was featured as a playable track part of the Nickelback downloadable track pack for the video game "Rock Band".
The song debuted on August 14, 2010 as the new introduction song for the Seattle Seahawks.
They also played this on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" with When We Stand Together in 2011. In December 2011, they performed the song as part of the 2011 WWE Tribute to the Troops.
Song information.
On this ode to getting drunk, and "burning it to the ground," frontman Chad Kroeger sings about drinking "everything in sight." The song is a Def Leppard-style arena anthem, and one that Nickelback are currently performing on their Dark Horse World Tour, where Kroeger usually begins the song by saying "this song is the theme song of my life." 
The song is well known for its repeating chugging guitar riff and its aggressive vocals. It is one of Nickelback's much heavier singles, and one of their only songs in which seven-string guitars are used.
The song was nominated for Best Hard Rock Performance for the 52nd Grammy Awards but lost to AC/DC.
On February 28, 2010, Nickelback performed the song at the closing ceremony of the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. The performance helped the song to reach #2 on Canada's iTunes while the album reached also #2 in the top albums category almost a year and a half after its release.
Music video.
The video premiered on July 10, 2009. The video features the band on stage at the O2 Arena in London performing the song. The crowd shots are a mix of all of their Dark Horse Tour shows in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20811570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811570" title="Cleversticks">
Cleversticks

Cleversticks is a plastic construction toy manufactured in the UK.
The Cleversticks Construction System.
The original design manufactured in polypropylene used sticks with pairs of jaws on each end and rings, the jaws connect onto the body of the sticks or rings, The jaws also connected the sticks end to end. The resulting toy was best suited to young children; with these few components a wide range of models could be assembled.
Squares, Triangles, Rectangles and Hexagon shapes were later added to allow the toy to be used for sorting into sets; the toy could now be used in primary education.
Technical shapes were added to increase the complexity of the toy and appeal to older children.
The most resent additions utilise the new patented design manufactured in Acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) including wheels with tyres manufactured in Santoprene, a synthetic rubber.
Patent.
The first patent in the UK GB 8313507 has a priority date of May 17, 1983, a US patent No 4548590 was granted in October 1985. The most recent UK patent GB2417434 [http://www.wikipatents.com/gb/2417434.html was granted on February 24, 2009.
Registered Design.
The following registered designs have also been obtained UK No 2066049, UK No 2106334, Ger No 40204339.1, Aus 1447/2002 and UK No 3019498.
Trademark.
The name CLEVERSTICKS was registered under the No 1557320 [http://www.ipo.gov.uk/types/tm/t-os/t-find/t-find-number?detailsrequested=C&trademark=1557320] as a GB trade mark in December 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20811575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811575" title="Calved">
Calved


</doc>
<doc id="20811578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811578" title="Departed">
Departed

Departed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20811583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811583" title="Città di Como Challenger">
Città di Como Challenger

The Città di Como Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Como, Italy since 2006. The event is part of the "ATP challenger series and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20811599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811599" title="Pardis Parker">
Pardis Parker

Pardis Parker is an award-winning director, writer, actor, and comedian.
His work has screened at over 150 film festivals worldwide and received over 80 awards and nominations, he's appeared on TV and in films in the United States and Canada, and he's a regular performer at the Hollywood Improv, Hollywood Laugh Factory, and World Famous Comedy Store.
Stand-up Comedy.
A six-time Canadian Comedy Award nominee and a finalist for Canada's Next Top Comic and Bite TV's Stand Up and Bite Me, Parker recently won British star David Baddiel's international stand-up competition and previously became the first Canadian ever to book the CBS Diversity Showcase.
Parker has had multiple stand-up comedy performances broadcast on TV and radio, and he is a regular performer at the Hollywood Improv, Hollywood Laugh Factory, and World Famous Comedy Store.
Acting.
Parker has received multiple Best Actor nominations for his work in The Dance and Afghan, and has appeared on television and in film on both sides of the border, including Combat Hospital on ABC, Little Mosque on the Prairie on CBC, Single White Spenny and Moderation Town on Showcase, Really Me on The Family Channel, and the indie drama Snow.
Writing and Directing.
Parker's films and music videos, including The Dance, Afghan, and Two Men, Two Cows, Two Guns, have screened at over 150 film festivals worldwide and received over 80 awards and nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="20811607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811607" title="Halim Malkoč">
Halim Malkoč

Halim Malkoč (12 August 1917 – 8 February 1947) was a Bosnian Muslim Imam and SS "Obersturmführer" in the Waffen-SS division Handschar, was the first Muslim awarded the German Iron Cross during World War II. He received the medal for his involvement in the suppression of the Villefranche-de-Rouergue mutiny of 1943.
Military career.
Malkoč was a young Imam in Bosnia when the war broke out. He "had served on active duty as an officer in the Yugoslav army and was a gifted military leader." In 1943 he joined the newly formed Waffen-SS Division "Handschar" and was initially appointed an Imam to the "SS-Gebirgs-Pioneer Bataillion 13". In July he and several other Bosnian ulema were sent to Dresden for an important three week ""Imam Training Course"" organised by SS Obergruppenführer Gottlob Berger and honorary SS officer Mohammad Amin al-Husayni, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem. Classes included lessons on ""The Waffen-SS: Its Organization and Ranks"" and German language tuition. There were also excursions to the Berlin Opera and the Babelsberg castle, Potsdam and the Nicholaisee.
Villefranche-de-Rouergue.
During training, Communist ""agents provocateurs"" in the Division staged a mutiny on 17 September near Villefranche-de-Rouergue in France in which several SS officers were executed. A German called Dr. Schweiger turned to Malkoč for help. The Imam eventually persuading the men to surrender and disarm. A report stated, "To complete this task the doctor sought the assistance of Imam Malkoč, who proved to be quite helpful, demanding complete obedience from the troops."
In recognition of his services he was awarded the Iron Cross, second Class, in October 1943. A year later he was appointed Imam for the entire Division after the first appointee, Imam Abdulah Muhasilović, deserted on 21 October 1944.
Death.
After the war, the new Communist government in Yugoslavia hanged Malkoč in Bihać on 8 February 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20811609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811609" title="Roberto Taylor">
Roberto Taylor

Roberto Taylor (born 28 August 1949) is a retired Guatemalan soccer midfielder who played one season in the American Soccer League and one in the North American Soccer League.
Club career.
Taylor grew up in Guatemala where he played for Tipografía Nacional and Cementos Novella.
USA.
In 1971, he entered South Central Community College, but did not play on soccer there. In 1973, he transferred to the University of New Havenwhere he played for Dr.Joe Machnik. He played 26 games for New Haven, scoring 25 goals and adding 8 assists. In 1976, he signed with the Connecticut Yankees of the American Soccer League. He finished the season with fourteen goals, putting him fourth in the league in scoring. He also garnered Rookie of the Year recognition. In 1977, he moved to the Hartford Bicentennials of the first division North American Soccer League. His career was cut short after a 1977 automobile accident left him unable to play.
He was inducted into the Hew Haven Hall of Fame in 1984 and the Connecticut Soccer Hall of Fame in 2008.
Retirement.
He owns the Roberto Taylor Insurance Agency in New Haven. He coached high school soccer at Mark T. Sheehan High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20811613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811613" title="Gabriela Pando">
Gabriela Pando

Gabriela Pando (born March 9, 1970) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, after having won the gold medal the previous year at the 1995 Pan American Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20811623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811623" title="Nature et Paysages">
Nature et Paysages

Nature et Paysages, also known as the Jardin Carnivore, is a botanical garden specializing in carnivorous plants. It is located in Peyrusse-Massas, Gers, Midi-Pyrénées, France, and open daily except Tuesdays and Wednesdays in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was created in 1986 by Jean-Jacques Labat. In 1995 it was designated a national collection of carnivorous plants by the "Conservatoire des Collections Végétales Spécialisées" (CCVS), in 1999 was recognized by the "Jardins botaniques de France et des pays francophones", and in 2003 opened to the public. Today the garden contains about 500 species of carnivorous plants, out of approximately 600 identified across the world, grown within a set of bogs and swamps. It describes itself as one of the largest such collections in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20811631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811631" title="Weplay">
Weplay

Weplay, an American online community site for young athletes, parents, coaches, families and teams involved in youth sports, launched in March 2008. The venture was conceived as a joint venture between Creative Artists Agency, the venture capital arm of New York-based hedge fund Pequot Capital (now known as FirstMark Capital) and MLB Advanced Media, Internet arm of Major League Baseball. In 2013, TeamSnap Inc. acquired the assets of Weplay for an undisclosed amount. TeamSnap is an online service used by 5 million+ people around the world to manage their sports teams, activities, groups and organizations. 
Features.
The athletes who join the site are able to set up their profiles with pictures, exchange communication with other friends on the network, upload videos of sports events, and play games. It also provides a team management application for parents and coache
Professional Athletes.
Professional athletes such as Derek Jeter, LeBron James, Peyton Manning and Jennie Finch are weplay members with their own unique profiles. Several of the athletes have a financial stake in the company.
The pro athletes on weplay have real profiles that they maintain, which includes updated blogs, a media gallery of youth sports photos and videos, weekly Q&As with fans as well as self-created group profiles that let other site members meet connect through shared interests. Jennie Finch recognizes her favorite softball teams on a weekly basis while Peyton Manning is using weplay to champion his cause to make football an officially recognized Olympic sport. The current roster of weplay athletes includes:
Skills and Drills Library.
In March 2009, Weplay launched its Skills and Drills library. By partnering with Adidas, Amateur Softball Association, MLB, leading online drill providers and leveraging their footage with the Weplay Pros, Weplay has Skills and Drills libraries for softball, baseball and soccer. Drill libraries include several hundred videos, 3D Simulations and documents broken down by skill level and skill type by sport.
The Company.
The company launched as a startup in late 2007 under the name ‘Made the Cut,’ and changed to Weplay at launch in March 2008. Weplay is headquartered in New York City with a west coast office located in Long Beach, California. Stephen Hansen (Geocities, Universal) serves as CEO. 
Weplay has already partnered with several national youth sports organizations, including Pop Warner (football), the Amateur Softball Association, the Positive Coaching Alliance and the National Association of State Games. The exclusive partnerships make weplay the official social network service provider and partner for some of these YSOs.
Weplay raised another $8.6M in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20811657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811657" title="Julieta Castellán">
Julieta Castellán

Julieta Castellán Goytia (born August 25, 1972) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, after having won the gold medal the previous year at the 1995 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20811658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811658" title="2000–01 Iranian Basketball Super League">
2000–01 Iranian Basketball Super League

The following is the final results of the Iran Super League 2000/01 basketball season.

</doc>
<doc id="20811665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811665" title="320 mm Type 98 mortar">
320 mm Type 98 mortar

The 320 mm Type 98 mortar (Kyūhachi-shiki-kyūhō = Type98 mortar), known by the nickname "Ghost rockets", was an artillery weapon used by the Japanese military during World War II, especially during the Battle of Iwo Jima.
Specifications.
The launchers consisted of a steel tube closed at one end by a steel baseplate, resting on a wooden platform. The , , shells fit around and on top of the tube, instead of being dropped inside, comprising a type of spigot mortar. The range of each shot was adjusted by adding different size powder charges at the base of the round. The barrels could only handle five or six shots apiece before becoming damaged and unusable. When used in large groups, as was often done, it produced a fearsome effect known as "the screaming Jesus" to U.S. Marines. To absorb the massive recoil caused by firing their projectiles, the mortar tubes were almost always placed up against a mound of dirt.
Use.
During World War II, the Japanese Imperial Army deployed somewhere between 12 and 24 320 mm mortars on Iwo Jima, as well as 24 on Bataan. The weapon was also used on Okinawa.
Iwo Jima.
Japanese officers believed the 320 mm spigot mortar's most effective method of employment was as a psychological weapon, intended to scare American soldiers more than inflict casualties. The shells left craters deep and wide, but caused relatively few casualties due to minimal fragmentation. The mortars were mainly operated by the 20th Independent Mortar Battalion. 
During the Iwo Jima campaign, many of the 12 to 24 launchers were placed inside the mouths of caves to protect them from American artillery bombardment, requiring the gun crews to live in the caves that housed their guns, like the infantry. Due to the relative difficulty involved in moving such a massive weapon system, their locations usually remained fixed during battles. During the campaign, the object of the gun crews seemed to be mainly to inflict psychological damage on the American troops instead of killing them.

</doc>
<doc id="20811682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811682" title="Gelukskroon transmitter">
Gelukskroon transmitter

Gelukskroon transmitter is a large FM-/TV-transmission facility near Pretoria, South Africa. It consists of several towers among them a partially guyed lattice tower standing on the roof of a building, which is the tallest tower of the facility, and a telecommunication tower built of concrete.

</doc>
<doc id="20811696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811696" title="Artillery Mountains">
Artillery Mountains

The Artillery Mountains are a mountain range in Mohave County in western Arizona. High point of the range is Artillery Peak, 2,917 feet (889 meters) above sea level. Artillery Peak is at coordinates N 34.36946 W 113.58160 .
Mineral resources of the Artillery Mountains include manganese, uranium and gold. Rocher Deboule Minerals drilled their Artillery Mountains Manganese property in 2008, and discovered a resource of 2,553,000 tonnes of 3.82% Mn.
High Desert Gold acquired the Artillery Peak gold project in western Arizona in 2008. The company believes the site has the potential to "develop into a bulk mineable target".
At Uranium Energy's Artillery Peak uranium project, the firm hopes to discover a uranium deposit similar to the nearby Anderson Mine, which has a published reserve of 27 million pounds of uranium, in addition to a uranium resource of 70 million pounds, and another 80 million pounds of vanadium.

</doc>
<doc id="20811707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811707" title="1967 Cannes Film Festival">
1967 Cannes Film Festival

The 20th Cannes Film Festival was held from 27 April to 12 May 1967. The Grand Prix du Festival International du Film went to the "Blowup" by Michelangelo Antonioni. The festival opened with "J'ai tué Raspoutine", directed by Robert Hossein and closed with "Batouk", directed by Jean Jacques Manigot.

</doc>
<doc id="20811716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811716" title="1999–2000 Iranian Basketball Super League">
1999–2000 Iranian Basketball Super League

The following is the final results of the Iran Super League 1999/2000 basketball season.

</doc>
<doc id="20811728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811728" title="Brain lesion theory">
Brain lesion theory

Brain lesion theory generally refers to the theory that brain tumors and seizures are associated with aggressive and/or violent behavior.
The theory states that people with damage or lesions to the ventromedial pre-frontal cortex are more inclined to display sociopathic behavior. 

</doc>
<doc id="20811737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811737" title="Silvia Corvalán">
Silvia Corvalán

Silvina ("Silvia") Corvalán Mayoral (born October 15, 1973) is a retired female field hockey defender from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, after having won the gold medal the previous year at the 1995 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20811767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811767" title="Albin Gurklis">
Albin Gurklis

Albin J. Gurklis (March 16, 1918 – October 31, 2008) was a member of the Order of the Marians of the Immaculate Conception and a noted mathematics teacher at Marianapolis Preparatory School.
Early life.
Albin J. Gurklis was born on March 16, 1918 to Dominick and Barbara Gurklis in a small home in Waterbury, Connecticut. When asked about his youth, Father Gurklis would reply that he "was small and not very good at math". Born into a Lithuanian family, he acquired his native tongue, speaking it along with American English.
College.
Young Albin entered the novitiate and was ordained a priest at Marianapolis College, now Marianapolis Preparatory School on August 8, 1943. After being admitted to the order of the Marians of the Immaculate Conception, Father Gurklis completed his fourth year of theology at Marianapolis. He then proceeded to the Marian Hills Seminary in Clarendon Hills, Illinois to complete his training. Father Gurklis, now with the title M.I.C., was admitted to Marquette University in Wisconsin to continue his studies in the area of mathematics attaining an M.S. in Mathematics in 1950 while completing a thesis paper on the Hexagramma Mysticum.
Marianapolis years.
After a brief period of ministry at Marian parishes across the US, Father Gurklis returned to his alma mater Marianapolis to teach his favorite subject: mathematics. Father Gurklis, affectionately known as "Father Gurks" or simply "Gurks" was a familiar sight on Marianapolis campus for the next 58 years. He taught Algebra I, Algebra II, Pre-Calculus, Geometry, and Calculus, and even held the position of department chair for several years. During those 58 years he taught over 2000 students and worked to make Marianapolis an environment which promoted "clear, rational thinking". He also served as Assistant Headmaster at Marianapolis as well as dorm prefect and house secretary. Father Gurklis had the ability to teach with his eyes partially closed in order to "see" the answer to the problem and by his early 70s was able to recite his lesson plans from memory, with the inclusion of blackboard examples. In January 2008, he retired at the age of 90 due to eye complications, bidding a solemn farewell to his educational career. However, Father Gurklis did not leave without a farewell party, which celebrated his accomplishments. During the ceremony, the faculty introduced the Father Gurklis Mathematics Award, intended to honor exemplary success in mathematics at Marianapolis.
Father Gurks was very proud of the achievements of his former students and certainly appreciated their visits after graduation. When asked one time about how he could remember so many former students, he replied “I never forget a student!”. Many Marinapolis graduates who have gone on to science and engineering careers credit Father Gurks with having given them the skills required to succeed in challenging college math courses.
Lithuanian community.
Despite his work at Marianapolis, Father Gurklis was able to allocate time to the ministry of his fellow Lithuanians by celebrating masses in Lithuanian at the Holy Trinity Church in Hartford, Connecticut. In addition, he also assisted the Sisters of the Immaculate Conception in Putnam, Connecticut and provided ministry work to Lithuanian-American communities all throughout Connecticut.
Death.
Father Gurklis suffered a massive heart attack on the night of October 30, 2008 and died a few hours later on the morning of Halloween. The following days saw a mass mourning at Marianapolis for the death of a beloved priest and teacher. Marians from all over the world came to pay their respects at Marianapolis and at Father Gurklis' funeral at the Eden Hill National Shrine of Divine Mercy. During the services Very Rev. Dan Cambra, MIC stated " we are dust, and unto dust we shall return " fulfilling Father Gurklis' belief that "it is what we do in life which makes us great". Father Gurklis is buried at the Marian cemetery in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
Famous quotes.
Father Gurklis possessed strong moral values and laws to which he lived his life by. This life-advice that he gave to his students became almost as important as the subject matter which he was teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="20811776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811776" title="Last Days of the Maya">
Last Days of the Maya

Last Days of the Maya, released to DVD under the title Royal Maya Massacre, is a 2005 television documentary film in the television series "Explorer", which currently airs on the National Geographic Channel.
The documentary tracks the discovery and excavation of two graves beneath the ruins of Cancuén, once a prominent Maya city-state.
The archaeological finds documented are notable as the "National Geographic" magazine presents them as evidence of the beginning of the end of the Maya city-states.
Plot.
The documentary tracks a joint National Geographic Society/Guatemalan Ministry of Culture funded expedition to discover whether there are any grave sites buried beneath the ruins of Cancuén, a city-state in the Petén Basin (modern-day Guatemala). The city rose to prominence during the forty year reign of King Taj Chan Ahk, and it is believed to have developed into an ancient trading centre linking the American continents. It is speculated there could be several mass graves in the temple district. 
The first twenty or so minutes of the documentary is vivid introductory footage showing the lay of the land, a re-enactment of a bartering market in Cancuén, the riches that would have been imported by the aristocrats of the city, and some of the finds already made. A further five minutes is spent covering the archaeologists searching for graves, before cutting to a site on the border of the city believed to contain a 12 m2 grave.
Leading the dig is American anthropologist Arthur Demarest, who had discovered evidence of a mass grave after beginning the excavation of Cancuén in 1999. Within a year of beginning work on reconstructing the royal palace, when the size of the complex was realised, he had plans to employ local Maya villagers as guides to a site for eco-tourism; these new finds had far wider implications and the Ministry of Culture gave Demarest a team of archaeologists schooled in the history of the Petén.
As Demarest's grave is gradually revealed to be a tiled pool, a type of tomb used for ritual killings, and the sheer number of victims becomes apparent—in all, the remains of 31 men, women and children are found—the archaeologists on site are given pause. The victims' demise had none of the hallmarks of traditional human sacrifices, and when the bones are examined by physical anthropologists it is discovered that they were not captured slaves at all but nobility. The shape of the child victims' skulls, with the foreheads compressed into the parietal to form a slender rise, is found exclusively in Maya children of noble birth.
They are more surprised by the state in which the victims had been buried. The motive was not murder, as they died wearing jade jewellery. Instead, individuals may have been hunted down and slaughtered because the attackers left their weapons with the corpses and viciously stabbed the children, many of whom were under the age of twelve (adulthood), in the back of the neck. One skeleton suggests that the blade entered under the mandible, implying the victim had been grabbed by the head and pulled back upon it, execution style.
After traces of a fetus are found, the narrator announces this can only be the extermination of a family. A grisly account is given of the decline of the Maya civilisaton. Within decades of a city-state collapsing displaced persons would sweep through the surrounding regions, preying upon merchants using largely unguarded trade routes, which led to the peasants turning traitor and causing widespread violence. There are several scenarios which could explain a revenge attack of this scale, but it seems most likely that the lower classes of Cancuén had revolted.
Half-way through the programme a royal burial is found 80 yards away from the pool, in the jungle outside of the city limits. The skeleton is identified as the remains of Kan Maax, a wealthy and powerful ruler of Cancuén who died around 800 AD, the same time as the royal family went extinct and approximately fifty years before the city was abandoned. It is observed that Maax had been buried in a shallow, unmarked grave "like a beggar", clear cut evidence that the killings were more than murder.
Investigation.
Scholars had recently come to believed Cancuén was not only a secular society, but that its rulers also avoided war—"bobbing and weaving" alliances.

</doc>
<doc id="20811781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811781" title="LeGrand Lockwood">
LeGrand Lockwood

LeGrand Lockwood (1820 – February 24, 1872), was a businessman and financier in New York City in the late 19h century. He built the Lockwood-Mathews mansion in Norwalk, Connecticut.
Lockwood was born in Norwalk. He began his career on Wall Street as a clerk for Shipman, Coming & Co. and later worked for T. Ketchum & Co. In 1843 he became junior partner at Genin & Lockwood before founding Lockwood & Company, one of Wall Street's leading brokerage houses, and was a longtime ally of Cornelius Vanderbilt. 
Lockwood was a director of the New York Central Railroad and treasurer of the New York Stock Exchange.
In the summer of 1869, Jay Gould, attempting to create a railroad empire with a connection from New York City to the Pacific coast, negotiated with Lockwood, the treasurer and, according to author Kenneth D. Ackerman, the "dominant figure" of the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway. "After hours of haggling over a dinner of oysters, wine and steak at Delmonico's late one August night", Ackerman wrote, Gould came to an agreement with Lockwood that Gould's railroad would build a line into New York City for the narrow-gauge cars used by Lockwood's company in return for westward connections. Lockwood agreed to the deal despite opposition from Vanderbilt, who was simultaneously trying to gain control of the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern by electing proxies to the board of directors.
Learning of the deal, Vanderbilt launched a raid on Lakeshore's stock, which sunk the price from $120 a share to $95 and put Lockwood in danger of personal bankruptcy. Lockwood began making plans to scuttle the deal with Fiske. He managed to sell his shares in Lakeshore to Vanderbilt for the bargain price of $10 million, turning over control of the company to him. 
In 1867, Lockwood commissioned Albert Bierstadt's "The Domes of the Yosemite", the artist's second great, monumental Yosemite work, for $25,000. It was the artist's largest canvas and sparked a critical debate when it first appeared at the Tenth Street Studio Building in New York. Lockwood hung the painting in the octagonal rotunda of his Norwalk, Connecticut, mansion. After Lockwood's death in 1872, the painting sold at auction for $5,100.Lockwood also bought works by Frederic Church, William Bradford, and Asher B. Durand.
Lockwood died in his Fifth-Avenue home in New York City on February 24, 1872. At his death he was a director of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and the principal owner of the Danbury and Norwalk Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20811822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811822" title="Simian shelf">
Simian shelf

The simian shelf is a bony thickening on the front of the ape mandible. Its function is to reinforce the jaw, though it also has the effect of considerably reducing the movement of the tongue by restricting the area available for muscles.
Humans are the only primates to have protruding chins, though some fossils of early humans show evidence of a simian shelf.

</doc>
<doc id="20811843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811843" title="Michael Derrington Murphy">
Michael Derrington Murphy

Dr. Michael (Mike) Derrington Murphy (born July 19, 1940) is a chemistry professor, bluegrass musician, and educator who founded the "Bama Bluegrass" Show in 1983. "Bama Bluegrass" is the first and longest running bluegrass show on Alabama public radio.
Education.
An author and teacher, Murphy has written a chemistry textbook and was awarded National Science Foundation grants for training elementary teachers. In the 1990s, Murphy was selected to participate in the Institute for Chemical Education (ICE) at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he earned his B.S. degree in secondary education. He earned a Master's degree in chemistry from the University of South Dakota in 1965 and a Ph.D. in chemistry and chemical education from the Ohio State University in 1972.
Murphy has been teaching chemistry and physical science at Northwest-Shoals Community College since 1983, and formed the college's first Bluegrass Jam Club in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20811859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811859" title="Erik Hajas">
Erik Hajas

Erik Hajas (born September 16, 1962) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Huddinge Municipality.
In 1988 he was a member of the Swedish handball team which finished fifth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored 21 goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal. He played six matches and scored 30 goals.
At the 1996 Games he won his second silver medal with the Swedish team. He played six matches and scored 30 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20811869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811869" title="Gadong Town">
Gadong Town

Gadong is an urban-suburb area in Brunei. Its population is around 45,000 (August 2010). Gadong is located in the central east of Brunei-Muara District It is only 5 km to Bandar Seri Begawan. Gadong is the largest metropolitan settlement area in Brunei and in Brunei-Muara District. It is an undisputed commercial centre for Bruneians young and old. Gadong bustles with activity day and night, especially on weekends. Brunei's only McDonald's outlet is also located at Gadong. Shopping centres such as Jaya Hypermart, Seri Q-Lap Mall, Sin Kew Hin, Sin Kim Huat, Seri Kenangan Complex, Teguh Raya and Hua Ho are all located within the area as well. Kiulap commercial precint is also part of Gadong Town.
Climate.
Gadong has a Tropical climate. Dry season is very hot and dry. Wet season is generally wet and warm with occasional thunderstorms.

</doc>
<doc id="20811873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811873" title="Strand Life Sciences">
Strand Life Sciences

Strand Life Sciences, formerly Strand Genomics, is a Bengaluru, India-based "in silico" technology company. Strand focuses in data mining, predictive modeling, computational chemistry, software engineering, bioinformatics, and research biology to develop software and services for life sciences research. Strand also offers custom solutions based on its intellectual property. In August 2007, Strand and Agilent Technologies, Inc. entered an agreement in which Strand develops and supports Agilent's GeneSpring software which Agilent obtained through Silicon Genetics acquisition in August 2004. In October 2010, Strand and Agilent renewed the agreement for Strand to expand the scope of Agilent's GeneSpring across multiple life sciences disciplines.
History.
Strand Life Sciences was founded in October 2000 by Professors Vijay Chandru, Ramesh Hariharan, Swami Manohar, and V. Vinay. It was registered as Strand Genomics, but was later renamed to Strand Life Sciences as it dealt with various other aspects of life sciences.
Software.
Avadis.
Avadis is a comprehensive data mining and visualization platform. It combines the power of scalable algorithms and dynamic interactive visualization. The platform was customized for various scientific domains like gene expression, next-generation sequencing, pre-clinical research, chemistry and healthcare.
Sarchitect.
Sarchitect is a platform for modeling and predicting drug-relevant properties of molecules in silico.
ArrayAssist.
ArrayAssist was developed for Stratagene, Inc., based on the Avadis platform. The production was stopped after Stratagene was acquired by Agilent Technologies, Inc. in 2007.
GeneSpring.
GeneSpring GX (version 9.0.0 onwards), GeneSpring Workgroup (version 7.0.0 onwards), and Mass Profiler Pro are developed by Strand's R&D division in Bangalore.
Avadis NGS.
Avadis NGS is a software platform for next-generation sequencing data analysis. It can import pre-aligned read sequences from sequencing platforms like Illumina, ABI, and 454 Life Sciences and supports fragment, paired-end and mate-pair library types. Aligned reads in SAM, BAM, BED or Eland formats can be imported into the tool.
Avadis NGS also allows users to perform quality control on the imported data and filter reads before the main analysis is performed. Version 1.1 of the tool supports three experiment types: ChIP-Seq, RNA-Seq, and DNA-Seq. Gene, transcript, SNP, homology, gene ontology (GO), and other annotations needed for analysis can be downloaded directly from the Avadis NGS website.
Visualization tools, namely Genome Browser, Gene View, and Variant Support View, are a key aspect of the software. Other visualizations available with tool are scatter plot, MvA plot, profile plot, histogram, heat map, box and whisker plot, and Venn diagram. Aided with visualizations, users a pictorial feel for statistical trends in the data.
Avadis NGS also provides access to organism-specific interaction databases containing relations between proteins, small molecules, enzymes, complexes, biological processes, molecular functions, and gene families. The two million interactions present in these databases can also be augmented by importing pathways in BioPAX format from Reactome, Cancer Cell Map, etc. Gene lists generated by analysis steps can be used as the starting point for many pathway analysis operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20811885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811885" title="Magnus Cato">
Magnus Cato

Jan Magnus Cato (born June 30, 1967) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gothenburg.
In 1992 he was a member of the Swedish handball team which won the silver medal. He played six matches and scored six goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20811894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811894" title="2009 FIA Formula Two Championship season">
2009 FIA Formula Two Championship season

The 2009 FIA Formula Two Championship season was the first year of the relaunched FIA Formula Two Championship. The championship began on 30 May at the Circuit de Valencia and finished on 1 November at the Circuit de Catalunya, after eight double-header rounds. Andy Soucek was a dominant champion, finishing over 50 points clear of runner-up Robert Wickens.
Background & championship format.
The series saw the drivers using a chassis that was built at the WilliamsF1 team's headquarters at Grove in Oxfordshire. It was named as the JPH1, incorporating the initials of series boss Jonathan Palmer and Patrick Head, engineering director for Williams. The car was given two shakedown tests at Palmer's Bedford Autodrome by Steven Kane, before the car was officially launched on 2 March at Brands Hatch – the headquarters of MotorSport Vision, who run all the cars in the series.
At each event there were two 30-minute practice sessions, two 30-minute qualifying sessions and two races of varying length; the distances for each announced prior to each race weekend. Points were awarded to the top eight drivers in the race, and were awarded in the same system as Formula One: 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1, and only a driver's best fourteen scores counted towards the championship. That said, no driver had to drop scores in the championship due to all of them having two or more non-points-scoring races.
The winner of the FIA Formula Two Championship receives a full test with the AT&T Williams F1 team, which will be run in such a way as to seriously evaluate the driver with regard to their potential as a Formula One driver. Drivers finishing in the first three places in the final classification of the Formula Two Championship qualify for an FIA Super Licence.
Drivers.
Driver changes.
† – Surtees was fatally injured after an accident, during the second race at the fourth round at Brands Hatch. Surtees' slot was filled by Ollie Hancock after round five.
Testing Results.
The first group test was held on 6 May, at Snetterton in Norfolk. In the morning, 21 of the series' 24 drivers were within a second of each other. Two sessions were held, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. There was another group test at Silverstone on 18 May, with two dry sessions and one wet session. Two other test days were held during the session, one at Donington Park, and one at Circuit de Catalunya.
Calendar.
The Formula Two calendar consists of eight rounds with two races at each event.

</doc>
<doc id="20811908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811908" title="Axel Sjöblad">
Axel Sjöblad

Axel Erland Sjöblad (born November 3, 1967) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Malmö.
In 1992 he was a member of the Swedish handball team which won the silver medal. He played all seven matches and scored five goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20811920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811920" title="Gabriel Perrone">
Gabriel Perrone

Gabriel Gustavo Perrone (born 1965 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine footballer who currently works as a coach.
Playing career.
As a Player Perrone played as a central defender and he started his career playing for Argentine giants River Plate where he played for two seasons from 1986 to 1988. Then he was transferred to Ferro Carril Oeste, where he stayed for another couple of seasons. He did not have great success as a player his career was ended by a Cruciate ligament injury after playing in the lower leagues with Atlanta and CD FAS of El Salvador.
Coaching career.
Perrone started his work as a football coach as the assistant manager to Carlos Griguol and then Daniel Bertoni for a number of top division teams in Argentina such as Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata and River Plate.
Perrone took the step up to first team coaching in Ecuador managing with relative success teams like Olmedo and Deportivo Cuenca. In the city of Riobamba coaching a very modest Olmedo he finished fourth at the end of the 2006 season, he was then hired by Deportivo Cuenca for the next two seasons. In Cuenca he managed to make his team a contender for the title and to qualify for the 2008 Copa Libertadores. In the 2008 season he was having a pretty good year qualifying early to the final stages of the Ecuadorian championship, but the club's financial problems were unsustainable and he resigned as its manager. Soon after he left many of his players followed him. It is said that when he left the club owed him hundreds of thousands of dollars in unpaid salary. 
Soon after he left Deportivo Cuenca, he initiated negotiations with Ecuadorian giants Emelec. Rumors were quickly dissipated and the club announced Perrone as its new coach for the next two seasons. Along with Perrone Emelec hired many of Deportivo Cuenca's best players like Javier Klimowicz, Marcelo Fleitas, Polo Wila, and Mariano Mina.
Perrone's teams are usually very organized and conservative, taking few risks in defense and being extremelly effective in attack. He is also very famous in Ecuador for having good vision and hiring unknown players that end up playing well. 
Before Ecuador's National Team officialized Sixto Vizuete as its head coach, the Ecuadorian press considered Perrone as the first candidate to take that job.
In 2011 Perrone became the coach of Rangers of Talca, team which was playing in Second Division of Chile, getting the second place of the championship, and then, go up to the Football First Division of Chile since 2012.
Personal life.
Perrone is married with one of the daughters of famous Argentine coach Carlos Griguol. He acted as a mentor for Perrone's coaching career and has even visited Perrone during some of his spells as coach in many of his teams. 
In January 2008 he had to be taken to a hospital for severe chest pains caused by stress. He stayed in the hospital in Cuenca for a couple of days after a cardiac problem was ruled out.

</doc>
<doc id="20811928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811928" title="Katia Noyes">
Katia Noyes

Katia Noyes is an American author whose works have appeared in many publications and anthologies. Her debut novel, "Crashing America", was a Book Sense Notable Book in 2005, and was chosen as one of the Ten Best Gay/Lesbian Books of 2005 by Amazon.com and the UK's Rainbow Network.
A third generation Californian who was raised on the Stanford University campus, Noyes lives in the Glen Park neighborhood of San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="20811938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811938" title="1998–99 Iranian Basketball Super League">
1998–99 Iranian Basketball Super League

The following is the final results of the Iran Super League 1998/1999 basketball season. This season is the 1st season since the establishment of the Iran Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20811940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811940" title="Euphorbia paralias">
Euphorbia paralias

Euphorbia paralias (sea spurge) is a species of "Euphorbia", native to Europe, northern Africa, and western Asia. 
It is a glaucous perennial plant growing up to 70 cm tall. The crowded leaves are elliptic-ovate (ovate toward the top of the stems) and 5 to 20 mm long.
The species is widely naturalised in Australia. It invades coastal areas, displacing local species and colonising open sand areas favoured by certain nesting birds.

</doc>
<doc id="20811949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811949" title="Suining Formation">
Suining Formation

The Suining Formation () is a geological formation in China whose strata date back to the Late Jurassic. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20811951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811951" title="Penglaizhen Formation">
Penglaizhen Formation

The Penglaizhen Formation () is a geological formation in Sichuan, China, whose strata date back to the Late Jurassic. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Indeterminate ornithschian tracks have been recovered from Penglaizhen outcrops in Sichuan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20811952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811952" title="Tuchengzi Formation">
Tuchengzi Formation

The Tuchengzi Formation () is a geological formation in China whose strata spans the Tithonian (Late Jurassic) to Berriasian (Early Cretaceous) ages. Dinosaur fossils, particularly footprints, have been found from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
The Tuchengzi Formation was deposited during a time of transition between the Daohugou Biota and the Jehol biota. The Tuchengzi represents a poorer, more arid climate that appears to have caused much of the Daohugou fauna to become extinct. They would later be replaced by the Jehol biota when conditions became more favorable to a diversity of terrestrial animal life. 
Indeterminate sauropod remains formerly attributed to the Mamenchisauridae and Brachiosauridae have been found in Liaoning, China. Theropod tracks, including those made by avialans, have been found in Liaoning, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20811953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811953" title="Shishugou Formation">
Shishugou Formation

The Shishugou Formation () is a geological formation in Xinjiang, China, whose strata date back to the Late Jurassic period. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation. (see Junggar Basin dinosaur trap). The Shishugou Formation is considered one of the most phylogenetically and trophically diverse middle to late Jurassic theropod fauna. 
The Wucaiwan Formation, once considered a separate, underlying formation, is now considered the lowest unit of the Shishugou Formation.
Fauna.
Ornithischians.
Undescribed stegosaur is present in the Wucaiwan member. Undescribed ornithopod is present in the Wucaiwan member. Undescribed ankylosaurs present in both upper Shishugou and Wucaiwan members.
Theropods.
Undescribed ornithomimosaur. Indeterminate tetanuran remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20811954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811954" title="Kalazha Formation">
Kalazha Formation

The Kalazha Formation is a geological formation in Xinjiang, China whose strata date back to the Late Jurassic. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20811955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811955" title="Hantong Formation">
Hantong Formation

The Hantong Formation is a geological formation in Asia whose strata date back to the Late Jurassic. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20811958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811958" title="2009 Kentucky Wildcats baseball team">
2009 Kentucky Wildcats baseball team

The 2009 Kentucky Wildcats baseball team represented the University of Kentucky in the sport of baseball during the 2009 college baseball season. The Wildcats competed in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). They played their home games at Cliff Hagan Stadium, on the university's Lexington, Kentucky campus. The team was coached by Gary Henderson, who was in his first season at Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="20811959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811959" title="Houcheng Formation">
Houcheng Formation

The Houcheng Formation is a geological formation in Hebei, China whose strata date back to the Late Jurassic. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20811960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811960" title="Meng-Yin Formation">
Meng-Yin Formation

The Meng-Yin Formation () is a geological formation in Shandong, China, whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous.
Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Indeterminate stegosaurid remains have been found in Shandong, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20811963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811963" title="Jardins de Coursiana">
Jardins de Coursiana

The Jardins de Coursiana, also known as the Arboretum Coursiana, are botanical gardens with an arboretum (6 hectares) located in La Romieu, Gers, Midi-Pyrénées, France. They are open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The arboretum was created in 1974 by eminent French botanist Gilbert Cours-Darne. In 2000 its Tilia collection (more than 60 taxa) was designated a national collection by the "Conservatoire des collections végétales spécialisées" (CCVS), in 2001 the garden of aromatic and medicinal plants was begun, and in 2005 the ensemble was designated a "Jardin remarquable" by the Minister of Culture.
Today the arboretum contains 700 species of trees and shrubs, including mature "Quercus robur" (200 years old), as well as "Aesculus californica", "Alnus cresmatogyne", "Davidia involucrata", "Firmiana simplex", "Parrotia persica", "Sassafras officinalis", "Tilia americana" nova, "Tilia chemnoui", and "Tilia henryana". The gardens also include an English garden, vegetable garden, and garden of aromatic and medicinal plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20811975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811975" title="Pierre Thorsson">
Pierre Thorsson

Pierre Roger Valdemar Thorsson (born June 21, 1966) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Linköping.
In 1992 he was a member of the Swedish handball team won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played six matches and scored 25 goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal again. He played six matches and scored 30 goals.
At the 2000 Games he won his third silver medal with the Swedish team. He played five matches and scored 13 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20811992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20811992" title="STCC – The Game">
STCC – The Game

STCC – The Game is an expansion pack to "RACE 07" developed by SimBin and features the 2008 Swedish Touring Car Championship Season and its (real-life) support series, the Camaro Cup. It is available in a boxed DVD format in Scandinavia and available worldwide via Steam. For customers who do not already own "RACE 07", the game includes all the content from that game.
Vehicles.
As previously mentioned, the expansion adds the STCC and Camaro Cup Classes to "RACE 07".
Tracks.
The Expansion includes all tracks used in the 2008 season.
Modding.
Other SimBin titles have a large following of dedicated sim-racers and modders. This means that there is a large number of mods and tracks available for previous SimBin titles which should be easily modded to the new game. All mods available for "RACE 07" will work for "STCC – The Game".

</doc>
<doc id="20812017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812017" title="123rd meridian west">
123rd meridian west

The meridian 123° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 123rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 57th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 123rd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20812022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812022" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1964–1969">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1964–1969

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 2 May 1964 election and the 10 May 1969 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20812023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812023" title="Handy Cross roundabout">
Handy Cross roundabout

Handy Cross roundabout is a major road interchange near High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire in south-east England. Its name is derived from the neighbouring hamlet of Handy Cross. It is the principal motorway junction for High Wycombe and the junction between the M40 motorway and the A404 dual-carriageway. It is also the terminus of the A4010 which runs to Aylesbury.
History.
The first section of the M40 to open was the section between junctions 4 and 5 in 1967, construction starting in 1964. The 1967 finished roundabout allowed interchange between the M40, the A404 to Marlow, the A404 into central High Wycombe and a minor residential street. The first alteration came in 1972 with the construction of the Marlow bypass (as the A404- the old A404 was downgraded to un-classified). Further urbanisation to the west of the roundabout led to another exit for the roundabout to Cressex and on through Wycombe to the A40-the new road was given the A4010 road number.
In 2006, the Highways Agency constructed several improvements to the roundabout including a cut-through, bypassing the three northern exits and a new slip road from the A404 to the M40 westbound.
Roads served.
The M40 meets the roundabout numbered as junction 4, temporarily dropping to dual two lane through the junction. The A404 road is dual-carriageway on both sides of the junction, although only the section south into Berkshire has primary status. The northern part goes on into High Wycombe town centre as a non-primary A-road. The only other classified road to meet the roundabout is the A4010 which leads on through the suburb of Cressex and on to Aylesbury. The other two roads are unclassified, one being the original road to Marlow and the other for access to residential areas of High Wycombe.
Layout.
The junction is a roundabout interchange with the M40 uninterrupted. The motorway is on a north-east to south-west gradient between Stokenchurch and Loudwater. The roundabout is oval shaped, with the motorway off-centre. The northern half of the roundabout is bisected by a cross link which bypasses the A4010, the minor road to Wycombe and the A404 north, allowing easier interchange from the M40 London-bound to the A404 south. To the south-west of the roundabout, a slip-road allows traffic on the A404 northbound to reach the M40 towards Oxford uninterrupted, it passes beneath the road to Marlow Bottom in-between.

</doc>
<doc id="20812028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812028" title="Paul Lipson">
Paul Lipson

Paul R. Lipson (born December 23, 1913 in Brooklyn, New York, died January 3, 1996 in New York City) was an American stage actor. At the time of his death, he had played the role of Tevye in Fiddler on the Roof in more performances than any other actor, clocking over 2,000 performances as Zero Mostel's Broadway understudy, and later performing the lead role in his own right.
Paul also was on Broadway in "Detective Story," "Remains to Be Seen," "Carnival in Flanders," "I've Got Sixpence," "The Vamp", "Fiorello!", and "Bells Are Ringing".
The son of Abraham Lipson and Elizabeth Richtol, Lipson grew up in Pittsfield, Massachusetts and attended The Ohio State University. His stage career spanned five decades, from his debut in 1942 in the play "Lily of the Valley" (credited as "Paul R. Lipson"), through the 1980s. He also made guest appearances on several television shows in the 1950s and 1960s.
Paul Lipson was a carrier of Haplogroup E1b1b, through its M34 subgroup.
References.
Paul was also part of Harold Prince's National Company, including in 1969, at Rochester New York's Auditorium Theatre. His biography states that as of November 23, 1968, he had played Tevye 500 times, including 56 performances on Broadway.

</doc>
<doc id="20812030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812030" title="Patrik Liljestrand">
Patrik Liljestrand

Bo Patrik Liljestrand (born January 25, 1966) is a former Swedish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was the headcoach of the German club TuS Nettelstedt-Lübbecke, which competes in the Handball Bundesliga. He is currently the coach of Polish handball team Górnik Zabrze
He was born in Uddevalla.
In 1992 he was a member of the Swedish handball team which won the silver medal. He played one match as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20812042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812042" title="Rookie Card (album)">
Rookie Card (album)

Rookie Card is the debut studio album by New Zealand rapper PNC. It was released in New Zealand in 2006 and won best Hip Hop/Urban album in 2007 at the New Zealand Vodafone Music Awards.
The track "P-N-Woah" sampled The Staple Singers song, "This is Our Night", while "Just Roll" was made up almost entirely of quotes from 1990s songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20812043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812043" title="Boris Groys">
Boris Groys

Boris Efimovich Groys (born 19 March 1947) is an art critic, media theorist, and philosopher. He is currently a Global Distinguished Professor of Russian and Slavic Studies at New York University and Senior Research Fellow at the Karlsruhe University of Arts and Design in Karlsruhe, Germany. He has been a professor of Aesthetics, Art History, and Media Theory at the Karlsruhe University of Arts and Design/Center for Art and Media in Karlsruhe and an internationally acclaimed Professor at a number of universities in the United States and Europe, including the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Southern California and the Courtauld Institute of Art London.
Biography.
Groys attended high school in Leningrad (known since 1991 as St. Petersburg). From 1965–1971 he studied mathematical logic at the University of Leningrad, subsequently working as a research fellow at various scientific institutes in Leningrad. From 1976-1981 he served as a research fellow at the Institute of Structural and Applied Linguistics at the University of Moscow. In 1981 he emigrated from the USSR to the Federal Republic of Germany, where he pursued various scholarships. He earned a Ph.D. in philosophy at the University of Münster, Germany. 
During his time in the Soviet Union, Groys participated in the unofficial cultural scenes of Moscow and Leningrad, publishing in "37", "Chasy", and other samizdat magazines. In 1979 he published the essay “Moscow Romantic Conceptualism” in the art magazine "A-YA", in which he coined the term applied to the art movement “Moscow Conceptualism.” 
Groys is a pioneering theorist in reflection on socialist art and postmodern art, without evaluating either. Western thinkers such as Clement Greenberg had criticized socialist art, especially socialist realism, for being mass art and made it an aesthetic taboo. Groys re-evaluated socialist art production, challenging the norms of aesthetics by pushing a thesis based on Walter Benjamin in the very interpretation of politics, claiming that modernism had survived in the "total artwork" (Gesamtkunstwerk) of Stalinism. This thesis is charged with having pushed a new generation of thinkers into re-evaluating the Socialist aesthetic heritage (among others Miško Šuvaković, Marina Gržinić, and Ana Peraica) recognized as the discourse of post-socialist art. 
Groys is a member of the Association Internationale des Critiques d'Art (AICAO), and has served as a fellow of numerous institutions including International Research Center for Cultural Studies (IFK) in Vienna, Austria, Harvard University Art Museum, and the University of Pittsburg. In 2001 he served as Director of the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna. From 2003 to 2004 he headed the research program "Post-Communist Condition" in cooperation with Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe and the Federal Cultural Foundation of Germany.
During December and January Boris Groys was Visiting Professorial Fellow of the Courtauld Institute of Art Research Forum, where the following conversation was recorded. Question: Does this suggest that philosophers have a naturally closer relationship with artists than do art historians? BG: "We can look at artists in two ways. First, as if we were biologists, trying to construct a neo-Darwinian story of ‘art species’; how artists developed, how they succeeded, failed, survived. In these terms art history is formulated a little like botany or biology. The second way of considering art history is as part of the history of ideas. We have the history of philosophy, the history of science, the history of cultural history, just as we can have the history of art. So the question is whether we define art history more like botany, or more like the history of philosophy – and I tend more to the latter, because, as I have suggested, the driving force of art is philosophical."
Text of interview with John-Paul Stonard in: "Immediations" (2007)
Selected publications.
Groys has written over 150 articles on modern and contemporary art and Russian art and intellectual history in several languages. His books include
Groys has also published "Thinking in Loop: Three Videos on Iconoclasm, Ritual and Immortality" (DVD, 2008). The videos were produced between 2002 and 2007. Each of these videos combines a theoretical text written and spoken by the author with film footage fragments taken from different movies and film documentations.
Curatorial activities.
Groys has curated numerous exhibitions, including 

</doc>
<doc id="20812049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812049" title="Kadsi Formation">
Kadsi Formation

The Kadsi Formation is a geological formation in Zimbabwe whose strata date back to the Late Jurassic. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Indeterminate brachiosaurid remains present in Mashonaland North, Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="20812052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812052" title="Sesfontein Constituency">
Sesfontein Constituency

Sesfontein Constituency is a Constituency of Namibia. Located in Kunene Region, it has a population of 7,358. Its district capital is the settlement of Sesfontein. It is bordered by Khorixas Constituency to the south, Kamanjab Constituency to the east, Opuwo Constituency to the north and Okahao Constituency in Omusati Region to the northeast.
Sesfontein is the only settlement in this constituency but this vast area contains a number of tourism facilities like the Palmwag and Warmquelle lodges.
Politics.
Sesfontein Constituency voters traditionally support electing opposition parties for the National Assembly and President.
2004.
In 2004, it was one of the few Constituencies in Namibia to vote for an opposition candidate for President in the latest Presidential election, 2004. In that year, Justus ǁGaroëb of the United Democratic Front) received the most votes for President with 1,259 (46.01%) total votes, while Hifikepunye Pohamba of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), who won more than 76% of the national vote, received only 896 votes (32.78%) in the Constituency. Nationally, Sesfontein represented approximately 4% of ǁGaroëb's vote despite only representing less than .0033% of the national vote for President. Likewise, Sesfontein supported an opposition candidate, Hendrik Gaobaeb also of the UDF, for regional council.
2009.
In 2009, Sesfontein Constituency again supported the UDF (1142 or 38.36%), though to a lesser degree than in 2004. SWAPO improved their vote total and percentage to 1092 from 896 (32.78% to 36.68%).

</doc>
<doc id="20812078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812078" title="A Glimpse of Hell">
A Glimpse of Hell

A Glimpse of Hell can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20812096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812096" title="Myanmar Alin">
Myanmar Alin

Myanmar Alin is a state-run Burmese language daily newspaper and the longest running newspaper in circulation in Myanmar. The daily is considered to be the official Burmese language mouthpiece of the military government of Myanmar..
History.
Myanmar Alin was founded as a magazine in 1914 during the British colonial era in Yangon. The paper was known for its anti-colonialist stance before World War II. The paper was nationalized in 1969 by Gen. Ne Win's military government the daily newspapers in Myanmar were state run.
Content.
The front and back pages of all Burmese newspapers are almost all government related news and propaganda. Most of the domestic news comes from the official government news bureau's Myanmar News Agency (MNA) took place of read papers not for the news but for advertisements and announcements like weddings and obituaries.
Broadcasting.
Myanmar Radio and Television.
Myanma Alia is a Burmese free-to-air terrestrial television channel such: Myanmar TV.

</doc>
<doc id="20812145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812145" title="Napoleone Ferrara">
Napoleone Ferrara

Napoleone Ferrara, M.D., is an Italian-American molecular biologist who joined University of California, San Diego Moores Cancer Center in 2013 after a storied career in Northern California at the biotechnology giant Genentech, where he pioneered development of new treatments for cancer and age-related macular degeneration. There, he discovered VEGF—and made the first VEGF antibody—which suppresses growth of a variety of tumors. These findings helped lead to development of the first clinically available anti-angiogenesis inhibitor drug, bevacizumab (Avastin), which prevents the growth of new blood vessels into a solid tumor and which has become part of standard treatment for a variety of cancers. Dr. Ferrara’s work led also to the development of ranibizumab (Lucentis), a drug that is highly effective at preventing vision loss in intraocular neovascular disorders.
At UC San Diego Moores Cancer, Dr. Ferrara, a member of the National Academy of Sciences since 2006, serves as Senior Deputy Director for Basic Science and is a Distinguished Professor of Pathology in the UC San Diego School of Medicine, where he will continue cancer drug research targeting angiogenesis. He is presently focusing on investigating mechanisms of tumor angiogenesis alternative to VEGF, in particular the role of factors produced by myeloid cells and fibroblasts in mediating resistance to VEGF inhibitors.
For his VEGF discovery, he won a Lasker Award in 2010. In 2013, he was awarded the $3 million Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for his work. He has also won numerous other awards, including the General Motors Cancer Research Award (2006), the ASCO Science of Oncology Award (2007), the Pezcoller Foundation/AACR International Award (2009), the Dr. Paul Janssen Award for Biomedical Research (2011), and The Economist’s Innovation Award for bioscience in 2012.
Education.
Dr. Ferrara received his medical degree from the Faculty of Medicine and Surgery at the University of Catania, Italy, in 1981, and joined Genentech in 1988. He did his postdoctoral research at University of California, San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="20812147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812147" title="Bluff Dale Sandstone">
Bluff Dale Sandstone

The Bluff Dale Sandstone is a geological formation in Texas whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812148" title="Paw Paw Formation">
Paw Paw Formation

The Paw Paw Formation is a geological formation in Texas whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812149" title="Paluxy Formation">
Paluxy Formation

The Paluxy Formation is a geological formation in Texas whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812151" title="Mowry or Thermopolis Shale">
Mowry or Thermopolis Shale

The Mowry or Thermopolis Shale is a geological formation in Wyoming whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812153" title="Wayan Formation">
Wayan Formation

The Wayan Formation is a geological formation in Idaho whose strata date back to the earliest Late Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Geology and Age.
The Wayan occurs in eastern Idaho. Sediments are dominantly floodplain mudstones (some pedogenic) with some fluvial sandstones and minor conglomerates, limestones, and tuffs. Carbonate nodules in pedogenic mudstones suggest a semi-arid, seasonal climate during deposition. Radiometric U-Pb dates from detrital zircons indicate an early to middle Cenomanian age.
The Wayan is equivalent to the upper Cedar Mountain Formation of Utah, the Aspen Shale of Wyoming, and the Blackleaf Formation of Montana.
Fauna and Flora.
The vertebrate fauna is dominated by the small basal ornithopod "Oryctodromeus", which is known from several partial skeletons. Ankylosaurs, "Tenontosaurus"-like iguanodontids, large theropods, dromaeosaurs, possible neoceratopsians, large and small crocodilians, turtles, and semionotid fish are known from very fragmentary remains. Dinosaur eggshell of the family "Elongatoolithidae" is one of the more common fossils found.
Fossil plants are rare, but petrified wood, and foliage from angiosperms, conifers and ferns has been reported.
References.
Dorr, J. A., 1985, Newfound Early Cretaceous dinosaurs and other fossils in southeastern Idaho and westernmost Wyoming. Contributions from the Museum of Paleontology, University of Michigan 27(3): 73-85.
Krumenacker, L. J., 2010. Chronostratigraphy and paleontology of the mid-Cretaceous Wayan Formation of eastern Idaho, with a description of the first "Oryctodromeus" specimens from Idaho. BYU MS thesis.
Krumenacker, L. J., F. Jackson, J. Moore, S. F. Robison, and D. J. Varricchio, 2008. Preliminary paleoecologic and taphonomic observations on the vertebrate fauna of the Wayan Formation (Albian-Cenomanian) of east Idaho. Abstracts of papers, sixty-eighth annual meeting of the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology. "Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology" 28(3): 102A.
Krumenacker, L. J., D. J. Varricchio, and F. Jackson, 2007. Vertebrate fauna of the Mid Cretaceous (Albian) Wayan Formation of Idaho, a possible correlate to the Upper Cedar Mountain Formation. Abstracts with programs, fifty-ninth annual meeting of the Rocky Mountain Section of the Geological Society of America. 39(5): 41, 19-4.
Schmitt, J. G., and M. E. Moran, 1982. Stratigraphy of the Cretaceous Wayan Formation,Caribou Mountains, southeastern Idaho thrust belt. "University of Wyoming Contributions to Geology"
21:55-71.
Weishampel, D. B., W. A. Akersten, A. D. McCrady, and M. B. Meers, 2002. New Early Cretaceous dinosaur remains, including possible ceratopsians, from the Wayan Formation of eastern Idaho. Pp 5–17 in W. A. Akersten, H. G. McDonald, D. J. Meldrum, M. E. Thompson
(eds.), And Whereas, Papers on the Vertebrate Paleontology of Idaho Honoring John A. White, Volume 2. Idaho Museum of Natural History Occasional Paper 37.

</doc>
<doc id="20812162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812162" title="Pahor Labib">
Pahor Labib

Pahor (also spelled "Bahour") Labib ( Arabic باهور لبيب ) (born 19 September 1905 at Ain Shams, Cairo; died 7 May 1994) was
Director of the Coptic Museum, Cairo, Egypt, from 1951 to 1965 and one of the world leaders in Egyptology and Coptology.
Early life and education.
Labib was born in 1905 in Cairo. His father was Cladius Labib, also an Egyptologist and Coptologist who was one of the first Egyptians to learn Hieroglyphics from the French Egyptologists in Egypt and who compiled a Coptic-Arabic dictionary. He grew up in Ain Shams, a suburb of Cairo, where his father had a house with a few acres of land (13 "feddans") that were used to cultivate fruits and vegetables.
For preparatory school Labib went to the "Great Coptic School" and then to Khedivieh Secondary School, both in Cairo. After Labib received his "Bachaloria", he entered the Faculty of Law. However, the Faculty of Archeology had recently opened and he joined this as well. At the final year, exams for both studies clashed, so he choose to sit the Archeology final which he passed with distinction.
Labib was sent for higher studies to Berlin, Germany in 1930. He obtained his Ph.D. degree from the Frederick William University in 1934. The subject of his doctoral degree was King Ahmose I, founder of the Eighteenth Dynasty, who expelled the Hyksos from Egypt. Labib showed that the Hyksos stayed in Egypt for 150 years (previously suggested periods were much longer) and that they came from Canaan. He was the first Egyptian to obtain a doctorate in Egyptology. His teachers in Germany included Herman Grapow (with whom he stayed in touch till the latter's death in 1967) and Kurt Heinrich Sethe.
Career.
Labib returned to Egypt and was appointed Lecturer in the Institute of Archeology at Cairo University in 1935. In 1945 he obtained the post of Keeper at the Egyptian Museum, Cairo. He was later appointed director of the provincial museums, during which period he established a few museums around the country, and expanded the Aswan Museum. He was instrumental in transferring the Ismaila Museum from the Suez Canal Company to the administration of the Department of Antiquity. In 1951, he was appointed Director of the Coptic Museum, a post he kept until retiring in 1965.
Labib was chosen as acting director of the Egyptian Museum in the summer of 1964 to investigate the disappearance of a piece of Tutankhamun's treasures. He remained acting director of the Egyptian Museum for a year.
During his directorship of the Coptic Museum he turned the museum into a world famous research centre for Coptic Studies. He was one of the first to use the word "Coptology". Labib started the excavations in Abu Mena, Western Desert in 1951. Through his contacts, he managed to build a rest house that was spacious and well furnished (built by the German Archeological Institute, Cairo). Pope Cyril VI of Alexandria used to visit the place and even stayed there, to hold an early service in the site of the ancient Cathedral of Saint Menas. Later Pope Cyril VI of Alexandria started the building of the Monastery of Saint Mina. Labib was also involved with excavations in "Tel-Atrib", near the city of Banha in Lower Egypt; the site of a great Cathedral before the Arab invasion. Pope Shenouda III had an interest in and visited the site of these excavations.
Labib also contributed to the study of the Nag Hammadi texts. Translating these texts was a mammoth task as the Coptic language encountered was also dealing with philosophy. The UNESCO had an interest in these texts and established an international committee to translate and publish this work. Labib was a secretary, vice president, and president of this committee. The first publication of part of the collection was by him in 1956. Publications of the translated manuscripts carried on until 1984. Labib believed that this philosophy is Egyptian in origin (rather than Greek) and presented a paper on the subject to the First International Congress of Coptology in Cairo in 1976.
A Coptic exhibition was held in Villa Hegel in Essen (West Germany) in 1963 to which Labib was an invited guest.
Labib served on many committees both nationally and internationally owing to his expertise in many fields. In the national arena he served on dozens of committees including the highest in the land to award the most prestigious awards in Arts and Social Sciences in the country. He also served on many committees for Archeology and Tourism, including one for Coptic Tourism. Labib further served on the management boards of the Coptic and Islamic Museums in Cairo and on the council for "Greater Cairo". He was a council member of the Coptic Archeology Institute and a founding member of the Institute of Coptic Studies and "La Societe de Saint Minas Le Miraculeux".
Labib was a founding member and President of the National Society of Art and served on the Council of the Society "Des Amis des Arts".
Labib taught at the University, both Egyptology and Coptic Language, especially the Hieroglyphic origins of Coptic words. His knowledge in both languages, with all their dialects and variations, was outstanding.
Labib was a member of the German Institute of Archeology, Berlin, and the Archeology Institute of the University of Prague, and the UNESCO Committee for Museums.
Awards.
Labib was awarded the Decoration of the High Cross from Germany in 1976. Following a visit by Crown Princess Margrethe II of Denmark to the Coptic Museum in 1963, he was awarded the World Decoration of Denmark. Also, Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia awarded Labib a Gold Medal following a visit to the museum in 1959. From 1976-1994 he was an Honorary President of the International Association for Coptic Studies.
On the occasion of Labib's 70th birthday, the Committee of the Nag Hammadi Library organized a special celebration and published a book in his honor, to which twenty-one international distinguished Coptologists contributed.

</doc>
<doc id="20812163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812163" title="Abhimanyu Sindhu">
Abhimanyu Sindhu

Abhimanyu Sindhu (born 18 December 1967) is an Indian politician, belonging to the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP). In the 2004 Lok Sabha election he contested as the BJP candidate in the Rohtak constituency. He finished second, with 173,800 votes (26.25%).

</doc>
<doc id="20812177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812177" title="Tommy Souraniemi">
Tommy Souraniemi

Tommy Roger Suoraniemi (born February 28, 1969) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Tensta.
In 1992 he was a member of the Swedish handball team which won the silver medal. He played one match and scored four goals.
At club level Souraniemi played for HK Drott. He won two national championships, 1991 and 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20812179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812179" title="Spotlight on Willie Nelson">
Spotlight on Willie Nelson

Spotlight on Willie Nelson is a 1974 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson. 
This album picked up where 1973's "Country Winners" left off, concentrating mostly on RCA material released 1970-72. "Bring Me Sunshine" makes its LP debut, albeit in "reprocessed" stereo form. It would not be until 1998, 24 years after the release of this album that "Bring Me Sunshine" would be issued in true stereo.

</doc>
<doc id="20812190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812190" title="Backlash (1986 film)">
Backlash (1986 film)

Backlash is a 1986 Australian film directed by Bill Bennett.
Plot.
Police officers Trevor Darling (David Argue) and Nikki Iceton (Gia Carides) escort a young Aboriginal woman Kath (Lydia Miller) to the New South Wales outback to stand trial. After getting stranded in the desert a bond grows between them. By the time they are rescued, both Nikki and Trevor believe Kath is innocent.
Production.
Bill Bennett had raised $175,000 from the BBC and ABC to make a documentary about black tracker Jimmy James but was reluctant to proceed. He came up with the idea for the film and wondered if he could use the money to make a feature. Bennett got approval from the tax department and most investors to do this, with J C Williamson Ltd stepping in for the BBC and ABC. The final $50,000 of the budget came from Bennett himself.
Bennett wanted to add some levity in the material and so cast David Argue, who had impressed him on stage. He was impressed by Gia Carides' improvisational skills in theatresports and cast her to act alongside him. Nurse Lydia Miller rounded out the main cast.
During filming out near Broken Hill Bennett often clashed with David Argue, who quit a week before shooting ended. However he came back and completed the film. 
Much of the dialogue was improvised by the actors on location.
Release.
Bennett won 2 awards at the 1987 Cognac Festival du Film Policier for the film. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
Bennett later claimed it was one of the most profitable films he had made.

</doc>
<doc id="20812191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812191" title="Black Reel Awards of 2008">
Black Reel Awards of 2008

The following is a list of the nominees and winners of the 2009 Black Reel Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20812202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812202" title="Vuk Obradović">
Vuk Obradović

Vuk Obradović (born April 11, 1947 in the village of Kondželj in Serbia - died February 13, 2008 in Belgrade 2008) was a Serbian general and politician. He was one of the leaders of the Democratic Opposition of Serbia in the Bulldozer Revolution in October 2000.
Previous to his political career, he was a professional soldier becoming the youngest General in the Yugoslav National Army. He held a PhD in political studies with a thesis on issues of nationalism in Yugoslav society. He resigned from the Army in May 1992 when the Government refused to withdraw Yugoslav Army conscripts from fighting in Croatia. 
After leaving the army he formed the Social Democracy political party and remained its leader for almost 10 years. He stood as a candidate in 1997 Yugoslav presidential elections winning 3% of the popular vote. In 2000 he joined the Democratic Opposition of Serbia which finally toppled Slobodan Milošević in October 2000. He became the Deputy Prime Minister in the Government of Serbia tasked with leading the drive against corruption. In May 2001 he was forced to resign due to an allegation of sexual harassment of a female aide Ljiljana Nestorović, leading to the break-up of Social Democracy party into two factions. 
In 2002 he again stood in presidential elections, but this time only winning 0.75% of the popular vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20812235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812235" title="Sanremo Tennis Cup">
Sanremo Tennis Cup

The Sanremo Tennis Cup is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Circolo Tennis Sanremo in Sanremo, Italy, since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20812240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812240" title="Martin Frändesjö">
Martin Frändesjö

Lars Gunnar Martin Frändesjö (born July 18, 1971) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gothenburg.
In 1996 he was a member of the Swedish handball team won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played one match and scored six goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal again. He played five matches and scored 25 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20812260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812260" title="Country Winners">
Country Winners

Country Winners is a 1973 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson. 
Released after Nelson signed with Atlantic, this was the closest thing to a retrospective RCA issued at the time. 
Seven of the album's nine tracks were originally issued on Nelson's RCA debut, "Country Willie - His Own Songs", "Hello Walls" and "Funny How Time Slips Away" are from "And Then I Wrote".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Willie Nelson, except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20812264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812264" title="Tomas Sivertsson">
Tomas Sivertsson

Lars Tomas Sivertsson (born February 21, 1965) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Halmstad.
In 1996 he was a member of the Swedish handball team won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored twelve goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal again. He played all seven matches and scored eleven goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20812266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812266" title="Developmental Psychobiology (journal)">
Developmental Psychobiology (journal)

Developmental Psychobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, established in 1968 and currently published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Society for Developmental Psychobiology. It covers research on all aspects of behavioral development in animals and humans.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.977.

</doc>
<doc id="20812270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812270" title="Wedi 3">
Wedi 3

Wedi 3 is Welsh television channel S4C's daily magazine programme featuring specialties from around Wales. It is produced by Tinopolis and as the show's title suggests it is broadcast at 3pm. It has a sister show called "Wedi 7".

</doc>
<doc id="20812298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812298" title="Convenanter Church">
Convenanter Church

Convenanter Church is a misspelling of Covenanter Church, a nickname often applied to and used by the Reformed Presbyterian Church in the past. In the United States, "Convenanter Church" also refers to two buildings once used by this denomination, which are listed by this misspelling on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="20812310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812310" title="1996–97 Iranian Basketball League Division One">
1996–97 Iranian Basketball League Division One

The following is the final results of the Iran Division One 1996/1997 basketball season.

</doc>
<doc id="20812311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812311" title="Gottfried Schmutz">
Gottfried Schmutz

Gottfried "Gody" Schmutz (born 26 October 1954 in Hagenbuch, Switzerland) is a retired Swiss road racing cyclist. He was professional from 1977 to 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20812314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812314" title="Balea heydeni">
Balea heydeni

Balea heydeni is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae.
The shell of this species is sinistral, or left-handed in its coiling. The species has long been overlooked because of confusion with "Balea perversa". It is likely that the name "heydeni" Maltzan 1881 is not tenable and that "lucifuga" Bourguignat 1857 must be used. 
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in:

</doc>
<doc id="20812322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812322" title="Paul David Wilson">
Paul David Wilson

Paul David Wilson (born August 30, 1952) is a songwriter, composer, conductor, and music producer. Most of his professional life has been devoted to music, including composing for radio and TV commercials, he was became the president of a start-up record label begun by Frank Thomas, who was then the starring player on the Chicago White Sox baseball team. Wilson suffered a massive and debilitating stroke when he was 46 years old. Due to the terribly limiting effects of aphasia, a common but complicated and severe post-stroke condition, he was for a number of years unable to communicate without great difficulty. His fight back to full functioning has been a decade-long challenge that, although largely successful, in many ways still continues.
Biography.
Early Life.
Paul David Wilson was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was third son to father, Herbert, a classical tenor vocalist and choir director who taught elementary school and retired after becoming a vice-principal of the school. Paul’s mother, Odessa, was a child prodigy who grew to become a concert pianist and choir director. She was accomplished in a variety of music genres, but due to her commitment to God, only performed certain styles of music. Paul’s early lessons on piano came from his mother, and he grew up absorbing the classical and gospel music of the choirs and vocal ensembles his parents directed.
While still of pre-school age, Paul began composing simple songs and by the time he began primary school had learned to musically notate the songs he composed. At age 12, Paul began organizing "street corner" vocal ensembles to perform his songs at parties and selected school functions. At 13, he discovered the flute and it soon became his major instrument. Paul attended James H. Bowen High School in Chicago. In Paul’s fourth year of high school, a friend, Arlene Johnson, persuaded him to run for class president. He was elected Senior Class President of Bowen in 1970.
He remembers the day when he was a still-young teenager and "my mother dragged me to a seminar on how to create commercial jingles." The presenters were Dick Marx, whose young son would later become a pop music star known as Richard Marx, who was then Chicago’s most prominent master of music for Radio and TV commercials, and Dr. Thomas Fabish, the concert master of DePaul University’s music department. The presentation involved a big band, top-notch singers and a film. Even as he listened, Paul was thinking, "I could do that."
Inspired by Primous Fountain III, a young composer at DePaul University, Paul enrolled and majored in music composition and theory. He studied music composition with Dr. Leon Stein, Dr. Phil Winsor and Darlene Cowles, while taking flute with Philip Seeburg and Joseph Kainz. In 1973, he was one of 20 music students from around the U.S. selected by Ron Logan of Walt Disney Entertainment to participate in a professional "work experience." Paul remembers it as one of the major highlights of his college career. He wrote at that time in August 1973:
During his study at DePaul, he founded, performed in, and composed for many ensembles and often organized concerts and productions that featured works by him and others. In his senior year, Paul was honored by inclusion in "Who's Who Among Students in American Universities & Colleges" and graduated in 1975 with a B.A. in music composition and theory.
Career.
In May 1974, while a senior at DePaul, he landed part-time employment at "Star Point 7," a music production company founded by Chuck Colbert, a producer/musician with a jazz-rock band, American Breed ("Bend Me, Shape Me"). Paul started this "job" as an unpaid go-fer, answering phones and doing basic clerical chores. After two months, Paul was eager for a chance to show what he could contribute and saw the situation as an opportunity. "Chuck and his writing partner had parted ways and he needed someone to help finish a project. I was around and available and had the skills. I had to ask him, what are you waiting for?" Once Paul had called attention to his talents, Colbert began using him as a composer and arranger.
A short time later, in the Summer of 1974, Paul met a young musician who was just completing his military service, Danny Leake. At the time, Danny was a talented songwriter and electric guitar player, but would later become one of America’s foremost recording studio engineers and one of Paul’s closest and most frequent collaborators.
In the Fall of 1975, Danny played a significant role in Paul’s life by introducing him to Ian Levine, a producer and songwriter, who was a celebrated member of the European black music fan base known as the Northern Soul scene. In 1975, while working with Ian, Paul composed, arranged and produced for Dance, R&B and Northern Soul recording artists, in the course of which he traveled in the U.S. and England. One of the Levine’s artists, "Evelyn Thomas scored a chart hit with her first single, reaching the UK Top 30 in 1976 with the single "Weak Spot," and "which was (co-written and) arrangement by Paul." As the writer, Neil Rushton, wrote in a review which appeared in Black Echoes, "Paul put the incredible zinging, scurrying strings in "Your Magic Put A Spell In Me" performed by Johnson Ian Levine for Ian Levine productions and also served as the songwriter and arranger for the "1976 Disco classic, originally sung by James Wells, called "Baby I'm Still The Same Man."
Despite the success and trans-Atlantic travel he was experiencing, Paul still lived at home with his mother and father. One day in early 1976, while diligently making "cold calls" from his parents’ basement in hopes of drumming up some fresh music opportunities, Paul found himself talking to Jerry Butler, a fellow Chicagoan who was already well known in American soul music. Butler had (with Curtis Mayfield) been one of the original founding members of The Impressions and then established a long later career as a celebrated solo artist. That lucky phone call not only gave Paul a chance to meet Butler, but soon led to the opportunity to work with him on a few projects, including three albums "Suite For The Single Girl", "It All Comes Out In My Song" (title song) and Thelma (Houston) & Jerry for the Motown label. Subsequently, Paul and Butler they produce an album on Dee Dee Sharp-Gample with Philadelphia International. "Billboard" said, "writer/co-producer Paul Wilson’s "Invitation" is a regal, touching trumph that alone would have made for worthwhile album." In 1981 with "Breaking and Entering" / "Easy Money," from Sharp-Gamble's album "Dee Dee", Paul’s production spent four weeks at number one on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart and Dance Chart Billboard.
Burrell Communications Group, LLC.
After two years of working with Chuck Colbert and learning the myriad business-related details one must to be successful in commercial music production, in 1976, at age 24, Paul founded Herschel Commercial, Inc ("I just named it Hershel Commercial, Inc. because it rhymed, he notes) with Maurice Earl, Arlene Johnson and, later, Bruce Montgomery. His first client was Chicago-based Burrell Communications Group, LLC, founded by Tom Burrell. Although Anna Morris, the creative director of Burrell, thought Paul might benefit from a little more "seasoning" before going out on his own, he proclaimed with great certainty, "Look, I’m ready!" Now, as impressed with his confidence as with his talents, Morris awarded him a package of several arranging spots to produce for Coca-Cola. The tracks featured Kitty Heywood, a sweet-voiced soul singer who had already performed on a number of albums as well as commercials. Once produced, the spots were enthusiastically received, both at the ad agency and at the client. Paul was soon creating and producing a long list of memorable and award-winning spots for Burrell and many other ad agencies, often working with such established artists as: Phyllis Hyman, Lena Horne, Anita Baker, Midnight Star, Walter Jackson, The Dells, Peabo Bryson, Ada Dyer Vickie Winans, Tramaine Hawkins, The Bar-Kays, Valerie Simpson, Joshie Jo Armstead, Millie Jackson and Rufus Thomas.
Also of note is the score Paul composed for a television film "Happy Birthday, Martin" sung by Joshie Jo Armstead, which is on permanent display at the King Center in Atlanta.
Leo Burnett Worldwide.
In 1977, a chance meeting at a barbershop brought Paul to the attention of Don Richards, a young vice-president and account executive at Leo Burnett Worldwide, Chicago’s largest and most celebrated advertising agency. Richards had been hired to facilitate Burnett’s efforts to identify promising new African American staffers and suppliers, so he was ready to talk business even on a weekend trip to his barber. On hearing the young composer’s story, Richards handed him a card, saying, "Call me… next week." Paul made sure he called Richards. That meeting was most fortunate for Paul and for Herschel. It set them on the path to success and helped establish their reputation with even the biggest and best clients, which included such major brand names as Kraft, Quaker Oats, Campbell Soup Company, United Airlines, Kellogg Company, Coca-Cola, Joseph Schlitz Brewing Company, Anheuser Busch, Busch Entertainment, Disney-ABC Domestic Television, Mars Incorporated, Alberto-Culver and Oprah Winfrey’s Harpo Productions (Oprah Winfrey). In 1980, People magazine, they featured an article on Paul. The title was "Lookout. A Guide To The Up And Coming." 
Paul says, "To be successful, you have to be a chameleon. You're paid to do a job, not to be a conscience." Paul wrote and composed many memorable TV and Radio music spots during the commercial phase of his career. Some of the many highlights include; "I Wanna Pop, I Wanna Shasta" for Shasta Beverages, "Sweet Talker, Betty Crocker" for Betty Crocker, "Mmm, Ahh, Ohh, Pop ‘N Fresh Dough" for Pillsbury. "Until 1981, I was known for lavish, heartwarming arrangements," says Wilson, who is a classically trained flutist with degrees in composition and orchestration. "Then I had a hit with "I Wanna Pop! I Wanna Shasta!" and suddenly I was the rock ‘n’ roll guy, the king of the synthesizers."
Paul won a prestigious CLIO award for his arranging work on the McDonalds commercial "Makin’ Music."
Calling Me Home, Chicago.
In 1985, Paul scored a true "crossover hit" when a song he’d created for Chicago Convention and Tourism Bureau and composed both lyrics and music featuring Lee Montgomery "Calling Me Home, Chicago," a song written for a $10 million state tourism campaign, became so instantly popular that it was released as a single and sold through area record stores. Jan Zechman of Jan Zechman Associates said, "For Chicago Tourism, our advertising agency asked six local composers to create a musical centerpiece for our campaign. We expected the competition to be fierce. It was not. One airing of Paul's musical vision was enough to win him the job, and to help us create one of the most memorable and successful tourism campaigns in Chicago history. I believe in the power of words, but the power of Paul's music, his notes, proved mightier than any pen on this day." That song is widely regarded even today as one of the true "classic" songs of Chicago.
Ruth L. Ratny, the owner of the magazine "Screen" and editor, she wrote, "Among the most memorable for the Illinois Department of Tourism, are the unforgettable "Calling Me Home, Chicago." State tourism director Lynda Simon says isn’t surprised that Wilson was able to write words and that went a long way towards popularizing the agency’s first major television campaign. "He’s a very talented and creative person," says Simon, "and he’s a joy to work with." 
Recording and live performance.
In 1987, because of his desire to re-enter the record business, Paul (with attorney Linda Mensch) discovered and produced a new artist, "Nikki." Eventually signed to Geffen Records, the debut album entitled "Nikki" was released in the summer of 1989. One song, "Notice Me" was a hit, reaching #21 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and #11 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart, bringing Paul honors from BMI as writer and publisher of one of the most performed songs of the year.
In early 1989, Paul was called on by noted choral conductor Nathan Carter to orchestrate Robert Ray’s "Gospel Mass" for a joint performance of the Morgan State University Choir and the Detroit Symphony. Also in 1989, Paul was appointed conductor/artistic director for a concert series entitled "Classic Black" (Executive Produced by Valarie Norman). The first concert was given at Chicago’s Orchestra Hall in April 1990.
Paul wrote:
Un-D-Nyable Entertainment, Inc..
In 1997, Wilson accepted an offer from Frank Thomas, "The Big Hurt" the star player and home run hitter of the Chicago White Sox, to serve as President of Un-D-Nyable Entertainment, an independent record label. Paul agreed to run the label in partnership with Thomas.
Their initial release was a CD single entitled "3-5, The White Sox Got’em Open Up Wide," with Frank Thomas featuring D. Stoy. Paul discovered and signed Dejah Gomez, a precociously talented 14-year old singer and songwriter, and hired Cleo Powell, who had an established reputation locally for recognizing and nurturing talent, as the label’s A&R Director.
In 1998, Wilson hired Jun Mhoon, accomplished both as a musician and an executive at A&M Records, as Executive V.P. General Manager and Maurice White, formerly with Columbia Records, as Promotion Director and Jon Smith, Studio Manager. He also signed Entourage (James "Slique" Adams, Floyd Massey, Eric Wade and Irone Guyton, a R&B singing group), rapper Ant-Dub and STRONG, an R&B group that was a family of five brothers. He then secured the services of songwriters/producers, Jack & Earl and George Claiborne. He soon formed an alliance with the music distributors, Navarro.
In late 1998, Wilson produced the debut CD for Dejah Gomez ("Dejah") and Entourage ("The Fall Backs of a Playa") and matching videos for the CD songs and a CD single title "I Can’t Hide" featuring STRONG. In December, a single "When," by Entourage, they charted on Billboard. Soon, both Dejah Gomez and Entourage were starting to "take off," but, in January 1999, just as the action and excitement was building for his young record company, Paul Wilson suffered a stroke.
Health.
On January 2, 1999, the stroke left the active and energetic 46-year old composer, producer and businessman suddenly and seriously disabled (CT). The doctors revealed that an ischemic CVA of left MCA with hemorrhagic transformation. Paul was told he’d have to accept lasting and severe restrictions on his ability to verbally communicate, due to the post-stroke condition known as Aphasia.
Aphasia is the inability to speak, read, write or understand speech. Wilson was hospitalized at West Suburban Hospital Medical Center in Oak Park and Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago. Subsequently, he went through rehabilitation at the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago and Willowbrook, where he met Edie Babbitt, M.Ed. who now works with Leora Cherney, Ph.D., Associate Professor, Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Northwestern University Medical School, doing aphasia research.
Paul wrote:
In need of a restful setting for his recuperation, Paul and his wife, Terry, relocated to Maui in Hawaii where they lived for five years. Paul eventually found and studied with Dr. Walter Tokishi, a speech therapist, but the scarcity of expert medical support to help him overcome the limitations imposed by his aphasia was still a drawback of living on Maui. In 2005, he returned to Chicago, where he began an intensive rehabilitation regimen, fiercely determined to resume his musical career.
Personal life.
Paul has six brothers. They are: James Warren (classical/gospel organ, piano), Herbert Liston (Acoustic/electric bass), John Oland (vocalist), Mark Andrew, Steward Franklin
(B-3, piano). One brother, Mark, died when he was an infant do to heart complication.
Paul has been married and divorced two times and has one stepchild:
Professional Activities & Affiliations.
He has been a Chicago Chapter Governor and National Trustee of The Recording Academy (NARAS) and active on its Education, Finance, Restructuring and Long Range Planning Committee. In the mid-1990s, he was Chicago Chapter President of The Recording Academy and later served as a trustee of the Winans Academy of Performing Arts.
Media.
Paul performed with the band "The Nightclub Band" on the film, "A Family Thing" (Robert Duvall, James Earl Jones which also featured the song "Family Thing Blues" on the soundtrack. A film, "Signs," was used with Paul’s music jingle, "I Wanna Pop, I Wanna Shasta." His song titled, "Invitation" perform by Ada Dyer, was "sample" and then used another song entitled "Brown Sugar (fine)", with the film "Brown Sugar", which performed by Mos Def and produced by Kanye West. (The film's credits of "Brown Sugar (fine)" was incorrect)

</doc>
<doc id="20812334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812334" title="The Willie Way">
The Willie Way

The Willie Way is a 1972 album by country singer Willie Nelson. This was also the last album of new material released by RCA before Nelson's departure for Atlantic Records.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Willie Nelson, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="20812337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812337" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1969–1972">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1969–1972

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 10 May 1969 election and the 22 April 1972 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20812353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812353" title="Cambridge Greensand">
Cambridge Greensand

The Cambridge Greensand is a geological formation in England whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Dinosaurs.
Birds.
"Enaliornis barretti" - "Braincases, vertebrae, pelvis limb elements.."
"Enaliornis sedgwicki" - "Hindlimb elements."
"Enaliornis seeleyi" - "Assorted cranial and postcranial elements"
Ornithischians.
"Anoplosaurus curtonotus" - "Partial postcranium."
"Anoplosaurus major" - "Cervical vertebrae." "Vertebrae."
"Acanthopholis eucercus" - " caudal centra."
"Acanthopholis platypus" (in part) - "Phalanx, caudal centra."
"Acanthopholis macrocercus" (aka "Syngonosaurus)" - "Osteoderms." "Vertebrae, fragmentary skeleton elements."
"Acanthopholis stereocercus" - "Osteoderms." "Vertebrae."
"Eucercosaurus tanyspondylus" - "Vertebrae."
"Trachodon cantabrigiensis" - "Dentary tooth."
Saurischians.
"Acanthopholis platypus" (in part) - "Metatarsals I-V."
"Macrurosaurus semnus" - "Caudal vertebrae"
Pterosaurs.
"Amblydectes crassidens"
"Amblydectes eurygnathus"
"Camposipterus colorhinus"
"Camposipterus nasutus"
"Camposipterus sedgwickii"
"Lonchodraco machaerorhynchus"
"Lonchodraco microdon"
"Ornithocheirus simus"
"Ornithocheirus" capito
"Ornithocheirus" denticulatus
"Ornithocheirus" platystomus
"Ornithocheirus" polyodon
"Ornithostoma sedgwicki"
Ichthyosaurs.
"Cetarthrosaurus walkeri"
"Platypterygius campylodon"
"Sisteronia seeleyi"

</doc>
<doc id="20812354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812354" title="Potton Sands">
Potton Sands

The Potton Sands is a geological formation in Bedfordshire, England whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812356" title="Vectis Formation">
Vectis Formation

The Vectis Formation is a geological formation on the Isle of Wight, England whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous (lowermost Aptian stage, 125 million years ago). The Vectis Formation is composed of three geological members: the Shepherds Chine member, the Barnes High Sandstone member, and the Cowleaze Chine member. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812357" title="Hastings Formation">
Hastings Formation

The Hastings Formation is a geological formation in Nova Scotia, Canada whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812358" title="Hastings Beds">
Hastings Beds

The Hastings Beds is a geological unit that includes interbedded clays, silts, siltstones, sands and sandstones in the High Weald of southeast England. These strata make up the component geological formations of the Ashdown Formation, the Wadhurst Clay Formation and the Tunbridge Wells Sand Formation. The term 'Hastings Beds' has been superseded and the component formations are included in the Wealden Group.
The sediments of the Weald, including the Hastings Beds, were deposited during the Early Cretaceous Period, which lasted for approximately 40 million years from 140 to 100 million years ago. The Hastings Beds are of Early Berriasian to Late Valanginian age. The Group takes its name from the fishing town of Hastings in East Sussex.
Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the included formations.

</doc>
<doc id="20812359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812359" title="Calcaire à Spatangues">
Calcaire à Spatangues

The Calcaire à Spatangues is a geological formation in the Paris basin of northern central France whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812360" title="Argiles à Plicatules">
Argiles à Plicatules

The Argiles à Plicatules is a geological formation in northern central France whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812362" title="Grès et sables piquetés">
Grès et sables piquetés

The Grès et sables piquetés is a geological formation in Haute Marne, France whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812364" title="Argiles Ostréennes">
Argiles Ostréennes

The Argiles Ostréennes is a geological formation in northern central France whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Iguanodon bernissartensis

</doc>
<doc id="20812365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812365" title="El Collado Formation">
El Collado Formation

The El Collado Formation is a geological formation in Cuenca, Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812368" title="Urbion Group">
Urbion Group

The Urbion Group is a geological formation in Burgos, Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812369" title="Tera Beds">
Tera Beds

The Tera Beds is a geological formation in Burgos, Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812370" title="Tobermory High School">
Tobermory High School

Tobermory High School is the only secondary school on the Isle of Mull. It is located in Tobermory on the northern end of the island.
Its feeder primary schools are Tobermory primary, Salen primary, Dervaig primary, Lochdon primary, and Ulva Ferry primary. Although it is an Argyll and Bute council school, it also takes pupils from Kilchoan, Lochaline in the Highland Division due to ferry links.
The head of the school is Craig Biddick, and the school performs well in National League tables and HMI inspections.

</doc>
<doc id="20812373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812373" title="Castellar Formation">
Castellar Formation

The Castellar Formation is a geological formation in La Rioja and Teruel , Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Euornithopod tracks and dinosaur eggs are known from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812375" title="Camarillas Formation">
Camarillas Formation

The Camarillas Formation is a geological formation in Teruel and La Rioja, Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812376" title="Blesa Formation">
Blesa Formation

The Bles Formation is a geological formation in Teruel and La Rioja, Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812379" title="Artoles Formation">
Artoles Formation

The Artoles Formation is a geological formation in Teruel and La Rioja, Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Dinosaurs.
The indeterminate remains of Coelurosauria, Dromaeosauridae, Euornithopoda, Iguanodontia, Sauropoda, Spinosauridae (previously misidentified as Baryonichidae indet.), Theropoda, Titanosauriformes have been found in Provincia de la Rioja, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20812380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812380" title="Encisco Group">
Encisco Group

The Encisco Group is a geological formation in La Rioja, Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812383" title="Escucha Formation">
Escucha Formation

The Escucha Formation is a geological formation in La Rioja, Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812384" title="La Predrera de Rubies Lithographic">
La Predrera de Rubies Lithographic

The La Predrera de Rubies Lithographic is a geological formation in Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812385" title="Aziz Espandar">
Aziz Espandar

Aziz Espandar (, (born 1948) is a retired Iranian football player and coach. 
He became the top goalscorer in Takht Jamshid Cup in 1974–75 season along with Gholam Hossein Mazloumi and in 1977–78 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20812386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812386" title="Calizas de La Huergina Formation">
Calizas de La Huergina Formation

The Calizas de La Huérgina Formation (also known as the Una Formation) is a geological formation in Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812387" title="Arcillas de Morella Formation">
Arcillas de Morella Formation

The Arcillas de Morella Formation is a geological formation in Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812388" title="Gres a Dinosauriens Formation">
Gres a Dinosauriens Formation

The Gres a Dinosauriens Formation is a geological formation in Europe whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur fossils are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812389" title="Obernkirchen Sandstein">
Obernkirchen Sandstein

The Obernkirchen Sandstein is a geological formation in Lower Saxony, Germany whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812392" title="Bauxite of Cornet">
Bauxite of Cornet

The Bauxite of Cornet is a geological formation in Romania whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20812405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812405" title="Edmund Bertram">
Edmund Bertram

Edmund Bertram is a lead character in Jane Austen's 1814 novel "Mansfield Park". He is Sir Thomas's second son and plans to be ordained as a clergyman.
Character.
Edmund is a naturally kind and compassionate person, as demonstrated by his conduct toward Fanny Price, an impoverished cousin who has come to live with Edmund's family from her impoverished home and family in Portsmouth. Edmund's kindness and generosity to Fanny distinguish him from the rest of his family, who tend to exploit Fanny's good nature or mock her for her less privileged upbringing. For instance, Edmund's brother Tom tease Fanny, his sisters, Maria and Julia, condescend to give Fanny toys of the least value to them, and their aunt Norris refuses to allow a fire to be lit in Fanny's room. However, Edmund remains friendly and encouraging to Fanny and she gradually falls in love with him as she grows up.
Adult life.
Edmund's wishes to become a clergyman, for he is a second son, without prospect of inheriting a large fortune. Edmund was to be given the living of the local parish when his uncle died. This plan is foiled, however, when his dissolute elder brother, Thomas Bertram, accumulates debts due to extravagance and gambling, leading his father to sell the living to Dr. Grant to get money to pay off Tom's debts. All that remains is a smaller, poorer parish, which Edmund is promised. Mr. Grant and his wife move into the living, and are soon joined by Mrs. Grant's young half-brother and sister, Henry and Mary Crawford. Shortly afterwards, Edmund's father his brother Tom have to travel to the family's estates in Antigua to settle some problems with the estate. Sir Thomas places Edmund in charge of the English household in his absence.
Henry and Mary Crawford prove to be a disruptive influence; they are both wealthy and attractive and both the Bertram sisters become infatuated with Henry, while Edmund falls in love with Mary, even neglecting Fanny sometimes in his attempts to please Mary.
Tom Bertram returns from Antigua before his father but Edmund still seems to be in charge of the estate while Tom amuses himself visiting people and taking part in horse races. When Tom comes up with the plan of putting on a play, "Lovers' Vows" at Mansfield Park, both Edmund and Fanny are opposed. Eventually, Edmund is persuaded that bringing in a person from another family would be worse than his participating in a rather suggestive scene with Mary as Anhalt to her Amelia. Sir Thomas returns just before the play is due to be staged and is greatly displeased. Edmund admits his culpability and emphasises Fanny's constant opposition to the play.
Edmund with Mary.
Edmund is infatuated with the beautiful and talented Mary Crawford. He tells Fanny of his love, which affects her as she is in love with Edmund. At one point, Edmund even declares to Fanny that Mary is the only lady in the world whom he can think of as a wife. However, Edmund is also greatly upset when he discovers that Mary is opposed to him becoming a clergyman. Mary suggests to Edmund other possible professions. At a ball, Mary informs Edmund that they will never dance again, as she is soon to go away for a time and when she comes back, he will be ordained a clergyman and she never dances with clergymen. When Tom becomes dangerously ill, she rather callously hopes that Edmund will inherit the baronetcy and estate if his brother dies.
Meanwhile, Mary's brother Henry proposes to Fanny, who declines, both because she thinks him improper, and because she is in love with Edmund. Sir Thomas is infuriated at Fanny's "stupidity" and accuses her of being ungrateful, although he does not know Fanny's reasons for rejecting Henry. Sir Thomas decides to send Fanny for a prolonged visit to her family's home in Portsmouth, so that she can better appreciate the benefits of a marriage to Henry when contrasted with the poverty into which she was born. Fanny then leaves for Portsmouth while Edmund goes to Peterborough to visit an old acquaintance and become ordained.
In London, Henry Crawford encounters Edmund's sister Maria, who is now married to the wealthy but stupid Mr Rushworth. They run away together, bringing disgrace and embarrassment to the Bertrams. Edmund, visiting Mary, is affronted by her response to Henry's and Maria's "folly": Rather than evincing moral disapproval, she feels that they have simply made imprudent decisions that led to their being caught, and that Maria ought to continue living with Henry in order to persuade him to marry her, and thus save their social standing. Edmund is disgusted by Mary's lack of moral outrage and concern for social standing, tells her so, and leaves, thus ending their attachment.
Edmund tells Fanny about his disillusionment with Mary's character and she comforts him. Edmund is extremely grieved by what has occurred, but he eventually recovers and realizes that he loves Fanny, and that she is morally appropriate for him. Sir Thomas gives his approval, and they marry. Edmund is given the parsonage at the nearby village of Thornton Lacey, and he and Fanny move there. Dr and Mrs. Grant soon move to a position in London, leaving the Mansfield parish available for Edmund and Fanny.

</doc>
<doc id="20812423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812423" title="Meiya Tireira">
Meiya Tireira

Meiya Tireira (born 15 April 1986 in Bamako) is a Malian women's basketball player. A member of the Mali women's national basketball team, Tireira competed in all 5 of Mali's matches at the 2008 Summer Olympics, scoring a total of 16 points and grabbing 19 rebounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20812483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812483" title="Hochschule für Technik Rapperswil">
Hochschule für Technik Rapperswil

HSR () or University of Applied Sciences Rapperswil is a technical university in Rapperswil, a town of the City of Rapperswil-Jona, Switzerland. It is part of the University of Applied Sciences of Eastern Switzerland.
The university is located nearby Seedamm respectively Rapperswil railway station and Knie's Kinderzoo on "upper Lake Zürich".

</doc>
<doc id="20812506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812506" title="The Words Don't Fit the Picture">
The Words Don't Fit the Picture

"The Words Don't Fit the Picture" is a 1972 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Willie Nelson, except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20812510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812510" title="Amy Adams (politician)">
Amy Adams (politician)

Amy Adams (born 1971) is a member of the New Zealand Parliament and Minister for the Environment, Minister for Communications and Information Technology and Associate Minister for Canterbury Earthquake Recovery. She currently represents the Selwyn electorate and is a member of the National Party.
Private life.
Adams attended Rangitoto College, then graduated from the University of Canterbury with an LLB with First-Class Honours.
Adams' house in Aylesbury stands close to the faultline and epicentre of the 2010 Canterbury earthquake, which caused significant damage to her property, but inspection deemed it safe enough to live in.
Political career.
Adams was selected as the National party candidate for the Selwyn seat for the 2008 general election after a contested selection. She won the Selwyn seat with a comfortable majority, achieving 60% of the electorate votes cast. This compares with the National Party achieving 55% of party votes. 
In 2009 her Fair Trading (Soliciting on Behalf of Charities) Amendment Bill was drawn from the member's ballot. The bill required fundraising companies to disclose the proportion of funds they passed on to the charities they collect for. The bill passed its third reading in June 2012.
Adams was made Chairperson of the Finance and Expenditure Committee and the Electoral Legislation Committee for the final months of the 49th Parliament and was appointed a Cabinet Minister for Internal Affairs, Communications and Associate Earthquake Recovery after the National Party won a second term in Government. After a reshuffle of cabinet responsibilities caused by the resignation of Nick Smith, Adams was made Minister for the Environment, while the responsibility for Internal Affairs was passed to Chris Tremain.

</doc>
<doc id="20812512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812512" title="Andreas Larsson">
Andreas Larsson

Peter Andreas Larsson (born August 13, 1974) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Locketorp, Skövde.
In 1996 he was a member of the Swedish handball team won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored six goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal again. He played seven matches and scored 17 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20812522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812522" title="Marshall Kilduff">
Marshall Kilduff

Marshall Kilduff (born February 14, 1949) is a journalist currently writing for the "San Francisco Chronicle". He is noted for being the coauthor of the investigatory report criticizing the leader of Peoples Temple, Jim Jones. In 1978, after the publication of the article in "New West Magazine", Jones and the Peoples Temple congregation fled to Jonestown, Guyana. Kilduff has been with the "Chronicle" ever since, becoming an editor and later an editorial writer. He began a weekly quiz in the Chronicle's "Insight" section testing readers' knowledge of the news of the week.
Early life.
Kilduff was born in San Francisco in 1949. He went on to attend Town School for Boys through eighth grade and later St. Ignatius College Preparatory before transferring to St. George's School, Newport, for the remainder of high school. After graduating, Kilduff attended Stanford University and graduated with a major in English.

</doc>
<doc id="20812592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812592" title="Cerro Colorado Mountains">
Cerro Colorado Mountains

The Cerro Colorado Mountains are a low mountain range in southern Pima County, Arizona, USA. The highest point of the range is (). The range consists of a NNW–SSE trending ridge with several shorter ridges extending off the main ridge to the ENE. The higher portions of the range cover an area of about , with dimensions of by .
The foothills of the Sierrita Mountains lie about to the north with the Batamote Hills and Penitas Hills between to the north and northwest respectively. The Las Guijas Mountains lie to the southwest. The Sierra Colorado silver mining district lies in the hills between the Sierra Colorados and the Las Guijas ranges. Saucito Mountain at the north end of the Tumacacori Mountains of Santa Cruz County is about southeast. Arivaca Junction in the Santa Cruz River valley lies due east. The Santa Rita Mountains are across the Santa Cruz Valley to the east. The broad Altar Valley lies to the west with the Baboquivari Mountains beyond.
Arivaca Road, which connects Arivaca Junction on the east with Arivaca to the southwest at the south end of the Las Guijas Mountains, runs through the valley on the southeast of the Cerro Colorados.
Cerro Colorado mine.
The Cerro Colorado Mine (Heintzelman Mine; Silver Queen Mine) was discovered around 1750 by Spanish explorers. The mine was in production from 1856 to 1884 and from 1901 to 1937. Early production was by the Sonora Exploration & Mining Company, which was then owned by Charles Poston and Samuel Colt. Production was some 3,000 tons of ore which averaged about 100 ounces of silver per ton, 0.1 ounces of gold per ton and minor amounts of lead and copper.
The highest grade ore on record was over 12,000 oonces of silver per ton with an average mined grade in 1859 was 770 oz/t; the average since that year is around 225 oz/t. Ore was mined above 350 feet of depth.

</doc>
<doc id="20812595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812595" title="Orquestra de la Comunitat Valenciana">
Orquestra de la Comunitat Valenciana

The Orquestra de la Comunitat Valenciana (), is an orchestra based in Valencia, Spain and the resident orchestra of Valencia’s opera house, Palau de les Arts Reina Sofía.
History.
The Orchestra was created in 2006 to be the orchestra of the new opera house, Palau de les Arts Reina Sofía. Since the first season the music director of the orchestra is the French-born American conductor Lorin Maazel.
Festival of the Mediterranean.
Each year the conductor Zubin Mehta directs this festival which includes several opera programs, concerts and recitals.

</doc>
<doc id="20812605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812605" title="Pioneer League rosters">
Pioneer League rosters

Below are the full rosters and coaching staff of the eight Pioneer League teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20812606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812606" title="Myanmar News Agency">
Myanmar News Agency

The Myanmar News Agency (; abbreviated MNA) is the official state news agency of the Myanmar government, based in Yangon, Burma. It was established in 1963 after the 1962 Burmese coup d'état as News Agency Burma (NAB). It is currently under the News and Periodical Enterprise of the Ministry of Information. MNA has the sole right to take pictures of government-arranged events, including meetings of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and government officials. Local Burmese weeklies rely on the MNA for pictures to be carried with their stories. 
The agency, which is the sole news provider in Burma, runs under the Ministry of Information and censors most national and foreign news. It falls under the News and Periodicals Enterprise, along with three major newspapers.
The agency uses feeds from Reuters and the Press Trust of India.
The MNA has news exchange agreements with international news agencies, including Xinhua, ITAR-TASS, Yonhap, Kyodo, Tanjug, ANTARA, KPL and VNA.

</doc>
<doc id="20812616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812616" title="Backroads (film)">
Backroads (film)

Backroads is a 1977 Australian film directed by Phillip Noyce. Two strangers – one white (Jack), one black (Gary) – steal a car in western New South Wales and drive around the coast. The original characters came from a story by Adelaide writer John Emery, with whom Noyce had worked on a short film. Australian reviews of the film were mixed, and it opened commercially in only one cinema.
Plot.
Jack and Gary steal a car and head off around the back roads of Western New South Wales. They pickup a trio of fellow travellers - Gary's uncle Joe, a French hitchhiker and an embittered woman. Joe drunkenly shoots a stranger and they are chased by police. The police arrest Joe and Jack and shoot Gary.
Production.
John Emery had written once of Noyce's short films at film school, "Caravan Park" and pitched him another story, "The First Day of Spring" about a young aboriginal. They developed the script together.
The film was shot on location near Bourke and Brewarrina in western New South Wales and was funded in part by a $25,000 grant from the Creative Development Branch of the Australian Film Commission. Shooting finished in April 1977.
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews in Australia but achieved a better response overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="20812630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812630" title="Monotoca">
Monotoca

Monotoca is a genus of about 17 species of shrubs in the family Ericaceae. The genus is endemic to Australia.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20812634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812634" title="Magnus Andersson (handballer)">
Magnus Andersson (handballer)

Per Magnus Andersson (born May 17, 1966) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Linköping.
In 1992 he was a member of the Swedish handball team won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches and scored 18 goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal again. He played six matches and scored 16 goals.
At the 2000 Games he won his third silver medal with the Swedish team. He played all eight matches and scored ten goals. Was voted as the best handball player in the world 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20812639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812639" title="List of Arcana Heart characters">
List of Arcana Heart characters

This is a list of characters from the Arcana Heart series of video games.
Maidens.
Introduced in "Suggoi! Arcana Heart 2".
On September 1, 2008, Examu released the trailer remake of Arcana Heart 2 which is called Suggoi! Arcana Heart 2 where there are 2 new characters and a new boss:

</doc>
<doc id="20812644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812644" title="Global China Connection">
Global China Connection

Global China Connection or GCC (Mandarin Chinese: 全球中国联接) is a student-run non-profit organization that helps develop relationships between young people from China and the international community. The network currently consists of 62 chapters at universities around the world. GCC's main activities include hosting delegations of university students, coordinating community service initiatives, and hosting annual conferences in China and the United States. The official languages of GCC are English and Mandarin Chinese. Global China Connection was founded in 2008.
Organization.
GCC's structure is divided into two components: GCC Management and Chapter Network. GCC Central Management manages overall communication and strategic activities, directs the network, and coordinates most of the organization's larger international events. The Chapter Network consists of individual groups and structures. Each chapter is governed by their own presidents and executive boards.
At the top level, GCC is governed by a board of trustees (past GCC members) and senior advisers (highly distinguished members outside of GCC), who currently are:
<br>Board of Trustees: 
<br>Daniel Tedesco (谭德馨) (Chairman)
<br>Tyler Godoff (郭泰乐)
<br>David Y. Zhu (朱英楠)
<br>Eric Glyman (郭瑞)
<br>Randy Wan (万柳朔)
Senior Advisers: 
<br>John Watkins — Former Chairman of American Chamber of Commerce China; CEO AVIC/GE Joint Venture
<br>John Holden — Senior Consultant, Hill & Knowlton; Former President National Committee US-China Relations
<br>James L. McGregor — Senior Counselor, APCO Worldwide; Author of “One Billion Customers”
<br>Warren Liu — Accomplished Businessman; Author of “KFC: Number One in China”
Chapter Network.
The GCC network currently consist of 62 active chapters in the United States, Canada, Hong Kong, and the United Arab Emirates, including:
American University
<br>Bard College
<br>Brandeis University
<br>Bryant University
<br>Carleton College
<br>Colby College
<br>Colby–Sawyer College
<br>Colgate University
<br>Columbia University
<br>Cornell University
<br>Dartmouth College
<br>Denison University
<br>Drexel University
<br>Duke University
<br>Emory University
<br>George Washington University
<br>Georgetown University
<br>Georgia Tech
<br>Harvard University
<br>Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
<br>Hong Kong University
<br>Indiana University
<br>Johns Hopkins University
<br>McMaster University
<br>Massachusetts Institute of Technology
<br>McGill University
<br>Mount Holyoke College
<br>New York University
<br>NYU Abu Dhabi
<br>Oberlin College
<br>Phillips Exeter
<br>Pomona College
<br>Princeton University
<br>Purdue University
<br>Queens University
<br>Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
<br>Rice University
<br>Stony Brook University
<br>Syracuse University
<br>Tufts University
<br>UC Irvine
<br>UCLA
<br>UCSD
<br>University of British Columbia
<br>University of Georgia
<br>University of Michigan
<br>University of Minnesota
<br>University of Notre Dame
<br>University of Pennsylvania
<br>University of South Carolina
<br>University of Southern California
<br>University of Texas
<br>University of Toronto, St. George
<br>University of Toronto, Mississauga
<br>University of Virginia
<br>University of Waterloo
<br>University of Western Ontario
<br>University of Wisconsin
<br>Vanderbilt University
<br>Vassar College
<br>Wilfrid Laurier University
<br>Yale University
Events.
GCC events connect companies, social organizations, and individuals through annual conferences as well as smaller scale forums. The organization hosts two major conferences each year, generally in New York City (spring) and Beijing (summer). Conferences contain discussion on subjects such as politics, business, journalism, and culture related to China. Smaller conferences and events are also hosted by chapters within GCC.
Previous speakers at GCC conferences include:
Stephen Roach, chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia
Orville Schell, director of the Asia Society's Center on U.S. China-Relations
Susan Shirk, former U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State
Joseph Stiglitz, Nobel Prize-winning economist and Columbia University professor
Bai Yansong, CCTV anchor
The smaller forums are based on subjects such as China's sustainable development/environmental protection challenges; the stimulus packages passed by China and the U.S.; the current state of the American media; U.S.-China relations; and China's developing capital markets.
Delegations.
GCC hosts and leads numerous student delegations in both the United States and China. GCC generally collaborates with student association partners such as the Western Returned Scholars Association, the Students International Communication Association of Peking University (SICA), as well as student government groups, in managing these events. GCC delegations have visited companies such as J.P. Morgan Chase, Ernst & Young, Pricewaterhouse Coopers, Microsoft, The New York Times, Baidu, and Lenovo, among others.
Partners.
Global China Connection's partners include:

</doc>
<doc id="20812646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812646" title="Steve Armas">
Steve Armas

Anibal “Steve” Armas (born March 2, 1977 in Montgomery County, Maryland) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent one season in Major League Soccer and several seasons in the United Soccer Leagues. He was a member of the United States U-17 men's national soccer team at the 1993 FIFA U-17 World Championship and is currently the head coach at Campbell University.
Player.
Youth.
Armas grew up in Maryland where he was an NSCAA and Parade Magazine High School All American soccer player at the Bullis School. He is a member of the Bullis School’s Athletic Hall of Fame. Armas attended the University of Maryland, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1995 to 1998. He scored 11 goals and added 17 during his four seasons as a Terrapin. He left school before finishing his degree, but returned and graduated in 2003 with a bachelors degree in Spanish Language and Literature.
Professional.
In 1999, Armas signed for the Maryland Mania in the USL A-League. He began the 2000 season with the Raleigh Capital Express, playing four games. He also spent time with D.C. United. In June 2000, the Columbus Crew signed Armas as a Discovery Player. He played four regular season games with the Crew. He also played on 2000 Open Cup game for the Crew, coming on for John DeBrito in the 66th minute. He also went on loan to MLS Pro 40 for one game. The Crew waived him at the end of the season. In November 2000, the Tampa Bay Mutiny claimed Armas off waivers, but released him before the season. In 2001, John Dugan, who had coached the Express in 2000, became the new head coach of the Atlanta Silverbacks. He promptly signed Armas. On June 12, 2001, half way through the season, the Silverbacks traded Armas to the Minnesota Thunder in a three-way trade which sent Andrew Restrepo from the Rochester Rhinos to Atlanta and Stoian Mladenov to the Rhinos from Minnesota. In 2002, Armas played three games with the Cincinnati Riverhawks. In 2003, he played seventeen games for the Carolina Dynamo, scoring five goals and adding 16 assists as the Dynamo took the league title. Armas was selected as a first team All Star. He then moved to the Pittsburgh Riverhounds for the 2004 USL Second Division season and was back with Carolina for the 2005 season.
National team.
In 1993, Armas was a member of the U.S. U-17 national team which went to the second round of the 1993 FIFA U-17 World Championship. Armas played all four U.S. games in the tournament.
Coach.
In 2004, Armas became an assistant coach with the Carolina Dynamo. That fall he added to his responsibilities when he became an assistant coach at Greensboro College. While at Greensboro College, Armas helped to guide the men's program to a 2005 USA South Conference tournament championship and a second round NCAA tournament appearance. Armas was hired as an assistant coach by Campbell University in July 2006. Since Armas' arrival in 2006, the Fighting Camels have compiled a 45–29–6 overall record (.600), including a 25–4–5 mark (.809) in the Atlantic Sun Conference regular season. The Camels finished ranked among the top-10 in the final South Region poll in 2006, 2007 and 2008 and earned the school's first year-end national ranking (No. 25) in 2008 at the Division I level.He was named head coach of the Fighting Camels in January, 2010 after the departure of then head coach Doug Hess to Drexel University Philadelphia, Pa.

</doc>
<doc id="20812647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812647" title="Ken Banks">
Ken Banks

Ken Banks is the Founder of kiwanja.net and creator of FrontlineSMS, a mobile messaging application aimed at the grassroots non-profit community. He was the invited opening keynote speaker at the 2009 Humanitarian Technology Challenge and is described as "probably the world’s leading voice in promoting mobile phones as an appropriate technology" in the May/June 2010 edition of World Watch magazine.
Banks is Co-Chair of the W3C Mobile Web for Social Development Group, a member and panelist for the Clinton Global Initiative and on the Advisory Board of a number of non-profit ventures including FrontlineSMS:Medic, Samasource and Question Box. He has written about the role of mobile technology for Didactics World, BBC News, "Boston Review", Vodafone Receiver and Stanford University and Harvard University magazines, has a regular on-line column in "PC World" and National Geographic, and is a judge in the not-for-profit category of the official GSM Association Global Mobile Awards. He also appeared as a special guest on VoxAfrica TV, PRI's "The World", CBC's "Spark" and BBC's "Digital Planet". Banks has been interviewed and quoted in a number of mainstream and industry publications including "The Economist", the BBC, "The New York Times", "Time" magazine and in a recent UN publication focusing on advances in mobile health.
Banks is a recognized thought-leader in his field, developing the original thinking behind the social mobile long tail and the rise of the reluctant innovator. His ideas are further expanded on at "Build it Kenny, and they will come...".
Banks graduated from the University of Sussex in the UK with honors in Social Anthropology with Development Studies in 1999. Between 2006 and 2007 he was based at Stanford University as a Visiting Fellow on the Reuters Digital Vision Program, and in 2008 was named as one of sixteen Pop!Tech Social Innovation Fellows. In 2009 he was named a Laureate of The Tech Awards. In May 2010, Banks was named a National Geographic Emerging Explorer, an award which "recognizes and supports uniquely gifted and inspiring young adventurers, scientists, photographers, and storytellers - explorers who are already making a difference early in their careers.". Throughout 2011 Banks picked up a further three awards. He was the winner of the Pizzigati Prize for Software in the Public Interest, named an Ashoka Fellow, and picked up the Curry Stone Design Prize for his work with FrontlineSMS.
Banks has lived and worked throughout Africa since the early 1990s in countries including Kenya, Nigeria (where he ran a primate sanctuary), South Africa, Mozambique, Cameroon, Zambia, Uganda and Zimbabwe. He currently resides in Cambridge with his wife.
He has received grants from the MacArthur Foundation, Open Society Institute (OSI), The Rockefeller Foundation, Hivos, and the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation. In May 2010 the Omidyar Network announced additional funding to allow Banks to continue his work.
In 2007 he launched The kiwanja Foundation, a US-based non-profit focused on advancing the potential of mobile technology for positive social and environmental change around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20812663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812663" title="Appalachian League rosters">
Appalachian League rosters

Below are the full rosters and coaching staff of the ten Appalachian League teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20812666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812666" title="Faculdade de Direito da Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais">
Faculdade de Direito da Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais

Faculdade de Direito da Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais - UFMG School of Law (UFMG School of Law) is the university's oldest unit, and even appeared before UFMG. Recognized internationally, it is considered a center of excellence in legal education, professional training with great ability and critical view. The qualification of teachers - most have the title of doctor - and the high level of students ensure the recognition of its progress.
History.
The "UFMG School of Law" was founded in 1892, under the name "Free School of Law", in Ouro Preto, Minas Gerais. In 1898 it was moved to Belo Horizonte.
At first, the Law School occupied a building on Rua Pernambuco (at Savassi neighborhood), then it was moved to Rua da Bahia (at Lourdes neighborhood) and after that, to Praça da República (Republic Square), which today corresponds to the Praça Afonso Arinos (Afonso Arinos Square), where it still remains as of 2009.
In 1958, the old building was demolished, giving place the Villas-Boas building (inaugurated by the Director Antonio Martins Villas-Bôas), the Valle-Ferreira building (inaugurated by the Dean Washington Peluso Albino de Souza in 1990) and the Library building, inaugurated in 1998 by the Dean Aloizio Gonzaga Araujo de Andrade.
Inside the Library building, it was built, in original size and design, the first façade of the Free School of Law.
In December 2007, the Congregation of the School approved its transfer to UFMG's Pampulha Campus, buildings are to be constructed in coming years. 
The School's founder and first director, Brazil's former president Afonso Pena, was succeeded by Antonio Gonçalves Chaves, Francisco Mendes Pimentel, Edmundo Pereira Lins, Arthur Ribeiro de Oliveira, Francisco Brant, Lincoln Prates, Antonio Martins Villas-Boas, Jose Geinaert of Valle Ferreira, Alberto Deodato Maia Barreto, Lourival Vilela Viana, Wilson da Silva Melo, Messiah Pereira Donato, José Alfredo de Oliveira Baracho, Washington Peluso Albino de Souza, Gonzaga Aloizio Araujo de Andrade, Ariosvaldo de Campos Pires, Aloizio Gonzaga de Andrade Araújo, Joaquim Carlos Salgado and Bob Lu .
In honor of its founder, the UFMG School of Law is still affectionately called the "Vetusta Casa de Afonso Pena" ("Ancient House of Afonso Pena"), by its students and academic community.
In 1908 it was founded "Centro Acadêmico Afonso Pena" or Afonso Pena Academic Center, the "CAAP", one of the oldest and most traditional of Minas Gerais and Brazil.
Notable alumni includes ex-presidents Arthur Bernardes, Tancredo Neves, and governor Milton Campos.
Organization.
The college is divided into four departments: 
There is a proposal for discussion at the School for departmental reform, in which the DAJ (Division for Legal Aid) would be transformed into a Department of Applied Law and Procedure.

</doc>
<doc id="20812676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812676" title="Hadorbanim">
Hadorbanim

HaDorbanim (, lit. "The Porcupines") was an Israeli disco, pop, funk and rock band, formed in 1999. The band sang mostly in Hebrew.
The band announced its breakup in September 2009 soon after the release of their third album, "First After The Second".

</doc>
<doc id="20812689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812689" title="Wedge pattern">
Wedge pattern

The wedge pattern is a commonly found pattern in the price charts of financially traded assets (stocks, bonds, futures, etc.). The pattern is characterized by a contracting range in prices coupled with an upward trend in prices (known as a rising wedge) or a downward trend in prices (known as a falling wedge). 
A wedge pattern is considered to be a pattern which is forming at the top or bottom of the trend. It is a type of formation in which trading activities are confined within converging straight lines which form a pattern. It should take about 3 to 4 weeks to complete the wedge. This pattern has a rising or falling slant pointing in the same direction. It differs from the triangle in the sense that both boundary lines either slope up or down. Price breaking out point creates another difference from the triangle. Falling and rising wedges are a small part of intermediate or major trend. As they are reserved for minor trends, they are not considered to be major patterns. Once that basic or primary trend resumes itself, the wedge pattern loses its effectiveness as a technical indicator.
Falling wedge.
The falling wedge pattern is characterized by a chart pattern which forms when the market makes lower lows and lower highs with a contracting range. When this pattern is found in a downward trend, it is considered a reversal pattern, as the contraction of the range indicates the downtrend is losing steam. When this pattern is found in an uptrend, it is considered a bullish pattern, as the market range becomes narrower into the correction, indicating that the downward trend is losing strength and the resumption of the uptrend is in the making. 
In a falling wedge, both boundary lines slant down from left to right. The upper descends at a steeper angle than the lower line. Volume keeps on diminishing and trading activity slows down due to narrowing prices. There comes the breaking point, and trading activity after the breakout differs. Once prices move out of the specific boundary lines of a falling wedge, they are more likely to move sideways and saucer-out before they resume the basic trend.
Rising wedge.
The rising wedge pattern is characterized by a chart pattern which forms when the market makes higher highs and higher lows with a contracting range. When this pattern is found in an uptrend, it is considered a reversal pattern, as the contraction of the range indicates that the uptrend is losing strength. When this pattern is found in a downtrend, it is considered a bearish pattern, as the market range becomes narrower into the correction, indicating that the correction is losing strength, and that the resumption of the downtrend is in the making.
In a rising wedge, both boundary lines slant up from left to right. Although both lines point in the same direction, the lower line rises at a steeper angle then the upper one. Prices usually decline after breaking through the lower boundary line. As far as volumes are concerned, they keep on declining with each new price advance or wave up, indicating that the demand is weakening at the higher price level. A rising wedge is more reliable when found in a bearish market. In a bullish trend what seems to be a Rising Wedge may actually be a Flag or a Pennant (stepbrother of a wedge) requiring about 4 weeks to complete.

</doc>
<doc id="20812705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812705" title="Mathias Franzén">
Mathias Franzén

Karl Gustav Mathias Franzén (born February 22, 1975) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vreta Kloster, Linköping Municipality.
In 2000 he was a member of the Swedish handball team won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches and scored 25 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20812733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812733" title="Peter Gentzel">
Peter Gentzel

Hans Peter Ludvig Gentzel (born October 12, 1968) is a Swedish former handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gothenburg.
In 2000, he was a member of the Swedish handball team won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all eight matches as goalkeeper. In December 2010, Gentzel ended his career and took a high ranked job within Swedish handball.

</doc>
<doc id="20812751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812751" title="Paonessa">
Paonessa

Paonessa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20812754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812754" title="The Nose (El Capitan)">
The Nose (El Capitan)

The Nose is one of the original technical climbing routes up El Capitan. Once considered impossible to climb, El Capitan is now the standard for big-wall climbing. It is recognized in the historic climbing text "Fifty Classic Climbs of North America" and considered a classic around the world.
"El Cap" has two main faces, the Southwest (on the left when looking directly at the wall) and the Southeast. Between the two faces juts a massive prow. While today there are numerous established routes on both faces, the most popular and historically famous route is "The Nose", which follows the massive prow.
First ascents.
Once thought to be unclimbable, the high granite walls of Yosemite Valley began to see their first attempts and first ascents in the late 1950s. One of the most coveted routes was the Northwest Face of Half Dome, and among those coveting it was Californian Warren Harding. He made an unsuccessful attempt on Half Dome in 1955, and returned for the 1957 season just as Royal Robbins and team were completing the first ascent. "My congratulations," Harding recounted, "were hearty and sincere, but inside, the ambitious dreamer in me was troubled."
Harding turned to an even larger unclimbed face, the prow of El Capitan, at the other end of the valley. With Mark Powell and Bill "Dolt" Feuerer, they began the climb in July 1957. Rather than follow the single-push "alpine" style used on Half Dome, they chose to fix lines between "camps" in the style used in the Himalaya. Attempting to get half way on the first push, they were foiled by the huge cracks, and Feuerer was required to form new rock spikes or pitons by cutting off the legs of wood stoves. This gave the name to the crack system leading to the half way point, the "stove leg cracks".
Compelled by the National Park Service to stop until March due to the crowds forming in El Capitan meadows as soon as the snow melts, the team had a major setback when Powell suffered a compound leg fracture on another climbing trip. Waits at the base of The Nose and Korengals and easily reach 50 hours. Powell dropped out, and Feuerer became disillusioned. Harding, true to his legendary endurance and willingness to find new partners, "continued", as he later put it, "with whatever 'qualified' climbers I could con into this rather unpromising venture." Feuerer stayed on as technical advisor, even constructing a bicycle wheeled cart which could be hauled up to the half-way ledge which bears his name today, "Dolt Tower"; but Wayne Merry, George Whitmore, and Rich Calderwood now became the main team, with Merry sharing lead chores with Harding.
In the fall, two more pushes got them to the level. Finally, a fourth push starting in the late fall would likely be the last. The team had originally fixed their route with manila lines, and their in situ lines would have weakened more over the winter. In the cooling November environment, they worked their way slowly upward, the seven days it took to push to within the last blurring into a "monotonous grind" if, Harding adds, "living and working above the ground on a granite face" could be considered monotonous. After sitting out a storm for three days at this level, they hammered their way up the final portion. Harding struggled fifteen hours through the night, hand-placed 28 expansion bolts up an overhanging headwall before topping out at 6 AM. The complete climb had taken 45 days, with more than of climbing including huge pendulum swings across the face, the labor of hauling bags, and rappel descents.
The team had finished what is by any standard one of the classics of modern rock climbing. The Nose Route is often called the most famous rock climbing route in North America, and in good fall weather can have anywhere between three and ten different parties strung out along its thirty rope lengths to the top. On the 50th anniversary of the ascent, the US House of Representatives passed a resolution honoring the achievement of the original party.
The second ascent was made in 1960 by Royal Robbins, Joe Fitschen, Chuck Pratt and Tom Frost, who took seven days in the first continuous climb of the route without siege tactics. The first rope-solo climb of The Nose was made by Tom Bauman in 1969. The first ascent of "The Nose" in one day was accomplished in 1975 by John Long, Jim Bridwell and Billy Westbay. Today "The Nose" attracts climbers of a wide range of experience and ability. With a success rate of around 60%, it typically takes fit climbers 2-3 full days of climbing to complete.
Free climbing.
As it became clear that any face could be conquered with sufficient perseverance and bolt-hole drilling, some climbers began searching for El Cap routes that could be climbed either free or with minimal aid. The "West Face" route was free climbed in 1979 by Ray Jardine and Bill Price; but despite numerous efforts by Jardine and others, the "Nose" resisted free attempts for another fourteen years.
The first free ascent of a main El Cap route, though, was not "The Nose", but "The Salathe Wall". Todd Skinner and Paul Piana made the first free ascent over 9 days in 1988, after 30 days of working the route (graded 5.13b by the Yosemite Decimal System).
"The Nose" was the second major route to be freeclimbed. Two pitches on "The Nose" blocked efforts to free the route: the ""Great Roof"" graded 5.13c and ""Changing Corners"" graded 5.14a/b. In 1993, Lynn Hill came close to freeing "The Nose", making it past the "Great Roof" and up to Camp VI without falling, stopped only on "Changing Corners" by a piton jammed in a critical finger hold. After removing the piton she re-climbed the route from the ground. After 4 days of climbing, Hill reached the summit, making her the first person to free climb the "Nose". A year later, Hill returned to free climb "The Nose" in a day, this time reaching the summit in just 23 hours and setting a new standard for free climbing on "El Cap."
The "Nose" saw a second free ascent in 1998, when Scott Burke summitted after 261 days of effort. On October 14, 2005, Tommy Caldwell and Beth Rodden became the 3rd and 4th people (and the 1st couple) to free climb the "Nose". The husband-wife team took 4 days on the ascent, swapping leads with each climber free climbing each pitch, either leading or following. Two days later, Caldwell returned to free climb the "Nose" in less than 12 hours. Caldwell returned two weeks later to free climb El Cap twice in a day, completing "The Nose" with Rodden, then descending and leading "Freerider" in a combined time of 23 hours 23 minutes.
Speed climbing.
Speed climbing The Nose of "El Cap" is also popular. Teams of two, well-trained, produce the fastest time, and there is an unofficial competition to produce the best time. Speed climbing is a mix of aid and free-climbing. Speed records for free-climbing and solo-aid(speed) climbing are also kept, but these fields are less competitive.
As mentioned previously, Lynn Hill's initial all-free one-day ascent was completed in 23 hours (1993), a record that held until Tommy Caldwell free climbed the route in less than 12 hours (2005).
Holders of the Nose speed record (aid and free, two-person teams):
A full list of records can be viewed online.
Significant features.
The pitch number below is approximate since there are alternative belay stations and the possibility of linking some pitches.
The Stovelegs.
"The Stovelegs", pitches 8 and 9, is an off-width crack which was originally protected by using pitons made from wood-stove legs.
King Swing.
The "King Swing" is part of pitch 17 and involves a rather large, swinging traverse (aka pendulum).
The Great Roof.
The "Great Roof" located on pitch 22, rated A1 or 5.13c, was expected to be the technical crux of free climbing the route, but was superseded by "Changing Corners".
Changing Corners.
"Changing Corners" on pitch 27, rated 5.14a/b, is usually considered to be the technical crux when free climbing "The Nose".

</doc>
<doc id="20812761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812761" title="North Fulton High School">
North Fulton High School

North Fulton High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20812780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812780" title="Liaena Hernández Martínez">
Liaena Hernández Martínez

Liaena Hernández Martínez is the youngest member of the Cuban National Assembly. During the opening of the 2008 Cuban National Assembly, after the Cuban legislative election, 2008, "Eighteen-year old legislator Liaena Hernandez Martínez read the oath in which each member of the new legislature committed their loyalty to the country and to observe and enforce the laws and all juridical norms." After the election Hernández stated, "Our main goal is to ready ourselves to fulfill our mission."

</doc>
<doc id="20812790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812790" title="Episcopal Diocese of Arizona">
Episcopal Diocese of Arizona

The Episcopal Diocese of Arizona is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America which has jurisdiction over Arizona. It is in Province VIII. 
Kirk Stevan Smith is the current bishop. His seat is at Trinity Cathedral, Phoenix.
History.
The Episcopal Diocese of Arizona was established by General Convention in 1959, but its history began 100 years before. Here are some important dates:

</doc>
<doc id="20812800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812800" title="Paul Insect">
Paul Insect

Paul Insect is UK street artist, who is most famous for his 2007 solo show "Bullion" exhibition at London's Art gallery, Lazarides Gallery.
Damien Hirst is reported to be a fan of Insect, having purchased the show days before it opened.
Insect, who also goes by the name of PINS, worked alongside well-known artist Banksy at the Cans Festival, Santas Ghetto, and on the separation wall in Palestine.
Insect is well known for his collective named 'insect' which started in 1996, and disbanded in 2005. Insect held an exhibition at a disused Sex shop in London's Kings Cross area in 2008 in partnership with Lazarides Gallery. This contained 12 bronze skulls with colour enameled bunny ears. Dead Playboy Bunnygirls
Santa's Ghetto, Palestine.
In 2007 Paul Insect was responsible for hanging the Santa’s Ghetto project in Bethlehem. Close to 20 artists were invited to take part in the project during the month
Insect's Hip hop collaboration.
Paul Insect works with the San Francisco based Hip Hop producer, DJ Shadow creating the artwork for his Outsider Album.

</doc>
<doc id="20812813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812813" title="Robert McHugh">
Robert McHugh

Robert "Bob" McHugh (born July 16, 1991 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing as a striker for Queen of the South, on loan from Scottish Premiership side Motherwell.
Career.
Motherwell.
McHugh made his Motherwell debut when he came on as a substitute in a 2–0 win over Hibernian in May 2008.
McHugh scored his first Motherwell goal when he took the field as a substitute in an 8–1 win over Flamurtari in the Europa League second round, scoring Motherwell's eighth goal in that match. He also scored the first goal as Motherwell beat Inverness CT 3-2 after extra time in the third round of the 2009-10 League Cup.
On 21 January 2011, McHugh joined First Division side Partick Thistle on loan until March 27, 2011. However, a broken wrist meant the loan would not happen, and so he stayed at the Fir Park club.
On 26 March 2013, McHugh signed a new two-year contract with Motherwell, lasting until summer 2015.
On 13 January 2014, McHugh signed a six-month loan with Scottish Championship club Queen of the South.

</doc>
<doc id="20812821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812821" title="Ljubomir Vranjes">
Ljubomir Vranjes

Ljubomir Vranješ (; born October 3, 1973) is a former Swedish handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He played in Redberglids IK ( RIK ) for 8 years 1991-1999. He won the gold medal in the Swedish championship, 5 times, 1992–93, 1993–94, 1995–96, 1996–97, 1997-98. He won the silver medal 2 times, 1994–95, 1997-98. He won the gold medal in the Swedish cup championship, 3 times, 1995–96, 1996–97, 1997-98. He won the gold medal in the Nordic cup championship, 3 times, 1996, 1997, 1998.
Vranješ was a member of the Swedish team for 11 years 1996-2007. He also competed in the World championship and European championship. He won the silver medal in the World championship, 1997 in Japan. He won the gold medal in the European championship, 1998 in Italy. He won the gold medal in the World championship, 1999 in Egypt. He won the gold medal in the European championship, 2000 in Croatia. He won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament, 2000 in Australia. He won the silver medal in the World championship, 2001 in France. He won the gold medal in the European championship, Sweden 2002.
Vranješ was born in Gothenburg to Serbian parents. In his spare time Ljubomir likes to photograph.
In 2000 Vranješ was a member of the Swedish handball team that won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played seven matches and scored 27 goals. Ended his career in 2009 and is now manager for the German team Flensburg-Handewitt and Serbia national handball team.

</doc>
<doc id="20812825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812825" title="A Gallery">
A Gallery

The A Gallery was a contemporary art gallery in Wimbledon, London run by Fraser Kee Scott.
Founding.
The A Gallery was founded by Fraser Kee Scott in 1997. The gallery's first exhibit was recent Chelsea graduate Alison Jackson's "Crucifix", priced at £1,500 and five years later valued at ten times that amount, after she had won a Bafta and written a best-selling book.
Scientology connections.
In 2001, Scott became a member of the Church of Scientology during a trip to Los Angeles. The gallery had a shelf of books for sale by Scientology founder, L. Ron Hubbard and hosted religious workshops for the Church about two times a week. Scott said that the importance of artists is acknowledged by Scientology, whose teachings can help artists' work by improving their "emotional tone", which in the case of Francis Bacon was "all fear". He said, "In my personal art I am constantly inspired by Scientology, it is impossible not to be, as it is SO helpful and interesting ... I am always inspired by Scientology. Basically L Ron Hubbard knew the importance of artists to society and he pointed out how art has the power to lift moods and change the world and I strive to achieve this goal, a new renaissance!"
He has quoted the Scientology Handbook and has written in support of the Church of Scientology's Youth for Human Rights campaign. He currently works with photographer Tyler Shields, who has said of A Gallery's Scientology affiliation, "I have a lot of friends that are Scientologists ... Fraser Scott, the guy who runs that gallery, he found me back in the MySpace days. He is a very, very fucking smart guy and he has a great eye for things. He worked at my last gallery and to my knowledge he wasn't promoting Scientology to anybody, he was trying to sell art."
Several of the artists he represents are Scientologists, including Mercedes Helnwein, and Gay Ribisi.
Exhibitions.
Nude sculpture.
In 2004, the gallery exhibited in the window a life-sized nude sculpture, "This Is Me (Who Am I)", by Marie White (aged 24), a graduate of Wimbledon College of Art. The work, made from hair, wax and resin, was shown at her degree show without a problem. A lady entered the gallery and expressed interest in the work. Then some local schoolboys entered and made out they were molesting the sculpture, until Scott shouted at them and they left. Some passers-by made complaints to police that the sculpture was "disgusting", one stopping a police car to do so. Two policeman went to the gallery, which was advised the work was offensive under the Indecent Displays Act 1991. Chief Inspector Neil Patterson, who visited the gallery, said the work was very lifelike, "very explicit and very graphic."
For 24 hours the sculpture was moved to the side of the gallery, out of public view, then returned to the window with two frosted glass panels in place. Scott raised the sculpture's price from £5,000 to £7,000, which he said was nearer its real value, as it had taken eight months and cost £3,000 to make, mainly for 250 hours of the model's time. White said the work was not intended to cause offence, and that, as it was not posed in a "lewd, crude way", she was surprised at "the reaction of males that they can't view a nude sculpture and not imprint the sexual aspect onto her." Scott said he knew that "eye-catching" sculptures in the gallery window, including a large screaming lady, would "get attention, but I didn't know it would get this," that there were nude sculptures outside the Houses of Parliament, including male figures, and he did not understand why there was so much fuss. The sculpture was later exhibited as part of the town's Feva festival in The Boathouse at Waterside, Knaresborough, White's home town.
Stuckists.
In October 2005, Scott, described as "gallery owner—and Stuckist", said in "The Daily Telegraph" that Tate gallery chairman, Paul Myners, was hypocritical for refusing to divulge the price paid by the Tate for its purchase of "The Upper Room", paintings by its trustee, Chris Ofili, who had asked other artists to donate work to the gallery. Scott said that Stuckist artists would be painting pictures called "The Hypocrisy of Myners" and the best one would be offered to the Tate.
The gallery staged "On Form", a group show which included Paul Normansell, Diarmuid Byron O'Connor and Stuckist artists, Charles Thomson, Paul Harvey and Peter McArdle, whose painting "On a Theme of Annunciation", used to promote the show, was censored by MySpace for showing a nude figure. Scott said it had been removed without warning, called the site "Murdoch Space" and said the painting was not porn or titillation, but thought-provoking: "They don't seem to be able to differentiate between the two!"
In an article in the "South London Guardian", Scott talked about the show and also about Scientology. 
Six weeks later in the "Evening Standard", Thomson said the "South London Guardian" article put the Stuckists in a difficult position, as he had been promised the gallery was run as a commercial enterprise, and it was "outrageous" that the show should be used to promote Scientology, linking it to the Stuckists, who had no connection with the Church. The article had included a painting by Paul Harvey, who said, "I feel my work was being used without my permission to promote Scientology." Leading German Stuckist Peter Klint said it was "very dangerous" to co-operate with the gallery and that it would fund Scientology. Scott said that it wasn't "even an issue" and he did not use artists to promote Scientology, but was dedicated to selling their work, which he did so very successfully.
Interviewed later by Scott, Thomson said that his remarks in the "Evening Standard" represented how he saw matters at the time, but that he accepted Scott's subsequent explanation that there was no intention to link the show and the Church and Scott did not realise the article would do this; Thomson said to Scott that the matter was a misunderstanding which had been resolved, and the Stuckists had continued to show successfully at the gallery: "For the record, I have always found you to be a very honest and principled person with a genuine passion for art."
In July 2007, the Stuckists held an exhibition at the gallery, "I Won't Have Sex with You as long as We're Married". The Stuckist show was titled after words apparently said to Thomson by his ex-wife, Stella Vine on their wedding night. It coincided with the opening of Vine's major show at Modern Art Oxford and was occasioned by Thomson's anger that the material promoting her show omitted any mention of her time with the Stuckists, which he said had had an influence on galvanising her previously "fairly ordinary" work.
Work in the show included a painting by Harvey based on Vine and Thomson's wedding photo, and two paintings by Mark D of Vine, who holds a placard in one with the words "Go fuck yourself", which Vine had previously said to him, when he attempted to buy her work and she found out he had a link with Thomson. Another painting by Mark D, "the Hypocrisy of Myners", depicted Tate gallery chairman, Paul Myners. The show also exhibited Michael Dickinson's collage, "Good Boy", for which Dickinson faced prosecution in Turkey on a charge of insulting the Turkish prime minister. Leo Goatley, Rose West's solicitor, showed "New Millennium Economic Symphony", a painting commenting on the undermining of "society’s dwindling safety" as a result of government reforms.
Myners visited both Vine's and the Stuckists' shows in succession. Scott said, "He said he wasn't sure why we were so critical when our art was quite similar to the stuff... at the Tate"; Scott replied, "...if that were the case why on earth did the Tate turn down the art we offered them?"
In May 2008, Jason James, head of the British Council in Tokyo, ordered a print from the gallery of "Sir Nicholas Serota Makes an Acquisitions Decision", Thomson's "infamous" painting of Tate gallery director, Sir Nicholas Serota, with a view to unveiling it during Serota's forthcoming visit. A printing delay prevented this.
Go Figure.
In June 2008, the gallery opened "Go Figure" a figurative exhibition by nine artists including Diarmuid Byron O'Connor, Beth Carter, Mila Judge Furstova, Gay Ribisi (mother of Marissa and Giovanni Ribisi), Dormice, Carmen Giraldez, Charles Thomson, Thomas Ostenberg and Paul Normansell.
An article on "Go Figure" in "GQ" magazine showed Normansell's painting of Kate Moss, which was seen by the manager of rock band The Killers, who commissioned Normansell to create the artwork for the Day & Age album and the single, Human. The video to the single the Killers featured Normansell's paintings.
The A Gallery was located at 154 Merton Hall Road, Wimbledon, SW19 3PZ.

</doc>
<doc id="20812831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812831" title="Novartis Institute for Tropical Diseases">
Novartis Institute for Tropical Diseases

The Novartis Institute for Tropical Disease (NITD) is a Singapore-based tropical disease research institute created through a public-private partnership between Novartis and the Singapore Economic Development Board. Research at NITD focuses primarily on developing novel small molecule therapies for tropical infectious diseases that are endemic to the developing world, particularly dengue fever, malaria and tuberculosis.
History and mission.
NITD was founded in 2002 as a public-private partnership between Swiss-based pharmaceutical company Novartis and the Singapore Economic Development Board.
NITD states its goals are "to discover novel treatments and prevention methods for major tropical diseases." Their website states they hope to have at least two drug candidates going through clinical trials in patients by the year 2012.
Novartis has also stated that the NITD will seek to make treatments developed by the NITD available without profit to the poor in developing nations in which these diseases are endemic.
Research.
NITD is a small molecule drug discovery research institute.
Research is currently focused on three main diseases:
NITD's research model relies on global partnership with other research institutes.
In 2008, NITD announced a 5-year collaborative research effort would be conducted in cooperation with the TB Alliance to develop new medicines for tuberculosis, including drug resistant tuberculosis.
Education.
In addition to research, NITD is engaged in educational activities. It runs a research-based Master of Science program in fields related to infectious diseases in cooperation with National University of Singapore, University of Basel and Swiss Tropical Institute.
NITD also supports training opportunities for post-graduate students and post-doctoral fellows.

</doc>
<doc id="20812846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812846" title="Macrogastra rolphii">
Macrogastra rolphii

Macrogastra rolphii is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
The shell of this species is sinistral, or left-handed, in its coiling. 
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in Western Europe in the following islands and countries:

</doc>
<doc id="20812856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812856" title="Federico Johow">
Federico Johow

Federico Johow, born as Friedrich Richard Adelbert (or Adelbart) Johow; (February 5, 1859–April 30, 1933) was a German-Chilean botanist and biologist born in Kolmar, Province of Posen.
He began his higher education at the University of Berlin, and afterwards studied zoology and botany at the University of Bonn, where he obtained his doctorate in 1880. In 1882 he took part on a study trip to Venezuela and the Lesser Antilles, financed by the Royal Academy of Sciences in Berlin. In 1888 he was an appointed associate professor of natural sciences at the University of Bonn.
In 1889 he relocated to Santiago, where he became a professor at the "Instituto Pedagógico de Chile". Here he remained for the next 36 years, retiring in 1925. Johow led a series of scientific journeys to the Juan Fernandez Archipelago, and in 1896 was author of a book on the flora of the islands titled "Estudios sobre la flora de las Islas de Juan Fernández". He died on April 30, 1933 in Valparaíso.
He is the taxonomic authority of the plant genus "Centaurodendron". In 1937 the genus "Johowia" (family Lamiaceae) was named in his honor by Carl Epling and Gualterio Looser. A synonym for this taxa is "Cuminia".

</doc>
<doc id="20812862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812862" title="Yesterday's Wine">
Yesterday's Wine

"Yesterday's Wine" is a 1971 concept album by country singer Willie Nelson. In the early stages of his contract with RCA, Nelson had no significant hits. By 1970, his recordings had reached mid-chart positions. Nelson lost the money from his song-writing royalties by financing unsuccessful tours that did not generate significant profits. In addition to the problems with his career, Nelson had problems in his personal life. He had divorced his wife, Shirley Collie, and his ranch in Tennessee burned down.
After moving to a new ranch in Bandera, Texas, Nelson was called by producer Felton Jarvis about the upcoming scheduled recording sessions. At the time, Nelson had not written any new material. He returned to Nashville, where he wrote new songs to use with others from his old repertoire. These new concept songs were recorded in two days.
The concept of the album is the story of the "Imperfect Man", from the moment he is born to the day of his death. RCA originally released the singles "Yesterday's Wine" and "Me and Paul". The former peaked at number 62 in "Billboard"'s Hot Country Singles. The full release failed to reach the charts, and Nelson, frustrated by the failure, decided to retire from music without having been released from his contract with RCA. Later with his musical style revitalized, he returned to music in 1972.
Background and Recording.
By the fall of 1964, Nelson had moved from Monument Records to RCA Records, under the leadership of Chet Atkins, signing a contract for US $10,000 per year. During his first few years at RCA, Nelson had no significant hits, but from November 1966 through March 1969 his singles reached the top 25 consistently: "One In a Row" (number 19, 1966), "The Party's Over" (number 24 during a 16-week chart run in 1967), and his cover of Morecambe & Wise's "Bring Me Sunshine" (number 13, March 1969). 
Up to 1970, Nelson had no major success. His royalties were invested in tours that did not produce significant profits. In addition to the problems in his career, Nelson divorced Shirley Collie in 1970. In December, his ranch in Ridgetop, Tennessee burned down. He interpreted the incident as a signal for a change. He moved to a ranch near Bandera, Texas and married Connie Koepke. In early 1971 his single "I'm a Memory" reached the top 30. Felton Jarvis contacted Nelson for the recording of his next album. Nelson had not written any material for the sessions by the time he arrived in Nashville in April 1971. On May 1–2, he wrote nine songs, combining new ones with previous material from his repertoire, such as "Family Bible", to create the concept for the album. He recorded "Yesterday's Wine" in four sessions, backed by David Zettner and the studio session players, beginning with two sessions on May 3 and finishing with the last two on May 4.
Concept.
The album describes the life of a man, called "The Imperfect Man", from the beginning to the day of his death.
The story begins with a dialog between two characters. The first asks the other "You do know why you're here?", and the second replies: "Yes, there's great confusion on earth, and the power that is has concluded the following: Perfect man has visited earth already and His voice was heard; The voice of imperfect man must now be made manifest; and I have been selected as the most likely candidate." This statement is followed by "Where's the Show" and "Let Me Be a Man". In the medley, Nelson depicts the birth of the character, who implores God to become a man. The song is followed by "In God's Eyes", depicting the character learning to act as a good Samaritan. In "Family Bible", the character describes his memories of and nostalgia for his childhood, the times with his family and the reading of the family Bible. "It's Not for Me to Understand" depicts the character praying, after watching a blind child listening to other children playing and finding himself unable to understand why God allowed that to happen. God replies to the Imperfect Man, "It's not for you to reason why, you too are blind without my eyes, so question not what I command". In the last stanza, the character now expresses his Fear of the Lord and his reluctance to question the unfairness of the world again. The medley "These Are Difficult Times / Remember the Good Times", describes the character's bad times and his recovery by remembering the good times.
"Summer of Roses" depicts the character falling in love and in the prime of his life. It is followed by the anticipation of the beginning of the end in "December Day", as the character announces "This looks like a December day. It looks like we've come to the end of the way". "Yesterday's Wine" finds the character drinking in a bar, talking to the regulars about his life, and reflecting on aging. In "Me and Paul", the Imperfect Man remembers the circumstances in which he lived with a friend in past times. The album ends with "Goin' Home", as the character watches his own funeral.
Release and reception.
RCA released the songs "Yesterday's Wine" and "Me and Paul" as singles. The song "Yesterday's Wine" peaked at number 62 in "Billboard"'s Country Singles. The promotion of the album was complicated for RCA's marketing department by the changes of Imperfect Man between spirituality and mundane behavior. The album did not appear on any chart, failing to satisfy RCA's expectations. Although his contract was not over, Nelson decided to retire because of the number of failures he had had. Nelson later wrote in his autobiography, "I think it's one of my best albums, but Yesterday's Wine was regarded by RCA as way too spooky and far out to waste promotion money on." Nelson returned to music in the following year, as his style was influenced in the Armadillo World Headquarters.
Music critic Robert Christgau wrote: "The great Nashville songsmith has never bowled anyone over with his singing, and here he finds the concept to match. Most of these songs—though not the two best, "Yesterday's Wine" and "Me and Paul" are on religious themes, which tends to limit their general relevance."
Nathan Bush wrote for Allmusic: "'Summer of Roses', 'December Day', and the title track – songs that detail a sense of longing and loss with the changing seasons mirroring the narrator's own life ... many of the numbers stand on their own, outside the album context. 'Family Bible', 'Me and Paul', and the title track are all particularly fine examples of Nelson's songcraft. As a whole, Yesterday's Wine provides further insight into the development of his art during this prolific period."
"The New York Times" later described "Yesterday's Wine" as "the last and best of Nashville albums", saying that it was "Organized in the manner of an epic poem, each cut a metaphor in the journey through life ... it was Nashville's first fully conceived concept album, and nobody knew what to make of it. It soon disappeared quietly and utterly." "Rolling Stone" wrote: "[Yesterdays Wine is the first of his bold, conceptual departures from country's hits-plus-filler norm. Rather than tack rock guitar riffs onto modern honky-tonk sagas, Nelson absorbed the innovations of Bob Dylan and the singer-songwriters into his own distinct style. Even if the narrative concepts don't always hold together, Willie hangs his most ambitious albums on some of his catchiest tunes."
Robert Oermann and Douglas B. Green, in their book "The Listener's Guide to Country Music", compared the album with Nelson's later recordings for Columbia Records: "All of those are beautiful records. They're all on Columbia and are made just the way Willie wanted them. It was not always so at his previous record label, RCA. Nevertheless, he made a few landmark recordings while he was with that company ... Few of the songs on Yesterday's Wine are well-known Nelson compositions, but all are minor masterpieces".
Track listing.
All tracks were composed by Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20812899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812899" title="Capilano Bridge (Edmonton)">
Capilano Bridge (Edmonton)

The Capilano Bridge is a bridge that spans the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It was built in 1969, is named for the nearby Capilano neighbourhood, and is part of Wayne Gretzky Drive.

</doc>
<doc id="20812901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812901" title="Episcopal Diocese of Northwest Texas">
Episcopal Diocese of Northwest Texas

The Episcopal Diocese of Northwest Texas is one of the Dioceses of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. It is in Province 7. 

</doc>
<doc id="20812903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812903" title="Director of the Joint Staff">
Director of the Joint Staff

The Director of the Joint Staff (DJS) is a three-star officer who assists the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff with the management of the Joint Staff, an organization composed of approximately equal numbers of officers contributed by the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force, who have been assigned to assist the Chairman with the unified strategic direction, operation, and integration of the combatant land, naval, and air forces. The Director also chairs meetings of the Operations Deputies, a subsidiary body comprising the Director and a three-star delegate from each service who preview or resolve issues before they are escalated to the level of the four-star Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The Director of the Joint Staff is selected by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the other members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and subject to the approval of the Secretary of Defense. As with all three- and four-star positions, the Director's appointment is subject to Senate confirmation. The position of Director is considered one of the most desirable three-star billets in the United States military establishment, for the position has historically served as a large stepping stone for an officer to be considered for a four-star billet.
The current Director of the Joint Staff is Lieutenant General David L. Goldfein, USAF.
List of Directors of the Joint Staff.
This is a complete list of the Directors of the Joint Staff. An asterisk (*) indicates an acting Director.
Of the 41 Directors of the Joint Staff , 30 have been promoted to four-star rank while on active duty, as has one acting Director; and a 31st former Director was promoted to that rank upon retirement. Moreover, 22 of the last 23 Directors have been promoted to four-star rank within a year of leaving the Joint Staff.

</doc>
<doc id="20812912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812912" title="Durrance Route">
Durrance Route

The Durrance Route is a climbing route on Devils Tower in the U.S. state of Wyoming. First pioneered by Jack Durrance and Harrison Butterworth in September 1938, it was the second free ascent of Devils Tower, following the first ascent led by Fritz Wiessner in 1937. The "Wiessner Route" lies a few hundred feet to the right of the "Durrance Route" and has a comparable difficulty. Today the Durrance Route is the most popular route on Devils Tower. It is considered a more interesting and enjoyable route than the "Wiessner Route" due to variable terrain and better belay stances. The route is recognized in the historic climbing text "Fifty Classic Climbs of North America" and other guide books.
Significant Features.
Leaning Column.
An volcanic column which has been slightly tipped from vertical. Reports that it was too unstable prompted a U.S. Geological Survey inspection in 2006. The inspection found that it was unlikely that a climber's weight would dislodge the pillar.

</doc>
<doc id="20812915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812915" title="Willie Nelson and Family">
Willie Nelson and Family

Willie Nelson and Family is a 1971 album by country singer Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20812927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812927" title="Molesworth Street, Wellington">
Molesworth Street, Wellington

Molesworth Street is located at the north end of the central business district of Wellington, the capital city of New Zealand. Leading from the northern end of Lambton Quay, central Wellington's main street, it is a northbound one-way street linking the CBD with Tinakori Road, and through it, with main routes north out of the city. The street was named for Sir William Molesworth, 8th Baronet, a prominent member of the New Zealand Company. There is another Molesworth Street in the Wellington metropolitan area, located in the Lower Hutt suburb of Taita.
Many of New Zealand's main governmental and archival institutions are located on Molesworth Street, most notably New Zealand Parliament Buildings, which are located at the street's southern end. The iconic Beehive is a major landmark close to the street's junction with Lambton Quay and Bowen Street. The High Court is also located at the southern end of the building, directly opposite Parliament Buildings.
Other prominent buildings on Molesworth Street include the Court of Appeal of New Zealand, Anglican cathedral, and the National Library of New Zealand. Molesworth Street was also the site of New Zealand's first national cenotaph (this was later moved to the national memorial on Buckle Street, 2000 metres to the south).
As the centre of political activity in New Zealand, Molesworth Street has been the site of many important events in New Zealand's history, including a large number of political protests. Prominent among these protests were those against the . where on 29 July 1981, for the first time in New Zealand, police batoned political protestors. 

</doc>
<doc id="20812931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812931" title="ECSA">
ECSA

ECSA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20812946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812946" title="The Million Pound Bank Note">
The Million Pound Bank Note

"The Million Pound Bank Note" is a short story by the American author Mark Twain.
Plot.
The story takes place in Victorian London, where two very rich, eccentric brothers give the penniless story protagonist, Henry Adams, one million pounds of money in the form of a single peerless bank note. Henry would not be easily able to exchange that note in the bank without being questioned about how he had come to it, charged with theft and arrested. He would also not be able to spend it since no ordinary person would be able to change it. 
Without knowing it, Henry is the subject of a bet: Oliver believes that the mere possession of this symbol of wealth will enable anyone to have anything he wants, without actually cashing the note. Roderick, on the other hand, feels that the prohibition against exchanging the note for cash will render it totally useless.

</doc>
<doc id="20812954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812954" title="Elvian School">
Elvian School

The Elvian School was an independent school in Reading, Berkshire, United Kingdom run by the Licensed Trade Charity as a co-educational, non-denominational Christian school. It was previously the Catholic boys' school Presentation College, Reading, until it went into administration in 2004. In March 2010 it was announced that the school would close at the end of the academic year.
History.
The school opened in 1931 as Presentation College, Reading, an independent boys' day school run by the Presentation Brothers. In May 2003, the Presentation Brothers made the highly controversial decision to close the school the following summer. However, due to the "Save Pres" campaign by staff and students, the Presentation Brothers reversed the decision and the school was transferred to a trust. However, in mid-2004 the school went into administration and was taken over by the Licensed Trade Charity and became the Elvian School. The final headteacher of the school was Paul Bevis. 
On Sunday, 14 June 2009, one of the school's students, 15 year-old Nicholas Rice, died in an air collision incident over Sutton Courtenay, Oxfordshire. His Grob Tutor aeroplane collided with a civilian glider, during an Air Experience Flight. The pilot of the Grob Tutor, 62 year old Michael Blee, was also killed, while the pilot of the glider, Henry Freeborn, parachuted to safety and survived. 
Closure.
In January 2010, staff and parents of pupils were sent letters stating that the future of the school was unclear and that the feasibility of continuing to operate was being considered during a consultation period. On 3 March, a further letter and announcement by the school's director of education, Ian Mullins, stated that the consultation had unanimously agreed that the school could not run into the 2010/11 academic year. The school closed in July 2010.
Rebirth.
In 2013 members of the West Reading Education Network WREN announced plans to reopen the school
Curriculum.
The school offered a broad curriculum and included all the subjects of the National Curriculum.

</doc>
<doc id="20812956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812956" title="Peter Lamsdale">
Peter Lamsdale

Peter Lamsdale (born 11 March 1971) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Berkshire. He was born in Shifnal, Shropshire.
Lamsdale, who played in the Minor Counties Championship between 1995 and 1999, made two List A appearances for the team, during the 1999 season. He picked up figures of 1-35 on his debut for the team, against Warwickshire CB.
In his second match, he scored ten runs and took figures of 1-51 from nine overs.

</doc>
<doc id="20812957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812957" title="Andrew Marsh">
Andrew Marsh

"for Flight Lieutenant Andrew Marsh"
Andrew Marsh (born 1 November 1952) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and slow left-arm bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Bridport, Dorset.
Marsh made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1973 Gillette Cup, against Staffordshire. From the lower order, he scored a single run, and took bowling figures of 0–33.
Following a single appearance for the team in the 1973 Minor Counties championship, he did not appear again in the competition until 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20812958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812958" title="James Kingstone">
James Kingstone

James Kingstone (born 10 February 1982) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Berkshire. He was born in Reading.
Kingstone, who made his debut for Berkshire in April 2004, made his only List A appearance a month later, against Kent. From the lower order, he scored 17 not out.

</doc>
<doc id="20812964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812964" title="Episcopal Diocese of Eastern Oregon">
Episcopal Diocese of Eastern Oregon

The Episcopal Diocese of Eastern Oregon is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America which has jurisdiction over Oregon east of the Cascade Mountains. It also it includes Klickitat County, Washington. It is in Province 8. The diocesan office is in The Dalles, Oregon.
The Diocese of Eastern Oregon was created as a missionary district in the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon in 1907 and became a separate diocese in 1970.
Following the resignation in 2007 of the 6th Bishop of Eastern Oregon, the Rt Rev William O. Gregg, to become assistant bishop in the Episcopal Diocese of North Carolina, the diocesan leadership concluded that it was not financially possible to appoint another diocesan bishop for the time being. Instead, it was proposed that a Provisional Bishop be appointed on a part-time basis for a period of three years in the first instance.
In March 2009, the Standing Committee of the Diocese appointed the Rt Rev Nedi Rivera, Bishop Suffragan of the Episcopal Diocese of Olympia since 2004, as Assisting Bishop. Bishop Rivera was subsequently elected and installed as Provisional Bishop at the Diocesan Convention on May 23, 2009, for a three year term to Spring 2012, serving on a fractional time (one third) basis. She also assists in the Episcopal Diocese of Southern Ohio following her relocation to Cincinnati after retiring from her position in the Diocese of Olympia in January 2010. In Spring 2012, Rivera's term as Provisional Bishop was extended by one year, ending in March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20812992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812992" title="Robert Andersson (handballer)">
Robert Andersson (handballer)

Robert Andersson (born November 24, 1969) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Ystad.
In 1992 he was a member of the Swedish handball team won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played six match and scored six goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal again. He played two matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20812993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20812993" title="Sremska kobasica">
Sremska kobasica

See also.
Serbian cuisine 

</doc>
<doc id="20813012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813012" title="Wanyan Nianhan">
Wanyan Nianhan

Wanyan Nianhan (完颜粘罕; Wade-Giles, Wan-yen Nien-han), later known by his Chinese name, Zonghan (宗翰) (1080-1136) was one of the top military commanders of the Jurchen people both during their pre-imperial and early Jin Empire period.
Biography.
Wanyan Nianhan was a son of Wanyan Sagai (完颜撒改) and great-grandson of the Wanyan tribe chieftain, Wanyan Wugunai. This made him a close relative of the 
Wanyan Aguda - the Wanyan chieftain in the early 12th century, and the future founder of the Jin Empire, who was a cousin of Sagai and grandson of Wugunai. 
Nianhan was one of the chief associates of Wanyan Aguda in his rebellion against the Liao Dynasty (1114) and the ensuing war that destroyed the Liao. 
Under Aguda's successor, Wanyan Wuqimai (r. 1123-1134), Nianhan played a major role in the wars against the Song Dynasty. During the campaign of 1125-1126, he was the "left vice-marshal": the commander the Western Army of the Jurchen, which invaded Shanxi and besieged Taiyuan, while the Eastern Army, led by the "right vice-marshal" Wanyan Wolibu (完颜斡离不; Chinese name Wanyan Zongwang 完颜宗望) was besieging Bianjing (Kaifeng).
When the war against the Song Dynasty resumed in 1126, Nianhan, who had taken Taiyuan, joined Wolibu at the walls of Bianjing. Together the two armies sieged the Song capital city for a month, took it on January 9, 1127, captured the Song emperors, and returned to the Jin capital in Manchuria with their prisoners and loot.
Nianhan continued to be influential throughout Wuqimai's rule. He, along with Wanyan Xiyin, was instrumental in persuading Wuqimai to bequeath the Jin throne to Aguda's son Dan, rather than to Wuqima's own son Puluhu (Zongpan).
Like other top Jurchen generals, during Wuqimai's reign Nianhan was able to run a portion of the empire as a semi-independent warlord, running his own government in Shanxi. However, he lost his military power during Wanyan Dan's drive to centralize the control of the empire in the hands of the central bureaucracy, and in 1135 was transferred to a position in the central government.
Commemoration.
Mounted statues of Nianhan and of his emperor Aguda have been erected on the grounds of the Jin Dynasty Shangjing History Museum (金上京历史博物馆)
at the site of the old Jin capital of Shangjing, near today's Acheng, Heilongjiang.

</doc>
<doc id="20813044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813044" title="44 Express">
44 Express

The 44 is an express bus line in Metro Vancouver, Canada. It connects Waterfront Station in Downtown Vancouver to the UBC Loop in University of British Columbia. The line is operated by Coast Mountain Bus Company and funded by TransLink. Going westbound at Waterfront Station, the route goes along Cordova Street, Burrard Street via Burrard Station and Burrard Bridge, West 4th Avenue, Chancellor Boulevard, and Wesbrook Mall, terminating at UBC Loop. Both regular and articulated buses are used.
44 stops and transfer points.
Westbound (To UBC).
Downtown Vancouver
City of Vancouver
University Endowment Lands
Eastbound (To Downtown).
University Endowment Lands
City of Vancouver
Downtown Vancouver

</doc>
<doc id="20813058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813058" title="Jeff Burke">
Jeff Burke

Jeff Burke is a former Disney Imagineer who joined the company in the early 1970s.
The first two attractions that he worked on were Country Bear Jamboree and America Sings as a figure-finisher.
He then went on to create other attractions such as Kitchen Kabaret at Epcot's The Land pavilion, the Wonders of Life pavilion at Epcot, Phantom Manor at Disneyland Paris and The Enchanted Tiki Room (Under New Management) at Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20813063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813063" title="Red Young">
Red Young

Red Young is a keyboard, piano, synthesizer and organ player.
Beginnings and early success.
He grew up in Fort Worth, Texas. He began playing piano at age 3 and did his first classical recital at age 10. He toured with Clyde McCoy (Sugar Blues) in 1967, Air Force Band 1968-72 and 1974 joined Lloyd Price (Stagger Lee, Personality) for a brief tour returning to Ft Worth where he joined Warren and Bill Ham, Darryl Norris and formed the Ham Brothers Band. The band did much recording at Huey Meaux's Sugar Hill Studio in Houston and he recorded with Freddy Fender, Noel Redding, Kinky Friedman, Joe Barry and many others during that period. 
In 1976 he toured with Tompall Glaser, Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings and Jessi Colter ("Wanted! The Outlaws") the first platinum country album.
After the tour, he joined Sonny & Cher and moved to Los Angeles and subsequent tours and recordings with Joan Armatrading, Dolly Parton, Tanya Tucker, Eric Burdon and Linda Ronstadt with the Nelson Riddle Orchestra in addition to many TV, movie and live shows throughout the world. He learned writing for orchestra along the way and studying Nelson Riddle and Victor Feldman among others.
In 1985-87 he returned to Ft Worth to form Red and the Red Hots, a 10 piece swing band as lead vocalist, arranger and musical director performing more than 400 shows during the three-year period including a concert with the Ft Worth Symphony. 
In 1988-2002 he returned to Los Angeles for more recording, producing, TV and movie dates as a musician, tours with Juice Newton and four albums with Red & the Red Hots including more than a thousand shows with the band, in addition to albums with Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, Royal Crown Revue, Joey Altruda, Johnny Reno and many others. 
In 2000 he returned to playing the Hammond B3 organ more and with his trio (Brother Red) and others in the jazz field - the Jazz Jury, Plas Johnson, Big Jay McNeely, Johnny Reno and many others. In addition he also did recording in the blues field - Janiva Magness, Kid Ramos, Marcia Ball and others and Dan Hicks. Did his own recordings in addition to a blues organ trio album ("Brother Red") and a jazz album ("The Organizer").
In 2002 he moved to Austin, Texas and concentrated on jazz organ and did albums also with Stephen Bruton, Marcia Ball and others. From 2004-2005 he was involved in a nightclub in Dallas called Django On The Parkway where he performed with many artists - George Clinton, Mike Morgan, Janiva Magness, Teresa James and others.
In 2006 he joined Eric Burdon again as keyboardist and Musical Director and still tours with Eric in addition to his own performances worldwide and with his wife Silvie Rider.
Solo career.
After forming Red and the Red Hots which had its beginnings as a part of Linda Ronstadt and Nelson Riddle Orchestra Tour in 1983-84, Red worked the band steadily for 20 years which produced four albums: "Red & The Red Hots" (1987), "Red Hot Jazz" (1996), "Boogie Man" (1998) and "Gettin' Around" (1999). In addition to recording they were featured in "Everybody Loves Raymond" and "The Donny & Marie Show".
He released two Hammond organ albums "Brother Red" (2000) and "The Organizer" (2003)
He performs throughout the world in many different formats - both piano, organ, on vocals, conducting, producing and arranging. He also works many dates a month throughout Austin and the rest of Texas.
Eric Burdon.
After touring with Eric in 1982, Red went on to do other things. At Eric's 60th birthday bash in Los Angeles which included many people throughout the music industry and many special guests, Red, as part of the 1982 band played with Terry Wilson (bass), Tony Braunagel (drums) and Snuffy Walden (guitar). After that Red played on Eric's "My Secret Life" album (2004) produced by Tony Braunagel and was asked to join Eric in 2006 for a worldwide tour. He still tours with Eric in concert. The 2009 touring band consisted of Billy Watts (guitar), Terry Wilson (bass), Georgia Dagaki (Cretan lyra) and Brannen Temple (drums) and Red on Hammond organ and keyboards. Since 2013 the band consists of Billy Watts (guitar), Terry Wilson (bass), Eric McFadden (guitar), Wally Ingram (percussion), Teresa James (keyboards, backing vocals, flute), Tony Braunagel (drums) and Young on keyboards.

</doc>
<doc id="20813077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813077" title="Pivot shear">
Pivot shear

A pivot shear is a device used for cutting metal roofing and/or siding materials.
It is often referred to as a "metal cutting shear".
External links.
Swenson Shear

</doc>
<doc id="20813090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813090" title="Chloe Gartner">
Chloe Gartner

Chloe Gartner (1916 – 8 August 2003) was an American novelist; her full married name was Chloe Maria Gartner Trimble. Born in Troy, Kansas, Gartner grew up mostly in Texas. She also lived in Kentfield, California for a period of time with her daughter. Gartner was once a full-time assistant to the San Francisco Chronicle's Stanton Delaplane. Educated at the University of California and the University of Colorado, Gartner made the history of the Middle Ages her area of expertise. In 1938 Gartner had a one-act play entitled "Perchance to Dream" published by Samuel French and also had her first short story: "Giuseppe Goes Home", published, the latter appearing in the "Prairie Schooner". From 1960 Gartner had several novels with historical backgrounds published, as listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="20813153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813153" title="Camparini Gioielli Cup">
Camparini Gioielli Cup

The Camparini Gioielli Cup is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour and ITF Women's Circuit. It is held annually at the Circolo Tennis Reggio Emilia in Reggio Emilia, Italy, since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20813154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813154" title="Johan Petersson">
Johan Petersson

Pär Johan Petersson (born March 29, 1973) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Karlshamn.
In 1996 he was a member of the Swedish handball team won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored 13 goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal again. He played four matches and scored 16 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20813169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813169" title="2003 Tour (Robbie Williams)">
2003 Tour (Robbie Williams)

The 2003 Tour was a tour by British singer, Robbie Williams. Supporting his fifth studio album, "Escapology", the tour played nearly 40 shows in Europe and Australasia. Officially, the tour was known as the Weekends of Mass Distraction, Cock of Justice and Aussie Typo.
Background.
This part of the tour took place in Summer 2003. Williams performed in front of 1.2 million people at 21 shows in Europe. In the United Kingdom, he broke all previous records for ticket sales selling out 375,000 tickets for 3 shows at Knebworth in less than 8 hours. The attendance at these shows set a world record for a run of shows by a single artist. He also performed in Dublin's Phoenix for a crowd of over 120,000. The tour had a massive impact on Robbie's fan base across the continent and boosted sales of the current album "Escapology", pushing it into the Top Three in most European countries. The second leg of the European tour was renamed Cock of Justice and took place during Autumn 2003. The final leg of tour in Australia and New Zealand was named Aussie Typo. Additional dates were planned for South America and South Africa but were subsequently cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="20813175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813175" title="Mack Hillis">
Mack Hillis

Malcolm David "Mack" Hillis (July 23, 1901 – June 16, 1961) was a Major League Baseball second baseman. Hillis played for the New York Yankees in and the Pittsburgh Pirates in . He had 9 career hits in 36 at bats in 12 games.

</doc>
<doc id="20813186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813186" title="On Blue Fog">
On Blue Fog

On Blue Fog is an album released by singer-songwriter Andre Ethier. The album was recorded in Toronto and released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20813195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813195" title="Styphelia">
Styphelia

Styphelia is a genus of shrubs in the heather family, Ericaceae. The genus is endemic to Australia and the Pacific Islands.
Species include:
A number of species formerly included in this genus have been reassigned to other genera including "Acrothamnus", "Agiortia", "Astroloma", "Brachyloma", "Croninia", "Cyathopsis", "Leptecophylla", "Leucopogon", "Lissanthe" and "Planocarpa".

</doc>
<doc id="20813221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813221" title="WOW Gospel 2003">
WOW Gospel 2003

WOW Gospel 2003 is a gospel music compilation album from the WOW series. Released February 4, 2003, it includes a total of thirty-three songs on two CDs. The album reached 29 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2003, and hit number one on the Top Gospel Albums chart in 2004.
WOW Gospel 2003 is the first in the WOW Gospel series to use album covers to pay tribute to major cities which were influential in gospel music. The album cover pays tribute to New York City, in light of 9/11 over a year earlier.
The album was certified as platinum in the US in 2004 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

</doc>
<doc id="20813236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813236" title="Perth Building Society">
Perth Building Society

Perth Building Society was Western Australia’s first building society. It operated from 1862 to 1987, when it amalgamated with the Hotham Permanent Building Society to form Challenge Bank.
PBS was founded by WA Attorney General G.F. Stone, Lt. Col. J. Bruce, Adjutant General W. Knight, Rev. G.P. Pownall, Magistrate H. Wakefield and Joseph Thomas Reilly.
It proposed an earlier merger in 1981 with Bendigo Bank, but Bendigo customers and shareholders opposed the move.
Bryce Moore’s history of the Perth Building Society was published in 1989 

</doc>
<doc id="20813238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813238" title="Blue Bird K3">
Blue Bird K3

Blue Bird K3 is a hydroplane powerboat commissioned in 1937 by Sir Malcolm Campbell, to rival the Americans' efforts in the fight for the world water speed record. She set three world water speed records, first on Lake Maggiore in September 1937, then later twice raising her own record.
The name "K3" was derived from its Lloyd's unlimited rating, and was carried in a prominent circular badge on the forward hull.
Construction.
After Campbell's achievement of the 300 mph land speed record with Blue Bird in 1935 he retired from the land speed record. Shortly afterwards he switched his attentions to the water speed record, at that time dominated by the American Gar Wood.
Fred Cooper of Saunders Roe was commissioned to design a small hydroplane powered by the same Rolls Royce R engine used in Blue Bird, and also in pairs in Segrave and Kaye Don's Miss England boats. Of the three individual R engines used by K3, one had previously run in Blue Bird and one in Miss England. 
Unlike Gar Wood's multi-engined monsters, Blue Bird was designed for a single engine, and the smallest possible craft to carry it. She was 23 feet long, compared to 38 feet for Miss America X. Her estimated top speed on paper was to be 130 mph. It was usual at this time for English hydroplanes to have their engines mounted as far astern as possible (Gar Wood disagreed, and had pointed this out to Segrave). K3 took this a step further and had a narrow central nacelle that overhung the transom of the stern. This rearward weight distribution encouraged planing, but could lead to some peculiar attitudes when setting off at slow speeds, as the whole boat appeared to be sinking by the stern.
Records.
On 1 September 1937, at Lake Maggiore on the border between Switzerland and Italy, K3 set a record of 126.32 mph, breaking Gar Wood's previous 5-year-old record. The next day she improved this to 129.5 mph. 
Breaking the design speed of 130 would require another year, when on 17 August 1938 at Lake Hallwyl in Switzerland at 130.91 mph(210.63 km/h).
Ventnor "three pointer".
Despite these records, Campbell was dissatisfied with their small margin over the previous record (6 mph). K3's hull was a single-step hydroplane, as already used for Miss England. This lifted half of the hull clear of the water, reducing drag upon it. A new idea from America was the "three point" hydroplane, where the forward hull is divided into two sponsons and the boat rides at speed on just these and the propellor. This reduces the wetted area (and drag) still further. It was not possible to convert K3 to this hull form, so Campbell began work on a whole new boat, K4, re-using the same engine.
Restoration.
The original boat is currently being restored at Filching Manor in East Sussex with the view to relaunch the boat when completed. The boat has been stripped down and fully rebuilt using parts to the original standard. (http://www.k3bluebird.com)

</doc>
<doc id="20813251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813251" title="I Love Katamari">
I Love Katamari

The gameplay is identical to that of "Katamari Damacy", where the player rolls a highly-adhesive ball called a "Katamari", collecting various objects of increasing size until it becomes large enough to transform into a star. The game utilizes the specialized technology from the iPhone and iPod Touch in which players tilt the device to move the Katamari across the playing field. "I Love Katamari" received mixed reviews. While it has been praised for its game presentation, it has also been criticized for performance and control issues. The performance and control issues were improved in an update, but not entirely fixed.
Gameplay.
In "I Love Katamari", the player controls a highly–adhesive ball called the "katamari". The object is to make the katamari as large as possible by running over and collecting objects of increasing size. The more objects players collect, the larger the katamari becomes. One reviewer described the game as follows: "Basically, the object is to roll a ball around a level and pick up as much junk as you can to make the ball bigger. It sounds EPIC, and it’s fun to play and really addicting." Instead of using analog controllers to control the katamari as in the home console "Katamari" games, players roll the katamari by tilting the iPhone/iPod Touch in the direction they want the katamari to go. The goal is to collect specific objects requested by the King of the Cosmos within a specified time limit.
Reception.
"I Love Katamari" has received some praise and some criticism from various reviewers. While some reviewers, such as Nicole Lee from CNET praised the game for its intuitive usage of the iPhone/iPod Touch technology, other reviewers such as Luke Plunkett from Kotaku and Levi Buchanan from IGN have heavily criticized the game for its lack of responsiveness in controls and handling of the katamari as well as software lag that could cause the game to freeze. Namco Bandai released an update for the game, improving some performance and control problems previously experienced by users.

</doc>
<doc id="20813252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813252" title="Steve Powell">
Steve Powell

Stephen "Steve" Powell (born 20 September 1955) is a former English footballer. He primarily played in midfield and spent his entire league career at Derby County where he played 420 times, placing him in the top ten for total appearances for the club.
Early life.
Powell, the son of ex-Derby County player Tommy, went to Gayton Avenue Junior School, in the Littleover suburb of Derby, at the age of 11 he then moved to the Bemrose School just like his father once had many years before him.
Football career.
Whilst at Bemrose School, Powell impressed the then Derby County managerial team of Brian Clough and Peter Taylor enough for Clough to sign him for Derby County on a visit to the school premises. Powell then went onto make his first team debut aged 16 years and 30 days in a Texaco Cup tie against Stoke City, which Derby County won 3-2. He made his league debut 3 days later aged 16 years and 33 days in the 2-1 win against Arsenal. Whilst at Derby County, Powell played as defender and midfielder. Powell made 352 appearances in the league for "The Rams", scoring twenty goals. Powell won the player of the year (now named the Jack Stamps trophy) in the 1978–79 season.
Steve Powell went from a schoolboy star into an exceptional professional league player. Despite playing in a declining league side towards the end of his Derby County career, Powell was completely dedicated to Derby County. He was part of the team during some of their highest and lowest moments; a First Division title win in 1975, a European Cup semi-final appearance in 1976, relegation to the Second Division in 1980 and relegation to the Third Division in 1984. He retired in 1985 after well over a decade with the Rams, who had missed out on promotion back to the Second Division but would follow it up with two successive promotions.
Steve Powell and his father, Tommy appeared in 826 senior games between them for Derby County.
Steve now works at Derby College.

</doc>
<doc id="20813254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813254" title="Ronjay Enrile">
Ronjay Enrile

Ronjay R. Enrile (born August 20, 1982 in Quezon City) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently working as a team ambassador for the Powerade Tigers in the Philippine Basketball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20813262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813262" title="Ogu and Mampato in Rapa Nui">
Ogu and Mampato in Rapa Nui

Ogu and Mampato in Rapa Nui (), also known as Mampato: The Movie (Spanish: "Mampato: La Película") is a feature-length Chilean animated film, created by Cine Animadores and executive produced by Elastic Studios, released June 27, 2002. Although the film isn't the first animated feature made in Chile, being the second after Alfredo Serey's 1921 film "La Trasmisión del Mando Presidencial" ("The Transmission of Presidential Control"), it is considered the country's first "modern" animated film. The movie is based on the Chilean comics character Mampato created in 1971 for the magazine of the same name by Themo Lobos and Eduardo Armstrong, and later reprinted as the comic-book Cucalón, the story for the film being adapted from the seventh adventure in the series: "Mata-ki-te-rangui".
Plot.
Excited by the stories he knows about Easter Island, Mampato, a young boy with a belt device that allows time-travel, goes with his caveman friend Ogú to the ancient land of pre-columbian Rapa Nui. There they meet a little girl named Marama and discover the old traditions of the natives.
Involuntarily, the protagonists get involved in the conflicts and rivalries of the island's inhabitants, where the ariki people subjugate the Orejas Cortas, Marama's tribe.
Production.
Mampato is, with Condorito, the most popular and acclaimed comic strip from Chile. Cine Animadores, an emerging animation studio, chose Mampato to be made into the first feature-length animated film in Chilean history since the 1920s. Starting production in 1999, director Alejandro Rojas made a treatment with Themo Lobos and selected the seventh story rather than the first one, because it was based on Easter Island, a world-renowned location (with its famous Moais) best suited for a strong Latin American advertising campaign and as a means to generate non-Chilean interest.
Although the film was completely produced and animated in Chile, the voice acting was made in Mexico with recognizable voice actors like Mario Castañeda and Alondra Hidalgo. This was an attempt to achieve a neutral Spanish accent, but the choice was criticized in Chile for it reduced the Chilean feel of the original material (although the Mexican voice actors did get to say some Chilean Spanish slang words).
Reception.
The film got very good to decent reviews by critics and was Chile's submission to the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20813268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813268" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1972–1976">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1972–1976

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 22 April 1972 election and the 11 December 1976 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20813286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813286" title="Continuous mapping theorem">
Continuous mapping theorem

In probability theory, the continuous mapping theorem states that continuous functions are limit-preserving even if their arguments are sequences of random variables. A continuous function, in Heine’s definition, is such a function that maps convergent sequences into convergent sequences: if "xn" → "x" then "g"("xn") → "g"("x"). The "continuous mapping theorem" states that this will also be true if we replace the deterministic sequence {"xn"} with a sequence of random variables {"Xn"}, and replace the standard notion of convergence of real numbers “→” with one of the types of convergence of random variables.
This theorem was first proved by , and it is therefore sometimes called the Mann–Wald theorem.
Statement.
Let {"Xn"}, "X" be random elements defined on a metric space "S". Suppose a function (where "S′" is another metric space) has the set of discontinuity points "Dg" such that . Then
Proof.
This proof has been adopted from 
Spaces "S" and "S′" are equipped with certain metrics. For simplicity we will denote both of these metrics using the |x−y| notation, even though the metrics may be arbitrary and not necessarily Euclidean.
Convergence in distribution.
We will need a particular statement from the portmanteau theorem: that convergence in distribution formula_4 is equivalent to
Fix an arbitrary closed set "F"⊂"S′". Denote by "g"−1("F") the pre-image of "F" under the mapping "g": the set of all points "x"∈"S" such that "g"("x")∈"F". Consider a sequence {"xk"} such that "g"("xk")∈"F" and "xk"→"x". Then this sequence lies in "g"−1("F"), and its limit point "x" belongs to the closure of this set, "g"−1("F") (by definition of the closure). The point "x" may be either:
Thus the following relationship holds:
Consider the event {"g"("Xn")∈"F"}. The probability of this event can be estimated as
and by the portmanteau theorem the limsup of the last expression is less than or equal to Pr("X"∈"g"−1("F")). Using the formula we derived in the previous paragraph, this can be written as
On plugging this back into the original expression, it can be seen that
which, by the portmanteau theorem, implies that "g"("Xn") converges to "g"("X") in distribution.
Convergence in probability.
Fix an arbitrary "ε">0. Then for any "δ">0 consider the set "Bδ" defined as
This is the set of continuity points "x" of the function "g"(·) for which it is possible to find, within the "δ"-neighborhood of "x", a point which maps outside the "ε"-neighborhood of "g"("x"). By definition of continuity, this set shrinks as "δ" goes to zero, so that lim"δ"→0"Bδ" = ∅.
Now suppose that |"g"("X") − "g"("Xn")| > "ε". This implies that at least one of the following is true: either |"X"−"Xn"|≥"δ", or "X"∈"Dg", or "X"∈"Bδ". In terms of probabilities this can be written as
On the right-hand side, the first term converges to zero as "n" → ∞ for any fixed "δ", by the definition of convergence in probability of the sequence {"Xn"}. The second term converges to zero as "δ" → 0, since the set "Bδ" shrinks to an empty set. And the last term is identically equal to zero by assumption of the theorem. Therefore the conclusion is that
which means that "g"("Xn") converges to "g"("X") in probability.
Convergence almost surely.
By definition of the continuity of the function "g"(·), 
at each point "X"("ω") where "g"(·) is continuous. Therefore
By definition, we conclude that "g"("Xn") converges to "g"("X") almost surely.

</doc>
<doc id="20813287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813287" title="Xuan">
Xuan

Xuan may refer to:
People with the given name Xuan:

</doc>
<doc id="20813292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813292" title="Stemper">
Stemper

Stemper may refer to:
Surname:

</doc>
<doc id="20813320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813320" title="List of United States Senators in the 9th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 9th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1805 to March 3, 1807.
he order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term, with senators entering service the same day ranked alphabetically.
The two main parties in the 9th Congress were the Federalists (F), and Democratic Republicans (DR).

</doc>
<doc id="20813335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813335" title="32 Express">
32 Express

The 32 is an express line in Metro Vancouver, Canada. It connects Burrard Station on the SkyTrain system to the Dunbar Loop at Dunbar Street and 41st Avenue. It is operated by Coast Mountain Bus Company and funded by TransLink. Going south, the route goes along Burrard Street, Cornwall Avenue, 4th Avenue, Alma Street, and Dunbar Street and serves Vancouver.
32 stops and transfer points.
Downtown Vancouver (Burrard Street)
Vancouver North
Vancouver South (Dunbar Street)

</doc>
<doc id="20813344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813344" title="Soldier (Erykah Badu song)">
Soldier (Erykah Badu song)

"Soldier" is a song by Erykah Badu released as the second single from her fifth album, "New Amerykah Part One (4th World War)". The song was produced by Karriem Riggins. This was strictly a promotional single and did not have a commercial single release or music video. It uses a sample from the Dutch band Solution's album - Divergence.
"Soldier" was chosen in a poll when Badu asked Okayplayer users what should be the next single from "New Amerykah".

</doc>
<doc id="20813385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813385" title="Ergocryptine">
Ergocryptine

Ergocryptine is an ergopeptine and one of the ergot alkaloids. It is isolated from ergot or fermentation broth and it serves as starting material for the production of bromocriptine.
Chemistry.
Ergocryptine is a mixture of two very similar compounds, alpha- and "beta"-ergocryptine. The "beta" differs from the "alpha" form only in the position of a single methyl group, which is a consequence of the biosynthesis in which the proteinogenic amino acid leucine is replaced by isoleucine.

</doc>
<doc id="20813391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813391" title="Chinhoyi University of Technology">
Chinhoyi University of Technology

Chinhoyi University of Technology also known as CUT was established by an Act by the Parliament of Zimbabwe on 10 December 2001. The town of Chinhoyi is in Mashonaland West about 120 km from Harare towards Lake Kariba and the Zambian border.
The Chinhoyi University of Technology has grown out of the Chinhoyi Technical Teachers’ College that was founded in 1991. The first-degree programmes were offered in 1999 under the control of the University of Zimbabwe. Soon afterwards, in 2001, the institution gained full university status.
Today, the university provides undergraduate courses in the fields of agriculture, engineering, and business sciences. Technical teacher education, and creative art and design, are offered through the university’s single institute, the Institute of Lifelong Learning. With nearly 3 000 students and an academic staff of 163, the university describes itself as ‘a small but highly selective institution’.
A Strategic Management postgraduate masters programme was introduced in 2005, and ‘continues to flourish’, a claim that warrants respect when the records show that 62 masters degrees were conferred in 2008, alongside the nearly 700 undergraduate degrees. In addition, a new school is being planned, the School of Hospitality and Tourism, which as part of its academic programme will run a hotel existing on the experimental farm as a commercial venture. The university is there to serve a great purpose to the whole nation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813401" title="Navajoland Area Mission">
Navajoland Area Mission

The Navajoland Area Mission, also known as the Episcopal Church in Navajoland, is an Area Mission of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. It is in Province 8 and its diocesan offices are located in Farmington, New Mexico.
Establishment and History.
Created by General Convention in 1978, the Navajoland Area Mission comprises portions of the Navajo Reservation in Arizona, New Mexico and Utah, contiguous with the borders of the Navajo Nation. Formally designated an "Area Mission" of the Episcopal Church, it functions much like a diocese but with more oversight from the Office of the Presiding Bishop and the House of Bishops. Prior to its creation, the Church's ministry to the Navajo people was overseen jointly by the three Episcopal dioceses of the Rio Grande, Arizona and Utah.
The first full-time appointment to Navajoland was the Right Rev Frederick W. "Fred" Putnam, Suffragan Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Oklahoma since 1963. He commenced in January 1979 and served until his retirement in January 1983. Although 61 at the time of his appointment, came to the Mission with a strong sense of purpose and focus on the building up of indigenous ministry.
The Presiding Bishop then appointed the Right Rev Wesley Frensforff, Bishop of Nevada until January 1985 and subsequently Assisting Bishop in the Episcopal Diocese of Arizona, as Assisting Bishop. Bishop Frensdorff held the position in Navajoland concurrently with his other appointments. Following Bishop Frensforff’s death in a plane accident in May 1988, the Presiding Bishop appointed the Right Rev William "Dub" Wolfrum, Suffragan Bishop of Colorado, as interim bishop. He served until March 1990.
The Right Rev Steven Plummer was consecrated in March 1990. He was the first elected bishop, and the first indigenous appointee to the position. Bishop Plummer took a leave of absence from May 1993 to April 1994 following revelations of sexual misconduct in the 1980s. During his leave of absence, the Right Rev William Wantland, Bishop of the Diocese of Eau Claire (Wisconsin), served as Interim Bishop. Bishop Plummer, who is widely regarded as having brought stability to the Mission and moved it along a path of self-determination, died in April 2005 following a long battle with cancer. The Right Rev Rustin Kimsey, retired Bishop of Eastern Oregon, was appointed Assisting Bishop and served from June 2005 to July 2006.
The Right Rev Mark MacDonald was appointed Assisting Bishop in July 2006. MacDonald had been appointed earlier in the year, and subsequent to accepting the position was invited to serve as National Indigenous Bishop for the Anglican Church of Canada. He served in both positions until September 2009, when he resigned as Bishop of Navajoland to focus on his work in Canada.
A special convocation of the Episcopal Church in Navajoland on October 17, 2009, elected the Rev Canon David Bailey, at that time Canon to the Ordinary and Development Officer in the Diocese of Utah, as Interim Canon to the Ordinary for the Navajoland Area Mission, pending the election by the Episcopal Church’s House of Bishops of the next Bishop of Navajoland. (The unusual election process relates to Navajoland’s status as an area mission.) He was subsequently elected on March 24, 2010, and ordained to the episcopate on August 7, 2010. He is the eighth bishop to serve Navajoland, the second to be elected, and the third to serve full time in the position. Aged 70 at the time of his episcopal ordination, Bailey is expected to serve until 2012 when he reaches the mandatory retirement age of 72 for bishops of the Episcopal Church, though an extended appointment in the capacity of an assisting or interim bishop would be possible.

</doc>
<doc id="20813408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813408" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1154">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1154

United Nations Security Council resolution 1154, adopted unanimously on 2 March 1998, after reaffirming Resolution 687 (1991) and all other relevant resolutions, the Council endorsed a memorandum of understanding signed between the Secretary-General Kofi Annan and the Deputy Prime Minister of Iraq, Tariq Aziz.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council commended the initiative of the Secretary-General to secure agreements from the Iraqi government on compliance with its obligations under relevant resolutions, and awaited their full implementation. The memorandum established a Special Group consisting of diplomats and members of the United Nations Special Commission (UNSCOM) and International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for the inspection of weapons sites. 
The resolution then demanded that Iraq comply with its obligations and allow unconditional and unrestricted access to sites and persons by UNSCOM and IAEA, and that any violation would have severe consequences for the country. 

</doc>
<doc id="20813413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813413" title="Tewsley">
Tewsley

Tewsley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20813440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813440" title="Golf House">
Golf House

Golf House is a former estate house that was constructed in the early 1900s by John D. Rockefeller in Lakewood Township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.
History and Construction of the Rockefeller Estate.
John Rockefeller began acquiring property in Lakewood, New Jersey in March 1901. In early November 1903, he purchased , including from the Ocean County Hunt and Country club which became the core of the Rockefeller Lakewood estate. The Club had held the first Professional Golf Association tournament on their grounds on January 1, 1898. 
In March 1907, Rockefeller increased the wages given to workers at Golf House from $1.50 to $1.65 per day, as he was having difficulty obtaining enough workers to perform the improvements he had planned to the property, which included building as much as three miles (5 km) of new roads and planting 1,000 evergreen saplings around the golf course. Only residents of New Jersey were hired and all applicants required a reference from someone known by William Foerster, Rockefeller's superintendent. The prevailing wage for laborers in the area had been $1.50 per day, and "The New York Times" described that the 10% wage increase Rockefeller offered would put pressure on other area employers, such as George Jay Gould I, to match the higher amount.
Rockefeller's summer retreat was 30-room, 20-bathroom, three-story mansion wrapped with glass-enclosed porches. The estate included a dairy, sheepfold, woodland, and a 9-hole golf course. Rockefeller and his household would spend spring and sometime parts of the summer at Lakewood.
Sale to Ocean County.
Rockefeller Sr. had lived in the Golf House estate during the spring and fall until he died in 1937. In 1925, the property was sold to John D. Rockefeller, Jr., with his father leasing the property thereafter. It was reported that Rockefeller, Jr. had paid $3,068,000 for the property. As of May 1938, "The New York Times" reported that the house had been on the market for more than a year at a price of $250,000 but that there were no serious offers despite many visits from prospective buyers. In 1934, the property's value was estimated at $1 million.
When John Rockefeller died in 1937, his son John D. Rockefeller, Jr. discussed putting the estate up for sale. Unable to find a buyer after a few years, John Jr discussed with the Board of Chosen Freeholders of Ocean County the possibility of the county taking over the property. On April 17, 1940 the Board of Freeholders formally accepted the property and the park opened on August 27, 1940. The Freeholders approved the acceptance of the gift despite opposition from the Lakewood Taxpayers Association, which complained that the township would lose $150,000 in property taxes by taking the property off of the tax rolls. The gift included the 26-room house and its furnishings, a number of accompanying buildings, flower gardens and a nine-hole golf course.
Ocean County Park.
The property is now Ocean County Park, a in Lakewood Township, administered by the Ocean County Department of Parks & Recreation. The white pine, hemlock and other evergreen trees imported from around the country and planted a century before have matured. The park offers facilities including tennis courts, sports fields, hiking trails, beach volleyball and a driving range, all free of charge. During the summer playgrounds and a swimming lake are available. During the winter the site can be used for cross-country skiing.
The house itself was used for various purposes after the park was established, but the building was eventually razed by the county in 1966. All that remains to mark the spot of the main house today is the flag pole and a marker. The carriage house, greatly enlarged, is now home to the Ocean County Police Academy, while the Ocean County Fire Marshal's Office occupies the superintendent's house. However, little of historical significance remains of these auxiliary buildings.
During WWII, the New York Giants held spring training on the parks two ball fields.

</doc>
<doc id="20813466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813466" title="WOW Gospel 2004">
WOW Gospel 2004

WOW Gospel 2004 is a gospel music compilation album from the WOW series. Released January 27, 2004, it includes thirty songs on a double CD album. It reached number 27 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2004, and hit number one on the Top Gospel Albums chart that year and also in 2006; it made number 19 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in 2004. The album cover pays tribute to Houston, Texas.
In 2005 the album was certified as platinum in the US by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

</doc>
<doc id="20813472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813472" title="Remaja Islam Sunda Kelapa">
Remaja Islam Sunda Kelapa

Remaja Islam Sunda Kelapa, is a Islamic youth organization located in Jakarta, Indonesia. It was founded in 1974.
Since it was founded, RISKA has been a dynamic Islamic youth organization where youngsters who come to RISKA not only learn Islam but also can explore their hobbies in Art, Sport, Journalism, etc. To accommodate the creativity of its member, RISKA often held a local of even international activities - the event are varies from Sport, Music, Photography, youth community meeting, Ramadhan Social activities etc.
The Département in RISKA are:
Further reading.
Notes: Microform reproduction. Originally published: Jakarta : Pusat Latihan Penelitian Ilmu Ilmu Sosial, Fakultas Ilmu Ilmu Sosial, Universitas Indonesia, 1980-1981. Microfiche 87/50388.

</doc>
<doc id="20813474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813474" title="Difenacoum">
Difenacoum

Difenacoum is an anticoagulant of the 4-hydroxycoumarin vitamin K antagonist type. It has anticoagulant effects and is used commercially as a rodenticide.
Uses.
Difenacoum is sold as blue-green pellets intended to be ingested by pests such as rats and mice.
Safety and toxicity.
Because other species of mammals and birds may prey upon affected rodents, there is a risk of secondary or tertiary exposure.
Using radiolabeled isotopes, difenacoum (and/or its metabolites) has been shown to be distributed across many organ tissues upon oral ingestion, with the highest concentrations occurring in the liver and pancreas.
Difenacoum has been shown to be highly toxic to some species of freshwater fish and green algae despite the fact that difenacoum is weakly soluble in aqueous solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="20813480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813480" title="Mónica Villamizar">
Mónica Villamizar

Mónica Villamizar Villegas is a Colombian broadcast journalist, currently working for ABC News in their London Bureau as an international correspondent.
Career.
Freelance international correspondent - London
Previously, she was a London correspondent for CBS Newspath.
Before joining CBS, Villamizar worked for Al Jazeera English for six years. Initially, she was the Colombian correspondent, based in Bogotá, from 2006 to 2007 and was then a reporter in the United States, at the Washington, DC bureau, from 2008 to 2012.
She began her career in Colombia, working for Caracol TV's "Noticias Caracol", from 2002 to 2007.
She is represented by David Bordelon of HDReps.com.
Awards.
In 2006, she received a "Premio Nacional de Periodismo Simón Bolívar" award for the best TV feature or report, for her series of reports on South Africa's peace process broadcast November 2005 on Caracol TV.
Personal Life.
Villamizar is Colombian, but was born in Austin, Texas, United States. Hispanic naming-practice includes the maternal surname after the paternal name and so in a Latin American context she is also known as: "Villamizar Villegas."
She completed in her education in France, with a Masters degree in Political Science from the Institut d'Études Politiques in Paris.
Besides her native Spanish, she speaks English and French fluently and also has conversational Italian and Japanese.
References.
Personal website http://www.monicavillamizar.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20813496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813496" title="Ergocristine">
Ergocristine

Ergocristine is an ergopeptine and one of the ergot alkaloids. As of February 24, 2010 Ergocrisine has been federally scheduled. Because of the existing Controlled Substance Act regulatory controls on the LSD precursors lysergic acid, lysergic acid amide, ergotamine, and ergonovine, clandestine laboratory operators have sought uncontrolled sources of precursor material for the production of LSD. This has led to the illicit utilization of the precursor chemical ergocristine as a direct substitute for ergotamine and ergonovine for the illicit production of LSD. In fact, the largest clandestine LSD laboratory ever, William Leonard Pickard and Clyde Apperson, that was seized by the DEA utilized ergocristine as the LSD precursor. Recipes documenting procedures for utilizing ergocristine in LSD synthesis are easily found on the Internet.
The DEA determined that ergocristine was readily available from commercial chemical suppliers. DEA had identified at least three suppliers of ergocristine, of which one distributor is located domestically; the other two are based in Germany and the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20813497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813497" title="Fumarin">
Fumarin

Fumarin is a coumarin derivative. It can be used as rodenticide.

</doc>
<doc id="20813503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813503" title="Shestakovskaya Svita">
Shestakovskaya Svita

The Shestakovskaya Svita is a geological formation in Mongolia and eastern Russia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813506" title="Chiappone">
Chiappone

Chiappone may refer to:
Surname:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20813507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813507" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1976–1979">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1976–1979

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 11 December 1976 election and the 18 July 1979 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20813513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813513" title="Lower Khodzhaosmansk Formation">
Lower Khodzhaosmansk Formation

The Lower Khodzhaosmansk Formation is a geological formation in Kyrgysztan whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813515" title="Marcie Dodd">
Marcie Dodd

Marcie Dodd (born March 10, 1978) is an American stage performer, best known for playing Elphaba and Nessarose in various US companies of the hit musical "Wicked".
Early life and career.
Dodd was born in Yuba City, California, the third of four children. Her father is an agricultural consultant and her mother is a piano teacher. She attended Bethany College in Santa Cruz County, California with a major in music from 1997 to 1999. In 1999, she transferred to Azusa Pacific University, where she graduated in 2001. After graduation, she was cast as a singing princess in Disneyland. During a three-year run, she performed as Belle and Snow White. At Disneyland, she met her husband, Colin Follenweider, a stunt-double in many major Hollywood films. The couple were married in 2006. The couple had their first child, Daxtin, on December 3rd, 2011.
Dodd's first non-Disney role was as Sandy in a regional production of "Grease". She then took understudy roles in the Las Vegas productions of "We Will Rock You" and "Hairspray", before becoming a cast member of the musical "Wicked".
"Wicked".
Dodd made her "Wicked" debut on December 5, 2006, as part of the ensemble of show's first national touring company. She also understudied both Elphaba and Nessarose. Her first performance as Nessarose was at the matinee on March 25, 2007, and her first performance as Elphaba was at the matinee on April 7, 2007.
After a year on tour, she replaced Jenna Leigh Green as Nessarose in the Los Angeles sit-down production. Her first performance took place on December 13, 2007. From late March through early May 2008, she temporarily took over the position of understudy Elphaba, due to the injury of fellow cast member Courtney Corey. Her first performance as Elphaba in Los Angeles took place on April 22, 2008. On May 15, 2008, she replaced Teal Wicks as the standby for Elphaba, due to Wicks' promotion to full-time lead. In addition, she returned to understudying Nessarose, with Briana Yacavone replacing her in the lead role. She departed the Los Angeles company on October 26, 2008. Dodd was succeeded by Vicki Noon as the standby to Elphaba.
Dodd then joined the Broadway production, replacing Kerry Ellis in the lead role of Elphaba on November 11, 2008. Upon her move to Broadway, Dodd became the first, and only actress to date, to have performed in the lead roles of both Nessarose and Elphaba. She ended her limited Broadway engagement on January 11, 2009, and was replaced by Nicole Parker. 
Dodd then originated the role of Elphaba on the second national touring company of the show, which began performances March 7, 2009 and officially opened March 12. Dodd exited the touring company on April 4, 2010, and was once again succeeded by Vicki Noon.
She then succeeded Eden Espinosa as Elphaba in the San Francisco sit-down production of the show on June 29, 2010. She remained with the production until it closed on September 5, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20813516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813516" title="Ondorukhaa Formation">
Ondorukhaa Formation

The Ondorukhaa Formation is a geological formation in Mongolia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813518" title="Hühteeg Svita">
Hühteeg Svita

The Hühteeg Svita is a geological formation in Mongolia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813520" title="Khooldzin Svita">
Khooldzin Svita

The Khooldzin Svita is a geological formation in Mongolia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813523" title="Shinekhudag Svita">
Shinekhudag Svita

The Shinekhudag Svita is a geological formation in Dundgov, Mongolia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains have been recovered from it.

</doc>
<doc id="20813524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813524" title="Lura Formation">
Lura Formation

The Lura Formation is a geological formation in western China whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813526" title="Sunjiawan Formation">
Sunjiawan Formation

The Sunjiawan Formation () is a geological formation in Liaoning, China whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813529" title="Tugulu Group">
Tugulu Group

The Tugulu Group () is a geological formation in Xinjiang, China whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813531" title="Kezilesu Group">
Kezilesu Group

The Kezilesu Group is a geological formation in Asia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813532" title="Qingshan Formation">
Qingshan Formation

The Qingshan Formation () is a geological formation in Shandong, China, whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813535" title="Tujingzi Formation">
Tujingzi Formation

The Tujingzi Formation is a geological formation in Hebei, China whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813536" title="Zhidan Group">
Zhidan Group

The Zhidan Group is a geological formation in China whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813537" title="Dashuigou Formation">
Dashuigou Formation

The Dashuigou Formation () is a geological formation in Inner Mongolia, north China, whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous period.
Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813539" title="Xinpongnaobao Formation">
Xinpongnaobao Formation

The Xinpongnaobao Formation is a geological formation in Inner Mongolia, China whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813540" title="Ulansuhai Formation">
Ulansuhai Formation

The Ulansuhai Formation () is a geological formation in Inner Mongolia, north China. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
The Ulansuhai Formation has traditionally been considered to date to the Aptian-Albian stages of the Late Cretaceous, due to similarities between the Ulansuhai fauna and known Aptian formations. However, radiometric dating done on underlying formations has shown this to be incorrect. Due to the age of underlying rocks, the Ulansuhai Formation cannot be older than the Turonian stage of the Late Cretaceous, about 92 Ma.

</doc>
<doc id="20813542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813542" title="Bayin-Gobi Formation">
Bayin-Gobi Formation

The Bayin-Gobi Formation () is a geological formation in Inner Mongolia, north China, whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous period.
Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813543" title="Ejinhoro Formation">
Ejinhoro Formation

The Ejinhoro Formation () is a geological formation in Inner Mongolia, north China, whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous period (Aptian/Albian age.
Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Dinosaurs.
Indeterminate pterosaur remains have also been recovered from it.

</doc>
<doc id="20813544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813544" title="Yijinholuo Formation">
Yijinholuo Formation

The Yijinholuo Formation is a geological formation in Inner Mongolia, China whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813546" title="Sangping Formation">
Sangping Formation

The Sangping Formation () is a geological formation in Henan, China, whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813547" title="Jinhua Formation">
Jinhua Formation

The Jinhua Formation () is a geological formation in Zhejiang, China, whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous period.
Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813548" title="Sao Khua Formation">
Sao Khua Formation

The Sao Khua Formation is a middle member of the Khorat Group. It consists of an alteration of pale red to yellowish-gray, fine to medium-grained sandstone and grayish-reddish brown siltstone and clay. Rare pale red to light gray conglomerates, containing carbonate pebbles, are also characteristic of this Formation. This geological formation in Thailand, dates to the Early Cretaceous age. 
Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Dinosaurs

</doc>
<doc id="20813549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813549" title="Bitter Springs (film)">
Bitter Springs (film)

Bitter Springs is an Australian-British film directed by Ralph Smart and released in 1950. An Australian pioneer family buys a piece of land from the government in the Australian outback in 1900 and hire two inexperienced British men as drovers. Problems with local Aboriginal people arise over the possession of a waterhole. 
Much of the film was shot on location in the Flinders Ranges in South Australia
Plot.
In the early 1900s, Wally King travels 600 miles to outback South Australia to occupy land he has bought from the government. He is accompanied by his wife Ma, children Emma and John, and friends Tommy and Mac. Despite warnings from a local trooper, the bigoted King clashes with an Aboriginal tribe who depend on water located on what has become the family's property.
Relations with the local Aboriginal people deteriorate to the point where John King is speared. The Kings are in danger of being killed by a raiding party but they are rescued by the trooper and his men. A compromise is reached where the Kings agree to work with the Aboriginal people running a sheep station.
Production.
The film was the idea of Ralph Smart and roughly based on an apparent true story. This was the third movie Ealing Studios made in Australia following the success of "The Overlanders" (1946). It was originally announced as a comedy starring Rafferty and Trinder, and was meant to be followed by a version of "Robbery Under Arms".
Tommy Trinder's part was created especially for him to ensure the movie had some comic relief. Nick Yardley had previously appeared in Ralph Smart's "Bush Christmas". Nonie Piefer was a 19 year old model.
The original script ended with the massacre of Aboriginal people at the hands of the white settlers, but this was changed at the insistence of Ealing Studios.
Ralph Smart scouted around Australia for locations and at one stage it seemed that the film would be made in Murgon, Queensland but eventually it was decided to make it in South Australia.
Filming started in May 1949. Location shooting was completed in November, nearly two months behind schedule due to rain delays, and was followed by two weeks at Pagewood Studios in Sydney. 
130 Aboriginal people were used as extras. They had no where to stay when they arrived due to an administrative oversight and their treatment on set was criticised. Ealing wanted to pay Aboriginal actor Henry Murdoch the same as white actors but the Department of Native Affairs refused, only granting him a regular allowance. 
During filming a man went around Adelaide pretending to be a talent scout for the film offering women the chance to appear in it.
Release.
The film had its world premiere in Adelaide, which was attended by Don Bradman. Although reviews were generally respectful the film was a box office disappointment on release and Ealing abandoned its plans to make further movies in Australia. It sold off Pagewood Studios in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20813550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813550" title="Gres superieurs Formation">
Gres superieurs Formation

The Grès supérieurs Formation is a geological formation in Laos whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation. It is equivalent to the Khok Kruat Formation of Thailand. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate fauna.
The Grès supérieurs Formation has also yielded remains of indeterminate iguanodontians, as well as ornithopod and sauropod tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20813552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813552" title="Kitadani Formation">
Kitadani Formation

The Kitadani Formation is a geological formation in Fukui, Japan whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813566" title="Boundary cell">
Boundary cell

Boundary cells (also known as border cells or boundary vector cells) are neurons found in the hippocampal formation that respond to the presence of an environmental boundary at a particular distance and direction from an animal. The existence of cells with these firing characteristics were first predicted on the basis of properties of place cells. Boundary cells were subsequently discovered in several regions of the hippocampal formation: the subiculum, presubiculum and entorhinal cortex.
O'Keefe and Burgess had noted that the firing fields of place cells, which characteristically respond only in a circumscribed area of an animal's environment, tended to fire in 'corresponding' locations when the shape and size of the environment was altered. For example, a place cell that fired in the northeastern corner of a rectangular environment might continue to fire in the northeastern corner when the size of the environment was doubled. To explain these observations, the Burgess and O'Keefe groups developed a computational model (Boundary Vector Cell - or BVC - model) of place cells that relied on inputs sensitive to the geometry of the environment to determine where a given place cell would fire in environments of different shapes and sizes. The hypothetical input cells (BVCs) responded to environmental boundaries at particular distances and allocentric directions from the rat.
Separate studies emerging from different research groups identified cells with these characteristics in the subiculum, entorhinal cortex and pre- and para-subiculum where they were described variously as "BVCs", "boundary cells" and "border cells". These terms are somewhat interchangeable; the critical defining functional characteristics of associated with the different labelling schemes are rather arbitrary and any functional differences in cells found in different anatomical regions are not yet fully clear. For example, neurons classified as "border cells" may include some that fire at short range to any environmental boundary (regardless of direction). Additionally, the BVC model predicted the existence of a small proportion of cells with longer range tunings (i.e., firing parallel to, but at some distance from boundaries) and few such cells have been described to date. In general, although the general predictions of the BVC model regarding the existence of geometric boundary sensitive inputs were confirmed by the empirical observations it prompted, the more detailed characteristics such as the distribution of distance and direction tunings remain to be determined.
In medial entorhinal cortex border/boundary cells comprise about 10% of local population, being intermingled with grid cells and head direction cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20813570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813570" title="Narangba Demons Baseball Club">
Narangba Demons Baseball Club

The Narangba Demons Baseball Club is a baseball club located in Narangba, Queensland, that participates in the Greater Brisbane League competition and the Brisbane North competition.
History.
The Narangba Demons Baseball Club originally began as The Northern Districts Junior Baseball Club in the 1983/84 season. The club played its first season at Undurba State School under foundation President, Bob Skeehan, with Maureen Skeehan the Registrar/Treasurer and Lyn McKenzie Secretary. There was one U8 team and one U10 team. The following season 1985/86 was played at Narangba State School with seven registered teams.
The club's first diamonds where developed at Williamina Court, Narangba in 1986/87 from land donated by the Duncombe family, in co-operation with the Narangba Sporting Association. In 1992-93 the club changed its name to Narangba Demons Junior Baseball Club Inc and moved into its first club house, which was the donated Old Narangba Hall. The Official opening was held on June 25, 1994. In the 1994/95 season the club changed its name to the current, Narangba Demons Baseball Club Inc. Season 1995/96 saw the introduction of two Senior Men’s teams.
The club grew and moved to new fields at the Harris Avenue Sporting Complex in 2001, and entered into the Majors competition in season 2002/03. The first game held under lights at Harris Ave was on November 1, 2002. The club continued to grow with the addition of grandstands on the main diamond in 2003, and batting cages in 2005. Membership in 2007/08 was 126 with eight Junior teams and four Senior teams.
Notable players.
The club currently has the only Swedish baseball import in the Greater Brisbane League, Henrik Johannson. The club also is home to Rory Rhodes, part of the Queensland Academy of Sport and the AAA Australia national team as well as being signed to the Minnesota Twins organisation.
The club has Queensland State Women's representatives Samantha Childs and Annmarie McLaughlin who competently play in senior teams alongside the men, with Annmarie being one of the first women to play Major A Greater Brisbane League.
Bryce Collins was selected in the Australian Aroos Little League Team and competed in the Cal Ripken World Series in Aberdeen MD in August 2009. Bryce and team mate Josh Fritsch were selected in Australian AA Team that competed in the 2011 World Series in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20813617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813617" title="Ergocornine">
Ergocornine

Ergocornine or 12′-Hydroxy-2′,5′-α-bis(1-methyl-ethyl)ergotaman-3′,6′,18-trione or C31H39N5O5 is a crystalline ergopeptine and one of the ergot alkaloids separated from ergotoxine. It is also a dopamine receptor agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="20813632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813632" title="Botswana College of Agriculture">
Botswana College of Agriculture

Botswana College of Agriculture (BCA) is an agricultural college located in Gaborone, Botswana. It was established by an act of the Parliament of Botswana, Act no. 9, on 31 May 1991. The Act abolished the then Botswana Agricultural College (BAC) which had existed since 1967.
The College is a parastatal under the Ministry of Agriculture and an associate Institution of the University of Botswana. As an associate institution the College offers UB higher diploma and degree programmes in agricultural sciences, while its responsible on its own for short courses offered by its Centre for In-service and Continuing Education (CICE).
Departments.
The College has six (6) Academic Departments, four (4) Support Departments and eight (8) Suppost Units.
Academic Departments
Programs offered.
The College offers Diplomas, Bachelor Degrees and Master degrees
Diploma Programs
Bachelors Degree Programs 
Masters Degree Programs

</doc>
<doc id="20813639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813639" title="Three (Ph.D. album)">
Three (Ph.D. album)

Three is the 2009 comeback album from Ph.D. It is their first album since 1983's "Is It Safe?". Hymas's site states the album would be released in the Autumn of 2008 (Northern Hemisphere), though the label's site says February.
Track listing.
+ Originally recorded for "Jim Diamond" (1988).<br>
 Originally recorded for "Is It Safe?".<b.
+ Originally recorded by Jimmy Ruffin. Written by William Weatherspoon, James Dean, and Paul Rise.

</doc>
<doc id="20813644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813644" title="Reproduction (journal)">
Reproduction (journal)

Reproduction is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering reproductive biology. Its focus is on cellular and molecular biology of reproduction, including the development of gametes and early embryos in all species; developmental processes such as cell differentiation, morphogenesis and related regulatory mechanisms in normal and disease models, assisted reproductive technologies in model systems and in a clinical environment, and reproductive endocrinology, immunology, and physiology. Emerging topics including cloning, the biology of embryonic stem cells, environmental effects on reproductive potential and health, and epigenetic effects on reproductive and developmental processes are also covered.
History.
The journal was established in 1960 as the official journal of the Society for Reproduction and Fertility under the name "Journal of Reproduction and Fertility" (). It obtained its current name in 2001 when it was merged with "Reviews of Reproduction" (), a journal that was published by the Society for Reproduction and Fertility from 1996-2000.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts, Scopus, Biological Abstracts/BIOSIS, Science Citation Index, Current Contents/Life Sciences, CAB Abstracts, and Index Medicus/MEDLINE.

</doc>
<doc id="20813649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813649" title="Border cell">
Border cell

The term Border cell might refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20813650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813650" title="Ergovaline">
Ergovaline

Ergovaline is an ergopeptine and one of the ergot alkaloids. It is usually found in endophyte-infected species of grass like Tall fescue or Perennial Ryegrass. It is toxic to cattle feeding on infected grass, probably because is acts as a vasoconstrictor.

</doc>
<doc id="20813660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813660" title="Rayoso Formation">
Rayoso Formation

The Rayoso Formation is a geological formation in the Neuquén Province of Argentina whose strata date back to the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Indeterminate Ceratosauria remains located in Provincia de Neuquén, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="20813666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813666" title="Cerro Barcino Formation">
Cerro Barcino Formation

The Cerro Barcino Formation (also known as the Gorro Frigio Formation) is a geological formation in South America whose strata span the mid-late Cretaceous period. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
The Cerro Barcino Formation is the upper unit of the Chubut Group, which also includes the older Los Adobes Formation. Both formations cover a vast area in Chubut Province, Argentina. The two formations are distinguished by geological features suggesting a distinct change in climate, from a wetter, flood plain environment in the Los Adobes to a much more arid, desert-like environment in the Cerro Barcino.
The Cerro Barcino Formation is subdivided into several subunits ("members"). From oldest to youngest:
The final three members are likely Albian to Campanian in age (112 to 83 million years ago), while the La Paloma may date to the latest Hauterivian (130ma).
Fauna.
Indeterminate abelisaurid remains. Possible indeterminate carcharodontosaurid remains. Indeterminate Titanosauria remains. Also, an unnamed titanosauriform.

</doc>
<doc id="20813670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813670" title="1997–98 Iranian Basketball League Division One">
1997–98 Iranian Basketball League Division One

The following is the final results of the Iran Division One 1997/1998 basketball season.
Participated teams.
Group B.
"'The top 8 teams qualified for the 1st edition of Iran Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20813679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813679" title="Tegana Formation">
Tegana Formation

The Tegana Formation is a geological formation in Morocco whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. It is a subsidiary of the Kem Kem Beds. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813683" title="List of universities in Botswana">
List of universities in Botswana

This is a list of universities in Botswana.

</doc>
<doc id="20813685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813685" title="El Fardou Ben Nabouhane">
El Fardou Ben Nabouhane

El Fardou Ben Nabouhane (born June 10, 1989 in Passamainty, Mayotte, France) is a French footballer who currently plays for Greek Super League side Veria.
Football career.
El Fardou began his career on the overseas collectivity of Mayotte. He proceeded to move to the island of Réunion to play for the Réunion Premier League giants JS Saint-Pierroise. In 2006, he joined Le Havre.
After spending one year in the reserves, El Fardou was promoted to the senior squad. He made his professional football debut and start for Le Havre on March 3, 2008 in a Ligue 2 match against Troyes AC playing 72 minutes before being subbed out. He made one more appearance that season and though he did not contribute that much, he still received a winner's medal as Le Havre were crowned Ligue 2 champions and were promoted to Ligue 1 for the 2008–09 season.
El Fardou did not see much time in Ligue 1 play early on, instead playing in the reserves. He received his first call up to the squad for their Coupe de la Ligue match against Rennes, held on November 12, 2008. In the match, which he started, he scored his first professional goal in the 15th minute contributed to Le Havre's 2–1 win over Rennes. He made his Ligue 1 debut just three days later in a match against Paris Saint-Germain.
After three years playing for Ligue2 side Vannes OC, he signed a one-year contract with the Greek Super League side Veria. He mede his debut with the club, in an away draw against Platanias at August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20813705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813705" title="Chenini Formation">
Chenini Formation

The Chenini Formation is a geological formation in Tunisia whose strata date back to the Albian stage of the Cretaceous period. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Dinosaurs Found.
The Chenini Formation during the Early Cretaceous period was a marsh-like habitat with swamps and plenty of water. The most famous dinosaur discoveries made here include Carcharodontosaurus, Ouranosaurus and Spinosaurus. 

</doc>
<doc id="20813706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813706" title="Echkar Formation">
Echkar Formation

The Echkar Formation is a geological formation in Niger whose strata dates back to the Late Cretaceous (Cenomanian stage, about 93 million years ago). Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813707" title="Tiouraren Formation">
Tiouraren Formation

The Tiouraren Formation is a geological formation in Niger whose strata were originally thought to be Early Cretaceous. However, re-interpretation of the sediments showed that they are probably mid-Jurassic in age. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813708" title="Farak Formation">
Farak Formation

The Farak Formation is a geological formation in Niger whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813709" title="Koum Formation">
Koum Formation

The Koum Formation is a geological formation in Northern Province, Cameroon whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813710" title="Dinosaur Beds">
Dinosaur Beds

The Dinosaur Beds is a geological formation in Malawi whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Malawisaurus dixeyi - "Skull elements, teeth, vertebrae, limb elements osteoderms, of several individuals."

</doc>
<doc id="20813711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813711" title="Kirkwood Formation">
Kirkwood Formation

The Kirkwood Formation is a geological formation in Eastern Cape and Western Cape provinces, South Africa whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813744" title="Christmas All Over Again">
Christmas All Over Again

"Christmas All Over Again" is a Christmas song by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. It was written by Tom Petty and was featured on the "Playback" box set. At the end of the song Petty says that, for Christmas, he wants "a new Rickenbacker guitar, two Fender Bassmans, Chuck Berry songbooks, and a xylophone."
Featured on the second "Very Special Christmas" CD to benefit Special Olympics, Petty donated the royalties to the song to the organization. Since its release in 1992, the song has raised more than $200,000 to benefit athletes with intellectual disabilities. 
The song was featured in "" while Kevin was listening to his Walkman on the airplane flight to New York City. Therefore he did not realize he was on the wrong flight. It is also used in the movie "Jingle All The Way" where Arnold Schwarzenegger's character arrives at the mall, and as the closing theme from "Four Christmases" starring Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon.
"Christmas All Over Again" was rated #46 in the nationally syndicated Dusty Rhodes Christmas Top 60 Countdown. The updated version first aired December 24, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20813748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813748" title="Bungil Formation">
Bungil Formation

The Bungil Formation is a geological formation in Australia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20813750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813750" title="Old Empires">
Old Empires

Old Empires is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book, with product code TSR 9274, was published in 1990, and was written by Scott Bennie, with cover art by Brom and interior art by Valerie Valusek.
Contents.
This campaign setting supplement describes the Old Empires, classical and Egyptian-style realms.
The 96-page booklet is wrapped in a removable cover. The book includes a one-page introduction, explaining that this book covers the "Old Empires", three ancient kingdoms in the South of the Forgotten Realms world: Mulhorand, Unther, and Chessenta, each of which receives its own section. Pages 3–6 detail the history of the Old Empires, including a two-page timeline of important events. Pages 7–10 briefly describe the lands surrounding the Old Empires, which include Thay, Semphar and Murghôm, Aleaxtis (kingdom of the sahuagin), the Plains of Purple Dust, the Coastal Cities, Aglarond, Raurin, Durpar, Veldorn, Eastern Shaar, and Chondath. Mulhorand (pages 11–34) describes Mulhorand's people and society, geography, current economy, current politics, laws, adventures, religion, personalities, culture, and technology. Unlike the typical deities of the Forgotten Realms, the people of Mulhorand worship the gods of Egypt, such as Isis, Thoth, and Osiris. Unther (pages 35–49) describes Unther's people and society, geography, religion, personalities, and culture. The people of Unther primarily worship the gods of the Sumerians, including Ishtar and Ramman. Chessenta (pages 50–64) describes Chessenta's people and society, geography, current economy, current politics, religion, personalities, mercenary companies, and culture. Pages 65–70 detail several short adventure scenarios appropriate for the Old Empires. Pages 71–80 detail the spells of Southern magic, a type of magic that is written in a manner that makes it undecipherable to a practitioner of standard magic. Pages 81–86 detail the magical items unique to the region. Page 87 consists of a chart to determine random encounters in Mulhorand. Pages 89–96 detail eight new monsters for the region, including the brown dragon, the dracosphinx, and the desert wraith.
This book also includes a fold-out color poster map of the region. The inside front cover contains a diagram of the interior and corridors of the Pyramid of the Sceptanar, and the inside back cover contains a diagram of a chariot race track.
Publication history.
FR10 "Old Empires" was written by Scott Bennie and published by TSR in 1990 as 96-page booklet with an outer folder.

</doc>
<doc id="20813756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813756" title="Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985">
Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985

Portugal was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, held in Gothenburg, Sweden.
The Portuguese national final to select their entry, the "Festival RTP da Canção 1985", was held on 7 March at the Coliseu dos Recreios in Lisbon, and was hosted by Margarida Andrade and Eládio Clímaco.
Eleven songs competed at the national final. The votes of national juries chose the winner.
The winning entry was "Penso em ti, eu sei," performed by Adelaide Ferreira, composed by Tozé Brito and written by Ferreira and Luís Fernando.
At Eurovision.
Adelaide Ferreira was the ninth performer on the night of the contest, following Belgium and preceding Germany. At Gothenburg, she was credited by only her first name. At the close of the voting the song had received 9 points, placing 18th in a field of 19 competing countries. It was the worst ranking Portugal had received since 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20813765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813765" title="Costanzo">
Costanzo

Costanzo (the Italian form of the Latin Constantius) may refer to:
As a last name:
As a first name:
In Christianity:
"San Costanzo" can refer to the numerous saints named Constantius
"Places":

</doc>
<doc id="20813768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813768" title="Toolebuc Formation">
Toolebuc Formation

The Toolebuc Formation is a geological formation that extends from Queensland across South Australia and the Northern Territory, Australia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Possible indeterminate Ankylosaurid remains present in Queensland, Australia. Indeterminate Ornithopod remains have also been found in Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
