<doc id="20733547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733547" title="Richard Veryard">
Richard Veryard

Richard Veryard (born 1955) is a British computer scientist, author and business consultant, known for his work on Service Oriented Architecture and the Service-Based Business.
Biography.
Veryard attended Sevenoaks School from 1966 to 1972, where he was taught by Gerd Sommerhoff. He received a MA Mathematics and Philosophy from Merton College, Oxford in 1976, and a MSc Computing Science at the Imperial College London in 1977. Later he received a MBA from the Open University in 1992.
He began his career with Data Logic Limited, Middlesex, U.K. where he first developed and taught public data analysis courses. He had many years of practical experience in the field of pragmatic data analysis, when he wrote his first book about this in 1984. In 1987 he became an IT consultant with James Martin Associates (JMA), specializing in the practical problems of planning and implementing information systems. He became a Principal Consultant in the Software Business of Texas Instruments and a member of TI Group Technical Staff, after the European operation of JMA were acquired by the Texas Instruments Inc., Dallas in 1991. Here he was one of the developers of IE\Q, which is a TI proprietary methodology for software quality management. Since 1997 he has been a freelance consultant under the flag of Veryard Projects Ltd. Since 2006 he is a Principal Consultant at CBDi, a research forum for Service Oriented Architecture and engineering.
Veryard has taught courses at City University, Brunel University and the Copenhagen Business School, and is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in London.
Work.
Pragmatic data analysis.
In "Pragmatic data analysis" (1984) Veryard presented data analysis as a branch of systems analysis, which shared the same principles. His position on data modelling would appear to be implicit in the term data analysis. He presented two philosophical attitudes towards data modeling, which he called "semantic relativism and semantic absolutism. According to the absolutist way of thinking, there is only one correct or ideal way of modeling anything: each object in the real world must be represented by a particular construct. Semantic relativism, on the other hand, believe that most things in the real world can be modeled in many different ways, using basic constructs".
Veryard further examined the problem of the discovery of classes and objects. This may proceed from a number of different models, that capture the requirements of the problem domain. Abbott (1983) proposed that each search starts from a textual description of the problem. Ward (1989) and Seidewitz and Stark (1986) suggested starting from the products of structured analysis, namely data flow diagrams. Veryard examined the same problem from the perspective of data modeling.
Veryard made the point, that the modeler has some choice in whether to use an entity, relationship or attribute to represent a given universe of discourse (UoD) concept. This justifies a common position, that "data models of the same UoD may differ, but the differences are the result of shortcomings in the data modeling language. The argument is that data modeling is essentially descriptive, but that current data modeling languages allow some choice in how the description is documented."
Economics of Information Systems and Software.
In the 1991 book "The Economics of Information Systems and Software", edited by Veryard, experts from various areas, including business administration, project management, software engineering and economics, contribute their expertise concerning the economics of systems software, including evaluation of benefits, types of information and project costs and management.
Information Coordination.
In the 1993 book "Information Coordination: The Management of Information Models, Systems, and Organizations" Veryard gives a snapshot of the state of the art around these subjects. "Maximizing the value of corporate data depends upon being able to manage information models both within and between businesses. A centralized information model is not appropriate for many organizations," Veryard explains.
His book "takes the approach that multiple information models exist and the differences and links between them have to be managed. Coordination is currently an area of both intensive theoretical speculation and of practical research and development. Information Coordination explains practical guidelines for information management, both from on-going research and from recent field experience with CASE tools and methods".
Enterprise Modelling Methodology.
In the 1990s Veryard worked together in an Enterprise Computing Project and developed a version of Business Relationship Modelling specifically for Open Distributed Processing, under the name Enterprise Modelling Methodology/Open Distributed Processing (EMM/ODP). EMM/ODP proposed some new techniques and method extensions for enterprise modelling for distributed systems.
Component-based business.
In 2001 Veryard introduced the concept of "component-based business". Component-based business relates to new business architectures, in which "an enterprise is configured as a dynamic network of components providing business services to one another". In the new millennium there has been "a phenomenal growth in this kind of new autonomous business services, fuelled largely by the internet and e-business".
The concept of "component-Based Business constitutes a radical challenge to traditional notions of strategy, planning, requirements, quality and change, and tries to help you improve how you think through the practical difficulties and opportunities of the component-based business". This applied to both hardware and software, and to business relationships.
Veryard's subsequent work on organic planning for SOA has been referenced by a number of authors.
Publications.
Veryard has written several books and articles, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="20733583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733583" title="New Jersey and New York Railroad">
New Jersey and New York Railroad

The New Jersey and New York Railroad (NJ&NY) was a railroad company that operated north from Rutherford, New Jersey, to Haverstraw, New York beginning in the mid-to-late 19th century. The line was originally chartered as the Hackensack and New York Railroad (H&NY) in 1856. The H&NY would eventually run from Rutherford to Hackensack, New Jersey. In 1866 under the leadership of David P. Patterson the company was rechartered as the Hackensack and New York Extension Railroad and it extended its line north of Hackensack. It later reorganized as the New Jersey and New York Railroad. The line reached the town of Haverstraw, New York by 1870, the village of West Haverstraw by 1873, and the village of Haverstraw by 1887. The NJ&NY was in turn leased for 99 years by the Erie Railroad in 1896. The NJ&NY continued to exist as an Erie subsidiary until the 1960 merger that created the Erie Lackawanna Railroad. In 1976 the Erie Lackawanna was merged with several other railroads to create Conrail. In 1983, after several years under operation by Conrail, operations of the Pascack Valley Line were transferred to New Jersey Transit Rail Operations. The segments of the two former railroad lines in New York: north of Spring Valley to Haverstraw and north of Nanuet to New City; are no longer in service.
In 1956 NJ&NY reported 4.4 million net ton-miles of revenue freight and 21 million passenger-miles on 39 miles of railroad.
Stations.
A typical NJ&NY station in the 1900s or 1910s had a gable or hip roof and often had board and batten siding.
The larger and more elaborate station at Hillsdale served as the company headquarters and was
built in a mixture of the Second Empire and Stick-Eastlake architectural styles.
Early photographs of stations along the NJ&NY line include:

</doc>
<doc id="20733587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733587" title="Crude (album)">
Crude (album)

Crude is the first studio album from Shetland based band Bongshang.

</doc>
<doc id="20733613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733613" title="The Hunterdon County Democrat">
The Hunterdon County Democrat

The Hunterdon County Democrat is a weekly newspaper that serves Hunterdon County, New Jersey. Currently owned by Penn Jersey Advance, Inc., its offices are in Raritan Township. It is one of the largest paid weekly newspapers in New Jersey, with an estimated total circulation of more than 21,000. It is published every Thursday.
History.
The first newspaper to serve Hunterdon County was "The Hunterdon Gazette and Farmers' Weekly Advertiser", established at Flemington on March 24, 1825, by Charles George, who shortened the paper's title to "The Hunterdon Gazette" in 1829. He discontinued "The Gazette" on May 2, 1832, but retained his shop in Flemington. He sold this to John S. Brown, who revived the paper on July 18, 1838.
Later that year, on September 5, 1838, a rival newspaper to "The Gazette" first appeared under the name "The Hunterdon Democrat". The editor, George C. Seymour, ensured that the newspaper held to the principles of the Democratic Party. In 1852 Seymour sold the newspaper to Adam Bellis, also a staunch Democrat.
On July 3, 1867, "The Hunterdon County Democrat" made its debut, taking the place of both "The Hunterdon Democrat" and the erstwhile "Gazette" (which had changed its name to "The Democrat" after having been transformed into a Democratic paper in 1866). The editor during this time was Robert J. Killgore. His son, Anthony Killgore, later took over the editorship, serving until 1922. Alex L. Moreau and D. Howard Moreau then became the owners of "The Democrat". Following the death of A.L. Moreau in 1933, D. Howard Moreau became sole owner of the newspaper, until his death on June 7, 1963. After Moreau’s death his son-in-law H. Seely Thomas Jr. became publisher of "The Democrat". Thomas hired Edward J. Mack as editor of the newspaper in 1965. 
Family ownership continued in the 1980s when Thomas was joined in the publication of the newspaper by his three children, Catherine, John, and Howard. Catherine’s husband, Jay Langley, became editor in 1988, while Mack rejoined 
the newspaper in 1989 as general manager. Catherine Langley succeeded her father as publisher after his death in 1994.
In February 2001, Penn Jersey Advance, Inc., a unit of Advance Publications (Newhouse), bought "The Democrat" and its sister publications. Based in Somerville, New Jersey, Penn Jersey Advance is the parent company of NJN Publishing, a network of newspapers in New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
Sister publications.
"The Democrat" purchased "The Frenchtown Star" in 1932, which had been published in Frenchtown since 1879, and renamed it "The Delaware Valley News". In 1949 "The Milford Leader" was also purchased and combined with "The Delaware Valley News". The newspaper was shut down in September 2008.
"The Democrat" launched a free-circulation weekly newspaper, "The Hunterdon Observer", in August 1987. Another free weekly, "The Warren Reporter", serves Warren County. A monthly magazine, "Horse News", is also a member of "The Democrat"'s publishing group. Penn Jersey Advance bought "The Delaware Valley News", "The Hunterdon Observer", "The Warren Reporter", and "Horse News" in its 2001 acquisition of "The Democrat".
External links.
"Hunterdon County Democrat" website
"Hunterdon County Democrat" news on NJ.com
Contact information, NJN Publishing

</doc>
<doc id="20733616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733616" title="Out (1957 film)">
Out (1957 film)

Out was a short film produced by the United Nations Film Board and directed by Lionel Rogosin on the refugee situation in Austria as a result of Hungarian Revolution of 1956. The film was conceived 28 November 1956, filming began on 3 December 1956, and the answer print was screened 4 January 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20733621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733621" title="Chromatic (programmer)">
Chromatic (programmer)

chromatic is a writer and free software programmer best known for his work in the Perl programming language. He resides in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States. He is the author of "Extreme Programming Pocket Guide", a co-author of "Perl Testing: A Developer's Notebook", the lead author of "Perl Hacks", and an uncredited contributor to "The Art of Agile Development". He has a music degree. He has contributed to CPAN, Perl 5, Perl 6, and Parrot.
In 2009, he founded Modern Perl Books, in part to revitalize the world of Perl and to publish materials that other publishers had neglected.
In 2010, he released the book Modern Perl in print and in electronic form, with the latter redistributable freely (though with a suggested donation). An updated edition was released in 2012, with the entire text online.
CPAN.
While he may be most currently known for the module Modern::Perl, chromatic originally wrote Test::Builder, which is the foundation of most testing in the Perl world.
Perl 6.
chromatic spent several years as the Perl 6 project secretary. He is one of the biggest proponents of "roles" in Perl 6 (what some other programming languages refer to as "traits").
Parrot.
chromatic has been a core developer of Parrot. He was also secretary of the Parrot Foundation from 2008 until 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20733640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733640" title="Conservatoria delle Coste">
Conservatoria delle Coste

The Conservatoria delle Coste (Coastal conservation agency) (official name: "Conservatoria delle Coste della Sardegna" in Italian, "Conservatoria de sas Costeras de sa Sardigna" in Sardinian) is a Sardinian public agency created by the Regional Law N°2 of the 29th of May 2007, to ensure the protection of outstanding natural areas on the Sardinian coast.
Its creation was inspired by the British National Trust, and foremost by the French Conservatoire du littoral.
The Conservatoria was created by the Autonomous Region of Sardinia as an independent agency. His organs are the Scientific Committee, the Executive Director and the Board of Auditors. Currently the Executive Director is Dr. Alessio Satta.
The Headquarter of the Regional Agency for Coastal Conservation of Sardinia is in the City of Cagliari
Sardinian coasts are composed by cliffs, islands and sand dunes, which are the result of geology, weather conditions and exposure to the ever-pounding sea. The Agency manages some of the most beautiful locations belonging to the Sardinian historical and cultural heritage: lighthouses, harbours, towers and past archaeological sites. 
The Conservatoria acquires the most fragile and delicate territories by donations, by pre-emption in or, from time to time, by direct purchaase. 
After ensuring all the restoration work, the Conservatoria can manage the areas by itself or entrusts the management to local authorities or other local groups or organisations. The Conservatoria determinates how the sites should be managed and what activities (such as agricultural or turistic activities) are compatible with its goals.
The main objective of the Agency Conservatoria delle Coste is to ensure a sustainable development of coastal areas through an integrated management system and in particular the implementation of the Integrated Coastal Zone Management (ICZM) in Sardinia coastal areas under the institutional framework of the International Protocol and the EU recommendation on ICZM.
The Agency works in collaboration with PAP/RAC the Priority Actions Programme / Regional Activity Centre of the Mediterranean Action Plan of UNEP to better manage Sardinian coastal zones, improving an integrated approach of the decision processes, able to take into account geographical, political, environmental, social, cultural, historical and economical aspects. This process, as well as the emerging coastal environmental challenges are being dealt, together with other Mediterranean Countries 
The "Conservatoria delle Coste" carries out four specific priorities:
PRIORITY 1: CONSERVATION AND LOCAL DEVELOPMENT 
• conservation and valorisation of Sardinian historical coastal heritage
• scientific applied research on coastal and marine ecosystems
• implementation of sustainable local development strategies in partnership with coastal municipalities
• support and promotion of sustainable tourism, fishing and agriculture activities
PRIORITY 2: Integrated Coastal Zone Management (ICZM) 
• ICZM through coordination and planning actions
• ICZM strategies for adaptation to Climate Change
• actions for strengthening coastal areas natural resilience
• coastal erosion risk mitigation strategies and monitoring
PRIORITY 3: AWARENESS RAISING AND ENVIRONMENTAL EDUCATION
• communication and public awareness
• environmental education for primary and high schools
• activities for the children, like street theatre and environmental games; 
• photo and video contests organized through cooperation with local authorities;
PRIORITY 4: INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION
• international cooperation activities within the framework of the coastal integrated management, climate change and sustainable tourism
Images.
Images of the Sardinian coast.

</doc>
<doc id="20733643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733643" title="Louis Lliboutry">
Louis Lliboutry

Louis Lliboutry () was an early French glaciologist, geographer and mountaineer. One of his most famous works is the extensive treaty of "Nieves y Glaciares de Chile: Fundamentos de glaciología" published in 1956. Lliboutry's works concentrated on the glaciology of the Dry Andes and Wet Andes, especially in the surroundings of Santiago. One of his most notable contributions was an explanation for the formation of penitentes.

</doc>
<doc id="20733644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733644" title="Vy-lo-fone">
Vy-lo-fone

Vy-lo-fone is the third studio album from Shetland-based band Bongshang.

</doc>
<doc id="20733683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733683" title="Uncial 0307">
Uncial 0307

Uncial 0307 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 9th century.
The codex contains a small texts of the Gospels, on 7 parchment leaves (28 by 22 cm). 
It contains Matthew 11:21-12:4; Mark 11:29-12:21; Luke 9:39-10:5; 22:18-47.
Written in two columns per page, 22 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest. 
It is currently housed at the Vatican Library (Vat. gr. 2061) in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="20733692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733692" title="HMS Otter">
HMS Otter

Twelve ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Otter", for the otter.

</doc>
<doc id="20733726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733726" title="William Bentsen">
William Bentsen

William Bentsen (born 18 February 1930) is an American sailor and Olympic champion.
Bentsen received a gold medal in the "Soling class" at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="20733728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733728" title="Sheryl Gascoigne">
Sheryl Gascoigne

Sheryl Gasgoigne (née Failes; born 24 September 1965) is a British television personality and author. She is the former wife of footballer Paul Gascoigne and the mother of glamour model Bianca Gascoigne. Her television career includes a presenting role on ITV1's "Loose Women", and she appeared as a contestant on the tenth series of the UK version of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!"
Life and career.
Sheryl Gascoigne rose to prominence because of her high-profile relationship, and later marriage, to footballer Paul Gascoigne. Having met in around 1990, they were married in Hatfield, Hertfordshire in July 1996. However, the marriage was a turbulent and ultimately short-lived one, ending in divorce in August 1998. Paul had experienced difficulties with alcoholism and had been abusive towards his wife. In a July 1994 interview with a Sunday newspaper Paul Gascoigne admitted beating Sheryl on a regular basis for two years. The couple later tried to reconcile but without success.
Following her divorce in 1998 Sheryl Gascoigne campaigned for victims of domestic violence, and became a television personality. Among her credits include presenting role on ITV1's "Loose Women" and appearances in numerous television documentaries. In 2010 she appeared on series ten of "I'm a Celebrity Get...Me Out of Here!" Having turned down an offer to appear on the programme earlier in the year, she was persuaded to join after one of the other contestants, Gail Porter was forced to drop out, and she was allegedly offered a higher fee to take part. She was the first contestant to be voted off after 13 days.
In 2009 she published a book, "Stronger: My Life Surviving Gazza", an autobiographical account of her marriage to Gascoigne in which she made claims about his violent behaviour towards her. She later said she wrote the book in response to accounts her former husband had published about their life together. The "News of the World" later featured a story under the title "You Lying Bitch!" giving Paul Gascoigne's reaction to the book. Sheryl Gascoigne subsequently sued the newspaper for libel and was awarded an undisclosed amount of compensation in at the High Court in May 2010. In November 2011 she gave evidence to the Leveson Inquiry, established to examine the activities of the media following the News International phone hacking scandal. She told the inquiry she had been portrayed as a gold-digger by the press, but that her ex-husband's advisers had urged her not to take legal action. She said the media had "constantly" followed her while she was pregnant and that on another occasion she had been forced to crawl around her house on her "hands and knees" to avoid press taking photographs of her through the windows. She said her children also found the media interest difficult.
Personal life.
She has two children, Bianca and Mason, from her marriage to Colin Kyle, and a son, Regan, from her marriage to Paul Gascoigne. He adopted Sheryl's two children from her first marriage, and they took his surname. They have claimed that he beat them as well. Bianca Gascoigne appeared on reality TV show "Love Island".

</doc>
<doc id="20733767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733767" title="Bluff Lake Nature Center">
Bluff Lake Nature Center

Bluff Lake Nature Center is a wildlife refuge and environmental education center in Denver, Colorado, located along Sand Creek on the eastern edge of the former Stapleton International Airport. Bluff Lake hosts nearly 40,000 visitors each year, with the majority coming from east Denver neighborhoods and part of school-based and public programs.
Programs.
Bluff Lake Nature Center offers science education programs in partnership with Denver Public Schools, Aurora Public Schools, and Adams County Public Schools. A summer fireside chat series is held with The Nature Conservancy of Colorado and week-long Junior Naturalist camps are held in June, July, and August.
Bluff Lake Nature Center is free and open to the public, serving a role as unplanned open space for children and families in the nearby neighborhoods.
Habitat and wildlife.
Bluff Lake Nature Center consists of a variety of native habitats including wetlands, short-grass prairie, a riparian zone and wetland woodland. Thanks to its 60 year history as an airport buffer, Bluff Lake has become an urban wildlife refuge for waterfowl, shorebirds, raptors, songbirds, deer, fox, beaver, reptiles, amphibians and other types of wildlife that visit or live at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20733779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733779" title="William Allen (sailor)">
William Allen (sailor)

William Allen (born 20 November 1947) is an American sailor and Olympic champion.
Allen received a gold medal in the "Soling class" at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="20733786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733786" title="Temple B'nai Shalom (Brookhaven, Mississippi)">
Temple B'nai Shalom (Brookhaven, Mississippi)

Temple B'nai Shalom (Sons or Children of Peace) is a synagogue in Brookhaven, Mississippi.
History.
The congregation formed in 1894. A synagogue building was erected at Chickasaw and South Church streets in 1896. Although still a synagogue, B'nai Shalom holds only occasional services.
Architecture.
The white clapboard building is notable for its Moorish Revival Horseshoe arch windows and for a truncated tower that "references the porthole of an Islamic minaret" with a slender Horseshoe arch window.

</doc>
<doc id="20733790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733790" title="Reflections of the Solstice">
Reflections of the Solstice

Reflections of the Solstice was a debut album by American Death/Black/Doom - metal band Goatlord, released September 13, 1991 on Turbo Music. The cover art of the album is made by Chris Moyen.
Track listing.
Also released by JL America with an extra track, Voodoo Mass.

</doc>
<doc id="20733791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733791" title="Juan Brüggen Messtorff">
Juan Brüggen Messtorff

Juan Brüggen Messtorff (Lübeck, Germany, April 25, 1887 – March 7, 1953, Santiago de Chile) was a German-Chilean geologist. One of his most famous works is the extensive treaty of "Fundamentos de la geología de Chile" published in 1950. Brüggen Glacier in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20733802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733802" title="Richard Hutton Davies">
Richard Hutton Davies

Major General Richard Hutton Davies CB (14 August 1861 – 9 May 1918) was an officer of the New Zealand Military Forces during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, the first New Zealander to command an independent force overseas and one of the most senior New Zealand officers during the First World War.
Born in London, he emigrated to New Zealand after leaving school, where he worked as a surveyor. He joined a volunteer militia unit in 1893, and went to South Africa as an officer with the first New Zealand contingent sent to the Boer War in 1899. He later commanded the third, fourth and eighth contingents, becoming the first New Zealand officer to command an independent unit on active service overseas. Following his return to New Zealand, he became inspector-general of the New Zealand Military Forces, and in 1909 was attached to a British Army brigade to gain staff experience.
This led to him being offered command of 6th Brigade, a regular infantry brigade of British troops, in 1910; he was the first colonial officer to hold such a position. In the summer of 1914 the brigade was mobilised with the British Expeditionary Force, and he commanded it at the Battle of Mons and the First Battle of the Aisne before being invalided back to England due to exhaustion. He was given command of the newly formed 20th (Light) Division, which he took to France in 1915, but was relieved of command early in 1916. After a period in command of a reserve centre in Staffordshire, he was sent to hospital suffering from both mental and physical ill health, and committed suicide in May 1918.
Early life and family.
Davies was born in London, the son of a journalist, and was educated at Hurstpierpoint College. After leaving school, he emigrated to New Zealand, where he spent two years working for a relative before settling at Taranaki, setting up a farm and practising as a surveyor. He married Ida Mary Cornwall in February 1886; they had two sons and a daughter. One son, Henry Cornwall Davies, served with the New Zealand Expeditionary Force during the First World War, and, like his father, transferred to the British Army in 1915, becoming a captain in the Royal Engineers. Ida died in pregnancy with their fourth child in December 1906; he remarried, to Ida's sister Eileen Kathleen Cornwall, in May 1908.
In October 1887 Davies became the surveyor to the Manganui Road Board. On 10 April 1893, he joined the Hawera Mounted Rifle Volunteers, and was commissioned as a lieutenant in May 1895; he was quickly promoted to captain six weeks later, becoming the commander of the unit. He was also active in local government, and in February 1897 was elected a member of the New Plymouth Harbour Board, representing Taranaki North.
South Africa.
On 3 October 1899 Davies transferred into the Permanent Force of the New Zealand Militia, where he was made responsible for the training of volunteer mounted units. The Boer War, however, was declared a week later; Davies was quickly seconded to command a company of the volunteer First New Zealand Contingent being sent to the Cape. The contingent sailed on 21 October, arrived in late November, and was on active service within a week. Davies was promoted to Major in May 1900, and in the same month was given temporary command of the Third New Zealand Contingent. He was transferred to the Rhodesian Field Force, where he commanded the Fourth New Zealand Contingent in August 1900.
He established a high professional reputation commanding the unit, and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel and made a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB), as well as winning the respect of his men - one described him as "not only liked but loved". A soldier wrote home calling Davies, who stood five feet six inches tall, "a grand little chap", whilst another noted with pleasure that Davies objected to "Imperial ideas of discipline" being forced upon his men.
After being mentioned in despatches in May 1901 he returned home to command the Auckland Military District, but was ordered back to South Africa in command of the eighth New Zealand Contingent, in February 1902, with the brevet rank of colonel. The contingent operated as a single unit, unlike its predecessors, and Davies became the first officer from New Zealand to command an independent force on active service overseas.
Military reform.
Returning to New Zealand in late 1902, Davies resumed command of the Auckland military district. He held command until 1906, when he was appointed inspector-general of the New Zealand Military Forces and became a member of the Council of Defence, the body responsible for controlling the dominion's military forces. The position of inspector-general, newly created that year, was originally expected to go to an "Imperial" - that is, British - officer, but the government had announced it planned to rotate New Zealand officers in the role, on up to five-year terms, so as to allow them to gain experience.
Davies threw himself into the role, travelling around the country and inspecting local units to gain an overall idea of their efficiency. Even under favourable circumstances, however, he found that only 54% of the volunteers attended parades in 1906; at the annual camps, the proportion was as low as 45%. He pressed for greater use of active day-time tactical training rather than evening indoors drill, which he felt was key for a part-time volunteer force, and for a greater emphasis on the training and standards of officers. By the end of his second year in office, he had organised local selection boards for appointing officers, and a central promotion board for senior field officers, as well as mandatory regular fitness and efficiency tests.
As a member of the Council of Defence, he strongly supported the movement for universal military training - not conventional conscription, but rather a form of basic military training on a part-time basis for all adult men - arguing that it would mean "the flower of the nation would be the soldiers, not the weeds".
British service.
After three years as Inspector-General, and in order to gain staff experience, Davies was attached as an observer to a number of units in the United Kingdom in 1909-10. During this time, he also attended the Imperial Defence Conference and represented the New Zealand forces at the funeral of King Edward VII. At the end of the one-year attachment, he had so impressed the British Army that they offered him an appointment as commander of 6th Brigade in October 1910, with the temporary rank of brigadier-general. As such, he became the first overseas officer to command a regular brigade, only eleven years after taking up a permanent military commission.
Davies' tenure in command of 6th Brigade was due to expire in October 1914, when he was to hand over command to John Keir, and it was rumoured in New Zealand that he might be appointed as general officer commanding the home forces in 1915, succeeding Alexander Godley. However, with the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914, his command was mobilised as part of 2nd Division in the British Expeditionary Force and sent to France. The brigade saw heavy combat at the Battle of Mons, where Davies was mentioned in despatches, but he was quickly worn down by his habit of always marching at the head of his brigade, which put him under heavy physical and mental strain, and from the lasting effects of an attack of pneumonia earlier in the year. One report described him as "much changed, full of nerves ... very jumpy". He was relieved of command after the First Battle of the Aisne in September and ordered home, replaced by Colonel Robert Fanshawe, formerly GSO 1 of 1st Division, on 20 September.
He was appointed a divisional commander, with the rank of temporary major-general, on 19 October 1914, and took command of the newly raised 20th (Light) Division at some point in September–October. This made him the first New Zealand officer to command a division in the War. On 18 February 1915, he was formally transferred to the British Army, and promoted to major-general. The 20th Division moved to France in July 1915, and he commanded it during a minor operation in September, but handed over command on 8 March 1916 due to ill-health. He was appointed to command a reserve centre at Cannock Chase, Staffordshire, where the arrival of elements of the New Zealand Rifle Brigade in September 1917 meant that he once again had the opportunity to command his own countrymen. He was relieved of command by General Robert Wanless O'Gowan in March 1918, and on 9 May 1918, after a prolonged period of physical and mental ill health, he committed suicide at the Special Neurological Hospital for Officers, Kensington.

</doc>
<doc id="20733837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733837" title="Kaori Chiba">
Kaori Chiba

Kaori Chiba (; born January 29, 1981 in Minami-Alps, Yamanashi) is a female field hockey player from Japan. She twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics (2004 and 2008). 
Chiba became topscorer at the 2006 Women's Hockey World Cup Qualifier in Rome, Italy, alongside Tomomi Komori (Japan), Rhona Simpson (Scotland) and Maryna Vynohradova (Ukraine), scoring six goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20733843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733843" title="The Lawless Years">
The Lawless Years

The Lawless Years is an American crime drama series that aired on NBC from April 16 1959, to September 22, 1961. The series is the first of its kind set set during the Roaring 20s, having predated ABC's far more successful "The Untouchables" by six months. The series stars James Gregory and Robert Karnes.
Synopsis.
James Gregory stars as real-life NYPD Detective Barney Ruditsky, with Robert Karnes as Max, his associate. Ruditsky, who had become a private investigator in Hollywood after retiring from law enforcement, served as the show's technical advisor. Jack Chertok was the producer.
Broadcast history.
The program debuted at the 10:30 p.m. Eastern slot on Thursday after Groucho Marx's "You Bet Your Life". The last third of "Playhouse 90" ran on CBS at the same time. In the 1961 run, the series aired on Friday.
DVD release.
On September 25, 2012, Timeless Media Group released "The Lawless Years - The Complete Series" on Region 1 DVD. The 6-disc set features all 47 episodes of the series. Alpha Video has released two individual volumes on DVD-R, each containing four episodes from the series. A third is slated to release on February 25, 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20733853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733853" title="The Hurricane Jungle">
The Hurricane Jungle

The Hurricane Jungle is the second studio album from Shetland based band Bongshang.

</doc>
<doc id="20733854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733854" title="Huaipi">
Huaipi

The Huaipi goat breed from the region of Henan in China is used for the production of meat. They usually have white coat coloration.

</doc>
<doc id="20733855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733855" title="Robbie Haines">
Robbie Haines

Robbie Haines (born 27 March 1954) is an American sailor and Olympic champion. He has won seven world championships in 4 different class of boats. He was associate producer and sailing team manager for the Walt Disney film "Morning Light". He was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for being a member of the 1980 US Olympic Sailing Team which did not compete in Russia due to the boycott of the Olympic Games that year by President Jimmy Carter.
Haines, skipper of the Haines-Trevelyan-Davis team, received a gold medal in the "Soling class" at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20733899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733899" title="Tomomi Komori">
Tomomi Komori

Tomomi Komori (; born February 18, 1983 in Nikkō, Tochigi) is a female field hockey player from Japan. She twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics (2004 and 2008).
Komori became topscorer at the 2006 Women's Hockey World Cup Qualifier in Rome, Italy, alongside Kaori Chiba (Japan), Rhona Simpson (Scotland) and Maryna Vynohradova (Ukraine), scoring six goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20733905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733905" title="A dos vientos. Criticas y semblanzas">
A dos vientos. Criticas y semblanzas

A dos vientos. Criticas y semblanzas is a collection of articles in Spanish by Ramon Domènec Perés i Perés, most published in La Vanguardia between 1888 and 1892, and published as a volume in 1892.
Analysis.
Perés defends (as in his Literary Criticism in Catalonia, of 1883) the exercise of criticism based on information and intellectual competence, for which he cites authorities like Paul Bourget, Goncourt, Matthew Arnold, Henry James, Alas and Pardo Bazan, among others. He discusses Menéndez Pelayo and Frederic Soler, the recent work of Palacio Valdés, Pérez Galdos, Juan Valera, Mestres, Verdaguer, Pin i Soler and Bosch de la Trinxeria, and two translations into Spanish, of Heine and of Pindar.
He sometimes drifts from the dominant belief that realism and modernity are synonymous, in such a way that one can see (for example in the pages devoted to Galdos) the unconscious signs of the exhaustion of the Realist rhetoric.
Perés is interested in looking at Catalan literature from the perspective of the Spanish. With a spirit that evokes that of the critic Yxart, he draws a portrait in which Catalan literature is praised for its evocative realism, in an analysis that is neither condescending nor pejorative, even in line with Renaixença readings. The Catalan literary establishment is taken to task for some rigidity in their habits of production and consumption, as well as for an abusive protectionism, that nonetheless does not in any way take away from the intense creativity of a Mestres or a Verdaguer.
Addressing a number of questions (the novel as a demand of economy and coherence, the idea of poetry, the value of translations in literary life, doubts about the literary value of the work of Soler, Verdaguer as an ancient poet), the volume highlights the extraordinary value of the narrative of Galdos and of the poetry of Mestres. The collection obtained favourable reviews in the press of both Barcelona and Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="20733923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733923" title="Aegon Trophy">
Aegon Trophy

The Aegon Trophy is an annual tennis tournament played in Nottingham, England. The tournament is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour, and of the International Tennis Federation (ITF) Women's Circuit as a $75,000 event. The tournament's key sponsor is Dutch insurance firm Aegon. The Aegon Trophy and Aegon Nottingham Challenge are the only challenger events to be held on grass. The tournament is held at the end of May before the main tours grass court season starts. It lasts for a week and features 32 players in a 32 player draw grid with eight seeds.
In 2015, the women's competition will be upgraded to a WTA International tournament with $235,000 in prize money.
Location.
The tournament is held annually at the Nottingham Tennis Centre within the University Park area of Nottingham.
History.
The city used to hold an ATP Tour event, the Nottingham Open; however, due to its failure to attracted big names the tournament was merged with the Women's Eastbourne International event in 2009. It was merged with Eastbourne due to the LTA wanting to attract an umbrella sponsor and a younger audience to Eastbourne. However in December 2008, it was announced that Nottingham would take over from Surbiton, in hosting the grass court ATP challenger and ITF event. It started in 2009, replacing the Surbiton Trophy, due to the renovation of the facilities that had been undertaken at the Nottingham tennis centre. The new WTA International competition will commence on June 8, 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="20733924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733924" title="Francis Godolphin Osbourne Stuart">
Francis Godolphin Osbourne Stuart

Francis Godolphin Osbourne Stuart (c.1843–1923) was a Scottish photographer. Commonly referred to as F. G. O. Stuart, he was born in Braemar, Aberdeenshire. Stuart worked as a photographer in Aberdeen and London, before settling in Southampton by about 1881 (appearing in the 1881 census). He is best known as a photographer and publisher of picture postcards, mainly of images of southern England, with the first cards appearing about 1901. On his death in 1923 his son-in-law Charles Dowson took over the family business and carried on until the 1930s. Stuart regularly took team photographs in the early days of Southampton Football Club.
This was the "Golden Age" of picture postcards, and over 2500 postcards were produced by Stuart (and later Dowson), primarily depicting images of a topographical nature, often in the Southampton area. Stuart himself (or his pony and cart) can often be seen in the street scenes. Early Stuart postcards were printed in Germany and are renowned for the quality of the print and vibrancy of the colours. With the outbreak of war in 1914, printing moved to England and there was a notable decrease in the quality of the cards produced. Trimmed cards can sometimes be seen where the publisher has trimmed the 'Printed in Germany' mark from the side of the card. During the war Stuart acted as the official port photographer, recording damage to shipping and Southampton docks.
Stuart's commercial premises in Southampton were at 57, 59 and 61 Cromwell Road, Southampton.
External links.
Online F.G.O. Stuart Archive www.fgo-stuart.co.uk

</doc>
<doc id="20733926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733926" title="Nuha">
Nuha

Nuha can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20733961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733961" title="Cascading classifiers">
Cascading classifiers

Cascading is a particular case of ensemble learning based on the concatenation of several classifiers, using all information collected from the output from a given classifier as additional information for the next classifier in the cascade. Unlike voting or stacking ensembles, which are multiexpert systems, cascading is a multistage one.
The first cascading classifier is the face detector of Viola and Jones (2001). The requirement was that the classifier be fast in order to be implemented on low CPU systems, such as cameras and phones.
The algorithm can be summed up as follows:
for all rectangles in the image:
The question is there a face in the current rectangle according to classifier i, for the stage number i ranging from 1 to n is answered by a collection of weak learners. For example, the 'face in current rectangle' score of stage 1 might be 0.3*(centerpixels-sidepixels)+0.5*(-pixel 1/3 from the top + rest of pixels) > 0.8. The first condition expresses the fact that the nose catches the light and the second one the fact that eyebrows are darker than the rest of the face.
It can be seen from this description that the classifier will not accept faces that are upside down (the eyebrows are not in a correct position) or the side of the face (the nose is no longer in the center, and there might no be shadows on the side of the nose). Separate cascade classifiers have to be trained for every rotation not in the image plane (side of face) and will have to be retrained or run on rotated features for every rotation in the image plane (face upside down). Scaling is not a problem, since the features can be scaled (centerpixel and sidepixels have a dimension only relative to the rectangle examined). In recent cascades, pixel value from some part of a rectangle compared to another have been replaced with Haar wavelets, which basically does the same thing, since they multiply pixels by a sinusoid in a given window, so (centerpixels-sidepixel) will be replaced by a +cosinus between -pi and pi in a given window.
To have good overall performance, the following criteria must be met:
The training procedure for one stage is therefore to have many weak learners (simple pixel difference operators), train them as a group (raise their weight if they give correct result), but be mindful of having only a few active weak learners so the computation time remains low, this is usually done through cost-aware ADAboost. The sensitivity threshold (0.8 in our example) is then adjusted so that there is close to 100% true positives and some false positives. The procedure can then be started again for stage 2, until the desired accuracy/computation time is desired.
The first detector of Viola & Jones had 38 stages, with 1 feature in the first stage, then 10, 25, 25, 50 in the next five stages, for a total of 6000 features. The first stages remove unwanted rectangles rapidly to avoid paying the computational costs of the next stages, so that computational time is spent analyzing deeply the part of the image that have a high probability of containing the object. 
After this initial algorithm, it was understood that training the cascade a whole can be optimized, to achieve a desired accuracy goal with minimal complexity. Examples of such algorithms are RCBoost, ECBoost or RCECBoost, in their most basic versions, they can be understood as choosing, at each step, between adding a stage or adding a weak learner to a previous stage, whichever is less costly, until the desired accuracy has been reached. The classifier (and also every stage) cannot have an accuracy below the desired total accuracy, so this is a constrained optimization problem.
Cascade classifiers are available in OpenCV, with already trained cascades for frontal faces. Training a cascade on different object is possible (search for training a haar cascade, for example), but can currently take a few days.

</doc>
<doc id="20733972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733972" title="Edward Trevelyan">
Edward Trevelyan

Edward Trevelyan (born 14 August 1955) is an American sailor and Olympic champion.
Trevelyan, a member of the Haines-Trevelyan-Davis team, received a gold medal in the "Soling class" at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Edward now lives in St. Michaels, Maryland with his family and works for the US Census Bureau.
Early life.
Edward was born in San Pedro, California to Jennifer and Norman Trevelyan August 14, 1955. He has 3 siblings.

</doc>
<doc id="20733981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733981" title="Heart Attack Grill">
Heart Attack Grill

The Heart Attack Grill is an American hamburger restaurant in Las Vegas, Nevada (formerly located in Chandler, Arizona). It has courted controversy by serving high-calorie menu items with deliberately provocative names coupled with waitresses in sexually provocative clothing.
The establishment is a hospital theme restaurant: waitresses ("nurses") take orders ("prescriptions") from the customers ("patients"). A tag is wrapped on the patient's wrist showing which foods they order and a "doctor" examines the "patients" with a stethoscope. The menu includes "Single", "Double", "Triple", and "Quadruple Bypass" hamburgers, ranging from of beef (up to about 8,000 calories), all-you-can-eat "Flatliner Fries" (cooked in pure lard), beer and tequila, and soft drinks such as Jolt and Mexican-bottled Coca-Cola made with real sugar. Customers over in weight eat for free if they weigh in with a doctor or nurse before each burger. Beverages and to-go orders are excluded and sharing food is also not allowed for the free food deal.
History.
The Heart Attack Grill was founded in 2005 in Chandler, Arizona, by Jon Basso with the declared intent of serving "nutritional pornography", food "so bad for you it's shocking". The idea came when writing a marketing thesis about fitness training studios, as he became inspired by stories about his clients cheating on their diets. A second Heart Attack Grill opened in Dallas, Texas in May 2011, but closed in October 2011.
One of the restaurant's promotions is a reward for customers who finish a Triple or Quadruple Bypass Burger, after which they are placed on a wheelchair and wheeled out to their vehicle by their "personal nurse".
The restaurant's spokesman, Blair River, died on March 1, 2011, aged 29, from complications of pneumonia. The Arizona location closed shortly thereafter, on May 31, 2011.
The Dallas location suffered a similar fate within a few months after that. According to a blog entry in the "Dallas Morning News", as of October 12, 2011, the locks at the West End location were changed due to nonpayment of rent. Additionally, food critic Scott Reitz of the "Dallas Observer" reported being unable to reach the manager by phone and that the restaurant's official website had been "scrubbed of any Dallas location information."
On February 11, 2012, a customer suffered what was reported to be an apparent heart attack while eating a "Triple Bypass Burger" at the grill. Restaurant owner Jon Basso called 9-1-1 and the customer was taken to the hospital. Another patron, Blair River, age 29 was known as the Grill's "Gentle Giant" and described as an unofficial spokesman and regular patron. He died of flu-related pneumonia in March 2011. In February 2013, a second unofficial spokesman and daily patron, 52-year-old John Alleman, died of an apparent heart attack while waiting at a bus stop in front of the Las Vegas restaurant. Other similar incidents include on April 21, 2012, when a woman fell unconscious while eating a Double Bypass Burger, drinking alcohol and smoking.
Menu.
The Heart Attack Grill menu consists of four burger varieties based on number of half-pound patties: the "Single Bypass Burger," the "Double Bypass Burger," the "Triple Bypass Burger," and the "Quadruple Bypass Burger." Each of the burgers can be augmented with "unadulterated" (not drained of the grease from cooking) bacon slices in quantities of five slices per patty, thus five slices of bacon on the Single Bypass, ten slices on the Double Bypass, 15 slices on the Triple Bypass, and 20 slices of bacon on the Quadruple Bypass Burger and so-on. All burgers are served, per patty, with a slice of American cheese, red onion, sliced tomato, and Heart Attack Grill's own unique special sauce.
The only available side item is "Flatliner Fries," fresh French-cut potatoes deep fried in pure lard. Heart Attack Grill also offers "Butter-fat Shakes" in vanilla, chocolate and strawberry flavors. This high calorie shake is so named because it is made from butter fat cream. Various packaged candies are also available as dessert items, most notably the controversial candy cigarette.
For refreshment, high sugar content sodas are available as well as bottled water and several brands of malt liquor and beers served in the can. There is also a full bar which, in keeping with the theme, serves FAT bastard wines and liquor shots served in four ounce novelty syringes.
Reception.
Heart Attack Grill has deliberately courted controversy as a marketing strategy. The restaurant has been criticized and drawn complaints for its breastaurant style portrayal of nurses.
The Quadruple Bypass Burger with has been identified as one of the "world's worst junk foods". It consists of four half-pound beef patties, twenty strips of bacon, eight slices of American cheese, a whole tomato and half an onion served in a bun coated with lard.
The restaurant was featured on an episode of "Extreme Pig-outs" on the Travel Channel, "All You Can Eat" on the The History Channel, World's Weirdest Restaurants on Food Network Canada, ABC News, and on a CBS report with Bill Geist.

</doc>
<doc id="20733986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733986" title="Hungarian Improved">
Hungarian Improved

The Hungarian Improved goat breed from Hungary is used for the production of milk. It is descended from selective breeding of local goats crossed with Swiss dairy breeds, especially the Saanen goat.

</doc>
<doc id="20734028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734028" title="Rhydspence Inn">
Rhydspence Inn

The Rhydspence Inn is a 14th-century inn situated on the Wales-England border and within the Wye Valley overlooking the Welsh hills and Herefordshire countryside.
There a two bars with an open fire, a bar menu and a restaurant. Accommodation all with views over the Wye Valley. The Inn is 4 star rated by the AA and has a TripAdvisor Certificate of Excellence.
History of the building.
The Rhydspence Inn is, and probably always has been, a hostelry. The building dates from 1380 with extensions built in the 17th and 20th centuries. Although there are no records or documents to substantiate any claims, the style of building, size and location are a clear guide and one can be fairly certain that the inn was built to provide comfort for travellers and pilgrims on the medieval route from Abbey Cwmhir to Hereford Cathedral (now part of the Cistercian Way). The land between Rhydspence and Pencesty was called 'La Speys' and was attached to Abbey Cwmhir, which was located about north of Llandrindod Wells.
By comparison with similar buildings with known provenance it is thought that the inn was built by the Vaughn family of Hergest; of whom the best known for his infamous deeds is Thomas, The Black Vaughn. He is said to haunt Kington church by riding his charger down the nave dressed in full armour.
The house was originally of a hall house design, being two-storey at one end and a large open hall area with central open fire, it had a thatched roof. Changes have taken place over the centuries and it is now two storeys throughout with a stone tile roof.
In 1590, two generations after the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the tenant was Thomas Watkins, and it is likely that at this time the ecclesiastical hostelry had become a stopover for the Welsh and Irish drovers. The Rhydspence became the main assembly point for cattle on the 'Black Ox Trail' (the origins of Lloyds Bank) with beasts coming on drovers roads from Southern Ireland, South and Mid Wales.
Origin of the name.
Attached to the inn were some of land and it is probable that from this time that the inn gained the name Rhydspence. Rhyd means 'River Crossing', not necessarily a bridge, in this case a ford as the inn is located near to a point where the River Wye can easily be forded, in summer at least, furthest east along the river and free from toll. Spence is possibly a corruption of 'Pence' as the land was split into penny, Halfpenny and Farthing Fields; these were let to the drovers to rest and revitalise the livestock before forming herds for the drive to the English cities and markets as far as London.
Drovers.
There are many stories about the Drovers, whose role existed for a period of three to four hundred years. Experiments with shoeing cattle, leather boots for sheep and bitumen on the feet of geese are often mentioned. Initially a 'herd' would have been about 12 cattle every day to London because only 12 cattle were required at Smithfield market. Similarly herds would be dispatched daily to Oxford, Gloucester, Worcester and the like. A small herd was not likely to be entirely lost to Highwaymen and no cash was carried. Hence the reference to the early origins of Lloyds Bank as monies could be transferred along the trail 'on the hoof' with minimum risk and this was the origin of today's Lloyds Banking Group in Wales (formerly The Bank of the Black Ox but now known as the Bank of the Black Horse). In later years the herds became bigger and eventually a railhead with stockyards was built in Kington and the Rhydspence was no longer needed by the cattle trade.
Today the Offa's Dyke Path, the Cistercian Way and the Wye Valley Walk pass close by the inn.
Location.
The Rhydspence Inn is on the English side of the Welsh Border, the stream in the garden marks the divide. To the east are the rolling fields of England, dotted with the famous timber framed Black and white villages of Herefordshire. To the west lie the hills and mountains of Wales including the Brecon Beacons.
Twenty miles into England stands the city of Hereford with its modern shopping centre and ancient cathedral. The cathedral houses two treasures which any visitor to the area must see, the fabulous medieval world map the Mappa Mundi and an extraordinary Chained Library of priceless medieval and Anglo Saxon manuscripts. Twenty miles into Wales stands the town of Brecon and its cathedral. Dwarfed by the mountains of the Brecon Beacons National Park, this is unrivalled walking country. Our nearest town is Hay-on-Wye, the 'Town of books'. Hay boasts dozens of facilities. Antiquarian booksellers, from the tiny to the world's largest. Even the castle ruins have been pressed into service as a book shop!
Past Owners.
A Buskin Shirley and a William Colley were the owner and Innkeeper from 1783. A ten shilling 'Licence for The Purveying of Liquor' was issued in 1830 to a John Morris, Proprietor and John Watkins, Owner. Sarah Ann Clark, the Landlady and wife of Philip Clark was murdered in 1880. Her ghost is said to haunt the inn; allegedly she is very friendly and only appears when there are young children staying at the inn. The Rhydspence continued into the 1950s as an Inn and farm when the land was sold off and the Inn progressed from an alehouse into the hotel and restaurant of today. Peter and Pamela Glover have owned and run the Rhydspence since 1986. Paul and Geraldine Ashley have been at the Rhydspence since July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20734041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734041" title="Antler Lake, Alberta">
Antler Lake, Alberta

Antler Lake is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within Strathcona County. It is located on the shores of Antler Lake on Range Road 211 and 211A just north of Wye Road, approximately east of Sherwood Park and northwest of Tofield. 
Antler Lake consists of residences developed on the eastern and southern shores of the lake, with some also developed on Hazelnut Island. It also has two playgrounds and access to outdoor recreation opportunities in the surrounding area. 
The hamlet is near the Strathcona Wilderness Centre, Cooking Lake - Blackfoot Grazing, Wildlife and Provincial Recreation Area, and the Elk Island National Park of Canada. Antler Lake is also situated within of the Uncas Elementary School, which many of the local children attend.
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Statistics Canada originally reported that Antler Lake had a population of 0. Statistics Canada subsequently amended Antler Lake's 2011 census results to a population of 454 living in 184 of its 191 total dwellings, a 5.3% change from its 2006 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
The population of Antler Lake according to Strathcona County's 2009 municipal census is 337.

</doc>
<doc id="20734042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734042" title="Jingyang">
Jingyang

Jingyang may refer to several places in China:

</doc>
<doc id="20734051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734051" title="Irish goat">
Irish goat

The Irish Goat breed from Ireland is used for the production of meat and milk. Although this breed is not native to Ireland, domesticated goats have long been kept for milk, meat, and skin. In many parts of the region, feral populations have become established as a result of escapes or deliberate releases from captivity. Populations have persisted in remote and rugged areas to which the animal is ideally adapted. These goats are nimble-footed on crags and precipitous cliffs. They have a range of colours, but the coat is usually a mixture of grey, black, and brown. Both sexes have horns, larger in the male than in the female. 

</doc>
<doc id="20734073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734073" title="Rhona Simpson">
Rhona Simpson

Rhona Isabel Simpson (born 14 July 1972 in Paisley, Renfrewshire) is a female field hockey player from Scotland. She twice represented Great Britain at the Summer Olympics (1996 and 2000). Simpson became top scorer at the 2006 Women's Hockey World Cup Qualifier in Rome, Italy, alongside Kaori Chiba (Japan), Tomomi Komori (Japan) and Maryna Vynohradova (Ukraine), scoring six goals.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20734091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734091" title="Ravil Safiullin">
Ravil Safiullin

Ravil Safiullin (; born February 4, 1955 in Makiivka) was Ukraine's Minister of Youth and Sports.
Ravil Safiullin was born in a Tatar family. Prior to his ministerial position, Safiullin was the president of Professional Football League of Ukraine in 2000-2008. He is still the Honorary President of PFL Ukraine. 
At 23 he finished the medical institute in Donetsk as a doctor-hygienist, epidemiologist. From 1977 to 1993 he worked at medical service. From 1994 to 2000 he worked the vice-president of FC Shakhtar Donetsk. In 2000 he was elected as the president of Professional Football League of Ukraine. Safiullin was people's deputy of IV, V and VI convocations of Verkhovna Rada for Party of Regions.
Safiullin is a former Minister of Family, Youth and Sport (in Ukraine). From March until December 2010 when he was dismissed by Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych.
On 28 February 2013 President Yanukovych reorganized the Ministry of Education and Science, Youth and Sports and the State Service for Youth and Sports, creating a Ministry of Education and the (new) Ministry of Youth and Sports; Safiullin was awarded the ministership of this new institution.

</doc>
<doc id="20734101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734101" title="Stock control">
Stock control

Stock control is defined as "the activity of checking a shop’s stock".
Many shops now use stock control systems. The term "stock control system" can be used to include various aspects of controlling the amount of stock on the shelves and in the stockroom and how reordering happens. Typical features of stock control software include:
These might detail what has sold, how quickly and at what price, for example. Reports could be used to predict when to stock up on extra products, for example, at Christmas or to make decisions about special offers, discontinuing products and so on. 
Sending reordering information not only to the warehouse but also directly to the factory producing the products to enable them to optimize production.
Advantages and disadvantages.
Stock control systems ensure that shelves are appropriately stocked. If there is too much stock, it ties up a company's money, money that might be better spent on reducing their overdraft, on advertising the business or on paying for better facilities for customers, for example. Too much stock means that some perishable products might not sell and would have to be thrown away and this would reduce a stock control system outweigh the disadvantages.

</doc>
<doc id="20734130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734130" title="Jining Grey">
Jining Grey

Jining Grey is a goat breed from the Shandong Province of China, used for the production of its kid pelt and cashmere fiber. 

</doc>
<doc id="20734160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734160" title="List of Warner Bros. cartoons with Blue Ribbon reissues">
List of Warner Bros. cartoons with Blue Ribbon reissues

Many "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" shorts were given Blue Ribbon reissues by Warner Bros. between 1943 and 1968.
Background.
The Blue Ribbon program was initiated in late 1943 as a way to cut costs for producing cartoons during World War II, and later as a way to compete against the growing popularity of television. Through the 1955-56 season, the reissues had a given season's opening rings, followed by a title card which showed a blue ribbon (hence the program's title) and a Grand Shorts Award trophy. For the first few seconds of this part, the "Merrie Melodies" logo was shown on top, with the legends "A WARNER BROS. CARTOON" (or in the earlier years, "Produced by LEON SCHLESINGER") and either "IN TECHNICOLOR" (1943–48), "Color by TECHNICOLOR" (1948–54), "COLOR BY TECHNICOLOR"/"PRINT BY TECHNICOLOR (both 1954-57, the "PRINT.." variation was used if the cartoon was originally made/released in Cinecolor), or "TECHNICOLOR" (1956–64) being shown on the bottom. Afterwards, the title of the cartoon appeared. There was one exception to this (see "Anomalies" below).
Beginning with the 1956-57 season, the part where the cartoon's title being showed on the aforementioned background was eliminated. Instead, the original technical credits were shown (all though some of the opening rings were replaced along with the original and closing music).
From the 1949-1950 through 1957-1958 release seasons, the Blue Ribbon reissues were assigned new production numbers which appeared below the WB shield on the main title. During the time of the cartoon studio's shutdown, the 1953-1954 (#'s 1351-1363) and 1954-1955 (#'s 1364-1377) reissue production number groups ran back to back.
Only color cartoons were eligible to be reissued in this program.
Anomalies.
The 1940 cartoon "The Mighty Hunters" was the one exception to the original rule. The 1952-53 opening rings and "Blue Ribbon" title card were shown as normal, but then proceeded to the original technical credits. This was the only cartoon which ended up in the a.a.p. package (released prior to August 1, 1948) to be reissued under the 1956-57 (and later) rules.
On the other hand, only five cartoons which WB would keep for their own TV packages (released August 1, 1948 or later) were reissued under the original 1943 rules (the technical credits are removed). These were: "Daffy Dilly", "The Foghorn Leghorn", "Kit for Cat", "Scaredy Cat", and "You Were Never Duckier". The latter cartoon was reissued in the 1954-55 season, while the others were reissued during the 1955-56 season.
Recreated titles.
For unknown reasons, two pre-1948 shorts (both 1995 "dubbed" versions) contain recreated titles under the supervision of media mogul Ted Turner. These shorts are:
Cartoons with original technical credits restored on DVD.
Many of the above cartoons have been restored for DVD release as part of the "Looney Tunes Golden Collection", "Looney Tunes Platinum Collection", "Looney Tunes Super Stars" and "Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Academy Awards Animation Collection" DVD releases. However, only a handful of cartoons that were reissued prior to the 1956-57 season have their original technical credits restored. These are:
In addition to the cartoons listed above, the following cartoons reissued after 1956-57 have had their original rings restored: 
In 1995, Turner Entertainment restored the original openings for "Hop, Look and Listen" and "Hiawatha's Rabbit Hunt".

</doc>
<doc id="20734173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734173" title="History of engineering">
History of engineering

The "concept" of engineering has existed since ancient times as humans devised fundamental inventions such as the pulley, lever, and wheel. Each of these inventions is consistent with the modern definition of engineering, exploiting basic mechanical principles to develop useful tools and objects.
The term "engineering" itself has a much more recent etymology, deriving from the word "engineer", which itself dates back to 1325,
when an "engine’er" (literally, one who operates an "engine") originally referred to “a constructor of military engines.” In this context, now obsolete, an “engine” referred to a military machine, "i. e.", a mechanical contraption used in war (for example, a catapult). The word “engine” itself is of even older origin, ultimately deriving from the Latin "ingenium" (c. 1250), meaning “innate quality, especially mental power, hence a clever invention.”
Later, as the design of civilian structures such as bridges and buildings matured as a technical discipline, the term civil engineering entered the lexicon as a way to distinguish between those specializing in the construction of such non-military projects and those involved in the older discipline of military engineering (the original meaning of the word “engineering,” now largely obsolete, with notable exceptions that have survived to the present day such as military engineering corps, "e. g.", the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers).
Ancient Era.
The Acropolis and the Parthenon in Greece, the Roman aqueducts, Via Appia and the Colosseum, the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, the Pharos of Alexandria, the pyramids in Egypt, Teotihuacán and the cities and pyramids of the Mayan, Inca and Aztec Empires, cities of the Indus Valley Civilization, the Great Wall of China, among many others, stand as a testament to the ingenuity and skill of the ancient civil and military engineers.
The earliest civil engineer known by name is Imhotep. As one of the officials of the Pharaoh, Djosèr, he probably designed and supervised the construction of the Pyramid of Djoser (a Step Pyramid) at Saqqara in Egypt around 2630-2611 BC. He may also have been responsible for the first known use of columns in architecture.
Ancient Greece developed machines in both in the civilian and military domains. The Antikythera mechanism, the earliest known model of a mechanical computer in history, and the mechanical inventions of Archimedes are examples of early mechanical engineering. Some of Archimedes' inventions as well as the Antikythera mechanism required sophisticated knowledge of differential gearing or epicyclic gearing, two key principles in machine theory that helped design the gear trains of the Industrial revolution and are still widely used today in diverse fields such as robotics and automotive engineering.
Chinese and Roman armies employed complex military machines including the Ballista and catapult. In the Middle Ages, the Trebuchet was developed.
Middle Era.
An Artuki by the name of al-Jazari built five machines to pump water for the kings of the Turkish Artuqid dynasty and their palaces. Besides over 50 ingenious mechanical devices, al-Jazari also developed and made innovations to segmental gears, mechanical controls, escapement mechanisms, clocks, robotics, and protocols for designing and manufacturing methods.
Renaissance Era.
The first electrical engineer is considered to be William Gilbert, with his 1600 publication of De Magnete, who was the originator of the term "electricity".
The first steam engine was built in 1698 by mechanical engineer Thomas Savery. The development of this device gave rise to the industrial revolution in the coming decades, allowing for the beginnings of mass production.
With the rise of engineering as a profession in the 18th century, the term became more narrowly applied to fields in which mathematics and science were applied to these ends. Similarly, in addition to military and civil engineering the fields then known as the mechanic arts became incorporated into engineering.
The following images are samples from a deck of cards illustrating engineering instruments in England in 1702. They illustrate a range of engineering specializations, that would eventually become known as civil engineering, mechanical engineering, geodesy and geomatics, and so on.
Each card includes a caption explaining the purpose of the instrument:
Modern era.
Electrical Engineering can trace its origins in the experiments of Alessandro Volta in the 19th century, the experiments of Michael Faraday, Georg Ohm and others and the invention of the electric motor in 1872. The work of James Maxwell and Heinrich Hertz in the late 19th century gave rise to the field of Electronics. The later inventions of the vacuum tube and the transistor further accelerated the development of Electronics to such an extent that electrical and electronics engineers currently outnumber their colleagues of any other Engineering specialty.
The inventions of Thomas Savery and the Scottish engineer James Watt gave rise to modern Mechanical Engineering. The development of specialized machines and their maintenance tools during the industrial revolution led to the rapid growth of Mechanical Engineering both in its birthplace Britain and abroad.
Chemical Engineering, like its counterpart Mechanical Engineering, developed in the 19th century during the Industrial Revolution. Industrial scale manufacturing demanded new materials and new processes and by 1880 the need for large scale production of chemicals was such that a new industry was created, dedicated to the development and large scale manufacturing of chemicals in new industrial plants. The role of the chemical engineer was the design of these chemical plants and processes.
Aeronautical Engineering deals with aircraft design while Aerospace Engineering is a more modern term that expands the reach envelope of the discipline by including spacecraft design. Its origins can be traced back to the aviation pioneers around the turn of the 20th century although the work of Sir George Cayley has recently been dated as being from the last decade of the 18th century. Early knowledge of aeronautical engineering was largely empirical with some concepts and skills imported from other branches of engineering. Only a decade after the successful flights by the Wright brothers, the 1920s saw extensive development of aeronautical engineering through development of World War I military aircraft. Meanwhile, research to provide fundamental background science continued by combining theoretical physics with experiments.
The first PhD in engineering (technically, "applied science and engineering") awarded in the United States went to Willard Gibbs at Yale University in 1863; it was also the second PhD awarded in science in the U.S.
In 1990, with the rise of computer technology, the first search engine was built by computer engineer Alan Emtage.

</doc>
<doc id="20734195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734195" title="Snow River">
Snow River

The Snow River is a tributary of Kenai Lake in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning in the Chugach Mountains of the Kenai Peninsula, it flows southwest through Chugach National Forest to near Primrose at the southern inlet of the lake. The river mouth is about northeast of Seward. Along its final reaches, the river intersects the Iditarod Trail and passes under the Seward Highway.
See also.
List of rivers of Alaska

</doc>
<doc id="20734203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734203" title="Anwar Hajher">
Anwar Hajher

Anwar Hajher is an Afghan American professor and filmmaker. After leaving Afghanistan during the Russian invasion, he traveled around the world and settled in the United States. In 2008 he directed "16 Days in Afghanistan" a documentary about life after the Taliban.

</doc>
<doc id="20734229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734229" title="Whites Lake, Nova Scotia">
Whites Lake, Nova Scotia

Whites Lake, (Nova Scotia) could mean the following :

</doc>
<doc id="20734238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734238" title="Sachimi Iwao">
Sachimi Iwao

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20734268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734268" title="PIER Systems">
PIER Systems

PIER Systems, Inc. is a company that develops and supports an on-demand, web-based, communications software called The PIER System. Their product is designed for information management, crisis communications, business continuity, disaster recovery, public relations, mass notification, news monitoring, press release distribution and the management of documents, contacts, inquiries, and media. Their headquarters is located in Bellingham, WA, with additional offices in the Western and Eastern regions of the United States. PIER is an acronym for Public Information Emergency Response.
PIER Systems, inc. services major oil and energy companies such as BP International, Tesoro Corporation, Shell, Marathon Oil Corporation, Enbridge, Valero Energy Corporation and Ameren; U.S. government organizations such as the U.S. Coast Guard, USDA, Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, American Red Cross, METRO of Harris County (TX) and the Atlanta-Fulton County Emergency Management Agency; educational institutes such as University of Houston, University of North Carolina, Spelman College, Agnes Scott College, and Western Washington University; and commercial companies such as Albertsons, Allstate Insurance Company, Boeing, and Darigold.
History.
PIER Systems, Inc. was formed in August, 2000 by Gerald Baron.
On June 10, 1999, the Olympic pipeline burst and poured vast amounts of gasoline into Whatcom Creek in Bellingham, WA. The gas created a massive fire that caused major forest damage and killed 3 people. Back then, Gerald Baron was a communications contractor for Equilon Enterprises (a joint venture between Texaco and Shell), which was the managing partner for the Olympic pipeline. He was responsible for communicating with the public and the press to assure them that the crisis was contained. This demanding task inspired him to create The PIER System—a single system that could streamline the communication problems that organizations face during major disasters by providing the tools they need to distribute information. Baron said “We just saw that there were better ways of solving the communication problem that would really facilitate what needed to be done." - Gerald Baron, 1999
In 2003 PIER Systems, Inc. corporation name was changed to AudienceCentral, Inc. The name was changed back to PIER Systems, Inc. in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20734275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734275" title="Gerard Murphy (Irish actor)">
Gerard Murphy (Irish actor)

Eamon Gerard Murphy (14 October 1948 – 26 August 2013) was an Irish film, television and theatre actor. Due to his imposing stature, he often portrayed villains.
Career.
Born in 1948 in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland, Murphy began his career on stage with the Glasgow Citizens Theatre. He branched out into television work with roles in "Z Cars", "Doctor Who", "Minder", "Heartbeat", "Father Ted", "Dalziel and Pascoe" and "The Bill". He narrated the BBC Radio version of Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings".
Perhaps his best-known film roles were as pirate and spy "The Nord" in "Waterworld", and as the corrupt High Court Judge Faden in "Batman Begins".
Onstage, Murphy portrayed Hector in Alan Bennett's "The History Boys", a role previously played by Richard Griffiths, in a national tour co-produced by the West Yorkshire Playhouse and Theatre Royal Bath and directed by Christopher Luscombe.
In addition, he played Salieri in a 2007 production of Amadeus directed by Nikolai Foster. Although suffering in 2012 from spinal cord compression due to prostate cancer, Murphy appeared in Glasgow Citizens Theatre's production of "Krapp's Last Tape" by Samuel Beckett.
Murphy died at the age of 64 on 26 August 2013 in Cambridge from prostate cancer, which he battled for over two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20734278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734278" title="Old Friendship United Methodist Church">
Old Friendship United Methodist Church

Old Friendship United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located in West Post Office, Worcester County, Maryland. It is a one-story, gable-front, frame building erected in 1866. It received improvements through the 1920s and reflects rural interpretations of the Italianate and Greek Revival styles. Surrounding the church is a small churchyard containing several hundred 19th and 20th century grave markers.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20734285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734285" title="Tony Grimshaw">
Tony Grimshaw

Anthony "Tony" Grimshaw (born 8 December 1957) is an English former footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Manchester. He played professionally for Manchester United – for whom he made one league appearance during the 1975–76 season
Grimshaw joined Manchester United as an apprentice in April 1974, turning professional in December of the same year. His first team debut came in the League Cup in September 1975, a 2-1 win at home to Brentford. He also made one league appearance, but after that did not feature again in the United first team. He was released at the end of the 1978-79 season and joined non-league Mossley, where he played 22 times the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="20734289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734289" title="UDR Four">
UDR Four

The UDR Four were four members of the 2nd Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment who were convicted of the murder of Adrian Carroll in 1983. Adrian Carroll was the brother of the Sinn Féin councillor Tommy Carroll.
Three of the UDR soldiers were acquitted on appeal in 1992. However a fourth, Neil Latimer, had his conviction upheld and served 14 years in prison before being released under the Good Friday Agreement. 
Latimer unsuccessfully appealed against his conviction on two further occasions, the last being in 2004. Three appeals against the same conviction were unprecedented in British legal history.
Early Day Motion (House of Commons).
On 21 October 1992 Peter Robinson moved an Early Day Motion in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom that said:
That this House urges the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland to consider a further referral to the Court of Appeal of the case of Neil Latimer; acknowledges that the recent judgement in the UDR 4 case relied heavily upon the evidence of witness A in refusing Neil Latimer's release; is now deeply concerned about the safety of that judgement in light of an affidavit signed by a Roman Catholic priest, Pat Buckley, alleging he met the women known as witness A who informed him she was not certain that Neil Latimer was the man she saw in Lonsdale Street in November 1983 and that she believed Neil Latimer is an innocent man; and seeks an investigation into claims, in the same affidavit, that witness A, her family and friends have received favours from the police in exchange for witness A not retracting her statement.

</doc>
<doc id="20734302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734302" title="Kasethan Kadavulada">
Kasethan Kadavulada

Kasethan Kadavulada ) is a Tamil language comedy film starring Muthuraman, Thengai Srinivasan, Srikanth and Lakshmi in the lead roles and Manorama and Venniradai Moorthy in supporting roles. The film was a low-budgeted film of the time and is perhaps best known for Thengai Srinivasan dressing up as a fake saint, making a lot of situational comedies along with it.
Plot.
Parvathi (Manorama) is an extremely domineering second wife to Sivaswamy (Vennira Aadai Moorthy) and controls all his money treating him with scorn and disdain. When Sivaswamy's son Ramu (Muthuraman), son of his first wife, requires a sum of Rs. 3000 for his Sister's husband, she refuses instantly. With plenty of worry, Ramu and his cousin Shekar hatch a plot with Appaswamy (Thengai Sreenivasan) who pretends to be a fake swamiji in order to get to her money safe and steal a sum of Rs. 50,000.
Meanwhile Rama (Lakshmi) is an orphan whose only friend is the doctor of a mental institution. When Rama wants a conduct certificate, the doctor bungles and hands over the certificate of a mad girl. Rama arrives at Parvathi's house to work as a secretary and Parvathi sees the certificate and decides to keep Rama at her house to humour her fearing her insanity.
The film leads to plenty of humorous situations.

</doc>
<doc id="20734341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734341" title="Leslie Lievesley">
Leslie Lievesley

Leslie Lievesley (July 1911 – 4 May 1949) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Staveley, Derbyshire. He started with Rossington Colliery before moving to Doncaster Rovers in 1929. After scoring 21 goals in 66 games, he was signed by Manchester United. He then went to Chesterfield in March 1933, spent four seasons at Torquay United and two at Crystal Palace.
Following the war he became a coach in Netherlands before he became the coach of Torino F.C. and in 1949 was one of 31 fatalities in the Superga air disaster that killed almost the entire Torino squad.
His dad Joe played for Sheffield United and Arsenal as well as the ill-fated Chesterfield Town club during the First World War, and brothers Dennis and Ernest and cousin Wilf were all professional footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="20734360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734360" title="Domingo Manrique">
Domingo Manrique

Domingo Manrique (born 24 February 1962) is a Spanish sailor, world champion and Olympic champion. 
Manrique was born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. He won a gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona (Flying Dutchman).

</doc>
<doc id="20734371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734371" title="Jack Breslin">
Jack Breslin

Jacweir "Jack" Breslin (June 23, 1920 – August 2, 1988) worked at Michigan State University, as a distinguished student leader, honored athlete, top administrator, and relentless advocate. His personification of the Spartan spirit and innovative leadership played a pivotal role in the growth and development of the nation’s first land-grant university. In 1969, Jack was one of the first administrators to initiate planning for a multi-purpose, student facility and continued to be the leading force through the conceptual design. Prints of such a design were completed in January 1970 and featured such innovations as an extra “practice gymnasium,” and a dedicated space for male and female performers. He was born in Battle Creek, Michigan and died in Lansing, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20734377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734377" title="John Meagher">
John Meagher

John Meagher may refer to:
You may be looking for

</doc>
<doc id="20734400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734400" title="Tom Manns">
Tom Manns

Thomas Manns (born January 1911 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Rotherham. He played for Manchester United, Burnley and Clapton Orient.

</doc>
<doc id="20734431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734431" title="Inge Auerbacher">
Inge Auerbacher

Inge Auerbacher (born December 31, 1934 in Kippenheim) is an American chemist of German origin. She is a survivor of the Holocaust and has published many books about her experiences in the Second World War.
Life.
Inge Auerbacher was the last Jewish child born in Kippenheim, a village in South-Western Germany located at the foot of the Black Forest, close to the borders of France and Switzerland. She was the only child of Berthold (1898–1987) and Regina Auerbacher (née Lauchheimer, 1905–1996). Both of her parents came from observant Jewish families who had lived for many generations in Germany.
On November 10, 1938, her father and grandfather were arrested and taken away during the chaos of Kristallnacht (Night of the Broken Glass) and sent to the Dachau concentration camp. Inge, her mother and her grandmother were able to hide in a shed during Kristallnacht and were not harmed. A few weeks later Inge's father and grandfather returned home, but her grandfather died shortly after in May, 1939 of a heart attack.
Inge’s father was a soldier in the German Army during World War I. He was wounded badly and consequently awarded the Iron Cross for service to his country. Inge’s father was a textile merchant and the family owned a large home in Kippenheim.
Auerbacher spent her childhood between the years 1942-1945, a total of 140,000 people were shipped to Terezin; 88,000 were sent primarily to the gas chambers in Auschwitz, and 35,000 died of malnutrition and disease in Terezin.
Of the 15,000 children imprisoned in Terezin, Inge and her parents are among the 1% that survived.
The Red Army rescued Auerbacher's family on May 8, 1945. After a short stay at Göppingen, the family immigrated to New York in May 1946.
Seven years later Auerbacher obtained US citizenship.
She graduated from Queens College and spent 38 years working as a chemist.
In 1986, Auerbacher published her first book about her childhood's memories. It was called "I am a Star".
Works.
Children of Terror with Bozenna Urbanowicz Gilbride

</doc>
<doc id="20734433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734433" title="Mar-Va Theater">
Mar-Va Theater

The Mar-Va Theater is a historic theater located in Pocomoke City, Worcester County, Maryland. It was constructed in 1927 and is a two-story, three-bay building of brick laid in stretcher bond. The interior reflects an extensive Art Deco style redecoration carried out in 1937 including narrow silver columns on either side of the stage and embellishments on the side walls. It is currently operated as a performing arts center.
One of the few remaining links to Pocomoke's past is the Mar-Va Theater. Its name is representative of its location, since the theater is located in Maryland, only a short distance from the Virginia state line. With originally 720 seats, the Mar-Va is the largest theater south of Wilmington, Delaware, which has never been altered. Once used as a vaudeville theater complete with stage facilities, dressing rooms and orchestra pits, the Mar-Va was played by many famous performers, which included some old-time cowboys such as Tom Mix, Roy Rogers, Hop-a-Long Cassidy and Smiley Burnett. Linda Lavin of the television show "Alice," David Ogden Stiers, a musician and actor well known for his role in M*A*S*H, and Scars on 45 have recently visited/performed. 
Mr. & Mrs. Frank Barlett of Berlin, MD built the Mar-Va Theater in 1927. Made from the finest materials, it has been estimated that it would probably cost around $250,000 by present economic standards.
The Mar-Va Theater is one of the few theaters on the shore to boast of a draw drape. The sidewalls have the original gold embossed paneling and the projectors, which were added around 1943, are of the carbon arc variety. The balcony was once used for segregation purposes. It had its own entrance, concession area, box office and bathroom. The seats in the balcony were considered the best in the theater.
The theater opened on December 1, 1927 with John & Lester Fox managing the theater while J. Dawson Clarke played the piano for the old silent movies. In 1949, after the death of John Fox, J. Dawson Clarke and Orville Mason bought the theater and in 1967, the ownership went to Dawson and his wife, Hattie.
When the theater originally opened, ticket prices were 10 cents. At the time of its closing in 1993, a ticket cost $3.50. Soda pop, sold in the soda parlor next door, once cost 10 cents and popcorn was always sold for 10 cents a bag.
Currently, the theater shows movies on the first and third weekends on the month and has live performances on a regular basis. Admission for movies is $5 per person and the annual Christmas play's admission is $15 per person. 2011's performance was "It's a Wonderful Life."
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20734434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734434" title="Percy Newton">
Percy Newton

Percy Newton (January 1904 – October 1993) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Whitchurch, Shropshire. He played for Manchester United, Sandbach Ramblers and Tranmere Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="20734441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734441" title="Horst Walter">
Horst Walter

Horst Walter (June 14, 1936; Pankow, Berlin – May 15, 2012; Berlin) was a contemporary German artist.
Life.
Born in Berlin during the Nazi regime, he grew up in the western part of the divided Berlin. He produced drawings and modern sculptures. In divided Berlin he protested against the Berlin Wall. After the Berlin Wall came down in 1989 he tried to remind the German public to keep parts of the Berlin Wall as a monument of memorial. To do this he started numberless performances in the so-called "No Man's Land" between the Potsdamer Platz and the Reichstag building.

</doc>
<doc id="20734468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734468" title="Hankendi">
Hankendi

Hankendi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20734491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734491" title="Raúl Ruiz Matarín">
Raúl Ruiz Matarín

Raúl Ruiz Matarín (born 25 March 1990 in Alicante, Valencian Community), known as simply Raúl, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié in Segunda División B, as a right winger.
Club career.
After reaching the club's youth system at the age of 10, Raúl was promoted to hometown Hércules CF's first team for the 2008–09 season, appearing sparingly – but scoring once – as it fell short of a La Liga promotion.
In the 2009 summer he signed with Real Madrid, being immediately relocated to its reserve side. On 1 February 2011 he was loaned out to Swedish club Halmstads BK, along with Castilla teammates Javi Hernández and José Zamora. 
In late January 2012 Raúl rescinded contract with Real Madrid, and signed until June 2013 with Albacete Balompié in the third division.
International career.
In November 2008 Raúl was summoned by the Spanish under-21 side, appearing in a friendly with Portugal in Cartaxo. He came on as a substitute for Daniel Parejo in the 80th minute of a 1–4 loss.
On 10 February 2009, also from the bench and in a friendly (he took the place of Fran Mérida at half-time), Raúl scored the third and final goal for the U19s in a 3–0 win over England, in Bournemouth.

</doc>
<doc id="20734495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734495" title="Cume da Fajã do Belo">
Cume da Fajã do Belo

Cume da Fajã do Belo is a mountain on the north of the island of São Jorge Island in the Azores and is located near Ribeira Seca.
Its geologic formation along with the geographic location that is in the north of the island is related with a mountain formation in the center of the island.
This formation is located around Pico do Brejo do Cordeiro, nearby the coast forms an embankment that is 500 m high, Fajã do Belo around the coastline between Fajã do Ouvidor, Fajã dos Tijolos and Fajã da Caldeira de Santo Cristo.
The geologic formation at 758 m makes up of pluvial escarpment along the coastline and is a volcanic and old pyroclastic origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20734501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734501" title="Ursa tension leg platform">
Ursa tension leg platform

The Ursa tension leg platform is an oil platform with a tension leg structure located at about southeast of New Orleans in the Gulf of Mexico. It is operated by Shell Oil Company. It has a total height from the seabed to its top of .
Shell Oil is the operator of the project with 45.39%. BP Exploration & Production Inc has 22.69% while Exxon Mobil Corp and ConocoPhillips each have 15.96%.
The discovery well was drilled in 1991, with Sonat's Discoverer Seven Seas drillship, on Mississippi Canyon block 854. Construction was finished in 1998.
The Ursa Tension Leg Platform was replaced as the tallest man-made structure in the world by the Magnolia Tension-leg Platform.

</doc>
<doc id="20734512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734512" title="Scott McAdams">
Scott McAdams

Scott T. McAdams (born October 10, 1970) is an Alaskan politician. He has served as a school board member and mayor of Sitka, Alaska and came in third against Joe Miller and Lisa Murkowski in the 2010 US senator's race after running for and winning the Democratic Party's nomination for the United States Senate seat held by Lisa Murkowski.
Early life and career.
McAdams was born in Orange, California. He moved to Petersburg, Alaska in 1977 at age 7 and grew up there. He left Alaska during his high school years, but came back to Petersburg, eventually settling in Sitka. McAdams graduated from Sheldon Jackson College in Sitka with a bachelor's degree in education.
McAdams went on leave without pay from his job as director of Sitka Community Schools, part of the Sitka School District, while he campaigned for the U.S. Senate seat. He began work for the school district in October 2009, after working as the supervisor of protection and visitors service at the Sheldon Jackson Museum.
Political career.
McAdams served six years on the Sitka School Board. He served as the board's president from 2005 to 2008 and served a term as the president of the Association of Alaska School Boards. McAdams was elected to a two-year term as the mayor of Sitka, Alaska in 2008. After choosing not to run again in the city election for mayor, McAdams' term ended on the 26th of October, 2010. He was succeeded by Cheryl Westover.
2010 U.S. Senate campaign.
McAdams defeated Jacob Seth Kern and Frank Vondersaar for the Democratic Senate nomination on August 24, 2010. In the general election, McAdams continued on to face the Republican nominee, former U.S. magistrate judge Joe Miller, and the incumbent, Lisa Murkowski, who launched a write-in candidacy. McAdams received 24% of the vote, to Miller's 34% and 41% to write-in candidates.
Personal life.
McAdams is married to Romee McAdams. Their three children are Kaity, Chloe and Gavin. Scott McAdams is adopted into the Tlingit Daḵl'aweidí clan.

</doc>
<doc id="20734531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734531" title="James Pugh (footballer)">
James Pugh (footballer)

James Pugh (born July 1891, date of death unknown) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Hereford, Herefordshire. He played for Manchester United, Clapton Orient, Coventry City, Luton Town, Brighton & Hove Albion, Hereford United, Bridgend Town, Abertillery and Wrexham.

</doc>
<doc id="20734567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734567" title="Maxwell Armfield">
Maxwell Armfield

Maxwell Ashby Armfield (October 5, 1881 – January 23, 1972) was an English artist, illustrator and writer.
Life.
Born to a Quaker family in Ringwood, Hampshire, Armfield was educated at Sidcot School and at Leighton Park School. In 1887 he was admitted to Birmingham School of Art, then under the headmastership of Edward R. Taylor and established as a major centre of the Arts and Crafts Movement. There he studied under Henry Payne and Arthur Gaskin and, outside the school, received instruction in tempera painting from Joseph Southall at Southall's studio in Edgbaston.
He was later to recall:
Leaving Birmingham in 1902, he moved to Paris to study at the Académie de la Grande Chaumière under Gustave Courtois and René Menard, where he became an associate of Gaston Lachaise, Keith Henderson, and Norman Wilkinson. He exhibited at the Paris Salon in 1904, where his painting "Faustine" was bought by the French State and donated to the Musée du Luxembourg, and is now in the Musée d'Orsay, Paris.
In 1909 he married the author and playwright Constance Smedley and, like many with connections to the Arts and Crafts Movement in Birmingham, settled in the Cotswolds. In 1911, they both appear on the census of that year as resident in Minchinhampton (Gloucestershire). The couple became close collaborators: working together to combine design, illustration, text and theatre. Armfield's wife also influenced him to become a pacifist and Christian Scientist.
From 1915 the couple spent seven years in the United States.
In 1946 Armfield released the book 'Tempera Painting Today', published by Pentagon Press LTD. 
A detail from Armfield's painting "Self-Portrait" (1901; Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery), was used as the cover illustration of the Oxford World's Classics 2006 edition of "The Picture of Dorian Gray".
Armfield has paintings in the collection of several British institutions including Derby Art Gallery, Southampton and Nottingham Gallery and the Russell-Cotes Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="20734571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734571" title="John Roach (footballer)">
John Roach (footballer)

John E. Roach (born "unknown" - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He played for Manchester United, FC Sète, and Accrington Stanley.

</doc>
<doc id="20734575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734575" title="Enur (group)">
Enur (group)

Enur is a Danish dance group consisting of DJ Rune RK and Johannes Torpe.
History.
Enur is composed of Copenhagen-based dance producer and DJ Rune RK and his brother Johannes Torpe. Enur scored a major club hit in 2007 with a fresh version of a year-old Rune track titled "Calabria", featuring reggae vocalist and fellow Dane Natasja Saad. Enur's "Calabria 2007" went to No. 29 on the European Hot 100 singles chart and, most recently, crossed to American shores via New York dance label Ultra Records. They are currently readying for the release of their full length album on Ultra Records.
Success with "Calabria".
"Calabria 2007" as it is now known, has charted on the Billboard Hot 100 and gained support from mainstream and rhythmic top 40, dance and Latin radio. The track peaked at #9 in France, #3 in Canada, 3# in Portugal, and #17 on the Billboard Hot 100 The song was also featured in a commercial for the Target Corporation ([http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOUl6pzQBtI]).
"Raggatronic".
Enur released "Raggatronic" on September 9, 2008, featuring guest artists such as Nicki Minaj, Beenie Man, Natasja Saad, Greg Nice, Majid, Natalie Storm, and Chopper City Boyz. According to Billboard Magazine, the Caribbean, soul and electronic influences featured in "Calabria" are prominently featured on the album.
While discussing "Raggatronic", Rune said, “I think America needs something fresh like that, and then also a lot of people – just the sound is such a mixture of influences. I think it appeals to a lot of different characters, and I think that's an advantage of coming from Europe and not having to pigeonhole into some sort of genre.” 

</doc>
<doc id="20734576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734576" title="Child Marriage Restraint Act">
Child Marriage Restraint Act

Child Marriage Restraint Act 1929 popularly known as the Sarda Act after its sponsor Rai Sahib Harbilas Sarda to the British India Legislature in India was passed on 28 September 1929, fixed the age of marriage for girls at 18 years and boys at 21 years. It came into effect six months later on April 1, 1930 and it applies to all of British India, not just to Hindus. It was a result of social reform movement in India. The legislation was passed by the British Indian Government.
Significance.
It was the first social reform issue which was taken up by the organized women in India. They played a major role in the development of argument and actively used the device of political petition and in the process contributed in the field of politics.
The various organized women associations got the opportunity of playing independent political role when the cautious British India government, under the pressure of the world opinion, the social reformist in India and Nationalist freedom fighters, referred the Sharda's Bill (Hindu Child Marriage Bill) to a select committee of ten headed by Sir Moropant Visavanath Joshi. The All India Women's Conference, Women's India Association and National Council of Women in India, through their members developed and articulated the argument in favour of raising of the age for marriage and consent before the Joshi Committee. 
Even the Muslim women represented to the Joshi Committee. The Muslim women presented their views in favour of raising the age limit of marriage even when they knew that they would face opposition from Muslim Ulemas. Pro-reform politicians, such as Motilal Nehru, were caught off guard when the organized women's association met with leaders to ask for their support in the bill. The all-India women's association pressured politicians for their support in the bill, standing outside their delegations holding placards and shouting slogans such as 'if you oppose Sarda's bill, the world will laugh at you'. 
It was also this group who pushed for, and eventually succeeded in having Gandhi address the evils of child marriage in his speeches. Victory for the bill can be credited to the women's association, who presented the act as a means for India to demonstrate it's commitment to modernity. Women in India were now challenging the double standards set in place by ancient "shastras". Declaring they would begin to make their own laws, free of male influence, the women's organization brought liberal feminism to a forefront. 
Although this is a victory for the women's movement in India, the act itself was a complete failure. In the two years and five months it was an active bill, there were 473 prosecutions, of which only 167 were successful. The list goes on with 207 acquittals, with 98 cases still pending during August 1932. Out of the 167 successful prosecutions, only 17 or so did either all of or part of their sentence. The majority of cases were in Punjab and the United Provinces. 
A 1931 census was available to the public during the summer of 1933 in order to give a status report of how the bill was doing: the number of wives under fifteen had increased from 8.5 million to 12 million, but the number of husbands under the age of fifteen had gone from 3 to more than 5 million. The number of wives under the age of five had quadrupled (originally the numbers were about 218,500, which then shot up to 802,200). The percentage of widowed children had decreased from about 400,000 to about 320,000. Though these numbers are startling, during the six months between when it was passed and when it became an active bill, it's suggested that only about three million girls and two million boys were forced into a child marriage; the largest percent of these marriages were between Muslim children. The bill's census report, however, shows that the law reached and affected the masses, even if the numbers are very slight.
However, the Act remained a dead letter during the colonial period of British rule in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20734596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734596" title="BC Biomedical Laboratories Ltd.">
BC Biomedical Laboratories Ltd.

BC Biomedical Laboratories, Ltd is a physician-owned and operated laboratory in British Columbia, Canada. The company accredited with the Diagnostic Accreditation Program of the BC College of Physicians and Surgeons and is also an accredited laboratory with the College of American Pathologists.
History.
The company was founded in 1958 by Burnaby pathologist Dr. Cam Coady to provide diagnostic testing services to hospitals in the Vancouver area. It is now owned and operated by Dr. C.J. Coady Associates, a group of approximately 40 pathologists.
Facts.
BC Biomedical has more than 750 employees and serves up to 8000 patients per day. It provides mobile lab services without extra charge and uses electronic reporting to physicians. BC Biomedical has been on the Aon Hewitt 50 Best Employers in Canada for the last ten years- three years in the number one position.

</doc>
<doc id="20734598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734598" title="Short story cycle">
Short story cycle

A short story cycle (sometimes referred to as a story sequence or composite novel) is a collection of short stories in which the narratives are specifically composed and arranged with the goal of creating an enhanced or different experience when reading the group as a whole as opposed to its individual parts. Short story cycles are different from novels because the parts that would make up the chapters can all stand alone as a short story, each individually containing a beginning, middle and conclusion. When read as a group there is a tension created between the ideas of the individual stories, often showing changes that have occurred over time or highlighting the conflict between two opposing concepts or thoughts. Because of this dynamic, the stories need to have an awareness of what the other stories accomplish; therefore, cycles are usually written with the expressed purpose to create a cycle as opposed to being gathered and arranged later.
Definitional debates.
Scholars have pointed out that there is a wide range of possibilities that fall between simple collections and novels in their most-commonly understood form. One question is how well the stories stand up individually: chapters of a novel usually cannot stand alone, whereas stories in collections are meant to be fully independent. But many books have combined stories in such a way that the stories have varying degrees of interdependence, and it is these variations that cause problems in definition. Maggie Dunn and Ann Morris, for instance, claim that the stories in a "story cycle" are more independent than those in a "composite novel", and James Nagel points out that both "cycle" and "sequence" are misleading, since "cycle" implies circularity and "sequence" implies temporal linearity, neither of which he finds to be essential to most such collections. Rolf Lundén has suggested four types of cycles, in order of decreasing unity: the "cycle", in which the ending resolves the conflicts brought up at the beginning (e.g., "The Bridge of San Luis Rey"); the "sequence", in which each story is linked to the ones before it but without a cumulative story that ties everything together (e.g., "The Unvanquished"); the "cluster", in which the links between stories are not always made obvious and in which the discontinuity between them is more significant than their unity (e.g., "Go Down, Moses"); and the "novella", in the classical sense of a collection of unrelated stories brought together by a frame story and a narrator(s) (e.g., "Winesburg, Ohio").examples are Lundén's
History.
In their study of the genre, Maggie Dunn and Ann Morris note that the form descends from two different traditions: There are texts that are themselves assembled from other texts, such as the way the tales from the Arthurian cycle is compiled in books by Chretien de Troyes, Wolfram von Eschenbach, Thomas Malory and the "Mabinogion". Then there are the classic serialized novellas, many of them with frame stories; this genre includes "One Thousand and One Nights", "The Decameron", "The Canterbury Tales", etc. Dunn and Morris show how in the nineteenth century, the genre appeared in such forms as the village sketch collection (e.g., "Our Village") and the patchwork collection (e.g., Louisa May Alcott's "Aunt Jo's Scrap-Bag").
J. Gerald Kennedy describes the proliferation of the genre in the twentieth century, attributing it in part to the desire "to renounce the organizing authority of an omniscient narrator, asserting instead a variety of voices or perspectives reflective of the radical subjectivity of modern experience. Kennedy finds this proliferation in keeping with modernism and its use of fragmentation, juxtaposition and simultaneism to reflect what the "multiplicity" that characterizes the century. Scholars such as James Nagel and Rocío G. Davis have pointed out that the story cycle has been very popular among ethnic U.S. authors. Davis argues that ethnic writers find the format useful "as a metaphor for the fragmentation and multiplicity of ethnic lives" insofar as it highights "the subjectivity of experience and understanding" by allowing "multiple impressionistic perspectives and fragmentation of simple linear history".
Structure.
Dunn and Morris list several methods that authors use to provide unity to the collection as a whole (the examples are theirs):

</doc>
<doc id="20734599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734599" title="Believe/Kumorinochi, Kaisei">
Believe/Kumorinochi, Kaisei

Single information.
"Believe" is the group's first single to have two music videos: a live action and an animated version. The animated video was released on Dwango by animation studio Tatsunoko and the group's record label J Storm. It was later re-released as a bonus in the group's 10th anniversary DVD "5x10 All the Best! Clips 1999-2009" on October 28, 2009. In the animated video, the members transformed into characters from Tatsunoko's "" anime series. The live action is included in one of the limited editions of the single.
For "Kumorinochi, Kaisei", Ohno sang the track solo and released it under his drama character's name, . The song was also named "Best Theme Song" in the 60th Television Drama Academy Awards.
Chart performance.
In the first half of the year Oricon ranking, "Believe/Kumorinochi, Kaisei" had sold more than 646,000 copies, surpassing the final sales numbers of "Truth/Kaze no Mukō e" in 2008. It sold 501,988 copies during its first week, making it the first single to break half a million in its opening week since KAT-TUN's debut release, "Real Face", of 754,000 in April 2006. The single had the highest first week sales of 2009 until it was topped by the group's next single, "Ashita no Kioku/Crazy Moon (Kimi wa Muteki)".
The single is certified Double Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan. On December 18, 2009, Oricon declared "Believe/Kumorinochi, Kaisei" to be the best-selling single of 2009 in Japan by selling a total of 656,676 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20734613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734613" title="Pocomoke City Historic District">
Pocomoke City Historic District

The Pocomoke City Historic District is a national historic district in Pocomoke City, Worcester County, Maryland. The historic district includes the central business district (CBD) and surrounding residential area of Pocomoke City. The CBD is defined by an important collection of late-19th century and early-20th century commercial and public architecture. It includes a significant array of Victorian, Colonial Revival, and Beaux-Arts influenced structures. The majority of the housing dates from 1870 to 1940. It is an example of a type of prosperous river town that characterized the region during the period, which retains an exceptional collection of 19th and 20th century building forms.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20734631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734631" title="Simon Ifede Ogouma">
Simon Ifede Ogouma

Simon Ifede Ogouma is a Beninese politician. He was the foreign minister of Benin from 1980 to 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20734634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734634" title="Jesse B. Thomas, Jr.">
Jesse B. Thomas, Jr.

Jesse Burgess Thomas, Jr. (July 31, 1806-February 21, 1850) was born in Lebanon, Ohio and was an Illinois politician who served as the Illinois Attorney General from 1835–1836 and later on the state Supreme Court.
After studying law at Transylvania University in Lexington, Kentucky, Thomas settled in Edwardsville, Illinois. By 1830, Thomas was serving as the secretary to the Illinois State Senate. Four years later, he served a partial term in the Illinois House of Representatives for Madison County before being appointed Attorney General, a post he held for a single year.
From 1837 through 1839, he was a circuit court judge based in Springfield. His circuit included New Salem, where Thomas heard cases argued by Abraham Lincoln. When Stephen A. Douglas gave up his seat on the Illinois Supreme Court in 1843 after being elected to Congress, Governor Thomas Ford appointed Thomas as Douglas's successor. After retiring from the Supreme Court in 1848, he moved first to Galena and then to Chicago, where he died in 1850.
Thomas's uncle was Jesse B. Thomas, one of Illinois' first Senators. Thomas was married to one of the daughters of Illinois Supreme Court Justice Theophilus W. Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="20734666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734666" title="Earthsblood">
Earthsblood

Earthsblood is the fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band God Forbid. It was released in 2009, on February 16 in Europe and February 24 in North America, through Century Media Records. The album was produced by Eric Rachel with Christian Olde Wolbers handling all vocal tracking. The mixing was by Jens Bogren, and the artwork was by Gustavo Sazes. This is the last God Forbid album with rhythm guitarist Dallas Coyle. The song "Empire of the Gun" is a downloadable track for the video game"Rock Band".
The album sold around 5,400 copies in its first week of release to reach No. 110 on The Billboard 200 chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20734672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734672" title="Troed y Rhiw">
Troed y Rhiw

Troed y Rhiw ("foot of the hill" in English) is a hamlet in Ceredigion approximately midway between Cribyn and Dihewyd in the rolling agricultural land between Lampeter and Aberaeron. It lies between the land-holdings of Pont Marchog farm and Pen Bryn farm
In the 19th century it boasted a Chapel, a shop and post office and a pub together with several cottages scattered around the road junction on which the hamlet sits. During the early 20th century the Pub disappeared and is only marked by its ruins in a small copse. The shop and post-office were lost in the early 1970s which probably marked the time of least population . Subsequent to that new development behind the old shop and on the field below Pen Bryn Farm has substantially increased the size of the settlement.
The elegant early 19th century chapel remains in occasional use.

</doc>
<doc id="20734676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734676" title="Tiamiou Adjibadé">
Tiamiou Adjibadé

Tiamiou Adjibadé (1937 – 2006) was a Beninese politician. He was the foreign minister of Benin from 1982 to 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20734686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734686" title="Guri Hjeltnes">
Guri Hjeltnes

Guri Hjeltnes (born 23 October 1953) is a Norwegian journalist and historian. Having mainly researched Norwegian World War II history during her career, she is a professor of journalism at the BI Norwegian Business School since 2004. She has also spent considerable time as a journalist and commentator, currently in "Verdens Gang".
Career.
Guri Hjeltnes was born in Stavanger. She worked as a journalist in "Arbeiderbladet" from 1979 to 1985, and has also worked for other newspapers on a freelance basis. From the mid-1980s she concentrated mainly on research, although she worked part-time for "Verdens Gang" from 1991 as a book reviewer. She was a research fellow at the Norwegian Institute for Defence Studies from 1999 to 2004, including a stint as visiting scholar at Yale University from 2000 to 2002. In 2002 she also took the dr.philos. degree.
In 2004 she was hired in "Verdens Gang" on a full-time basis, but after a few months she left to become a professor of journalism at the BI Norwegian Business School. She is also vice rector there, and still works as a commentator in "Verdens Gang".
The bulk of her authorship pertains to Norwegian World War II history. Her first major work was "Den norske nasjonalsosialismen", published in 1982 together with Hans Fredrik Dahl and Bernt Hagtvet. In 1984 she published "Hver fredag foran porten" together with Wanda Heger. For this they were awarded the Gyldendal Documentary Prize. Hjeltnes then published "Hverdagsliv", volume five of "Norge i krig" (1986) and then "Avisoppgjøret etter 1945" (1990), examining the role of Norwegian newspapers during and after the German occupation of Norway. Her next major work were volume three and four of "Handelsflåten i krig 1939–45": "Sjømann — lang vakt" (1995) and "Krigsseiler — Krig, hjemkomst og opprør" (1997). In 2000 Hjeltnes and Berit Nøkleby wrote "Barn under krigen". Hjeltnes also contributed to the "Norsk krigsleksikon 1940–45", an encyclopedia published in 1995. In 2003 she was among the writers of "3 uker i desember: en kritisk gjennomgang av medienes rolle i den såkalte Tønne-saken", a critical overview on the role of the media in connection to the death of politician Tore Tønne. After her appointment at the BI Norwegian Business School, she has taken more interest in media studies, including topics such as media convergence.
Hjeltnes is a member of the board of the Fritt Ord Foundation, and has chaired the SKUP Foundation.
Personal life.
Hjeltnes is married to Bernt Hagtvet, the political scientist.

</doc>
<doc id="20734689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734689" title="Max Gold">
Max Gold

Max Gold (born Vienna, Austria; died Tehran, Iran) was an early twentieth century Austrian football (soccer) right full back who played professionally in Austria and the United States. He also earned two caps with the Austrian national team in 1922.
Player.
Club career.
Gold began his career with Wiener AF, gaining entry into the first team during the 1919-1920 season. He won the 1922 Austrian Cup with Wiener. In the fall of 1922, Gold transferred to Hakoah Vienna. In the summer of 1924 he played for Makkabi Tallinn in Estonia. He was back with Hakoah in the fall and won the 1924-1925 league title with them. In 1927, Gold moved to the New York Giants of the American Soccer League following a Hakoah Vienna tour of the United States. In 1928, the owner of the Giants, Charles Stoneham, instrumental in kicking off the “Soccer Wars” which resulted in FIFA declaring the ASL and Giants “outlaws”. Gold returned to Austria and spent the 1928-1929 season with Wiener AC. By 1929, the Soccer Wars had been resolved and in August 1929, he moved back to the ASL to play for the Hakoah All-Stars. An injury suffered during the season led to the end of his playing career.
National team.
In 1922, Gold earned two caps with the Austrian national team. The first was a 1-1 tie with Hungary followed by a 7-1 victory over Switzerland.
Coach.
Following his retirement from playing, Gold embarked on a career as team owner and manager. He had briefly coached Makkabi Kaunas in Estonia during the summer 1925. He now became the owner and manager of Maccabi Chicago and later coached in Luxembourg and Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20734694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734694" title="Michael Aikman (rower)">
Michael Aikman (rower)

Alexander Michael Hirst Aikman (9 September 1933 – 16 February 2005) was an Australian rower, an Olympic medal winner at Melbourne 1956.
In 1956 he was the bowman of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.
Following his college and rowing days, Aikman held a career in academia. From 1966 until 1973 he was headmaster at The Scots School in Bathurst, New South Wales, followed by a headmaster appointment at Haileybury, Melbourne.
In 2010 he was inducted as a member of the Rowing Victoria Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20734721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734721" title="Puntaru">
Puntaru

Puntaru is a village on Pantar Island in the Alor Regency in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia. Puntaru has a population of approximately 600 and is the administrative seat of Desa Tude. The traditional language of Puntaru is Western Pantar, though all adult residents also speak Indonesian.
An elementary school and a regional junior high school are located in Puntaru. 
The economy centers around subsistence farming of dry-land rice and other cereal crops. 

</doc>
<doc id="20734723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734723" title="Pico do Brejo do Cordeiro">
Pico do Brejo do Cordeiro

Pico do Brejo do Cordeiro is a peak on the island of São Jorge in the Azores.
It is located around the area of Norte Pequeno and is intimidatedly related with a peak mountain in the centre of the island. Its elevation is 739 m above sea level and is made up of a pluvial escarpment by the sea. It geological formation are volcanic and pyroclastic origin and is very old.

</doc>
<doc id="20734749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734749" title="Frédéric Affo">
Frédéric Affo

Frédéric Assogba Affo (1943—2011) is a Beninese politician. He was the foreign minister of Benin from 1984 to 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20734755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734755" title="Cutfather">
Cutfather

Cutfather (born Mich Hedin Hansen; 9 April 1968) is a Danish music producer, songwriter, remixer, DJ.
Career.
He is perhaps best known for his remix of "Return of the Mack" by Mark Morrison (1996), and the song "Superstar" released internationally by Jamelia in 2003.
He has worked with Danish producer Jonas Jeberg. They have written and produced for Pussycat Dolls, Kylie Minogue and Jordin Sparks. He has previously worked with Joe Belmaati in the songwriting and production team Cutfather & Joe. As part of the latter partnership he produced for Peter Andre, Ace of Base and Kylie Minogue. In 2003 he received the prestigious Ivor Novello award for Best Performing song for "Superstar" by Jamelia, which was the most played song in the United Kingdom that year.
According to his own website he is credited with seven number one singles and 37 top 10 singles in the UK and four top 10 singles in the U.S. Other artists Cutfather has produced or remixed music for include The Corrs, Brandy, Santana, Shayne Ward, Blue, Christina Aguilera, Angie Stone and most recent Pixie Lott.
He owns a studio in Njalsgadepakhusene at Islands Brygge in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Other appearances.
On September 24, 2010, it was announced that Cutfather would replace Soulshock in season four of X Factor in Denmark. He joined returning judge Pernille Rosendahl and Thomas Blachman, who replaced Remee. Cutfather returned for season five in 2012. Cutfather did not return for the sixth season in 2013 and was replaced by Anne Linnet.
Top ten singles.
The following singles peaked inside the top ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and/or the UK Singles Chart.
Selective songwriting and production discography.
The following songs are written and/or produced by Cutfather.

</doc>
<doc id="20734761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734761" title="Manuel Bonnet">
Manuel Bonnet

Manuel Bonnet is a French author and an award-winning actor who primarily appears in French cinema and television.
Career.
He studied at the Conservatoire national supérieur d'art dramatique in Paris from 1970–73 and has had many roles and cameo parts in film and TV over more than 30 years, mostly in France.
Bonnet made a guest appearance on "" as Cavalry Captain in an episode titled "Unholy Alliance: Part 2" and also the French foreign subtitled film "Les Fautes d'orthographe". He also appeared in "Thomas the Falconer" alongside actors and actresses like Brano Holicek, Juraj Kukura, Jiri Langmajer and Jaroslav Zvasta.
A direct descendant of the photographic pioneer Nicéphore Niépce, Manuel Bonnet was the co-writer, with Jean-Louis Marignier of the book “Niépce, correspondance et papiers”, published by Maison Nicéphore Niépce in 2003, and the initiator of the celebrations in 2007 of the bicentennial of the invention of the Pyreolophore, an early internal combustion engine designed by the Niépce brothers.
In the course of research made by the Swedish filmmaker Vilgot Sjöman on Alfred Nobel, the study by Manuel Bonnet of Nobel’s French associate, Paul Barbe, found recognition through the creation of files bearing his name in the archives of the Nobel institute in Stockholm.
He has also contributed to the book by Max Lavigne entitled : "Chantecoq, De la Cité Royale à la Commune républicaine" in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20734767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734767" title="Pancha Ganapati">
Pancha Ganapati

Pancha Ganapati is a modern five-day Hindu festival celebrated from December 21 through 25 in honor of Lord Ganesha, Patron of Arts and Guardian of Culture. The festival was created in 1985 as a Hindu alternative to December holidays like Christmas by Sivaya Subramuniyaswami (born Robert Hansen), a Western convert to Hinduism who founded the magazine Hinduism Today and the Saiva Siddhanta Church, headquartered in Hawaii; the festival is uncommon among traditional South Asian Hindus.
During each of the five days of Pancha Ganapati, the entire family focus on a special spiritual discipline, or, "sadhana." Because of the festival’s importance as a new beginning and mending of all past mistakes, a shrine is created in the main living room of the home and decorated in the spirit of this festive occasion. At the center is placed a large wooden or bronze five-faced statue of Lord Pancha Ganapati. If this is not available, any large picture or statue of Lord Ganesha will do. Lord Ganesha is often depicted as coming from the forest; therefore, pine boughs (or banana leaves) may be used. Flashing lights, tinsel and colorful hanging ornaments may also be added. Each morning the children dress or decorate Ganesha in a different color: golden yellow on December 21, then royal blue, ruby red, emerald green and finally brilliant orange. These are the colors of His five powers, or "shaktis".
Each day a tray of sweets, fruits and incense is offered to Lord Ganapati, often prepared and presented by the children. Chants, songs and "bhajanas" are sung in His praise. After puja, the abundant, diverse sweets are shared by one and all as prasada. Each day gifts are given to the children, who place them before Pancha Ganapati to open only on the fifth day. Gifts need not be extravagant or expensive; they should be within the means of each family. Ganesha does not want gift-giving to promote Western commercialism but to further the great Hindu culture. Greeting cards, ideally made by the children, offer Hindu art and wisdom, such as verses from the Vedas.
December 21 (Golden Yellow).
The family sadhana for the first day of Pancha Ganapati is to create a vibration of love and harmony among immediate family members. The day begins early, and the entire family works together to design and decorate the shrine with traditional symbols, rangoli, lamps and more. Then a grand puja is performed invoking the spirit of Pancha Ganapati in the home. The sadhana of the day now begins. The family sits together for the purpose of easing any strained relationships that have arisen during the year. They make amends one with another for misdeeds performed, insults given, mental pain and injuries caused and suffered. When forgiveness is offered to all by one and all, they speak of each other’s good qualities and resolve that in the days ahead they will remember the futility of trying to change others and the practicality changing one’s self to be the silent example for all to witness. Gifts are then exchanged and placed unopened before Pancha Ganapati.As the family writes on the doorstep, they pray for well being in the house.
December 22 (Royal Blue).
Day two is devoted to creating a vibration of love and harmony among neighbors, relatives and close friends and presenting them with heartfelt gifts. The sadhana of the day is to offer apologies and clear up any misunderstandings that exist. Relatives and friends in far-off places are written to or called, forgiveness is sought, apologies made and tensions released. Gifts received are placed unopened before Pancha Ganapati.
December 23 (Ruby Red).
The sadhana for the third day is to create a vibration of love and harmony among business associates, the casual merchant and the public at large. This is the day for presenting gifts to fellow workers and customers and to honor employers and employees with gifts and appreciation. The sadhana today is the settling of all debts and disputes. Gifts received are placed unopened before the Deity.
December 24 (Emerald Green).
The sadhana of day four is to draw forth the vibration of joy and harmony that comes from music, art, drama and the dance. Family, relatives and friends gather for satsang to share and enjoy their artistic gifts. Then all sit together before Ganesha, Patron of Arts and Guardian of Culture, discussing Hindu dharma and making plans to bring more cultural refinements into the home. More gifts are placed before Pancha Ganapati.
December 25 (Brilliant Orange).
The family sadhana for the final day is to bring forth love and harmony within all three worlds. Because of sadhanas well performed during the first four days, the family is now more open and aware of Ganesha’s grace, and their love for Him is now overflowing. On this day the entire family experiences an outpouring of love and tranquility from the great God Himself. His blessings fill the home and the hearts of everyone within it, inspiring them anew for the coming year.

</doc>
<doc id="20734773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734773" title="Victor Feddersen">
Victor Feddersen

Victor Feddersen (born 31 January 1968) is a Danish competition rower, Olympic champion and world record holder.
Feddersen won a gold medal in "Lightweight coxless fours", at the 1996 Summer Olympics . He was member of the team that set a world record in 1999, with the time 5:45.60 (on 2000 metres).

</doc>
<doc id="20734776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734776" title="Barber Violin Concerto">
Barber Violin Concerto

The Barber Violin Concerto is a ballet made by New York City Ballet ballet master in chief Peter Martins to
Samuel Barber's "Violin concerto", opus 14, 1941. The premiere was conducted by Robert Irving and took place on May 12, 1988 at the New York State Theater, as part of City Ballet's American Music Festival, with lighting by Jennifer Tipton and costumes by William Ivey Long. Two couples, one pair classical dancers, the other modern, all dressed in white, perform a series of mix-and-match pas de deux, the classical dancers in point shoes and ballet slippers, the modern dancers typically barefoot and the man bare chested.

</doc>
<doc id="20734778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734778" title="Berlin Commercial District">
Berlin Commercial District

The Berlin Commercial District is an historic district in Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland. It consists of a collection of approximately 47 late-19th century commercial buildings. They are small-scaled, one- to three-story buildings that occupy both sides of the main thoroughfare and its secondary arterials. The buildings form a visually cohesive and pleasing streetscape, the majority of which are constructed in the row fashion with party or common walls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20734779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734779" title="Minnesota District Courts">
Minnesota District Courts

The Minnesota District Courts are the state trial courts of general jurisdiction in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
The Minnesota Constitution provides that the district court has original jurisdiction in civil and criminal cases and such appellate jurisdiction as may be prescribed by law.
Each district has three or more judges, who are elected by the voters of the district in nonpartisan judicial elections to six-year terms. Candidates file for a specific judgeship by seat number. Vacancies are filled by appointment of the governor. Chief judge and assistant chief judge of each district are elected from judges of that district to exercise general administrative authority over the courts of the district. The salary is $127,797 for chief judges and $121,712 for judges. The chief justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court has the power to assign judges from one district to serve in another. 
The district courts are divided into ten judicial districts, each covering one or more of Minnesota's 87 counties:
Notable judges.
The following is a list of judges who have presided over district courts:

</doc>
<doc id="20734782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734782" title="Desmoxytes">
Desmoxytes

Desmoxytes, whose species are commonly known as the dragon millipedes, is a genus of millipede found in southeast Asia. The genus was described by Ralph Vary Chamberlin in 1923 and reviewed by Sergei Golovatch and Henrik Enghoff in 1994. At least twenty-four species are known from southeastern China to Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam. One species, "D. planata", has also been observed in Sri Lanka, the Andaman Islands, Seychelles, Java, Great Coco Island, and Fiji; however, this species has expanded its range by being transported through human activity. Several species have only recently been discovered and some have yet to be officially described. 
Generally, species in this genus are striking in coloration and spiny. This genus is unique for its sculptured, ornamented dorsums, and elaborate paranota. The maximum length for a species in this genus is around 3 centimeters (1.2 in). Species in this genus also have the ability to produce hydrogen cyanide to ward off predators, which can give the dragon millipedes an almondlike smell.
Species.
Other than "D. planata", each species of dragon millipede is known primarily from only one or a few locations in their country of origin. Additionally, there is one species from Australia, "Desmoxytoides hasenpuschorum", which is extremely similar to "Desmoxytes" but has been split into its own monotypic genus; there is speculation, even by the genus authority for "Desmoxytoides", that this split is not necessary. Five species of "Desmoxytes", including "D. aspera", "D. cervaria", "D. draco", "D. pilosa", and "D. spectabilis", were originally placed in the separate genus "Hylomus" before it was lumped into "Desmoxytes".

</doc>
<doc id="20734801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734801" title="3 Cassiopeiae">
3 Cassiopeiae

3 Cassiopeiae (3 Cas) is a hypothetical star in the Cassiopeia constellation catalogued by English astronomer John Flamsteed. It bears no identity with actual stars observed today. Unlike 34 Tauri, which was the planet Uranus, 3 Cas was not reconciled by later knowledge.
Identity as Cassiopeia A supernova.
3 Cas. was initially thought to be erroneous and indeed in 1875, Baily's catalogue derived from Flamsteed's utterly omits 3 Cas. This was the prevalent opinion until radioastronomy. Cassiopeia A, the brightest radio source in the constellation, is within ten minutes of arc of Flamsteed's position for 3 Cas. Study of Cas. A has shown it to be approximately 300 years old, meaning that Flamsteed may have observed the supernova. Dimmed by intervening dust and gas (the plane of the Milky Way runs through Cassiopeia), the supernova would have appeared at about magnitude six, tying in nicely with Flamsteed's observation of 3 Cas.
Identity as erroneous data.
Caroline Herschel noted that a star in the vicinity of τ Cas, SAO 35386, fitted well with 3 Cas if a common error in sextant readings was made.

</doc>
<doc id="20734806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734806" title="David Boykett">
David Boykett

David Herbert Boykett (born 19 August 1934) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
His senior rowing was with the Mercantile Rowing Club in Melbourne where he was later Club President from 1993-1997.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event in Melbourne. Eight years later he finished eighth with the Australian boat in the eights competition at Tokyo 1964.
In 2010 was inducted as a member of the Rowing Victoria Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20734811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734811" title="Bernardino Fungai">
Bernardino Fungai

Bernardino Fungai (1460–1516) was an Italian painter.
Fungai is thought to have studied under local painters in his native city of Siena, despite very little being known of his career. His paintings evince an influence from local Sienese painters and also Pietro Perugino. In 1482, he worked on frescoes for the cupola in the Siena Cathedral. Fungai was commissioned in 1494 to decorate ceremonial banners with azure and gold. He also created an altarpiece in 1512 for a Sienese church.

</doc>
<doc id="20734824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734824" title="Robert Roberts (footballer born 1892)">
Robert Roberts (footballer born 1892)

Robert H. A. Roberts (born 1892, date of death unknown) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Earlestown, Lancashire. He played for Manchester United and Altrincham.

</doc>
<doc id="20734830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734830" title="Kerenka">
Kerenka

Kerenka () was an informal name of banknotes issued by the Russian Provisional Government in 1917, named so after the chairman Alexander Kerensky. They were also issued by the Gosbank of the Soviet Russia during 1917-1919 from the same plates until the introduction of "sovznaks".

</doc>
<doc id="20734847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734847" title="Robert Turner (footballer)">
Robert Turner (footballer)

Robert Turner (1877 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full-back. He was born in Manchester. He played for Manchester United, Red Rock, Gravesend United, and Brighton United.

</doc>
<doc id="20734849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734849" title="Thomas Poulsen">
Thomas Poulsen

Thomas Poulsen (born 16 February 1970) is a Danish competition rower, Olympic champion and world record holder.
Poulsen won a gold medal in "Lightweight coxless fours", at the 1996 Summer Olympics . He was member of the team that set a world record in 1999, with the time 5:45.60 (for 2000 metres).

</doc>
<doc id="20734871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734871" title="Dalpatram">
Dalpatram

Dalpatram (Gujarati: દલપતરામ) (1820–1898) was a Gujarati language poet during 19th century in India. He was the father of Nanalal Dalpatram Kavi, a poet.
Career.
Dalpatram, who knew no English, was a Sanskrit scholar and poet. Dalpatram taught Gujarati language to Alexander Kinloch Forbes, a British colonial administrator to Ahmedabad. Gujarati was considered at the bottom of language hierarchy during those times. So he preferred to write his poems in Brijbhasha instead of Gujarati, his mother tongue. Forbes encouraged him to write in Gujarati. They became close friends. He inspired Dalpatram to write "Laxmi Natak" published in 1849, the first play in Gujarati, based on Greek drama Plutus.
Forbes who wanted Gujarati literature develop, had helped found the Gujarat Vernacular Society. When Forbes died in 1865, Dalpatram composed "Farbesvirah", a Gujarati elegy, and "Farbesvilas", his account of the gathering of bards, both dedicated to him. At the end of the 19th Century He was entitled "Mahakavi" (Great Poet) by Shahjanand Swami, the founder of Swaminarayan Sampraday.
Unlike Narmad, another prominent Gujarati poet of the same period, Dalpatram supported British rule for the benefits it gave India. Dalpatram also supported social reforms such as opposition to child marriage, allowing widows to remarry. Both Dalpatram and Narmad were the first Gujarati poets to address subjects connected to common life in their verses. Dalpatram's poems had subjects like English law, how to write an essay, and even "trees in a college compound". His verse often reflected his sense of humour.
Dalpatram was an authority on meters and wrote a treatise, "Pingal" ("Prosody"), used by scholars as a sourcebook for many decades.

</doc>
<doc id="20734875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734875" title="Charles Edmond Knox">
Charles Edmond Knox

Lieutenant General Sir Charles Edmond Knox KCB (28 February 1846 – 1 November 1938) was an Anglo-Irish soldier of the British Army.
Early life.
Knox was the son of Robert Knox DD, Archbishop of Armagh, and of his wife Catherine Delia FitzGibbon, daughter of Thomas Gibbon FitzGibbon of Ballyseeda, County Limerick. He had two brothers and two sisters.
He was educated at Eton and Sandhurst.
Career.
On 30 June 1865, Knox was commissioned into the British Army's 85th Regiment of Foot (Bucks Volunteers) as an ensign by purchase. This later became the 2nd Battalion the King's Shropshire Light Infantry, and the whole of his regimental service was done in that corps. On 7 August 1867, he was promoted lieutenant by purchase, on 11 June 1876, captain in a death vacancy, and on 1 July 1883, major. He served under Sir Charles Warren in the Bechuanaland Expedition between 1884 and 1885 and while there raised and commanded the 4th Pioneer Regiment. The expedition did not see any fighting but due to his performance Knox was promoted a brevet lieutenant colonel; brevet colonel on 9 December 1889; and he was promoted substantive lieutenant colonel on 11 February 1890, and was commanding officer of a battalion of his regiment from then to 11 February 1894. After a period of half-pay, he went on to command the 32nd Regimental District (Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry) based in Bodmin, from 29 January 1895 to 29 November 1899, when he was promoted to temporary major general in command of an infantry brigade at Aldershot.
Just five days later, with the outbreak of the Boer War, Knox was given command of 13th Infantry Brigade on the mobilisation of the 6th Division under General Kelly-Kenny, which formed part of the South African Field Force. There he was wounded at the Battle of Paardeberg, thrice Mentioned in Despatches,</ref> promoted substantive major general, appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) on 19 April 1901, and awarded the King's South Africa Medal. He was given command of 4th Division, 2nd Army Corps on 30 October 1902,</ref> he was promoted lieutenant general on 6 December 1905, and relinquished command on 1 June 1906. He was offered the post of Governor of Bermuda, but declined on the grounds that he was unmarried.
He was appointed Colonel of the Regiment of the King's Shropshire Light Infantry on 6 January 1907 and continued to hold the post until January 1921, though he retired from active service on 10 May 1909.
He was a member of the Naval and Military Club. In retirement he served as a company chairman.
Knox died on 1 November 1938, his obituary in "Time" magazine dated 14 November 1938, reads:
That in "The Times" noted:

</doc>
<doc id="20734877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734877" title="Robert Walker (English footballer)">
Robert Walker (English footballer)

Robert Walker (born "unknown" - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He played for Manchester United during the 1898-99 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20734880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734880" title="Jim Howden">
Jim Howden

James "Jim" Guthrie Howden (1934 – 1993) was an Australian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20734889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734889" title="Natasha Blakeman">
Natasha Blakeman

Natasha Blakeman is a fictional character from the British ITV1 soap opera "Coronation Street", played by Rachel Leskovac. The character first appeared onscreen during the episode airing on 12 May 2008. On 29 April 2010, it was announced that Leskovac had been axed from the show after two years and would depart in "an exciting and dramatic storyline which will be an integral part of the build-up to Coronation Street's 50th anniversary". In May 2010 it was suggested that Natasha was to take her own life, after she is left heartbroken of the break-up of her relationship with Nick Tilsley, however, this never materialised and Natasha made her last appearance on 27 September 2010.
Casting.
The news of the character first surfaced in the tabloid "Daily Mirror" and reported that former Holby City actress Rachel Leskovac was to take on the role, with a Coronation Street spokesman confirming it: "Rachel's very well known in TV land as she has been in countless series and dramas. To have her new character in the salon is a smashing coup." The actress stated in an interview that she only felt really part of the backstage family when her character became more involved with central storylines saying: "Last year, it was a bit sporadic because I wasn't in for weeks on end, so every time I came back it felt like my first day again. It's only now in the new year that it's started to feel like I'm part of the family!".
Character development.
The character of Natasha has been described as a typical 'ditzy blonde' by newspaper "The Sun". In an interview actress Rachel Leskovac had a lot to say about her character's personality: "I'd say Natasha's a romantic. She likes to have fun and isn't malicious in the slightest. She loves her job, too. I think she's looking for love but not necessarily settling down at the minute, though.". Her take on the character she plays after one year in the show. The character tends to talk a lot and generally say anything that comes into her head. ITV publicity describe the characters typical ditzy blonde image, describe her as loving Scottish accents and the sound of her own voice and hating shellfish and dandruff.
Storylines.
In December 2008, Natasha informs Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls) that her brother and sister-in-law have just a baby daughter and are naming her Electra. 
She spots a good business opportunity in opening the salon for late night trading hours during the week, an idea Audrey agrees to. Natasha is drafted in to style Molly Compton's (Vicky Binns) hair for her wedding day in January 2009. 
In February, she flirts with Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) in the Rovers and they go on a date but Steve is jealous that Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) is dating Becky Granger's (Katherine Kelly) and behaves quite badly during his and Natasha's date. She is not impressed by Steve as his idea of a date is a takeaway in the Rovers so when Steve asks her out again, she declines but tells him that there are no hard feelings.
On 23 March 2009, Natasha starts a relationship with Tony Gordon and initially, Natasha does most of the talking while Tony sits silently. Just as she is about to leave, he asks her to stop and take her coat off and the pair subsequently have sex. Natasha is in good spirits, following her night with Tony, and tells Maria Connor (Samia Smith) about it, making Maria jealous as she is developing romantic feelings for Tony herself. Maria tries to warn Natasha off him, claiming that he will treat her badly and even tries setting her up with Tom Kerrigan (Philip McGinley) but Natasha is happy with Tony. Some months later, Natasha becomes suspicious of the amount of time that Tony and Maria are spending together. Jealously, Natasha tells Maria that Tony is only paying her attention because he feels sorry for her. Tony is furious when he discovers what Natasha has said, leading to a showdown between them and they split up. Natasha tries to warn Maria about Tony's 'dark side' but she won't listen. 
In April 2010, Natasha finds herself attracting the attention of Graeme Proctor (Craig Gazey). She is amused at his attempts to woo her until she discovers that he is doing the same with Rosie Webster (Helen Flanagan). They agree to teach him a lesson; Natasha feigns interest in Graeme and meets him for a drink at the Rovers where she playfully flirts with him. When she asks him about Rosie, he states that she is a bimbo and that he has no interest in her. At that moment, Rosie comes up behind him and pours a pint over his head, much to the amusement of the pub. Later that month, Natasha sets her sights on Audrey's grandson Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) and he agrees to go out with her, after she makes her interest in him clear. However, after he cancels several dates, she angrily confronts him and he is impressed by her feisty personality, making him take their relationship more seriously but Natasha soon feels excluded by Nick and his family, firstly as Nick's mother Gail's (Helen Worth) is very cold towards her and Nick constantly puts his business before their relationship. Eager to settle down, Natasha suggests they get a place together but Nick is preoccupied with business woes, due to Underworld recently burning down, and virtually ignores her. Worried about his dealings with ex-wife, Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson), she lends him £3,000 for new business premises to secure the future of the factory in an attempt to please him.
In July 2010, while organising a surprise 70th birthday party for Audrey, Natasha discovers that her boss is considering retiring and ambitious, Natasha offers to buy the salon and is not happy to learn that Maria also wants to buy the business. Natasha's insecurity is not helped by Nick's devious half-brother, David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd), telling her that Nick and Maria were once engaged and that she is just one of many women that Nick has been involved with. Despairing at Nick's lack of commitment, her problems worsen when she learns that she is pregnant in August. She is about to tell Nick this but he ends their relationship first as he feels she is too needy. Later, Natasha sees Nick and Leanne together at the factory and angrily tells him about the baby but Nick is angry that she didn't tell him sooner and storms off. Fearing she'd be a single parent, Natasha has an abortion but Nick visits Natasha, telling her that he wants them to be a family. Unsure how to tell him about the termination, she lets him believe that she is still expecting and events spiral out of control when Nick announces her pregnancy in the Rovers. After Natasha steals Fiz Stape's (Jennie McAlpine) scan picture and passes it off as her own, she breaks down and admits the truth to Fiz when she realises what has happened. Seeing how these events are affecting her, Fiz urges her to tell Nick the truth but just as she is about to, Nick asks her to marry him and she agrees, much to Fiz's indignation. However, Gail is suspicious as Natasha's behaviour is not what you'd expect from a pregnant woman and checks her medical records. When she sees Natasha's abortion, she demands either Natasha tell him the truth or she will. Gail doesn't give Natasha much chance to tell Nick before she tells Nick, causing them to argue. Nick then tells Natasha that she will always be second best to Leanne and demands she move out, resulting in her attempting suicide by taking an overdose of prescription drugs. Feeling guilty about his actions, Nick returns to the flat and finding her unconscious, calls an ambulance and rushes her to the hospital, where she recovers. Nick tells her he is sorry and that they will try again once she is better. Natasha is discharged from hospital the next morning, and stays with Audrey while she recovers. Nick visits and asks if she wants to try for another baby, much to her surprise and delight. After Nick leaves, Audrey and Natasha have a heart-to-heart and Natasha realises that Nick doesn't love her and is simply trying to make amends for his past behaviour. Knowing that a relationship under those circumstances is doomed, she leaves Audrey's and returns to Coronation Street, wanting revenge on all those who misunderstood or were horrible to her. 
During her visit, she berates Leanne for being a catalyst in her break-up with Nick and tells David that Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan) will never love him as he has no heart or feelings. She also goes to "Underworld" and causes chaos by telling the workers about Nick's special 'nicknames' for them, and saving best for last, she gets Gail sacked from the Medical Centre by revealing to Dr. Carter (Oliver Mellor) how Gail broke the rules of patient confidentiality by hacking into private medical records, her last words to Gail are 'Hope you have a Nice Life Gail, ooh look, I had my fingers crossed' before leaving. An empowered but tearful Natasha then leaves Weatherfield in the back of a cab as Nick looks on.
Reception.
Ruth Deller of entertainment website "Lowculture", who runs a monthly column on the most popular and unpopular soap opera characters, including Natasha, attributing her rise in popularity, stating: "A fairly new addition to Weatherfield, Natasha is proving so far very likeable. This could all change, but for now, we’re loving her work." Deborah Ross of "The Independent" described her as having "trapped a man by pretending to be pregnant" before adding that "Obviously, she cannot think nine months ahead".

</doc>
<doc id="20734903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734903" title="John Williamson (footballer born 1893)">
John Williamson (footballer born 1893)

John Williamson (born 1893 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Manchester. He played for Manchester United and Bury.

</doc>
<doc id="20734908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734908" title="Silesian Socialist Party">
Silesian Socialist Party

The Silesian Socialist Party (, ŚPS) was a political party in Silesia, Poland. The party was founded on May 1, 1928, by Józef Biniszkiewicz. When the new party was founded, it took over the regional PPS organ "Robotnik Śląski" ('Silesian Worker').
Biniszkiewicz had been the leader of the Polish Socialist Party (PPS) in Upper Silesia, but had been expelled from the party for not supporting the opposition of PPS against the Józef Piłsudski government, and for opposing cooperation with German socialist parties. The ŚPS was seen as pro-"Sanacja".
The party, which failed to get a prominent role in Silesian politics, was dissolved in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="20734927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734927" title="Garth Manton">
Garth Manton

Garth O. V. Manton (born 1930) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
His senior rowing was with the Mercantile Rowing Club in Melbourne. 
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20734934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20734934" title="Niels Henriksen">
Niels Henriksen

Niels Henriksen (born 4 February 1966) is a Danish competition rower and Olympic champion.
Henriksen won a gold medal in "Lightweight coxless fours", at the 1996 Summer Olympics .

</doc>
<doc id="20735018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735018" title="Walter Howell">
Walter Howell

Walter Neville Howell (born 17 December 1929) is an Australian Olympic medal winning rower.
He was born in the state of Victoria and his senior rowing from 1951 was with the Banks Rowing Club in Melbourne.
In 1956 he was in the six seat of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event Melbourne 1956. Four years later in Tokyo 1960 he was eliminated with the Australian boat in the repechage of the men's coxed pair event.
In 1962 he won a gold medal in the men's VIIIs event at the Perth Commonwealth Games.
He had a long and distinguished masters rowing career and in 2010 was inducted as a member of the Rowing Victoria Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20735031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735031" title="Kranji Mile">
Kranji Mile

The Kranji Mile is a Thoroughbred horse race held annually in the third week of October at Kranji Racecourse in Singapore. Contested on turf over a left-handed course, the domestic Group One race is run over a distance 1600 meters (8 furlongs) and is open to horse age three and older.
The Kranji Mile was created by the Singapore Turf Club in the inaugural season of the Kranji Racecourse. Is the first leg of the Singapore Triple Crown and is followed by the Raffles Cup and the Singapore Gold Cup.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20735036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735036" title="Centreville Township, New Jersey">
Centreville Township, New Jersey

Centreville Township was a township that existed from 1822 to 1829 in Salem County, New Jersey, United States.
The township was incorporated by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 4, 1822, from portions of Pittsgrove Township. Just short of its seventh anniversary, the township was dissolved and its territory restored to Pittsgrove Township from whence it came.

</doc>
<doc id="20735040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735040" title="Primera Fila (Vicente Fernández album)">
Primera Fila (Vicente Fernández album)

Primera Fila ("Front Row") is the title of a live album released by Mexican performer Vicente Fernández. This album is the 80th release for the performer, and became his third number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums and the recipient of a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Mariachi Album.
Album history.
After the success of "Para Siempre", releases this album, which includes his greatest hits recorded live, with the participation of 30 musicians, in the "Vicente Fernández Gómez Arena". This unplugged CD and DVD also contains four songs never recorded before by Fernández: "Bésame Mucho", "Amor Mío", "No Vuelvo a Amar" and "Gracias". According to the record label Sony BMG, this is a live performance dedicated to the families, to see it in high definition and to be close to the idol. "Primera Fila" is the 80th album by the singer.
Commercial release.
Formats.
This album was released in three different formats, CD/DVD and DVD/CD, and also in "Blu-ray", this last format as a collectors item. It was recorded in a "anti-pirate" system and in High definition, and in a near future will be released on 3D, to give the best quality for the fans, according to Miguel Trujillo, CEO of Sony Music México.
Album.
A day after its release, "Primera Fila" it sold 80,000 units in México, receiving a platinum certification. In the United States, according to the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart it debuted at number one, replacing "5to Piso" by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona. On February 2009, this album was replaced by "Para Siempre", Fernández' previous album, at the top of the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart, after seven consecutive weeks at number-one. The late Tex-Mex performer Selena was the only performer to achieve this feat, when "Dreaming of You" replaced her own "Amor Prohibido" at the top of the chart in 1995.
Singles.
The first single released from this album is "El Ultimo Beso", written by Joan Sebastian and first included on "Para Siempre". This song became the first number-one hit by Fernández in the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart and became the oldest performer to peak at number-one on this chart.
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="20735053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735053" title="Sovznak">
Sovznak

Sovznaks () were promissory notes issued in Soviet Russia in 1919 and used during 1919-1924. The name is an abbreviation of the expression "Sovetskiye znaki" (Советские знаки, Soviet tokens), which in its turn was an abbreviation of the official terms (советские казначейские знаки, расчётные знаки РСФСР, денежные знаки РСФСР (СССР) ) used during different periods. They were the "de facto" money of the time. The term "token" was an euphemism for "money", since the communism was supposed to abolish money, and sovznaks were considered to be a temporary, transitional instrument.

</doc>
<doc id="20735060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735060" title="Guy DiSilva">
Guy DiSilva

Guy DiSilva (born July 11, 1956) is a pornographic actor. He began appearing in adult films in around 1993 at around the age of 37, and has since appeared in over 1000 movies. He has also directed at least three films.

</doc>
<doc id="20735068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735068" title="Adrian Monger">
Adrian Monger

Adrian Calero Monger (born 6 December 1932) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20735078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735078" title="Laurent Porchier">
Laurent Porchier

Laurent Porchier (born 27 June 1968) is a French competition rower and Olympic champion.
Porchier won a gold medal in "Lightweight coxless fours", at the 2000 Summer Olympics .

</doc>
<doc id="20735096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735096" title="Topo Volcanic Complex">
Topo Volcanic Complex

The Topo Volcanic Complex is a volcanic complex in a part of the island of São Jorge, Azores. It is made up of lava origins, basalt, hawaiite, mugearite under type aa, makes up of pyroclastic origin mostly on circumscripts with cinder cones formed by Strombolian eruptions.
Its main presence are founded in numerous shield volcanoes lining from northwest to southeast and east-southeast to west-northwest. Observes mainly only in coverture, as high as 700 m, and made up of turfs and are saturated in water. Data from K/ar observed by Feraud et al. (1980), that made its volcanic activity on the complex that began around 600,000 years ago.
Features.
Its features around the complex includes the Pico do Brejo do Cordeiro and several others.

</doc>
<doc id="20735108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735108" title="Raúl Saavedra">
Raúl Saavedra

Raúl Fernando Saavedra (born 8 March 1978 in San Miguel de Tucumán) is an Argentine football defender who plays for San Martín de San Juan.
Career.
Saavedra started his playing career in 2000 in the Argentine 2nd division with Atlético Tucumán. Two years later he joined Quilmes and won promotion to the Argentine Primera with the club in 2003.
In 2005 he joined San Lorenzo but he returned to Quilmes after only one season. Following Quilmes' relegation the following season he joined Olimpo who were relegated the following season. In 2008 he joined newly promoted San Martín de Tucumán. On 23 November 2008 he scored his first goal for San Martín, a long range equalizer against Boca Juniors in a 1-2 defeat. However, Saavedra suffered another top flight relegation with San Martín at the end of the 2008–09 season. Subsequently, the defender joined San Martín's town rivals Atlético Tucumán, recently promoted to the Primera División. Nonetheless, he returned to San Martín after suffering his fourth top flight relegation in a row while at Atlético.

</doc>
<doc id="20735129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735129" title="Jean-Christophe Bette">
Jean-Christophe Bette

Jean-Christophe Bette (born 3 December 1977 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye) is a French competition rower and Olympic champion.
Bette won a gold medal in "Lightweight coxless fours", at the 2000 Summer Olympics .

</doc>
<doc id="20735139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735139" title="Brian Doyle (rower)">
Brian Doyle (rower)

Brian John Doyle (1930 – 1 June 2008) was an Australian Olympic medal winning rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
His senior rowing was with the Mercantile Rowing Club in Melbourne.
In 1956 he was the strokeman of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event. In 2010 Doyle was inducted as a member of the Rowing Victoria Hall of Fame.
His sons David and Mark Doyle also rowed for Australia in VIIIs, David in men's VIIIs at the 1983 World Championships and the 1986 Commonwealth Games and Mark in the men's VIIIs at the 1986 and 1987 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20735158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735158" title="Alexander Ledkovsky">
Alexander Ledkovsky

Alexander Borisovich Ledkovsky (June 3, 1944 in Teupitz — December 24, 2004 in Shirley, NY) was a German-American conductor, composer, and music editor of Russian descent.
Life.
Alexander Ledkovsky was born in Teupitz, Germany during war-time to parents Marina Viktorovna Ledkovsky (née Fasolt) and Boris Mikhailovich Ledkovsky, a prominent choral director and composer/arranger of Russian Orthodox Church music.
Having emigrated to the United States in 1951, Alexander was educated at Trinity School and Columbia University, where he earned a B.A. in Music. Although he developed a successful career as a computer expert and software developer, his life's love was his work as a musician of the Russian Orthodox Church.
Having studied choir direction both at university and under his father's tutelage, he took on responsibilities as assistant choirmaster at the Russian Orthodox Synod Cathedral "Our Lady of the Sign" located on Park Avenue at 93rd Street in New York. He also ran a secondary choir for the cathedral's English-speaking parish in the late 1960s.
When his father's health declined, Alexander assumed full responsibility for the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia (ROCOR)'s flagship choir, on Forgiveness Sunday in 1975. He held this post until his own declining health forced him to relegate responsibilities to assistants in 2002.
Musical work.
During his tenure, which lasted more than a quarter-century, Alexander Ledkovsky led a number of unique projects, including concerts at Lincoln Center, performances at Carnegie Hall (in cooperation with the Russian Choral Society and the Opera Orchestra of NY), and a number of grand occasions at the cathedral, such as the canonization of the New Martyrs of Russia in 1981, the funeral of Metropolitan Philaret and the memorial services and funerals of many renowned members of the Russian emigrate community, such as choreographer George Balanchine.
Under Alexander Ledkovsky's direction, the choir produced two compact disc recordings in 1994: "All-Night Vigil for 700 Years of the Our Lady of Kursk Icon" and "Celebrating the Composer's Centennial: Divine Liturgy of Boris M. Ledkovsky"
In 1999, Ledkovsky launched one of the first websites devoted to online publication of music scores of Russian Orthodox Church Music, www.rocm.org. Although he fell ill with cancer that same year, and succumbed to the disease within five years, Ledkovsky was astonishingly productive in his work to create and publish numerous liturgical scores, including music for the full services of each of the services of the complete cycle of Orthodox Feasts.
After a struggle with head and neck cancer, Ledkovsky died in his home on Christmas Eve, 2004. His funeral was served by three bishops (ROCOR Metropolitan Laurus, Bishop Gabriel of Manhattan and Bishop Peter of Cleveland) more than a dozen priests, several deacons, and a chorus of more than 100 singers, some of them travelling far distances to pay him homage.

</doc>
<doc id="20735182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735182" title="Ford 3-Ton M1918">
Ford 3-Ton M1918

The Ford 3-Ton M1918 was one of the first light tank designs by the U.S. It was a small two-man, one-gun tank. It was armed with a M1919 Browning machine gun and could reach a maximum speed of 8mph.
History.
Design on the 3-ton tank started in mid-1918, before which American tank forces had been largely equipped with British or French examples. The 3-Ton was a two man tank designed so that American forces could use another tank besides the Renault FT in battle, and was in fact designed around the FT but as a cheaper alternative. Its two Model T ford engines were controlled from the driver- seated at the front- with a gunner beside him who had control of a .30/06 machine gun (either a M-1917 Marlin or M-1919) on a limited-traverse mount. The initial production run of the 3-ton was of fifteen vehicles, one of these was sent to France for testing. A contract for 15,000 of these vehicles was awarded; however, the U.S tank corps felt it did not meet the requirements they wanted. The contract for the 15,000 tanks was ended by the Armistice, leaving only the fifteen original vehicles produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20735188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735188" title="Richard Wyche (merchant)">
Richard Wyche (merchant)

Richard Wyche (or Wiche) (1554–1621) was a London shipowner and merchant. He was on the first Committee of Directors of the English East India Company, assisted in the formation of the North West Company in 1612, and was among the adventurers of the Muscovy Company. He died on 20 November 1621 and was buried at St. Dunstan's in the East. "Wiche Islands" or "Wiche's Land" (discovered and named in 1617, and now erroneously called Kong Karls Land), Wichebukta (on the east coast of Spitsbergen), Wichefjellet (also on the Spitsbergen’s east coast), and "Wiche Sound" (named and discovered in 1614 and now called Liefdefjorden and Woodfjorden) were named after him.
A descendant of a former Lord Mayor of London in the fifteenth century, Richard Wyche, Gentleman and Mercer, married Elizabeth Saltonstall, daughter of Sir Richard Saltonstall, Member of Parliament and Lord Mayor of London. Elizabeth's first cousin was another Sir Richard Saltonstall, who in 1630 established a North American colony in Massachusetts. This couple had many sons; the Honorable Nathaniel Wyche lived in India and was President of the East India Company in the late 1650s. Another son was the Right Honorable Sir Peter Wyche, Ambassador to Constantinople (Ottoman Empire), who married Jane Meredith. Their children included (the second) Sir Peter Wyche, Sir Cyril Wyche, and Lady Jane Wyche, who married John Granville, 1st Earl of Bath. Rt. Hon. Sir Peter Wyche was one of the Chancellors of Oxford University, and his sons Sir Cyril and Sir Peter were among the founding members of the British Royal Society. Jane Wyche Granville was Countess of Bath and Lady of the Bedchamber to Henrietta Maria of France, Queen Consort of King Charles I of England. 

</doc>
<doc id="20735215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735215" title="Khara (surname)">
Khara (surname)

People.
People with the following surname:
Khara (; English: Khaai-ra)(Old/Original and British India spelling),
Khehra/Khaira () or Khahra (Varied spellings)
are inhabitants of Punjab region in India and Pakistan, and few are also inhabitants of the northern Afghanistan.
Population concentration in the Punjab region tells that they are mostly inhabitants of Majha region of Punjab, especially, Lahore, Kasur, Faisalabad, Kotla Kahlwan Chak # 44 R.B Shahkot Nankana Sahib and Amritsar.
Historical Reference.
There may be early known references of Kharas in old scriptures but the one that are famous are as follow: 
Religion.
People with the Khaira/Khara surname are mostly Sikhs but in Pakistan mostly Muslims
Villages.
There are many villages and areas of Kharas' in Punjab.

</doc>
<doc id="20735228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735228" title="Harold Hewitt">
Harold Hewitt

Harold Neil Hewitt (born 2 September 1938) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
His senior rowing was with the Mercantile Rowing Club in Melbourne. 
In 1956 he was the coxswain of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20735231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735231" title="Reykjavík Mosque">
Reykjavík Mosque

The Reykjavík Mosque (Icelandic: Moskan í Reykjavík Arabic: Masjid an-nuur "The Mosque of the Light") is a Sunni mosque and gathering area for Muslims in Iceland. It is located in the Ármúli district. The mosque was opened in 2002 by the Islamic Association of Iceland after requesting the city government to build a mosque in 2000, although the city government still has not given any response to the building of a mosque. The Reykjavík Mosque is funded by the Association of Muslims in Iceland. It offers Friday Juma prayers every week and it is open for prayers nightly also. There are two imams, Salmann Tamimi a Palestinian immigrant who is also president of the Association of Muslims in Iceland, and an imam from Algeria. During Ramadan, a sheikh from Libya joins and leads the taraweeh prayers. In January 2009, a new wooden altar was built by members of the association.
Ramadan of 2013.
In the year 2013, for the Islamic month of Ramadan (which fell in most of July and the beginning of August), the Islamic Association of Iceland invited Ismaeel Malik, an American currently studying at Umm al-Qura University, to lead the prayers and deliver the Friday sermons. On Saturdays, the mosque held dinners along with motivational lectures. Ismaeel Malik was also invited to an Iftar dinner hosted by Luis E. Arreaga, the current United States Ambassador to Iceland. The ambassador and the embassy staff were "particularly pleased" to have an American Muslim visiting Iceland participate in the dinner.

</doc>
<doc id="20735244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735244" title="Dale A. Kimball">
Dale A. Kimball

Dale A. Kimball (born November 28, 1939) was confirmed as a judge for United States District Court for the District of Utah by the United States Senate on October 21, 1997. Judge Kimball is married. He and his wife have six children, twenty-four grandchildren, and one great-grandchild.
Early life and education.
Kimball grew up on a dairy farm in Draper Utah and worked in the fields where his family grew alfalfa, sugar beets, and grain. He continued to work on the family farm throughout his schooling, including his time in law school. His family sold their farm to the Catholic Diocese in 1996 and it is now the site of the Skaggs Catholic Center, which houses Juan Diego High School.
Kimball first became interested in law while taking a commercial law class from E.L. Crawford at Jordan High School. Kimball graduated magna cum laude from Brigham Young University with a BS in Political Science. In 1967, he received his Juris Doctor from the University of Utah College of Law, graduating Order of the Coif and second in his class. While attending law school, Kimball was a member of the Phi Kappa Phi Fraternity and was the Case Note Editor of the Utah Law Review.
Legal career.
After graduating from law school, Kimball began his legal practice at Van Cott, Bagley, Cornwall & McCarthy in Salt Lake City, Utah, where Kimball maintained a full-time general practice until 1974. In 1974, Kimball became a full-time law professor at BYU's J. Reuben Clark Law School. In his second year as a full-time professor, Kimball also co-founded the law firm formerly known as Kimball, Parr, Waddoups, Brown & Gee. The firm is now known as Parr, Brown, Gee & Loveless. Kimball continued to teach part-time at BYU from 1976 to 1980. From 1975 until his appointment as a United States District Judge in 1997, Kimball maintained a full-time legal practice, primarily in commercial litigation.
Judicial career.
On September 4, 1997, President Bill Clinton nominated Kimball as a United States District Judge for the District of Utah. Kimball's nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 21, 1997. On November 24, 1997, Kimball was sworn in as a United States District Judge. Kimball replaced the Honorable David K. Winder, who took senior status in June 1997. After twelve years as a full-time district court judge, Kimball took senior status on November 30, 2009. However, Kimball maintained a full case load until November 30, 2010. Kimball maintains a 60 percent case load and has resumed teaching part-time at BYU's J. Reuben Clark Law School. 
During his time on the bench, Kimball has presided over many notable cases, such as the Brian David Mitchell criminal trial, case no. 2:08cr125DAK, and the second Main Street Plaza case, case no. 2:03cv688DAK. In the case of "Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance v. Norton", Case No. 2:99cv852DAK, Judge Kimball's decision was reversed by the Tenth Circuit, but the United States Supreme Court then reversed the Tenth Circuit and affirmed Judge Kimball (9-0), "Norton v SUWA", 542 U.S. 55 (2004). More than 800 of his memorandum decisions appear on Westlaw.
In 1999, Kimball sat by designation with the Tenth Circuit of Appeals, authoring two published opinions and two unpublished opinions: "Zeran v. Diamond Broadcasting, Inc.", 203 F.3d 714 (10th Cir, 2000); and "United States v. Moore", 198 F.3d 793 (10th Cir. 1999); "Hutchinson v. Pfeil", 201 F.3d 448 (10th Cir. 1999) (unpublished); "Standard v. Union Pacific Railroad Co.", 198 F.3d 258 (10th Cir. 1999) (unpublished).
In May 2009, to help with the congested dockets of a neighboring district, Kimball sat by designation in the United States District Court for the District of Idaho.
Community and professional service.
Kimball is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and has served in many leadership positions within the church, including bishop, high councilor, stake president, and Regional representative of the Twelve.
Awards and publications.
Judge Kimball graduated second in his class at the University of Utah College of Law and was elected to the Order of the Coif. Order of the Coif is an honorary scholastic society consisting of members graduating in the top ten percent of their class. In 1996, Kimball was honored by the Utah State Bar as the "Distinguished Lawyer of the Year". In 2010, Kimball was honored by the Federal Bar Association, Salt Lake Chapter as the "Judge of the Year". 
Kimball has authored numerous legal publications over the years. For a partial listing see http://www.utd/uscourts.gov/judges/kimball.html.
Selected cases.
USA V. Brian David Mitchell and Wanda Eileen Barzee, Case No. 2:08CR125DAK.
After Defendant Brian David Mitchell was declared incompetent to stand trial in Utah state court for the alleged kidnapping of Elizabeth Smart, he and co-defendant Wanda Barzee were indicted by a federal grand jury for kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor. Because Mitchell’s competency to stand trial was at issue, the court sent Mitchell to a federal medical facility for a mental evaluation. On October 1, 2009, and December 1 through 11, 2009, the court held an evidentiary hearing to determine whether Mitchell was competent to stand trial. The court heard testimony from several psychologists and psychiatrist as well as Elizabeth Smart and many other witnesses who had interactions with Mitchell throughout his life. On March 1, 2010, the court issued a memorandum decision and order finding Mitchell competent to stand trial. The court then scheduled trial for November 1, 2010. Because of extensive pretrial publicity of the case, Mitchell filed a motion to transfer venue to another district. The court denied the motion after reviewing juror questionnaires filled out by hundreds of potential jurors. After a five-week trial that proceeded on November 1, 2010, and continued until December 10, 2010, a jury found Mitchell guilty of both offenses. The trial focused mainly on Mitchell’s insanity defense and required the jury to determine whether Mitchell was legally insane at the time of the offense. Elizabeth Smart again testified as did many of the same witnesses from the prior competency hearing. The trial also raised several First Amendment media access issues that required rulings from the court throughout the proceedings. On May 25, 2011, Judge Kimball sentenced Mitchell to life in prison under the federal sentencing guidelines and the sentencing factors found in 18 U.S.C. § 3553a. Mitchell decided not to appeal. 
After being declared competent to stand trial as a result of forced medication ordered by the state court, Wanda Barzee entered into a plea agreement with the federal government. Judge Kimball sentenced Barzee on November 17, 2009, to 15 years in prison. Portions of interviews with Barzee were entered into evidence during Mitchell’s competency hearing and Barzee testified in person at Mitchell’s trial.
Utah Gospel Mission v. Salt Lake City Corp., Case No. 2:03cv688DAK.
The "Main Street II" lawsuit was the second round of a long-standing and divisive dispute pertaining to Salt Lake City’s sale of a block of Main Street to the LDS Church. The first round of the dispute, which was handled by another judge in this district, involved the City’s sale of Main Street Plaza and the City’s reservation of a pedestrian easement through the Plaza, while allowing the LDS Church to control behavior and limit First Amendment activity on the Plaza. On appeal, the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals ultimately determined that the easement itself was a public forum for First Amendment purposes and that the City and Church could not prohibit protected speech on the easement. "See First Unitarian Church v. Salt Lake City Corp.", 308 F.3d 114 (10 Cir. 2002) (“"Main Street I"”). 
The "Main Street II" litigation challenged the constitutionality of the City’s subsequent sale of the pedestrian easement to the LDS Church. Through the sale, the LDS Church secured the right to prohibit First Amendment activity on the Main Street Plaza, and, in exchange, the City obtained 2.125 acres of LDS Church-owned property in the Glendale neighborhood of the City, payment of half the attorneys’ fees awarded against the City in the previous litigation, and $5 million in cash and land from the Alliance for Unity. In total, the City obtained over $5.375 million in land and cash in exchange for the easement, which had been valued at $500,000. 
In the lawsuit, Plaintiffs argued that the Mayor’s decision to sell the easement was brought about by the undue influence of the LDS Church. The City and the LDS Church, on the other hand, argued that the Mayor proposed a compromise that, among other things, would bring many secular benefits to the City, including obtaining land and cash valued at over $5.375 million, putting to rest the legal battles between the City and the LDS Church, and helping to heal the wounds of a City divided along religious lines. The specific issues in this case were whether the sale of the easement (1) violated Plaintiffs’ rights to freedom of expression and assembly under the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution, and (2) constituted an improper establishment of religion under the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 4 of the Utah Constitution. 
The court dismissed both claims, finding that the property at issue had become an entirely private, Church-owned Plaza devoid of any government property interests that could create a public forum. The court determined that the free speech guarantees of the First and Fourteenth Amendments did not apply to the Plaza or to the now-extinguished easement. The court also found that Plaintiffs had not stated a claim under the Establishment Clause, finding that the sale of the easement to the LDS Church, even assuming that it was partially motivated by the religious purposes of those involved, served a reasonable secular purpose. Given the facts of the case, the court held that Plaintiffs had failed to allege that the City’s actions had the principle or primary effect of advancing or endorsing religion because a reasonable observer would not view the decision to sell the easement as communicating a message of government endorsement of the LDS Church. In addition, the court determined that Plaintiffs had failed to adequately allege that the sale of the easement created excessive entanglement between the City and the LDS Church. If anything, the court found, the sale actually eliminated the likelihood of excessive entanglement. Finally, the court held that when the City merely elected one of two choices presented by the Tenth Circuit of Appeals in Main Street I, it could hardly be said that the reason for the City’s decision was to promote or endorse the LDS Church.
The Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals subsequently affirmed Judge Kimball’s decision. "See Utah Gospel Mission v. Salt Lake City Corp.", 425 F3d 1249 (10 Cir. 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20735284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735284" title="Carter Stevens">
Carter Stevens

Carter Stevens (born October 17, 1944 in Newark, New Jersey, United States) is a former pornographic film actor, grip, gaffer and lab technician (film processing) and director. He made 8mm loops, appeared in over 50 adult films between around 1973 and 1993, and directed about 40 films between 1972 and 1996, including a series of films for the Avon Theater chain. 
He fought battles with drugs, a life-threatening heart attack, and charges of obscenity before re-emerging in the 1990s and early 2000s to produce the BDSM-related S&M News, and several print publications. 

</doc>
<doc id="20735294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735294" title="Nelson Castro (politician)">
Nelson Castro (politician)

Nelson Castro (born January 25, 1972) is an American politician from the state of New York. A Democrat, he serves in the New York State Assembly representing the 86th district, which covers the University Heights, Tremont, and Fordham sections of the Bronx. 
Elected in 2008, he succeeded Luis Diaz and is the first Dominican to represent the Bronx in the State Assembly. He took office in January 2009, and resigned as part of a non-prosecution agreement with the US Attorney's Office and the Bronx District Attorney's Office.
Biography.
Nelson Castro was born on January 25, 1972, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, arriving in New York City at the age of 11, where he was enrolled in the public school system. Along with his mother and brother, they had to abruptly relocate to the state of Michigan, where he completed high school at Berrien Springs High and continued his undergraduate studies at Andrews University, earning a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration. There he became co-founder of the Latin American Student Club. Upon his return to New York, he also attended Empire State College. In the summer of 1994, he returned to New York and moved into an apartment in the West Bronx. 
Nelson was able to get first-hand experience by serving as chief of staff for Adriano Espaillat, state Assemblyman for the 72nd District. There he handled cases from immigration to housing to domestic violence, among others. In November 2008, Nelson Castro made history by becoming the first Dominican American elected to public office in the Bronx. 
For over 10 years, Nelson has contributed to the development of communities of color in the West Bronx, as well as in upper Manhattan. His public service career solidified with his involvement in organizations such as the Children Arts & Science Workshop, the American Latin Association of New York (ALANY), the UMCED, the Washington Heights and Inwood Coalition, the Dominican Community Service Center, Plaza Las Americas, the Washington Heights Arts Center, and Dominicans 2000. These organizations focused on providing different services to people of limited resources. Within these organizations, Nelson occupied various capacities ranging from co-founder, director, president of the board, or simply being an active member. 
Nelson continues to work on the well-being of the community. He continues to reside in the Bronx. He is an active member of ALANY and the Inwood and Marble Hill Chamber of Commerce, serving as board member or advisor. He has also recently established the organization “We Are United for Progress,” and is a founding influence in the Dominican American Civil Rights Council. Simultaneously, he dedicates himself to working with different organizations and groups that represent the senior population to offer them a better option in their comprehensive medical coverage. 
Nelson has published various articles on the importance of the right to vote and has participated in public forums that have encouraged people to exercise their right to vote. Asked of his greatest accomplishments, Nelson says, “Having made history by becoming the first Dominican American elected to public office in the Bronx and my children.” He is a father of his daughter, Jennel (16) and son, Christopher (11).

</doc>
<doc id="20735314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735314" title="Huangling (disambiguation)">
Huangling (disambiguation)

Huangling （黄陵， "Yellow Tomb" or 皇陵 "Emperor's Tomb"） is the name of several places in China. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20735328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735328" title="Vince Mira">
Vince Mira

Vince Mira (born 1992) is a young singer/songwriter from Federal Way, Washington who specializes in country and rock and roll music. His deep bass-baritone voice has drawn comparisons to Johnny Cash. His repertoire consists of several Johnny Cash and Hank Williams songs, as well as his own originals.
Life.
Born in Los Angeles, California, and raised in San Antonio, Texas. Vince subsequently moved to Federal Way, Washington. His career began playing Spanish-language songs in Seattle's Pike Place Market. There he was discovered by producer Chris Snell. His similarity to Johnny Cash caught the ear of Cash's son, John Carter Cash, and led to John producing Mira's first record. Vince has appeared on "Good Morning America" and "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", and has done appearances for Seattle's KOMO-TV News. As of late 2008, he is assisting Pearl Jam's Stone Gossard with a Hank Williams tribute CD, as well as touring with Gossard as part of Timberland's EarthKeeper project. Since 2007, Vince has been backed by the band The Roy Kay Trio.
Discography.
"Cash Cabin Sessions", released in 2008 by Lucky Label Records, is Vince Mira's first EP. Executive producer Chris Snell, with assistance from Cash's son, John Carter Cash, aided Mira in the release. The recording consists of several Johnny Cash covers, including "Blistered", "Ring of Fire", and a Spanish-language version of "Ring of Fire", as well as two of his own compositions, "Cold Hearted Woman" and "Closer".

</doc>
<doc id="20735331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735331" title="David Cushing">
David Cushing

David Henry Cushing FRS was an English born fisheries biologist, who is credited with the development the match/mismatch hypothesis as an explanation for reduced fish stocks as associated with climatic variability. As opposed to other important fisheries biologists, such as Daniel Pauly and Carl J. Walters, Cushing was a proponent of keeping fisheries open to the point of collapse.
Early life.
Cushing was born in Alnwick, England. His father was an English teacher and his mother was a nurse. By way of his own desire to be a naturalist, his father's desire for him to become a diplomat, and his mother's desire for him to become a doctor, Cushing found a great interest in fisheries biology and management. Cushing also served in the British military in the Royal Artillery (1940–1945) and the Royal Fusiliers (1945–1946). Cushing is survived by his wife, Diana Antona-Traversi, whom he married in 1943, and his daughter.
Career.
Cushing received his lower education from Duke's School (Alnwick) and the Royal Grammar School (Newcastle upon Tyne) and received his PhD in 1950 from Balliol College at Oxford University. His PhD dissertation focused on the vertical migration of zooplankton.
After receiving his PhD, Cushing worked primarily for government organisations that oversaw the fisheries in Great Britain. For most of his career (1946–1980), he worked for the Centre for Environment, Fisheries, and Aquaculture Science (CEFAS). At CEFAS, he held the positions of scientific officer, deputy director, and as the head of fish population dynamics. His last position allowed him to focus primarily on factors influencing the stock dynamics of local fisheries and the management strategies those fisheries open.
Cushing, although not directly employed by, worked closely with the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea (ICES). At ICES, Cushing held positions on advisory committees for fisheries management and marine pollution. He also chaired the biological committee and was the head of the herring workgroup.
The most prestigious position that Cushing held was that of the founding editor of the Journal of Plankton Research, which he held from 1979–2001.
Contributions to fish population ecology.
Acoustic fish detection.
Acoustics were greatly improved upon during World War II so as to be used as a tool to detect unfriendly vessels and underwater hazards. After the war, acoustic detection was seen as a tool that could assist fisheries biologists to sample stock sizes. Cushing investigated the mechanisms that permitted the acoustic returns from the signalling devices to the fish and back. Through experimental procedures, using materials such as meat-filled condoms and air-filled balloons, Cushing determined that greater than 50% of the acoustic return was from the swimbladder of the fish. Cushing and colleagues also determined that it was possible to resolve, on the species level, the identity of a mass of fish through precise acoustic signals.
Match/mismatch hypothesis.
The match/mismatch hypothesis was coined by Cushing as a result of noticeable variations in fish stock recruitment. The hypothesis focused on the timing, as a function of climate, of the blooms of primary producers (i.e. phytoplankton). Blooms of phytoplankton directly influence the increased population sizes of zooplankton, as the phytoplankton are the primary food source for zooplankton. Most pelagic fish, in their larval stages, feed directly upon the phytoplankton and zooplankton. So as logic follows, large populations of phytoplankton will support large populations of zooplankton, and the presence of both will sustain larval fishes. As Cushing noticed, however, there are climatic influences where temperature anomalies will inhibit phytoplankton blooms, or impact the range of the bloom. When such events occur, they will have cascading effects that will influence the ability for larval fish to develop, thus reducing the number of fish that recruit into an existing population. With the previously mentioned events, the "match" portion of the hypothesis occurs when plankton blooms occur just prior the hatching of the fish larvae. In a "match" situation, the fish larvae are able to feed on large quantities of plankton, thus increasing their potential for successful recruitment. The "mismatch" portion of the hypothesis occurs when plankton blooms occur either earlier than usual, later than usual, or simply in far lesser quantities than expected. As a result, there are less prey for the fish larvae to feed upon, and the success of a recruitment event in severely diminished.
The match/mismatch hypothesis is featured in many of Cushing's writings, however the most influential purpose of the hypothesis is that of awareness of climate change and fisheries management. The intent of the hypothesis was to explain climate induced temperature anomalies (as a result of climate change) on fish stocks and the proper management strategies that could be associated with such changes. With some level of predictability, then, fish stocks would then avoid over-exploitation and be harvested at sustainable levels.

</doc>
<doc id="20735337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735337" title="Richard McClure">
Richard McClure

Richard Neil McClure (born 1935) is a Canadian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and the 1958 Commonwealth Games.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event. In 1958 he got a silver medal in the coxless fours. 

</doc>
<doc id="20735369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735369" title="Cannabis in Oregon">
Cannabis in Oregon

Cannabis in Oregon relates to a number of legislative, legal, and cultural events surrounding use of cannabis (marijuana, hashish, THC, kief, etc.). Oregon was the first U.S. state to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of cannabis, and among the first to authorize its use for medical purposes. An attempt to recriminalize possession of small amounts of cannabis was turned down by Oregon voters in 1997.
From 1999 through 2005, the ratio of Oregonians using cannabis outpaced the general United States population by 32–45%. In 2003–2004, Oregon ranked among the top five states for cannabis usage of people 12 and older. Oregon is also one of the largest cannabis producing states, ranking fourth in indoor production, and tenth overall in 2006.
In surveys conducted in 1974 and 1975—one and two years after decriminalization—it was found that 2% of respondents said they did not use marijuana or cannabis because they were unavailable, 4% for legal or law enforcement reasons, 53% reported lack of interest, and 23% cited health dangers. The remaining 19% were using or had used it at one time.
In 2012, the Oregon Cannabis Tax Act, an initiative to allow personal marijuana and hemp cultivation and use without a license was defeated in a state ballot.
Cannabis culture in Oregon.
Usage.
According to the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), cannabis is readily available in Oregon. According to a 2006 report by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, in 2003–2004 Oregon ranked in the top fifth of states for cannabis usage in three age categories: 12 to 17, 18 to 25, and 26 and older. In 2005, while most states that had passed medical marijuana bills over the past decade saw marijuana use among teenagers decline faster than the national average (a 43% decrease), Oregon, Nevada, and Maine saw smaller decreases than the average.
The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration estimates and publishes the number of people to have used cannabis in the previous 30 days, as compiled by the Oregon chapter of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML):
Cultivation.
Oregon imports cannabis from Washington, California, Mexico and Canada, while also producing a large quantity locally. Large indoor and outdoor growing operations have been discovered on private, state, and forest lands, with plants numbering in the thousands. Recently, large outdoor growing operations by Mexican drug trafficking organizations have become more common. Highly potent cannabis grown in Oregon is consumed locally, and distributed to other parts of the U.S.
In 1988, due to the success of the DEA's Campaign Against Marijuana Planting in California, Oregon rivaled California nationally in cannabis production. In the 1990s, Oregon was a national leader in indoor cannabis cultivation, along with California, Washington, Kentucky and South Florida. For the decade ending in 1991, the DEA considered Oregon the "nation's cradle of indoor marijuana growing." In 2006, Oregon was the fourth largest indoor cannabis producing state, and the tenth largest cannabis producing state overall.
Events and attitudes.
According to Nick Budnick of the "Willamette Week", medical marijuana has "helped legitimize pot culture in Oregon." In 2005, Multnomah County Circuit Judge Doug Beckman said "I think there's a broader social acceptance for users of marijuana. And gradually there's increasing public pressure, I think, to decriminalize marijuana."
In 2007, nearly 20,000 people attended the third annual Hempstalk Festival at Sellwood Riverfront Park in Portland, Oregon. While organizers insisted smoking would not be tolerated, the smell of marijuana lingered in the air and some festival goers chose to consume various forms of cannabis foods. No festival attendees were arrested. Seattle Hempfest is an annual event in Seattle, Washington also attended by Oregonians, known as the world's largest annual gathering advocating decriminalization of marijuana for uses including but not limited to medicinal, industrial, and recreational. The 2008 Seattle Hempfest, which took place August 16–17, set a new record with around 150,000 people in attendance.
Legality.
Cannabis and marijuana were completely legal in Oregon until 1935, when the state passed the Uniform State Narcotic Drug Act. The legislative record contains no mention of those substances causing any problems, but they were simply included as part of the package. The Oregon Decriminalization Bill of 1973 abolished criminal penalties for possession of small amounts of marijuana. As a result, possession of up to an ounce of marijuana in Oregon today is a violation (not a crime), punishable only by a fine of $500 to $1000. There is one exception, however, which is: if possession of such an amount occurs in a public place within 1000 feet of a school attended by minors, the person committing the offense is guilty of a Class C misdemeanor instead. Possession of more than one ounce, no matter the proximity to a school, was a Class B felony until July 3, 2013, at which point it became a Class B misdemeanor. The actual "use" of marijuana in private, and being under the influence of marijuana, are not punishable offenses under Oregon law. However, public use, and also driving under the influence of marijuana, are punishable offenses.
Intentionally growing even one marijuana plant (Unlawful manufacture of marijuana), is a Class A felony in Oregon (ORS 475.856, 475.858). Selling or giving away marijuana is an offense (Unlawful delivery of marijuana) that varies in severity and penalty depending on the amount of marijuana involved in the transaction, whether or not consideration is involved, the relative ages of the people involved, and the proximity of the transaction to nearby schools attended by minors (ORS 475.860, 475.862). Giving away five grams (approx. 0.18oz) of marijuana or less by an adult to another adult for no payment at a location at least 1000 feet from the closest school is only a violation, punishable by a fine of $500 to $1000. However, if greater amounts of marijuana are involved, if any payment at all is involved, if delivery is by an adult to a minor, and/or if delivery occurs within 1000 feet of a school (even if both parties are adults), the severity of the offense can range from Class C misdemeanor to Class A felony with increasing penalties.
The preceding convictions and penalties apply to any person, minor or adult, Oregon resident or otherwise, when the offense occurs within the state of Oregon. However, Oregon marijuana law is further complicated due to the existence of Oregon's medical marijuana program. The Oregon Medical Marijuana Program allows individuals with a medical history of one or more qualifying illnesses and a doctor's recommendation to apply for registration with the program. Accepted applicants are issued a Medical Marijuana Card, which entitles them to different treatment under the law. Essentially, medical marijuana patients are allowed to possess, without fear of citation, arrest, or penalty, up to 1.5 pounds of marijuana at a time. Possession of a greater amount, however, does become punishable by law. In addition to legal possession, cardholders may also legally grow, without fear of citation, arrest, or penalty, up to 18 immature cannabis plants and 6 mature ones at a single time. Cardholders are also allowed to designate a primary caregiver and a grower of their choice, if so inclined. These people enjoy the same freedoms, in regard to possession, as the cardholder as long as they remain officially registered. The above limits of legal possession apply to the total combined property of the cardholder, caregiver, and grower. If a grower is growing plants for more than one cardholder, he or she may possess up to 18 immature plants per cardholder. A grower may not grow plants for more than four cardholders at a time. Also, in addition to legal possession and manufacture as outlined above, cardholders, caregivers, and growers may legally deliver marijuana to each other, and to other cardholders, so long as the delivery is made without consideration. The privileges which normally protect cardholders, caregivers, and growers from citation, arrest, and penalty do not excuse possession, manufacture, or delivery in cases where they are simultaneously guilty of certain offenses listed in ORS 475.316, such as driving under the influence of marijuana or using marijuana in public.
In June 2010, the Oregon Board of Pharmacy reclassified marijuana from a Schedule I drug to a Schedule II drug. According to a press release from the board, "The Board of Pharmacy’s action to reschedule marijuana on the state list does not supersede federal law or create a direct conflict with federal law. It simply does not address federal law," and, "Marijuana or products containing any amount of marijuana will not be available by prescription in Oregon unless they have been approved by the FDA." News reports noted that this reclassification makes Oregon the "first state in the nation to make marijuana anything less serious than a Schedule I drug." ("See also Removal of cannabis from Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act")
A ballot measure of the November 2010 election would have established a state licensing system for marijuana producers and dispensaries, allowed the sale of marijuana from the dispensaries to medical marijuana patients, provide low income assistance for those patients, and set up a research program to evaluate the effects of the new law. It was defeated with 43.85% support and 56.15% opposition.
The Oregon Cannabis Tax Act is another recent citizens' initiative. It qualified for the November 2012 state ballot, with the petition having 88,887 valid signatures. If approved, it would have legalized marijuana for recreational adult use, regulate and tax the cultivation and sale of marijuana, and legalize the production, use, and sale of hemp. It appeared as Measure 80 on the ballot, but was defeated by a margin of approximately 53%-47%.
Decriminalization.
In 1973, Oregon became the first state to decriminalize cannabis. Possession of 28.35 grams (1 ounce) or less is a violation (not a crime) punishable by a $500 to $1,000 fine; stricter punishments exist for sale or cultivation. Possession of 1 ounce to 110 grams is a class B felony punishable by 10 years in prison, and possession of more than 110 grams is a felony with punishment depending on the defendant's prior record. In 1986, Oregon's Ballot Measure 5 sought to legalize cannabis. The Oregon Marijuana Initiative spent about $50,000 promoting the proposition, and collected the 87,000 signatures necessary to place it on the ballot. In 1986, by some estimates, cannabis was Oregon's largest cash crop, estimated in 1985 at between $1 billion and $1.15 billion. The ballot measure was rejected by Oregon voters with 279,479 "Yes" and 781,922 "No" votes, or 26.33% support.
In 1995, Oregon House Bill 3466, which would have recriminalized marijuana in Oregon, died. According to bill sponsor Jerry Grisham (R–Beavercreek), HB 3466 was meant to counter a circulating initiative petition called "The Oregon Cannabis Tax Act" of 1997, which would have allowed state liquor stores to sell marijuana and permitted hemp production for paper, fabric, oil, and protein. Taxes on these products would go to schools to replace funding allegedly lost by Measure 5. The petition was sponsored by a political action committee named Pay for Schools by Regulating Cannabis.
HB 3466 would have increased penalties for possession of under an ounce of marijuana from an infraction (traffic ticket-like offense) to a Class A misdemeanor, the worst non-felony offense, with a fine of $100 to $1,000 per gram, up to a maximum of $5,000. The bill also would have created a new crime—being under the influence of marijuana—punishable by a fine of up to $5,000. The bill would have passed according to the positions of state senators, but was blocked on a technical basis which prevented it from coming to the floor the same day it was read—which allows public input—unless overridden by a vote.
In 1997, the Oregon Legislature passed House Bill 3643, making the possession of less than an ounce of marijuana a Class C misdemeanor, which added a possible jail sentence of up to 30 days. According to Eric Schlosser of "Rolling Stone", John Kitzhaber, then Oregon's governor, signed the bill because he did not want to appear soft on crime. Activists opposing HB 3643 collected twice as many signatures as were required to force a referendum on the bill. John Sperling, Peter Lewis, and George Soros were the principal financial backers of the referendum signature drive. Measure 57, which would have upheld HB 3643, was turned down by a margin of 2–1.
The Oregonians For Cannabis Reform 2010 hoped to make cannabis products legal and available in a retail environment by enacting the Oregon Cannabis Tax Act of 2010 (OCTA), but the effort failed to collect the minimum 83,000 signatures by the July 2 deadline to qualify for the 2010 ballot.
Backers of the initiative say 90% of the proceeds from the state's sale of marijuana would have gone to Oregon's general fund (as much as $300 million), lowering the state tax burden, while 10% of the revenue would have been used to fund drug abuse education and treatment programs. Advocates claim the marijuana market would be removed from the underground economy, where young people and drug abusers often take control, and place it in liquor stores regulated by the Oregon Liquor Control Commission so the minimum age of 21 can be enforced. According to Madeline Martinez, Executive Director of NORML's Oregon chapter, U.S. Congressman Barney Frank (D–Massachusetts) has endorsed the idea, though support from Oregon state officials has been limited.
Medical cannabis.
The Oregon Medical Marijuana Act was established by Ballot Measure 67, a citizens' initiative, in November 1998, the same election as the referendum Measure 57.
It modified state law to allow the cultivation, possession, and use of marijuana by prescription by patients with certain medical conditions. The ballot measure passed by a margin of 54.6% to 45.4%. The Act does not affect federal law, which still prohibits the cultivation and possession of marijuana. Bernie Hobson, spokesman for the DEA's Seattle regional office, said "From a federal standpoint, there is no such thing as medical marijuana." Four other western states (Alaska, Arizona, Nevada and Washington) and the District of Columbia passed similar measures legalizing the use of marijuana for medical purposes in the same election.
The act created "The Oregon Medical Marijuana Program," which administers the Medical Marijuana Act approved by the public in November 1998. The Oregon Medical Marijuana Program administers the program within the Oregon Department of Human Services. As of April 1, 2009, there were 20,974 patients registered, with 10,626 caregivers holding cards for these patients. Virtually all patients benefiting from the program (18,000+) suffer from severe pain and more than 3,200 from nausea. The other conditions are given as epilepsy, HIV/AIDS, cancer, cachexia, chronic glaucoma and tremors caused by Alzheimer's disease. Multiple states have requested information on Oregon's program to use as a model for their own medical marijuana initiatives and registration systems.
In 2004, an Oregon ballot measure that would have increased the amount of cannabis a patient can legally possess to six pounds was defeated by Oregon voters. In 2005, the Oregon Medical Marijuana Program brought in more than $900,000 to the state's budget for the Department of Human Services.
Medical cannabis reform activists filed Initiative 28, an initiative that would create a licensed and regulated medical marijuana supply system through non-profit dispensaries. The initiative was co-authored by John Sajo who helped draft the Oregon Medical Marijuana Act and Anthony Johnson who co-authored successful marijuana law reform measures while in law school at the University of Missouri-Columbia School of Law. Supporters argue that the measure is needed to ensure that patients have a supply of medical cannabis and that the imposed licensing fees will generate millions of dollars in revenue for the state. Fees collected from the dispensaries and their producers will be utilized to fund medical research, establish a program to assist-low income patients and help finance Oregon health programs, such as the Oregon Health Plan. The Coalition for Patients Rights first turned in over 61,000 signatures on January 11, 2010, to the Oregon Secretary of State and needed 82,769 valid signatures to qualify the measure for the November 2010 ballot. Members of the patients' rights coalition, including Oregon Green Free, Voter Power and Southern Oregon NORML eventually collected enough signatures to place the initiative on the ballot. On August 2, 2010, the Oregon Secretary of State announced that the non-profit dispensary proposal would be placed on the November ballot as Measure 74.
Measure 74 has received great publicity across Oregon and earned the endorsement of the Democratic Party of Oregon, providing medical cannabis more mainstream support than it ever achieved in Oregon. 11 Oregon Voters' Pamphlet Arguments were submitted in support of Measure 74. Arguments were submitted by former Portland Police Chief and Mayor, Tom Potter; retired Oregon Supreme Court Justice Betty Roberts; former federal prosecutor Kristine Olson; as well as several doctors and nurses, including, Dr. Richard Bayer, Chief Petitioner of the Oregon Medical Marijuana Act.
Progressive Reform of Oregon (Pro-Oregon), a new 501 (c)(4) federal non-profit released the first commercial urging voters to support Measure 74. Pro-Oregon is dedicated to ending the War on Cannabis and implementing policies that promote freedom and equality under the law.
Conflict with federal drug law.
Physician liability.
Physicians who recommend or support marijuana cannot have their licenses revoked according to a September 7, 2000 decision by the U.S. District Court. The case, "Dr. Marcus Conant, et al., v. McCaffrey et al.", arose from two events: the November 1996 passage of California Proposition 215 which authorized medical marijuana, and a December 30, 1996 response to the law by the director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy which said 
The statement accompanied authorization for the U.S. Inspector General for Health and Human Services to exclude individuals from participation in Medicare and Medicaid programs, such as physicians who recommend marijuana to patients for medical purposes. Clarification two months later affirmed that mere discussion of any drugs with a patient was not grounds for sanction, but affirmed that physicians "may not intentionally provide their patients with oral or written statements in order to enable them to obtain controlled substances in violation of federal law." The court's decision acknowledged that the government has a legitimate concern that physicians might recommend marijuana in bad faith. However, physicians in good faith using honest medical judgment should not fear DEA sanctions. Furthermore,
The government appealed the decision to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which agreed with the lower court on October 29, 2002, and expanded the grounds for the injunction to include free speech. The government appealed again to the Supreme Court which declined to hear it October 14, 2003, reaffirming the California Circuit Court's injunction.
Law enforcement.
In November 2007, a California appeals court ruled that "it is not the job of the local police to enforce the federal drug laws." The U.S. Supreme Court denied an appeal by the city of Garden Grove in December 2008, upholding the decision. The case began in June 2005 with a medical marijuana patient from Garden Grove being pulled over by city police and cited for possession of marijuana, despite his immediate display of proper medical marijuana documentation. The charge against him was later dismissed, but the city refused to return his confiscated eight grams of marijuana, even after being instructed by Orange County Superior Court. The Supreme Court ruling affects 13 U.S. states with medical marijuana laws.
Police departments throughout Oregon decline to press charges, or charges have been dropped for possessing and growing marijuana, even for convicted drug dealers. Salem police estimated they received 30 or 40 calls for marijuana activity in 2007 which were not pursued because the grow operations were legal, even one next to a high school. One grower, a previously convicted felon, was found with evidence of making hash oil, which is not protected, though a grand jury did not indict him.
Thermal imaging searches.
After a federal agent from the Department of the Interior used a thermal imaging device to determine that Danny Lee Kyllo was using grow lamps to grow marijuana in his Florence, Oregon home, the Supreme Court of the United States determined that the use of a thermal imaging device from a public vantage point to monitor the radiation of heat from a person's home was a "search" within the meaning of the Fourth Amendment, and thus required a warrant. Because the police in this case did not have a warrant, the Court reversed Kyllo's conviction for growing marijuana.

</doc>
<doc id="20735374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735374" title="Robert Wilson (rower)">
Robert Wilson (rower)

Robert Andrew Wilson (born October 14, 1935) is a Canadian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Montreal.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20735386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735386" title="Ramón Lentini">
Ramón Lentini

Ramón Lentini (born 24 October 1988 in Posadas) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Club Atlético Aldosivi.
Career.
A southpaw, Lentini was a staple of the Estudiantes de La Plata youth system since 2003, achieving renown as a scorer: he has a hundred goals to his name in the youth and reserve teams. Lentini signed his first professional contract at the age of 19, and made his debut with the squad on 7 December 2008 in a game against Colón de Santa Fe. Three days later, in his second game, a 2-1 defeat to Godoy Cruz, he scored his first goal. His second goal for Estudiantes was a crucial header against Peruvian side Sporting Cristal that cemented Estudiantes' entry into the group stage of 2009 Copa Libertadores.
With the arrival of coach Alejandro Sabella, Lentini had fewer opportunities and was loaned to Quilmes together with fellow scorer prospect Mauricio Carrasco for the 2009-10 season. His first goal for Quilmes was on September 25, 2009 against San Martín de San Juan. Lentini was part of the Quilmes squad that obtained promotion to the Argentine Primera División. He returned to Estudiantes at the end of the season and was again loaned to a second division side, Instituto de Córdoba.
Honours.
Estudiantes de La Plata

</doc>
<doc id="20735409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735409" title="David Helliwell">
David Helliwell

David Leedom Helliwell (born July 26, 1935) is a Canadian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vancouver.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20735465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735465" title="Donald Pretty">
Donald Pretty

Donald Wayne Pretty (born June 11, 1936) is a Canadian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event.
Eight years later he finished ninth with the Canadian boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20735481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735481" title="Alessandro Del Mar">
Alessandro Del Mar

Alessandro Del Mar aka Max Bellocchio (born in Naples, Italy) is a pornographic film director. He has directed over 200 films since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20735492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735492" title="Ormiscaig">
Ormiscaig

Ormiscaig () is a remote crofting village on the north east shore of Loch Ewe in Achnasheen, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The village of Mellon Charles is less than one mile west along the coast road. 

</doc>
<doc id="20735496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735496" title="Boris Ledkovsky">
Boris Ledkovsky

Boris Mikhailovich Ledkovsky (May 9, 1894 in Agrafenovka, Don Host Oblast — August 6, 1975 in Jordanville, New York) was a Russian-American composer of Church music and father of composer Alexander Ledkovsky.
Life.
Ledkovsky was born near Novocherkassk in 1894 to Protopriest Mikhail and Sophia Ledkovsky. He studied at the Theology School in Novocherkassk, in the Royal School in Rostov-on-Don and at the Moscow Conservatory with Alexander Kastalsky.
He directed at the St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in Sofia, Bulgaria; in Paris and in Berlin parishes and cathedrals. In 1937 Ledkovsky formed in Germany the all-male "a cappella" ensemble "Black Sea Cossacks Choir".
Ledkovsky married in 1943 to Marina V. Fasolt. With her, he fathered four children: Alexander (also a Church musician of note), Dimitri, Tatiana, and Michael. He emigrated with his family to the U.S. in 1951.
He was a prolific arranger and composer of Russian Orthodox Church music in the "Moscow School" style, relying heavily on traditional chant as well as austere harmonization forms.
From 1952 to 1975 he served as director of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia (ROCOR) Synod Cathedral Choir of New York.
Boris Ledkovsky died of lung cancer on August 6, 1975, and was buried in Jordanville, New York at the Holy Trinity Monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="20735532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735532" title="Bill McKerlich">
Bill McKerlich

William "Bill" Alister M. McKerlich (born December 2, 1935) is a Canadian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, the 1958 Commonwealth Games and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vancouver. He is the father of Ian McKerlich, who competed as a member of the Canadian Pair with cox at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul Korea. 
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the silver medal in the eight oar event.
In 1958 he was a member of the Gold Medal Canadian eight oar boat at the British Commonwealth Games in Wales.
Two years later he won his second silver Olympic medal as captain of the Canadian boat in the eight oar competition in Rome.
After his active rowing career Bill volunteered for many years in the sport of rowing as a coach, regatta organizer, co-founder of the Delta-Deas Rowing Club, and as a Canadian and International (FISA) rowing regatta referee. 
Professional Career:
Author: McKerlich, Bill,"Twelve Steps to Reform Canadian Public Education",Trafford,2002(ISBN 1-55369-766-9) 
Are the learning needs of children and youth being met by the Canadian school system?
Is it possible for all students to learn what is essential to function in our society?
What must be done to improve schools?
This book is Bill McKerlich's response to these questions. It is based on his 40 years of experience as a teacher,principal,director, district superintendent,work at two British Columbia Universities and after retiring, as a Visiting Practitioner at Harvard University.
This book outlines both a comprehensive assessment and a thoughtful plan for the necessary reform of Canadian schools for the twenty- first century written by an experienced educator.

</doc>
<doc id="20735534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735534" title="Architecture in Glasgow">
Architecture in Glasgow

The city of Glasgow, Scotland, has a distinct architecture, and is particularly noted for its 19th-century Victorian architecture, and the early-20th-century "Glasgow Style", as developed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh.
Very little of medieval Glasgow remains, the two main landmarks from this period being the 15th-century Provand's Lordship and 13th-century St. Mungo's Cathedral. The vast majority of the city as seen today dates from the 19th century. As a result, Glasgow has an impressive heritage of Victorian architecture: the Glasgow City Chambers; the main building of the University of Glasgow, designed by Sir George Gilbert Scott; and the Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum, designed by Sir John W. Simpson are outstanding examples.
Glasgow Style.
The city is notable for architecture designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh (1868–1928). Mackintosh was an architect and designer in the Arts and Crafts movement and the main exponent of Art Nouveau in the United Kingdom, designing numerous noted Glasgow buildings such as the Glasgow School of Art, Willow Tearooms and the Scotland Street School. A hidden gem of Glasgow, also designed by Mackintosh, is the Queen's Cross Church, the only church by the renowned artist to be built.
Victorian era.
Another architect who had an enduring impact on the city's appearance was Alexander Thomson (1817–1875). Thomson produced a distinctive style of architecture based on fundamentalist classicism that gave him the nickname "Greek". Examples of Thomson's work can be found over the city, with notable examples including the Holmwood House villa and St. Vincent Street Church. 
The buildings reflect the wealth and self-confidence of the residents of the ""Second City of the Empire"". Glasgow generated immense wealth from trade and the industries that developed from the Industrial Revolution. The shipyards, marine engineering, steel making, and heavy industry all contributed to the growth of the city. At one time the expression ""Clydebuilt"" was synonymous with quality and engineering excellence. The Templeton's carpet factory on Glasgow Green was designed to resemble the Doge's Palace in Venice and epitomises Glaswegians' desire to demonstrate architectural opulence during this era.
Many of the city's most impressive buildings were built with red or blond sandstone, but during the industrial era those colours disappeared under a pervasive black layer of soot and pollutants from the furnaces, until the Clean Air Act was introduced in 1956. In recent years many of these buildings have been cleaned and restored to their original appearance. 
Ecclesiastical architecture.
Many important historicist churches were built in Victorian Glasgow, including the St. Vincent Street Church and the Romanesque Revival Garnethill Synagogue.
Modern era.
Modern buildings in Glasgow include the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall, and along the banks of the Clyde are the Glasgow Science Centre and the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre, whose Clyde Auditorium was designed by Sir Norman Foster, and is affectionately known as the "Armadillo". Zaha Hadid won a competition to design the new Museum of Transport, which will move to the waterfront.
Glasgow's impressive historical and modern architectural traditions were celebrated in 1999 when the city was designated UK City of Architecture and Design, winning the accolade over Liverpool and Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="20735538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735538" title="Guanzhou Station">
Guanzhou Station

Guanzhou Station () is a station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 26 December 2005. It is located at the underground of the central of Guanzhou Island () in Haizhu District. It is constructed to cope with the future site of "Guangzhou International Biological Island" () in there, a science and technology development zone led by biological industry.
Before the station opened, no land transport was provided between Guanzhou Island and Guangzhou urban. Only ships were available to provide the transport service for the island.

</doc>
<doc id="20735543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735543" title="Miroslav Savić">
Miroslav Savić

Club career.
Savić previously played for FK Borac Banja Luka, FK Obilić and FK Zemun in the Serbian Superliga. He also had a spell in the Greek Super League with Aris Thessaloniki F.C. during the 1999–00 season.
International career.
Savić made two appearances for the senior Serbia and Montenegro national football team, friendlies against Argentina and Israel during 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20735557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735557" title="Saint Christopher in popular culture">
Saint Christopher in popular culture

Saint Christopher, a 3rd-century Christian venerated by Roman Catholics and Orthodox Christians, has been adapted to a number of settings in popular culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20735570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735570" title="Ted Stewart">
Ted Stewart

Brian Theadore "Ted" Stewart (born 1948 in Logan, Utah) is a United States district judge sitting on the United States District Court for the District of Utah.
Early life and education.
Born in Logan, Utah, Judge Stewart received a B.S. from Utah State University in 1972 and a Juris Doctor from the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah.
Professional career.
From 1974 until 1980, Stewart worked in private legal practice in Salt Lake City. He then served as an assistant to Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch in 1980, and then worked as an administrative assistant to U.S. Rep. James V. Hansen from 1981 until 1985. From 1985 until 1992, Stewart was a commissioner on the Public Service Commission of Utah. From 1993 until 1998, Stewart served as the executive director of Utah's Department of Natural Resources.
From 1998 until becoming a federal judge in 1999, Stewart served as a chief of staff to then-Utah Gov. Mike Leavitt.
Nomination to federal district court, filibuster and confirmation.
In mid-1999, President Bill Clinton nominated Stewart to federal district court to fill a seat vacated by Judge J. Thomas Greene, who had taken senior status in November 1997. Clinton, a Democrat, nominated Stewart, a Republican, because Stewart was a friend of Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah, and Hatch at that time was the chairman of the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary. Clinton did so as a courtesy to Hatch, hoping the gesture would encourage Republican senators to act to confirm many of the president's languishing judicial nominees.
However, Hatch demanded that Stewart be confirmed before senators could consider other judicial nominees. That enraged Senate Democrats, who refused to allow for a vote on Stewart. That prompted Republican senators to take the very rare move of filing for cloture on the nomination of a federal district judge. On September 21, 1999, Democrats unified to successfully filibuster Stewart's nomination, in a 55-44 party-line vote on the Senate floor that may well have been the only successful filibuster ever on a federal district court nominee.
Two weeks later, Democratic and Republican senators announced a deal that paved the way for votes on the nominations of Stewart and two other judicial nominees. On October 5, 1999, the Senate vote 93-5 to confirm Stewart.
Federal judicial service.
Stewart received his judicial commission on November 11, 1999.
Stewart made the initial ruling in favor of the terms-of sale restrictions on the easement in the LDS plaza by the Salt Lake Temple.
He became chief judge of the United States District Court for the District of Utah in 2011.
Personal.
Stewart is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="20735577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735577" title="Eugene Wason">
Eugene Wason

Eugene Wason (26 January 1846 – 19 April 1927) was a Scottish lawyer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in three periods between 1885 and 1918.
Family.
Eugene Wason came from a Liberal family. His father, brother and son-in-law, were all Liberal Members of Parliament. His father was Rigby Wason sometime MP for Ipswich, his brother was Cathcart Wason the MP for Orkney and Shetland from 1900–1921 (and previously an MP in New Zealand 1876-79), first elected as a Liberal Unionist but later switching to the Liberals and his daughter Minna married John William Crombie who was MP for Kincardineshire from 1892-1908. In 1870, Wason married Eleanor Mary from Dolgelly, the daughter of C. R. Williams, Deputy Lieutenant of Merionethshire. They had three sons and two daughters.
Stature and character.
Wason, like his brother Cathcart, was well over 6 feet tall. He was described by one of the contemporary Speakers of the House of Commons as ‘the largest and tallest man in the House.’ Sir Percy Harris who was Liberal MP for Bethnal Green South West and whose father was a close friend of Wason’s has recorded that Eugene and Cathcart were giants, Eugene being thick set and heavy while Cathcart was willowy and thin. Harris related that the story always told about Eugene was that if he stepped on a weighing machine the hands would go on until they could no farther as he topped the maximum 20 stone mark on the dial. Not surprisingly, according to Harris, Eugene was fond of his food and wine,) although he was also a keen sportsman listing his recreations in Who’s Who in his younger days as football, shooting, rowing, and fishing although in later life these pursuits turned into reading, bridge, backgammon, and the card game picquet.
Education.
Wason was educated first privately in France at Boulogne-sur-Mer, then at Rock Ferry in Cheshire before going to Rugby School. While at Rugby, Wason served in the School Rifle Corps, achieving the rank of Lieutenant. He later became a member of the 8th Ayrshire Rifle Volunteers. After Rugby, Wason went to Wadham College, Oxford where he gained a BA degree in 1868 and an MA in 1870. While he was a student at Oxford, Wason rowed in Trial Eights in 1865 and 1866 and was Captain of Wadham College Boat Club. He was also winner of the University foils for 1868.
Career.
Wason’s chosen professions were the law and politics. He was called to the Bar by the Middle Temple in 1870 and practised on the Northern Circuit. Whether he did not at first take to being a barrister or perhaps just to gain greater legal experience, in 1872 Wason was disbarred as a barrister at his own request in order to become a solicitor. He was admitted as a solicitor in 1876, becoming a partner in Williams, James & Wason until 1885. Again at his own request, Wason was struck off the Rolls in 1886, ceasing to be a solicitor, in order to gain readmission as a member of the Bar the following week. This was deemed a unique experience, Wason having been both disbarred and struck off the Rolls, but each time at his own request. From 1878-1882, Wason served as Assistant Examiner to the Incorporated Law Society in Common Law.
Politics.
MP for South Ayrshire.
Wason was first elected to Parliament at the 1885 general election for the constituency of Ayrshire South. This was his local seat as his home was at Blair, Dailly, a village in the county. He held the seat only until the 1886 election when he lost to a Liberal Unionist but regained it at the 1892 general election and then served as its MP until 1895 when he again forfeited the seat to a Liberal Unionist, Sir William Arrol.
MP for Clackmannanshire and Kinross-shire.
Wason returned to Parliament in December 1899. The sitting Liberal MP for Clackmannan and Kinross, J B Balfour became a judge and resigned his seat. Wason was selected as Liberal candidate and fighting the by-election against the background of the war in South Africa he managed to hold the seat, beating his Conservative opponent George Younger albeit by a marginally reduced majority of 516 - down from 545 at the previous general election.
After his by-election victory, Wason retained his Clackmannan and Kinross seat at the 1900 general election in a straight fight with the Conservatives by a majority of 351. In the Liberal landslide election of 1906 he increased his majority over the Conservatives to 1,379 and in January 1910 he maintained his advantage by a majority of 1,268. In December 1910 he was returned unopposed. By 1918 Wason was 72 years old and decided to retire from Parliament at the next election. He therefore stood down from Parliament at the 1918 election.
Scottish MP.
Wason became a veteran MP, serving nearly 25 years in all. He was Chairman of the Scottish Liberal members for ten years from 1908-1918 and was always a keen supporter of Scottish interests. He spoke in Parliament in favour of Home Rule for Scotland. He presided at the meeting of Scottish Liberal members at the House of Commons which urged the government to implement the motion passed at the Scottish National Liberal Council at Dunfermline on 22 October 1910 which called for Home Rule to enable Scottish reforms to be carried through, adapted to the traditions, circumstances and aspirations of the Scottish people. He served as Honorary President of the Scottish Chamber of Agriculture and later led a deputation of Scottish Liberal MPs to prime minister H H Asquith in his room at the House of Commons on 25 April 1912 urging the introduction of a Bill for Scottish self-government in the next Session. According to another source the delegation saw the prime minister again on 6 May 1912 and, while agreeing there was no groundswell of opinion in Scotland for home rule, there was ‘concern and disgruntlement at the general neglect of Scottish affairs’ and they told Asquith they were worried this might escalate if not dealt with through an element of devolution.
Radical MP?
In the obituary of Wason written for The Times newspaper, he was described as a political Radical. He was said to be a frequent speaker in the House of Commons (unlike his brother Cathcart) and usually gave expression to advanced radical views. On one important radical issue of the day, women’s suffrage, he himself claimed to have always voted in favour. His support of Home Rule all Round was also indicative of radical sentiments. However after he left Parliament, in the days when the old Liberal tradition was collapsing under the strains and stresses of party splits, the confusion of the electorate as to Liberal policy and the massive expansion of the electorate as a result of the Representation of the People Act 1918, Wason’s radicalism was tested. At the general elections of 1923 and 1924 in Wason’s home area of South Ayrshire no Liberal candidate could be persuaded to stand, leaving a straight fight between Labour and Conservative parties.
Faced with this choice at a time of polarisation in British politics, with Liberalism at a low ebb in Ayrshire Wason supported the Conservative.
Other political and public offices.
In July 1902, Wason was appointed to be a member of the important Select Committee on National Expenditure. Other members appointed at that time included Winston Churchill, Andrew Bonar Law and Austen Chamberlain.
In 1907, Wason was created a Privy Councillor after which he was able to be termed The Right Honourable and was eligible to receive sensitive government information on highly confidential terms.
In June 1915 he was appointed by the then Secretary for Scotland Thomas McKinnon Wood as Chairman of a Committee on Food Production in Scotland (under the auspices of the Board of Agriculture for Scotland) to make recommendations about maintaining and increasing food production on the assumption the war would last beyond the harvest of 1916. He also served as a member of the Committee on the Scottish National War Memorial. In 1917 he was made a Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Ayrshire and was for some years a Justice of the Peace in Ayrshire.
Travel.
Wason enjoyed foreign travel throughout his life and twice went round the world; in 1886–87 by India, China, Japan, San Francisco, and America, and in 1896–97 by Australia, New Zealand, Fiji, Hawaii, Vancouver, and Canada. His overseas vacationing landed him in serious difficulty at the outbreak of the First World War. In the Summer of 1914, Wason was on holiday in the Spa resort of Marienbad (now called Marianske Lazne) in what was then the Austro-Hungarian Imperial province of Bohemia (now the Czech Republic). He was detained there as an enemy alien until September when he was allowed to travel to neutral Switzerland along with 200 other British subjects who had been taking the waters there and at the other nearby Spa town of Karlsbad (now called Karlovy Vary). He arrived in Geneva on 4 September and from there returned to England.
Burns Night, 1918.
Wason attended a Burns Night dinner in honour of the Allied Nations at the Criterion Restaurant in London on 25 January 1918 as one of the guests of the London Robert Burns Club. Unfortunately however the guests had to do without the traditional dish of haggis. The haggis had been ordered but owing to the food restrictions in Scotland caused by the war, the necessary ingredients were not available. This was ironical in view of Wason’s previous role as Chairman of the Committee on Food Production in Scotland. The guests had to make do with what The Times newspaper report of the event described as ‘an Italian dish’ (otherwise unspecified) but which was properly piped in by the bagpipes.
Death.
Wason died at his London home in Sussex Gardens, Hyde Park on 20 April 1927 aged 81 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20735584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735584" title="Douglas McDonald (rower)">
Douglas McDonald (rower)

Douglas John McDonald (born May 11, 1935) is a Canadian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20735586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735586" title="Albiglutide">
Albiglutide

Albiglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1 agonist) drug under investigation by GlaxoSmithKline for treatment of type 2 diabetes.
It is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4-resistant glucagon-like peptide-1 dimer fused to human albumin. 
Albiglutide has a half-life of four to seven days, which is considerably longer than the other two GLP-1 analogs approved for market use, exenatide (Byetta) and liraglutide (Victoza).
It has not yet been determined whether albiglutide is as effective an antidiabetic agent as GLP-1 drugs currently on the market, and final data remains to be published regarding the incidence of adverse effects related to the drug. To evaluate the efficacy and safety of the drug, albiglutide is undergoing eight Phase III clinical trials. Four of these trials should report useful data by end 2010.6
GSK filed for FDA approval on 01/14/2013 and European Medical Agency (EMA) on 03/07/2013. On 08/02/2013 GSK released a press release pushing the marketing date 3 months to 04/15/2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="20735587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735587" title="Huanglong">
Huanglong

Huanglong () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20735598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735598" title="Denis Stracqualursi">
Denis Stracqualursi

Denis Andrés Stracqualursi (born 20 October 1987) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Emelec.
Career.
Stracqualursi started his playing career in 2007 with Unión de Sunchales in the 3rd division of Argentine football. In 2008 he joined Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata, he scored his first goal for the club in a 1–0 win over Colón de Santa Fe.
On 3 February 2010 Stracqualursi scored 2 goals to help Gimnasia win the Clásico Platense 3–1, ending Estudiantes' run of five consecutive victories.
Stracqualursi joined Tigre for the 2010–11 Argentine Primera División season on a one year loan with the option to buy. While Gimnasia struggled to find the net, scoring only 13 goals in total during the 2010 Apertura tournament Straqualursi scored freely for Tigre. His 11th and last goal of the Apertura came in the postponed game with Independiente that was played on 6 February 2011. His tally of 11 goals made him the joint top scorer along with Santiago Silva of Vélez Sársfield, making him the first Tigre player ever to become top scorer in the Argentine Primera División.
Straqualursi continued his good goalscoring form in the Clausura tournament with nine goals in the first ten games including a hat-trick against Boca Juniors at the Bombonera on 17 April 2011 meaning that he had scored the same amount of goals as the whole Gimnasia team combined at that stage of the tournament.
Everton.
In August 2011, Stracqualursi signed a season-long loan deal with Premier League club Everton and was given squad number 11. Stracqualursi made his first appearance as a substitute in a home game against Wigan. He assisted in the third goal of a 3–1 victory. Stracqualursi made his first full start for Everton in a 2–1 League Cup home victory against West Brom. He had to wait until 4 January 2012, to make his first league start as he played the full game in a 2–1 defeat to Bolton Wanderers. Stracqualursi scored his first goal for Everton against Fulham in a 2–1 victory in the 4th round of the FA Cup. In the next game Stacqualursi received a standing ovation from the Goodison Park crowd after his key role in the 1–0 win over league leaders Manchester City. He scored his first Premier League goal in a 2–0 win against Chelsea at Goodison Park on 11 February. Stracqualursi continued his good run of scoring by netting his second goal in the FA Cup and third in five games against Blackpool in the fifth round. Despite only being at the club for one season, Stracqualursi became a cult hero amongst the Everton fans due to his hard work and commitment.
San Lorenzo.
In July 2012, Stracqualursi moved on a free transfer from Tigre to fellow Argentine Primera División side San Lorenzo. His first goal was the winner in a 2–1 league victory over Colón in September. When the league began its two month winter break in December, Stracqualursi had scored seven goals and made four assists in eighteen games to help San Lorenzo to 11th in the league. In April, Stracqualursi was sent off in the 38th minute of a league match against Godoy Cruz with the score at 0–0. The match went on to finish 1–1.
Emelec.
In July 2013, Stracqualursi signed for Ecuadorian Serie A side Club Sport Emelec. He scored two goals on his debut in a league game against Barcelona Sporting Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20735605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735605" title="Tasha Voux">
Tasha Voux

Tasha Voux (born January 13, 1958 in Brooklyn, New York, United States) is a former pornographic actress. She appeared in over 180 movies during the 1980s and 90s. In 2009 she was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20735618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735618" title="Lawrence West (rower)">
Lawrence West (rower)

Lawrence Kingsley West (born 1935) is a Canadian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20735630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735630" title="Volt (disambiguation)">
Volt (disambiguation)

Volt (abbreviated V) is a unit of electric potential and electromotive force, named after Alessandro Volta.
Volt or Volts may also refer to:
See also.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20735647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735647" title="Carlton Ogawa">
Carlton Ogawa

Carlton Susumi Ogawa (August 29, 1934 – September 2006) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was the coxswain of the Canadian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20735668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735668" title="Ollach">
Ollach

Ollach (in Scottish Gaelic, "An t-Olach") is a remote settlement, made up of Lower Ollach and Upper Ollach,
lying on B883 road, south of Portree, Isle of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland. It is in the council area of Highland.
Ollach is opposite Oskaig on the Isle of Raasay, and the nearest settlement of any size is Camastianavaig. The hamlet of Peinachorran and Balmeanach is directly to the south along the B883.

</doc>
<doc id="20735684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735684" title="The Rocket Post">
The Rocket Post

The Rocket Post is a 2004 British drama film directed by Stephen Whittaker and starring Ulrich Thomsen, Shauna Macdonald, Kevin McKidd and Patrick Malahide. It is set on a remote Scottish island during the late 1930s. The arrival of German rocket scientist Gerhard Zucker is not initially welcomed by the inhabitants of the island. 
The film was shot in 2001, but its release was delayed by several years. Additional footage was shot in 2005, and the film was given a limited release in Scotland the following year.
The story is very loosely based on experiments in 1934 by the German inventor Gerhard Zucker to provide a postal service to the island of Scarp by rocket mail. Another fictionalised account of the experiment formed the basis of a 2001 film, also called "The Rocket Post", which was filmed on Taransay. The film's original score was composed by Nigel Clarke & Michael Csanyi-Wills and recorded by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20735685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735685" title="Dance in Israel">
Dance in Israel

Dance in Israel incorporates a wide variety of dance styles, from traditional Israeli folk dancing to ballet, modern dance, ballroom dancing and flamenco.
Modern dance in Israel has won international acclaim. Israeli choreographers, among them Ohad Naharin and Barak Marshall are considered among the most versatile and original international creators working today. 
People come from all over Israel and many other nations for the annual dance festival in Karmiel, held in July. First held in 1987, the Karmiel Dance Festival is the largest celebration of dance in Israel, featuring three or four days and nights of dancing with 5,000 or more dancers and a quarter of a million spectators in the capital of the Galilee. Begun as an Israeli folk dance event, the festivities now include performances, workshops, and open dance sessions for a variety of dance forms and nationalities. Choreographer Yonatan Karmon created the Karmiel Dance Festival to continue the tradition of Gurit Kadman's Dalia Festival of Israeli dance, which ended in the 1960s.
Famous companies and choreographers from all over the world have come to Israel to perform and give master classes. In July 2010, Mikhail Baryshnikov came to perform in Israel.
Folk dancing.
Israeli folk dancing includes folk dances such as the Hora and dances that incorporate the Yemenite step. Israeli folk dance also includes Dabke which is a Middle Eastern dance of the Levant region (Israel, Palestine, Lebanon, Syria) and is a common dance done by mainly the Arab population of Israel however is a most popular dance among Israeli youth. In Hebrew Dabke is known as דבקה "Dabka" which comes from the Arabic term meaning "stomping of feet". The Dance is well down for bringing Israel-Arab culture together. 
Modern dance.
One of the pioneers of modern dance in Israel was Gertrud Kraus, who immigrated to Mandate Palestine in 1935 and formed a modern dance company affiliated with the Tel-Aviv Folk Opera. In 1950-1951, she founded the Israel Ballet Theatre, and became its artistic director.Contemporary dance in Israel is influenced by Israeli folk dance and European traditions. Dance companies include the Kibbutz Contemporary Dance Company, Inbal Dance Theater, Bat-Dor Dance Company and Batsheva Dance Company.
Flamenco.
In 2010, Silvia Duran, an Israeli flamenco dancer, was honored by King Juan Carlos I of Spain for training generations of flamenco dancers at her studio in Tel Aviv, The citation was awarded for her "contribution to the culture of Spain and the Spanish people.
Dance festivals.
The Karmiel Dance Festival has been a yearly event since 1987. The festival is usually held for 3 days and nights in July, and includes dance performances, workshops, and open dance sessions. The festival began as a celebration of Israeli folk dance, but today it features many different dance troupes, attracting thousands of dancers and hundreds of thousands of spectators from Israel and overseas.During the festival there are two major competitions: the Eyal ben Yehoshua choreography competition and a folk dance competition in memory of dancer Asheri Hever.
Dance companies.
The Batsheva Dance Company is an internationally acclaimed dance company based in Tel Aviv. It was founded by Martha Graham and Baroness Batsheva De Rothschild in 1964. From its inception until 1979, the prima ballerina of Batsheva was Rina Schenfeld; she and Rena Gluck were the company's principal dancers for many years. Ohad Naharin has been artistic director since 1990.
The Bat-Dor Dance Company was an Israeli dance company co-founded by Baroness Batsheva de Rothschild and dancer Jeannette Ordman.Bat Dor made its debut in 1968 with Ordman as its leading dancer. The company existed until July 2006.
The Inbal Dance Theater focuses on the dance of ethnic communities in Israel, among them Yemenite Jews, Moroccan Jews, Iranian Jews and Kurdish Jews. The group is known for incorporating biblical themes and an ancient dance language into modern dance moves.The group was founded in 1949 by Sara Levi-Tanai, Jerusalem-born of a Yemenite family.
The Kibbutz Contemporary Dance Company, based in Kibbutz Ga'aton, participates in some 200 performances a year in Israel and overseas.
The Rina Schoenfeld Dance Theater, founded in 1978, developed an eclectic blend of Bauhaus ideology, theater, modern dance and ballet which used physical objects to "guide the imagination to places beyond dance."
The Israel Ballet, which performs classical and neo-classical ballets, was founded in 1967 by Berta Yampolsky and Hillel Markman. In 1975, the troupe performed George Balanchine's Serenade, bringing the company international acclaim. After watching a performance in New York, Balanchine granted the Israel Ballet permission to perform his works free of charge.
The Adama Dance Company, established by Liat Dror and Nir Ben Gal, is based in Mitzpe Ramon. The company has seven dancers and runs a children's dance school.
Dance centers.
Tel Aviv's center for modern and classical dance is the Suzanne Dellal Center for Dance and Theater in Neve Tzedek.
Dance notation.
The Eshkol-Wachman Movement Notation is a notation system for recording movement on paper or computer screen created in Israel by dance theorist Noa Eshkol and Avraham Wachman, a professor of architecture at the Technion.The system is used in many fields, including dance, physical therapy, animal behavior and early diagnosis of autism.

</doc>
<doc id="20735728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735728" title="Józef Biniszkiewicz">
Józef Biniszkiewicz

Józef Biniszkiewicz (; 1875, Czempiń – July 9, 1940, Buchenwald) was a Silesian socialist politician. In 1891 he moved to Berlin, Germany, where he joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). On July 3, 1895, he shifted his party membership to the Polish Socialist Party in Prussia (PPS zp) and would became the chairman of the PPS zp branch in Berlin, the 'Polish Socialist Society' ("Towarzystwa Socjalistów Polskich"). He was the editor of "Gazeta Robotnicza" ('Workers' Gazette') between May and October 1896. Towards the end of the 1890s he opened a workshop in Berlin.
In 1906 he moved to Kattowitz, where he revived "Gazeta Robotnicza". In Upper Silesia, he differed with the German socialists on the issue of the Polish national question. In 1905 he had opposed the PPS zp becoming a part of SPD.
In 1922 he became a member of the Silesian Sejm on behalf of the Polish Socialist Party (PPS), and until January 17, 1928 he was the leader of PPS regional organization in Upper Silesia. In April 1928 he was expelled from the PPS for not supporting the opposition of PPS against the Józef Piłsudski government. After being expelled he formed a new party, the Silesian Socialist Party. His group was able to take over the regional PPS organ, "Robotnik Śląski" ('Silesian Worker'). The Silesian Socialist Party, which was seen as pro-"Sanacja", did however fail to make any major political impact.
In his later years, Biniszkiewicz settled in Tarnowitz and became a liquor merchant. He was captured by German forces during World War II, and died in the Buchenwald concentration camp.

</doc>
<doc id="20735750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735750" title="Bobby Sheen">
Bobby Sheen

Bobby Sheen (May 17, 1941 – November 23, 2000) was an American rhythm and blues singer.
Biography.
Born Robert Joseph Sheen in St. Louis, Missouri, Sheen is best known for singing with Bob B. Soxx & the Blue Jeans who had their biggest hit "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" in 1962 (which was produced by Phil Spector). Sheen has also recorded with other groups including The Robins, The Lovables, The Ding Dongs, and The Alley Cats. He would later join Bobby Nunn's group of The Coasters and recorded an album with the group called "Coasting" in 1979, which was released on Sheen's own record label, Salsa Picante Records. When Bobby Nunn died in 1986, Nunn's group of The Coasters still toured with Sheen and Billy Richards, Jr. as members.
He died from pneumonia in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="20735765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735765" title="CaNickel">
CaNickel

CaNickel Mining Limited () is a junior mining company, headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. In 2008, Crowflight Minerals was in the process of opening the Bucko Lake nickel mine near Wabowden, Manitoba, which would produce 1,000 tonnes per day of ore, which will be concentrated to 11.1 million pounds of nickel concentrate per year.

</doc>
<doc id="20735787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735787" title="Mellon Charles">
Mellon Charles

Mellon Charles () is a remote crofting village on the north east shore of Loch Ewe in Achnasheen, Ross-shire Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The village of Ormiscaig is located less than one mile along the coast road. 

</doc>
<doc id="20735833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735833" title="Buckingham Archeological Site">
Buckingham Archeological Site

Buckingham Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Berlin in Worcester County, Maryland. It is one of the few known Woodland period village sites in the coastal marsh areas of the Atlantic Coast section of Maryland. The site falls within the general vicinity of an Assateague Indian town. It is located four miles east of the Sandy Point Site, both including the southernmost reported occurrence of Townsend Series ceramics on the coastal section of the Eastern Shore.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20735877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735877" title="McGregor Plateau">
McGregor Plateau

The McGregor Plateau is a sub-plateau of the Fraser Plateau, the northernmost major subdivision of the Interior Plateau spanning the inland regions of the Pacific Northwest. Located in British Columbia, Canada, to the east of the city of Prince George, British Columbia, the McGregor Plateau lies between the main spine of the Northern Rocky Mountains on the east and the Fraser River on the west, beginning on its southeast at the confluence of the Torpy River with the Fraser and running northwest, parallel to the Fraser and the Rockies, to end in the area of the Arctic and Pacific Lakes to the north of the great bend in the Fraser River just upstream from and to the northeast of Prince George. The McGregor Plateau is very mountainous in character and includes several large rivers, the largest being the McGregor River and Herrick Creek. Included in the McGregor Plateau is the McGregor Range, which lies between the McGregor and Torpy Rivers.
The plateau's name commemorates Captain James Herrick McGregor PLS, who died at the Second Battle of Ypres during World War I on April 25, 1915, in service with the 16th Battalion Canadian Highland Brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="20735878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735878" title="Hoddlesden">
Hoddlesden

Hoddlesden is a village in the unitary borough of Blackburn with Darwen, in Lancashire, England. The village has a population of approximately 1,300. It is in the borough's East Rural ward, and is situated east of Darwen. To the north there are the parishes of Eccleshill and Yate and Pickup Bank, to the east there is Haslingden Grane, part of the West Pennine Moors, and to the south-west there is Blacksnape, a small hamlet.
Although the village is now a residential area, with its residents commuting to places such as the nearby towns of Blackburn and Darwen, in the 19th and early 20th century, local industries included weaving and coal mining.
Between 1901 and 1936 the village was also on a tram route operated by the local authorities of the two towns. Hoddlesden was also served by a railway line, a branch of the Ribble Valley Line north of Darwen. The line, opened by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in 1876, only had goods trains, as petitions by local residents for a passenger service were unsuccessful. The section that served Hoddlesden closed in 1950.
A mill was operated by Vernon Carus, a manufacturer of healthcare products, until 2003. There had been plans to convert it into apartments until, in 2008, the building was destroyed in a fire.
Hoddlesden is part of the Rossendale and Darwen constituency.  Jake Berry has been the Member of Parliament for Rossendale and Darwen since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20735902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735902" title="Housing in Glasgow">
Housing in Glasgow

Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom is known for its tenements. These were the most popular form of housing in 19th and 20th century Glasgow and remain the most common form of dwelling in Glasgow today. Tenements are commonly bought by a wide range of social types and are favoured for their large rooms, high ceilings and original period features. The Hyndland area of Glasgow is the only tenement conservation area in the UK and includes some tenement houses with as many as six bedrooms.
Like many cities in the UK, Glasgow witnessed the construction of high-rise housing in tower blocks in the 1960s. These were built to replace the decaying tenement buildings originally built for workers who migrated from the surrounding countryside, the Highlands, and the rest of the United Kingdom, particularly Ireland, in order to feed the local demand for labour. The massive demand outstripped new building and many, originally fine, tenements often became overcrowded and unsanitary. Many developed into the infamous Glasgow slums, such as the Gorbals. Efforts to improve this housing situation, most successfully with the City Improvement Trust, cleared the slums of the old town. Subsequent urban renewal initiatives, such as those motivated by the Bruce Report, entailed the demolition of slum tenement areas, the development of new towns on the periphery of the city, and the construction of tower blocks. The areas surrounding these tower blocks lacked basic amenities, were poorly designed and cheaply built. As demonstrated elsewhere in the UK, such buildings gradually deteriorated, attracting crime and fostering a reputation for being undesirable low cost housing. 
The policy of tenement demolition is now considered to have been short-sighted, wasteful and largely unsuccessful. Many of Glasgow's worst tenements were refurbished into desirable accommodation in the 1970s and 1980s and the policy of demolition is considered to have destroyed many fine examples of a "universally admired architectural" style. The Glasgow Housing Association took ownership of the housing stock from the city council on 7 March 2003, and has begun a £96 million clearance and demolition programme to clear and demolish many of the high-rise flats.

</doc>
<doc id="20735914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735914" title="Fajã dos Cubres">
Fajã dos Cubres

Fajã dos Cubres is a cliff and may be one of the most beautiful and exotic cliffs in the island of São Jorge, Azores. It is located near the parish of Ribeira Seca and the municipality of Calheta.
Its name (of this cliff) comes from a plant with small yellow flowers, its scientific name is "Solidago sempervirens". It is in the north coast of the island. It has a small road connecting the open road near the rock, paved in 1993. This street passes a large number of bridges frequently visited by tourists along with fajã da Caldeira de Santo Cristo.
Fishers around the whole island relocated to Lagoa dos Cubres and serves among the fishes including halibut?. It is used small nets for catching fishes. The lagoon is made up of salt water, subject to mammals and makes up of its water used for oxygen for mammals. Fishers, that name among local as young mullets, Vegetation also dominates richly around the water sides. By the edges of the lagoon, on the field, rich in plants includingjuncus.
The small settlement was completely in the earthquake of July 9, 1757. It was later rebuilt for a few years, it suffered large damages during the earthquake in 1980.
Its properties went, appearedly with vicissitudes on rebuilding houses and really presented with the aspects with commodities of modern time and presents an inner comfort without characterizing a unique countryside within the bluff. It has for many times a primary school and has some students. People around the nearby parishes features farmlands and includes many products. Corn, winery, potatoes, tomatoes and cattle are common in the area. . In the winter, some animals from Norte Pequeno and Ribeira Seca hibernate.
The bluff features a port, boats fishes several times. Fishes are used with a rock on a boat with a can and its nets, this is now prohibited and other uses are requited. Mullets, anchovies and some others are abundant.
This bluff was creted with several streams with a permanent course. In the Ribeiras de José Inácio, do Grotão and dos 

</doc>
<doc id="20735933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735933" title="Guy Landry Hazoumé">
Guy Landry Hazoumé

Guy Landry Hazoumé (born 1940) is a Beninese politician. He was the foreign minister of Benin from 1987 to 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20735941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735941" title="USCGC Sturgeon Bay (WTGB-109)">
USCGC Sturgeon Bay (WTGB-109)

USCGC "Sturgeon Bay" (WTGB 109) is the newest of the United States Coast Guard 140-foot Bay class cutters. Homeported in Bayonne, New Jersey, the primary missions of "Sturgeon Bay" and her crew are Domestic Icebreaking and Ports, Waters, & Coastal Security. During the winter months, "Sturgeon Bay" is responsible for providing Search and Rescue capabilities to the ice-covered areas in New York City and the Hudson Valley, as well as throughout coastal New England. The cutter also facilitates the safe navigation of commercial product, including gasoline and heating oil, through the ice-choked Hudson River from New York City to Albany. All Bay class cutters, including "Sturgeon Bay", use a low-pressure-air hull lubrication or bubbler system that forces air and water between the hull and ice. This system improves icebreaking capabilities by reducing resistance against the hull, reducing horsepower requirements.
In addition to ice breaking, "Sturgeon Bay" is heavily involved in providing waterside security for the port of New York/New Jersey, the busiest port on the East Coast. "Sturgeon Bay" is also responsible for monitoring vessel traffic, enforcing boating regulations for recreational and commercial vessels, and acting as lead security for high profile events in the port.
"Sturgeon Bay" is crewed by 18 personnel, consisting of 15 enlisted members and 3 officers. She was built by Bay City Marine in San Diego, CA, launched on 12 September 1987, and commissioned on 20 August 1988. Her overall length is 140 feet with a beam of 37 feet, displacing 662 tons.

</doc>
<doc id="20735965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735965" title="Sandy Point Site">
Sandy Point Site

The Sandy Point Site, or Sandy Point Archeological Site, is an archaeological site near Ocean City in Worcester County, Maryland. It contains the southernmost component of the Townsend Series on the Delaware Peninsula. It is also one of the few known Woodland period village sites in this area. These traits are shared by the nearby Buckingham Archeological Site.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20735992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20735992" title="Stephen Whittaker">
Stephen Whittaker

Stephen Whittaker (28 June 19477 February 2003) was a British actor and director. He worked largely in British film and television.
In 2001 he filmed his final project "The Rocket Post", a romantic drama set on a remote Scottish island. The film had severe funding problems, and was eventually released in 2006, three years after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20736014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736014" title="The Book of Lies (Meltzer novel)">
The Book of Lies (Meltzer novel)

The Book of Lies is a novel written by Brad Meltzer which assumes a connection between the story of Cain and Abel and the superhero Superman, written by Jerry Siegel. According to WorldCat, the book is in 2133 libraries The book has been translated into Polish, Hebrew, Italian, German, and Korean. 
Plot synopsis.
The book of Genesis tells the story of the slaying of Abel by his brother Cain; the world's first recorded murder. But the Bible doesn't say what weapon Cain used. That detail is lost to history. In 1932, Mitchell Siegel was killed by three gunshots to the chest. As a result his son dreamed of a bulletproof man and created the world's greatest superhero: Superman. Like Cain's murder weapon, the gun used in this unsolved murder has never been found; until now. In Fort Lauderdale, Cal Harper comes face-to-face with his family's greatest secret: his long-lost father, who's been shot with a gun that traces back to Mitchell Siegel's 1932 murder. When Cal and his father are attacked by a ruthless killer tattooed with the ancient markings of Cain, he learns that the two murders, committed thousands of years apart, have something in common, setting off the hunt for the world's first murder weapon. 

</doc>
<doc id="20736036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736036" title="Kalasalingam University">
Kalasalingam University

Kalasalingam University (Tamil: கலசலிங்கம் பல்கலைக் கழகம்) is located in Krishnankoil near Madurai in Tamil Nadu, India. The campus is close to the ancient temple town of Srivilliputhur. The tower of the Srivilliputhur temple is used in the emblem of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
History.
Kalasalingam University (formerly Arulmigu Kalasalingam College of Engineering) was established in the year 1984 by the Kalasalingam Anandam Ammal Charities. "Kalvivallal" Thiru T. Kalasalingam, veteran freedom fighter, is the founder chairman. The Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India, New Delhi granted university status. Institutions declared under this section are deemed to be universities. Kalasalingam University is member of ICT Academy of Tamil Nadu, an Initiative of Govt of India, Govt of Tamil Nadu and CII, An IS0 9001 - 2008 Certified Organisation.
Overview.
Kalasalingam University (KLU) is located at the foothills of the Western Ghats in rural setting of Virudhunagar District and is catering to the needs of the downtrodden and rural youth. The University is situated at Krishnankoil, 65 kilometers south of Madurai and 10 kilometers North of Srivilliputhur, in Madurai-Shenkottah National Highway (NH208). The founding philosophy of the Institute is to "Empower Youth", for development through technology.
Courses offered.
It offers Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) and Master of Technology (M.TECH.)degrees in the following fields:
Campus.
University sporting facilities include an athletic track, basketball courts, tennis courts and a football ground. The campus is WiFi enabled and available with SunFire 4800 enterprise server, SunFire T1000 server, 6 numbers of IBM Blade Servers, 4 numbers of Wipro Rack Servers and 6 numbers Desktop Servers (from HP and HCL), and 9 TB storage cater the computing and storage needs of the faculty and students. The central server farm includes file servers, a database server, a mail server, a web server, a backup server, a proxy server, and an e-learning server.
Examination system.
The academic year is divided into two semesters named as Even and Odd. Each semester has two internal exams,one model semester exam and one final exam (semester exam) for all theory subjects. Laboratory courses usually have two internal exams followed by the final exam. Most of the exams are theoretical, similar to other engineering colleges in India. It follows Choice Based Credit System (CBCS) which is followed by leading universities around the world including Indian Institutes of Technologies (IITs).
University status.
The university is approved by the University Grants Commission and is accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).
Centres of Excellences.
TIFAC-CORE in Network Engineering.
TIFAC-CORE in Network Engineering (TCNE) is established based on MoU signed on 14 January 2002. The MoU was signed by Dr. C. Thangaraj, Principal, AKCE and Dr. Y. S. Rajan, Executive Director, Mission REACH in the presence of Dr. M. S. Vijayaragavan, Advisor, O/o PSA to Govt. of India and Mr. K. Sridharan, Secretary, AKCE. This centre is offering consultancy and testing facilities for industries and other user organizations in the field of Network Engineering. TIFAC-CORE in Network Engineering is undertaking Research & Development activities in the field of Computer Networks, Network Security, Embedded Networking and Power Networks.TCNE
n-CARDMATH.
With a view to promoting research, development and advanced training in Discrete Mathematics, Department of Science and Technology, Government of India, New Delhi has initiated steps towards setting up National Centre for Advanced Research in Discrete Mathematics (n-CARDMATH) .
Under [n-CARDMATH] at Kalasalingam University ten sub-projects in the area of Graph Theory and Combinatorial Optimization have been approved by DST. The n-CARDMATH Core Group Research facility (CGRF) in this University include a Library and a Laboratory with high speed computing facilities. Also there is a provision for Visitors Programme.
Dr. S. Arumugam, Senior Professor (Research), Kalasalingam University is the Coordinator of the Project.
Centre Of Biotechnology.
The Centre is challenged with the goals of developing new technologies and processes for the welfare of society, viz. (1) production of functional Biomolecules for the treatment of diabetic retinopathy using nanotechnology; (2) screening of new compounds for inflammatory diseases using molecular immunology; (3) development of novel proteins for medical applications by structural bioinformatics; (4) production of commodity chemicals from renewable sources by GMOs.
Biotechnology
Centre Of Composite Material.
Centre for Composites Materials was established in the year 2009 as an interdisciplinary centre for carrying out teaching, research, design and development in the field of composite materials and their applications. The centre has dedicated laboratories for composite materials processing, materials testing, composite machining and deposition. The centre is taking effort to produce eco friendly high performance materials. This research centre is partially funded by the Department of Science and Technology (DST).Center for Composite Materials Research
Centre for Multifunctional Material Research.
Multifunctional Material Research in Advanced Materials Science & Technology, The development of advanced materials can even lead to the design completely new products including medical implants, miniature energy storage devices, display devices, etc. Multifunctional Materials Research Centre
Sister institutions.
Website : www.aiht.org
Website : www.akcpharmacy.org
Website: www.aktti.org
Website: www.akceducation.org
Website: www.kit-edu.in
References.
5^ http://www.ti.com/ww/in/news_detail/2011/news_detail_20110419.html
6^ http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/tp-tamilnadu/article1775492.ece

</doc>
<doc id="20736049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736049" title="Erato (gastropod)">
Erato (gastropod)

Erato is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Triviidae, the trivias. 
The genus name is taken from the name of the Greek muse Erato.
Species.
Species within the genus "Erato" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20736061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736061" title="McGregor Range">
McGregor Range

The McGregor Range is a mountain range in the Central Interior of British Columbia, located between the main spine of the Rocky Mountains and the Fraser River on the northeast and southwest, and between the Torpy River on its southeast and the McGregor River on its northwest. Though adjacent to the Rockies and very mountainous, the McGregor Range is part of the McGregor Plateau, a subdivision of the Fraser Plateau.

</doc>
<doc id="20736083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736083" title="Karin Krappen">
Karin Krappen

Karin Krappen (born 10 December 1973) is a Dutch female darts player. She is a former winner of the Women's World Darts Trophy and the Women's World Masters. She is nicknamed Dolphin. 
Career.
Krappen made her World Championship debut in 2003, losing in the quarter finals to Francis Hoenselaar. She went one step further in 2004, beating Anne Kirk in the quarter finals but lost in the semis to Trina Gulliver. She then suffered quarter final exits the next three years, losing in 2005 again to Hoenselaar, 2006 to Jan Robbins and 2007 to Apylee Jones. She reached the semi finals in 2008, defeating Rilana Erades in the quarter finals but lost to Gulliver once more.
Krappen won the 2005 Women's World Darts Trophy, beating all the previous former champions along the way, defeating 2002 champion Mieke de Boer in the quarter finals, 2003 champion Gulliver in the semis and 2004 champion Hoenselaar in the final. The ladies competition was discontinued afterwards, making Krappen its last ever winner. 
She reached the final of the Women's World Masters in 2006, beating Julie Gore, Claire Bywaters and Carla Molema before losing once more to Hoenselaar. Krappen won the title in 2007, avenging her defeat of Jones in the World Championships by beating her in the quarter finals and then defeated Gulliver before beating Karen Lawman in the final. 
Krappen originally entered the 2009 Women's World Championship as a non-seeded qualifier, however after Anastasia Dobromyslova withdrew and defected to the PDC Krappen was made the number 4 seed. She defeated qualifier Kirk in the quarter finals before losing to Gulliver again.

</doc>
<doc id="20736106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736106" title="Machine-or-transformation test">
Machine-or-transformation test

In United States patent law, the machine-or-transformation test is a test of patent eligibility under which a claim to a process qualifies to be considered for patenting if it (1) is implemented with a particular machine, that is, one specifically devised and adapted to carry out the process in a way that is not concededly conventional and is not trivial; or else (2) transforms an article from one thing or state to another. 
The test has been articulated recently in "In re Bilski", but dates back to the nineteenth century. The test is articulated also in the patent-eligibility trilogy—"Gottschalk v. Benson", "Parker v. Flook", and "Diamond v. Diehr".
Supreme Court has held that this is not the only test.
The Supreme Court has held that the machine-or-transformation test is not the sole test for the patent-eligibility of processes. The certiorari petition in "Bilski" challenges that proposition. In "Gottschalk v. Benson", the Court expressly reversed the Federal Circuit on this point, stating:
It is argued that a process patent must either be tied to a particular machine or apparatus or must operate to change articles or materials to a “different state or thing.” We do not hold that no process patent could ever qualify if it did not meet the requirements of our prior precedents.
The government had made an argument in its brief in "Benson" that the Court should so hold and that it was impossible to rationalize the case law any other way. The Court, in its ruling, refused or failed to agree with that argument.
Outstanding issues.
The "Benson" and "Bilski" opinions left important details of the machine-or-transformation test unexplained. The details include what kind of transformation is sufficient to confer patent-eligibility and what are the characteristics of a "particular machine" that confers patent-eligibility.
Transformation.
Transformation of an article from one thing or state to another is said to be a clue to patent-eligibility. Thus, in "Benson", the Court stated, "Transformation and reduction of an article `to a different state or thing' is the clue to the patentability of a process claim..." A hundred years earlier, the Court had said, “A process is ... an act, or a series of acts, performed upon the subject matter to be transformed and reduced to a different state or thing."
What is an article?
The "Benson" opinion indicated that the article had to be a physical object, such as a lump of rubber (to be transformed from raw to cured state), a piece of leather (to be transformed from untanned skin to tanned leather), or a pile of flour (to be transformed from coarse to superfine particles). The Federal Circuit’s "In re Schrader" opinion, however, indicated that the article could be an electronic signal representative of a physical parameter, such as an EKG (“electrocardiograph signals representative of human cardiac activity “) or seismogram (“seismic reflection signals representative of discontinuities below the earth's surface”) signal. Thus, the "Schrader" opinion chided the Supreme Court for speaking of physical “articles” rather than “subject matter,” and thus only “imperfectly” reflecting the relevant legal principle. The "Bilski" court appears to adhere to the "Schrader" formulation, rather than that of "Benson", so that it seems to consider a signal transformation patent-eligible when the signal is representative of certain types of physical actions. But a transformation of signals representative of monetary or legal relations does not qualify, given the affirmance of the PTO’s rejection of Bilski’s claim and perhaps the "Bilski" court's treatment of "State Street Bank", as well.
How much of a transformation is needed?
Judge Rader asked in his "Bilski" dissent, “What form or amount of ‘transformation’ suffices?” The court did not answer his question. It may be that a “substantial” physical or chemical change of properties that is material to the objectives of the invention is required, but this is still to be resolved.
A “particular machine”.
"Benson" and "Bilski" speak of the process being tied to “a particular machine” while "Flook" says that the mechanical implementation of a natural principle must be “inventive”:
Even though a phenomenon of nature or mathematical formula may be well known, an inventive application of the principle may be patented. Conversely, the discovery of such a phenomenon cannot support a patent unless there is some other inventive concept in its application.
In "Flook" the implementation was conceded to be conventional and no departure from the prior art. Therefore, the principle with or plus a conventional implementation was patent-ineligible. The "Flook" Court also cited and relied on the same principle as being illustrated in "Funk Brothers Seed Co. v. Kalo Inoculant Co.," in which the natural principle was implemented in a manner so trivial on its face that the patent on the implementing article of manufacture was tantamount to a patent on the natural principle. 
This aspect of the machine-or-transformation test remains an uncertain and controversial issue, as it remains "unclear whether tying a process to a general purpose computer is sufficient to pass the machine-or-transformation test" and it has not been authoritatively determined whether use of the "programmed computer claim format" overcomes the patent-eligibility problem. The Federal Circuit's "Bilski" opinion explicitly left the question unresolved. In the opening words of the "Benson" opinion, however, this statement occurs:
Respondents filed in the Patent Office an application for an invention which was described as being related "to the processing of data by program and more particularly to the programmed conversion of numerical information" in general purpose digital computers. ...The claims were not limited to any particular art or technology, to any particular apparatus or machinery, or to any particular end use. They purported to cover any use of the claimed method in a general purpose digital computer of any type.
Arguably, this language disposes of the issue. Some pre- and post-"Bilski" decisions of the PTO appellate board (BPAI) take the position that a programmed general-purpose digital computer is not a “particular machine,” and that corresponding "Beauregard" claims to an encoded medium are equally nonstatutory.
In "CyberSource Corp. v. Retail Decisions, Inc.", a California federal district court held that limitation of a process to implementation "over the Internet" does not satisfy the machine-or-transformation test. First, the Internet is not a "particular machine." The Internet is an intangible abstraction. Second, the limitation to a particular technological environment is a mere field-of-use limitation, which does not suffice under sec. 101. Third, the use of the Internet does not impose meaningful limits on the preemptive scope of the claims. The same court held that a ""Beauregard"" claim directed to the instructions for performing a method that does not pass the machine-or-transformation test will also fail to pass that test. The court pointed out that the PTO appellate board had similarly interpreted "Bilski".
Another imperfectly resolved issue is whether the machine-or-transformation test is narrowly misnamed, since the relevant case law includes comparable implementations of natural-principle processes with other types of physical object besides a machine. In "Funk", on which "Flook" relied, the implementation of the natural principle was with a package — an article of manufacture. There is no principled reason why a natural-principle process must be implemented physically with a machine and not with an article of manufacture or composition of matter. The test explained in "Bilski" thus should be regarded as a "physical object or transformation" test or a device-or-transformation test.
Is satisfying the test a necessary condition for patent-eligibility, a sufficient condition, both or neither?
It is debatable whether "In re Bilski" makes the machine-or-transformation test a necessary condition for patent-eligibility, a sufficient condition, or both a necessary and sufficient condition. The "Bilski" opinion "seems" to declare a rule that a claimed invention is patent-eligible "if and only if" it satisfies the machine-or-transformation test. Both prongs of if-and-only-if have been challenged. 
An example illustrating the proposition that satisfying the machine-or-transformation test is not a sufficient condition for patent-eligibility occurs in U.S. Pat. No. 6,701,872. This patent covers a method and apparatus (machine) for entertaining a cat by using a moving laser beam (relatively high technology). The method is implemented with a “particular machine”—“a rotating laser source mounted directly on a shaft driven directly by a motor mounted on a portable pedestal” (method claim 14). But it is debatable whether entertaining a cat may be considered a useful Art, and some may argue that this “discovery” is not the kind of discovery that the Patent Clause contemplates.
Attempts have been made, also, to describe processes that fail to satisfy the machine-or-transformation test but nonetheless seem clearly to be patent-eligible.
A method of removing dirt from a soiled garment, comprising:
placing a soiled garment in flowing water; andshaking said garment for at least five minutes.
The question has been raised, also, whether beating the garment with a stick constitutes use of a "particular machine." That question is illustrated by the following hypothetical claim that is a variation on the preceding example:
A method of removing dirt from a soiled garment, comprising:
submerging a soiled garment in water; and
beating said garment for at least five minutes with a stick. 
The point of this type of analysis is that the machine-or-transformation test does not work for all cases. There are some unusual outliers that satisfy the test but are patent-ineligible and some that do not satisfy the test but are patent-eligible.
The "corollaries".
"Bilski" points out, and the PTO recently emphasized in a memorandum to its Examining Staff, that there are two "corollaries" to the machine-or-transformation test. First, a mere field-of-use limitation is generally insufficient to make an otherwise ineligible method claim patent-eligible. The PTO Guidance Memo explains that “means the machine or transformation must impose meaningful limits on the method claim's scope [for it to pass the test.” What makes a limitation meaningful is unstated, but perhaps that concept can be defined in terms of whether the limitation places only an insubstantial limitation on claim scope or preemptiveness.
The second corollary is that insignificant extra-solution activity will not transform an unpatentable principle into a patentable process. The PTO Guidance Memo explains that “his means reciting a specific machine or a particular transformation of a specific article in an insignificant step, such a data gathering or outputting, is not sufficient to pass the test.” It is unclear whether this concept would apply to such acts as gathering temperature data from thermocouples inside a mold or opening the lid of a mold upon the completion of a curing process.
It is reasonable to assume that whether a given step is "insignificant" or "central to" a claimed process will be a controversial issue in post-"Bilski" cases testing the meaning of the machine-or-transformation test.
Possible interaction between the machine-or-transformation test and the exhausted combination doctrine.
It has not yet been explored in litigation whether claiming a computer-related advance as an exhausted combination provides a way to prevent the claimed advance from being classified as nonstatutory subject matter. A so-called exhausted combination claim is one to a device in which a novel group of elements cooperates in a conventional manner with some old elements—for example, a new kind of motor and an old disk drive. Placing a process that fails the machine-or-transformation test in a machine environment overcomes the absence of implementation by a specific machine, as required by "In re Bilski" and the Supreme Court decisions on which it is based.
The format of the processes claimed in "Diamond v. Diehr", "Parker v. Flook", and "Gottschalk v. Benson" illustrate the concept and its practical application. In "Diehr", the claim was to “a method of operating a rubber-molding press” using the Arrhenius equation, and the claim contained at least minimal references to the mold press and other apparatus. The Court held the claim patent-eligible. In "Flook", the claim was to a "method for updating the value of at least one alarm limit," where an “’alarm limit’ was a number.” The claim said nothing about a chemical reaction vessel or even temperature measuring devices. The Court held the claim patent-ineligible. In "Benson", the claim was to “a data processing method for converting binary coded decimal number representations into binary number representations.” One claim mentioned a reentrant shift register and the other claim mentioned no apparatus at all. The Court held both claims patent-ineligible, however, on the ground that the computer-equipment limitation was too trivial to avoid preempting the idea, since the method could not feasibly be used except with a computer.
In "Flook", the claim could have instead been to “a method of operating a hydrocracking plant wherein hydrocarbon feedstock is fed into a chemical reactor, heat is applied, etc.” The claim, although to an exhausted combination, would have required apparatus as did that in the "Diehr" case. Similarly, the claim in "Benson" could have been to a method of operating a telephone switch box or perhaps even a method of providing binary-coded-decimal numerical signals to a binary-coded operating device. Again, by providing a seemingly nontrivial mechanical environment, even though it was just an exhausted combination, the claims drafter might have avoided the holding of nonstatutory subject matter (patent-ineligibility). It is thus possible that careful claims drafting techniques will succeed in elevating form over substance, to avoid the impact of the machine-or-transformation test.

</doc>
<doc id="20736116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736116" title="There'll Be No Teardrops Tonight">
There'll Be No Teardrops Tonight

"There'll Be No Teardrops Tonight" is a 1978 album by country singer Willie Nelson. The name of the album comes from the Hank Williams song of the same name.
This album is composed mostly of tracks previously issued as singles on Liberty in the early 1960s as well as two previously unissued tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20736153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736153" title="Torpy River">
Torpy River

The Torpy River is a tributary of the Fraser River, rising in the Northern Rockies and the McGregor Range, a subdivision of the McGregor Plateau, and forming the boundary between the Rockies and the McGregor Plateau.

</doc>
<doc id="20736184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736184" title="Solidago sempervirens">
Solidago sempervirens

Solidago sempervirens (seaside goldenrod) is a plant species in the genus "Solidago" of the Asteraceae family. It is native to eastern North America and parts of the Caribbean. It is an introduced species in the Great Lakes region and the Azores. 
Description.
"S. sempervirens" is a succulent, herbaceous perennial that reaches heights of 4–6 feet. Leaves are entire (toothless) and glabrous (hair-less), thicker than those of most other species in the genus. Flowers are found in radiate heads, which make up a terminal, paniculiform inflorescence with recurved-secund branches. This species blooms in late summer and well into the fall. Its fruits are wind-dispersed achenes.
They are yellow often, and have sprouts of buds at the end of the short branches.
Distribution and habitat.
In nature, "S. sempervirens" is primarily a plant of the seashore, and is accordingly found along the ocean from Mexico north to Newfoundland. It is naturally found inland along the St. Lawrence Seaway and the Great Lakes, and has expanded its range further inland along roadsides over the past 30 years. It is highly tolerant of both saline soils and salt spray, and is usually found growing on coastal dunes and in salt marshes.
Ecology.
"S. sempervirens" is a seashore plant with a high salinity tolerance. It is occasionally cultivated as an ornamental, preferring sunny locations with sandy soil, with little competition from other species.

</doc>
<doc id="20736235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736235" title="Almon W. Babbitt">
Almon W. Babbitt

Almon Whiting Babbitt (9 October 1812 – c. 7 September 1856) was an early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement, a Mormon pioneer, and the first secretary and treasurer of the Territory of Utah. He was killed in a raid by Cheyenne Native Americans in Nebraska Territory while travelling on government business between Utah and Washington, D.C.
Early life and church service.
Babbitt was born in Cheshire, Massachusetts. He graduated from Ohio State University at Cincinnati and became licenced to practice law in six states. He married Julia Ann Johnson on 23 November 1833 and is thought to have joined the Latter Day Saint church sometime in 1833. In 1834, he was a member of Zion's Camp, and on 28 February 1835 he was ordained as one of the first seventies in the church by Joseph Smith, Jr. Babbitt later became a high priest in the church.
In 1837 and 1838, Babbitt was a missionary for the church in Upper Canada. He attempted to move to Missouri in 1838 but was among the Latter Day Saints who were driven out by unfriendly residents, eventually settling in Nauvoo, Illinois. At a conference of the church in May 1839, Babbitt, Robert B. Thompson, and Erastus Snow were appointed to be a traveling committee that was charged with "gatherup and obtain[ing all the libelous reports and publications which had been circulated against the Church."
In 1841, Babbitt was appointed as the president of the church's Kirtland Stake, where he was charged with shepherding the Latter Day Saints who did not have the financial resources to move to Nauvoo. In 1843, Babbitt's tenure ended in Kirtland and he began actively practicing law in Nauvoo; he was frequently employed to defend Latter Day Saints in legal disputes. While in Nauvoo, Babbitt was also selected by Joseph Smith, Jr. to become a member of two select groups: the Anointed Quorum and Council of Fifty.
In 1844, Babbitt was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives. In February 1846, Babbitt, Joseph L. Heywood and John S. Fullmer were together given charge over the affairs of the church in Nauvoo after the departure of the church apostles. After the Battle of Nauvoo in September 1846, Babbitt and the two other men signed the treaty that "surrendered" the city of Nauvoo's charter.
Utah political leader.
In 1848, Babbitt emigrated to Utah Territory to join the gathering of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), led by Brigham Young. In Utah, Babbitt, a Democrat, became involved in politics. In 1849, he was selected by the provisional General Assembly of the State of Deseret to travel to Washington, D.C. and petition for statehood on behalf of the Assembly. Instead, the federal government created the Territory of Utah and in 1853 Babbitt was appointed secretary and treasurer of the territory. In this position, Babbitt had frequent clashes with Brigham Young, the territorial governor and the president of the LDS Church. These clashes have been attributed in part to Babbitt's tendency to view himself as a representative of the United States federal government rather than an enabler of Young's pro-LDS Church policies.
Babbitt led a company of Mormon pioneers to Utah in 1851.
Conflict with Latter Day Saint leaders.
In addition to his clashes with Brigham Young, Babbitt was involved in a number of conflicts with Latter Day Saint leaders from his early days in the church. On 27 December 1833, Babbitt and his wife were summoned before a disciplinary council on an unspecified complaint; however, when the accusers failed to appear at the council, the charges were dismissed. On 19 August 1835, Babbitt brought before the church's high council on charges that included "not keeping the Word of Wisdom." Babbitt admitted the offence of breaking the Word of Wisdom and stated "that he had taken the liberty to break the Word of Wisdom, from the example of President Joseph Smith, Jun., and others, but acknowledged that it was wrong." The council "reproved" him and "instructed him to observe the Word of Wisdom, and commandments of the Lord in all things".
On 28 December 1835, Joseph Smith, Jr. submitted a complaint before the church's high council that Babbitt had been "misrepresenting" him to a number of Latter Day Saints. Babbitt claimed that Smith was angry with him because he had bested him in a debate. The council decided that Babbitt had spoken falsehoods against Smith; Babbitt confessed that he had "done wrong", but refused to confess that he had lied, and the matter was closed.
Later, Babbitt was disfellowshipped from the church four separate times, in 1839, 1841, 1843, and 1851, but each time was restored to fellowship shortly thereafter. In an 1841 revelation to Joseph Smith, Babbit is singled out for reproof for "aspirto establish his counsel ... [and settup a golden calf for the worship of my people." This was likely a result of Babbitt encouraging Latter Day Saints to settle and remain in the old church headquarters of Kirtland, where he was stake president, as opposed to encouraging Saints to move to Nauvoo, which had been designated by Smith as the new gathering place.
The day before Joseph Smith, Jr. was killed in Carthage Jail, Smith instructed his uncle John Smith to "tell Almon W. Babbitt I want him to come and assist me as an attorney at my expected trial". Upon delivering the message a few hours later, Babbitt told John Smith that "You are too late, I am already engaged on the other side."
Murder victim.
In April 1856, Babbitt left Salt Lake City for Washington, D.C. on his twenty-second trip on government business from Utah to the capital. On August 31, 1856, Babbitt set out from Florence, in Nebraska Territory, for Salt Lake City. When he arrived at Ft. Kearny (not to be confused with present-day Ft. Kearny), Babbitt learned that his freight train of government property had been attacked and looted by Cheyenne Native Americans; two wagon drivers and a child were killed in the raid, and a Mrs. Wilson was taken hostage. She would later be redeemed near Ft. Laramie. Babbitt "stopped a week to gather up what could be found of the scattered property, purchased other teams, obtained drivers and start the train again".
Babbitt traveled ahead of the team in a carriage with "two attendants", Frank Roland and a Mr. Sutherland. About 120 miles west of Ft. Kearny—at Ash Hollow on the Oregon Trail—the three men were attacked on about August 10. Babbitt's obituary in the newspaper he had founded—the "Council Bluffs Bugle"—described how he was killed by a blow to the head by a tomahawk swung by a Cheyenne Indian. Because all three of Babbitt's party were killed, the information must have come from the Cheyennes themselves, or else it is fictional supposition. Upon hearing of his death, Brigham Young commented that Babbitt had "lived like a fool and died like a fool", causing some to suspect that Young or the Mormon Danites were somehow responsible for Babbitt's death. However, it is possible that Young was simply continuing to express his long-standing dislike of Babbitt: in October 1856, Young told the Utah Territorial Legislature, "If Almon Babbitt were here—thank God he is not—he would have found fault with everything."
Family.
Babbitt and his wife Julia were the parents of six children, four of which survived to adulthood. Babbitt also practiced plural marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="20736246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736246" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1974">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1974

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1974 Australian federal election. The election was held on 18 May 1974.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Since this was a double dissolution election, all senators were up for re-election. The first five successful candidates from each state were elected to a six-year term, the remaining five to a three-year term. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending six seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending three seats. The Democratic Labor Party was defending one seat.
Queensland.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending four seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending four seats. The Democratic Labor Party was defending two seats.
South Australia.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending five seats. The Liberal Party was defending five seats.
Tasmania.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending four seats. The Liberal Party was defending four seats. Independent Senator Michael Townley was defending one seat. One seat had been held by Independent Senator Reg Turnbull.
Victoria.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending five seats (although Liberal Senator George Hannan was contesting the election for the National Liberal Party). The Democratic Labor Party was defending two seats.
Western Australia.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending four seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. The National Alliance, an amalgamation of the Country Party and the Democratic Labor Party, was defending two seats. Independent Senator Syd Negus was defending one seat.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is the number of seats contested by that party in the House of Representatives for each state, as well as an indication of whether the party contested the Senate election in the respective state.

</doc>
<doc id="20736251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736251" title="Yichuan">
Yichuan

Yichuan may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="20736261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736261" title="Willin Village Archeological Site">
Willin Village Archeological Site

Willin Village Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Eldorado in Dorchester County, Maryland. The Sussex Society of Archeology and History extensively excavated this site between 1951 and 1953. They identified grooved axes and stemmed points indicating use by Archaic peoples. It was possibly the site of a village during the Late Woodland period.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20736267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736267" title="A.S. Tefana">
A.S. Tefana

Association Sportive Tefana Football, is a football (soccer) club from Faaa, Tahiti, French Polynesia. The club plays their home matches at Stade Louis Ganivet. The club became the second French Polynesian team to have reached the final of the OFC Champions League, which they achieved in 2012.
Recent Seasons.
In 2010 AS Tefana won the Tahitian Championship for the second time in their history, finishing third in the initial league table but won the Championship Play-Off comfortably, finishing nine points ahead of their closest rivals.In the 2010–11 OFC Champions League, Tefana only won one game, over New Zealand's powerhouse Waitakere United.
In 2011, Tefana won their third championship with three rounds remaining. In their return to the O-League, the 2011-12 tournament begun with a record-breaking defeat of 0-10 to Waitakere United. Afterwards Tefana won all its games on the way to the finals, the best result by a Tahitian team since A.S. Pirae featured in the final of the 2006 OFC Club Championship. Auckland City wound up defeating Tefana at the 2012 OFC Champions League Final, with a 2-1 in Auckland and 1-0 in Faaa. They also won the Tahiti Cup, and qualified for the 2011–12 Coupe de France, where they were eliminated by Red Star 93.
In 2012, Tefana lost the Tahitian Championship to AS Dragon, but won the Tahiti Cup. On the 2012-13 Coupe de France, they were defeated by GSI Pontivy. The team also signed a three year partnership with French Ligue 1 team AS Saint-Étienne.

</doc>
<doc id="20736268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736268" title="Foindle">
Foindle

Foindle () is a village on the south shore of Loch Laxford in Lairg, Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The village of Fanagmore is located 0.5 miles to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20736279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736279" title="Justin Townes Earle">
Justin Townes Earle

Justin Townes Earle (born January 4, 1982) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. Earle records with Bloodshot Records and has five released albums from since 2007. He is the son of alternative country artist Steve Earle.
Early life.
Earle grew up in South Nashville, Tennessee, with his mother, Carol Ann Hunter Earle. His father Steve Earle gave Justin his middle name in honor of his mentor Townes van Zandt. He left Justin's mother when Justin was 2.
Career.
Earle played in two Nashville bands, a rock band called the Distributors and a ragtime and bluegrass combo called the Swindlers. Earle spent some time as guitarist and keyboardist for his father's touring band the Dukes.
Earle developed a hybrid style of music by mixing folk, blues and country. In 2007, he released a six-song EP called "Yuma." He then signed a contract with Chicago's Bloodshot Records and he released an album called "The Good Life" in 2008. 
In 2009, Earle co-billed The Big Surprise Tour with Gillian Welch and David Rawlings, Old Crow Medicine Show and The Felice Brothers and released the album "Midnight at the Movies". In September 2009, Earle received an Americana Music Award for New and Emerging Artist of the Year. 
In 2010 he released the album "Harlem River Blues" and the album "Nothing's Gonna Change the Way You Feel About Me Now" in 2012. He also appeared in an episode of the HBO television series "Treme" with his father.
In 2011, Earle received the Americana Music Award for Song of the Year category for "Harlem River Blues". His album of the same name has been described as having a "gently flowing, urban Americana sound, with horns, organ and tangy electric guitar". That year he also contributed a cover of "Maybe Baby" on the 2011 tribute album "Rave On Buddy Holly" and played Newport Folk Festival and the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival. 
The album "Nothing's Gonna Change the Way You Feel About Me Now" was listed at #37 on Rolling Stone's list of the top 50 albums of 2012, saying "The son of country-rock renegade Steve Earle has grown into a songwriter to rival his dad." 
Earle produced Wanda Jackson's album "Unfinished Business" in 2012.
Earle played the Grand Ole Opry in 2008, Historical WSM, South By Southwest (2008–2010, 2012), the historic Beacon Theater (May 2009), Bristol Rhythm and Roots Reunion (September, 2009), Bonnaroo (2009) Bumbershoot (2010), the East Coast Blues & Roots Music Festival (Byron Bay, Australia), 2012, the Bowery Ballroom (March 2010) and the Nelsonville Music Festival (2008 and 2011).
Personal life.
Earle says he was abusing "hard drugs" by the time he was 12 years old. In September 2010 he had a fight with an Indianapolis club owner over a broken mirror and his band's pay. Afterwards he spent the night in jail and a month in an alcohol rehabilitation center.
Earle moved to New York City in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20736288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736288" title="Fraser Plateau">
Fraser Plateau

The Fraser Plateau is an intermontane plateau. It is one of the main subdivisions of the Interior Plateau located in the Central Interior of British Columbia, and includes the Cariboo and Chilcotin Plateaus and the adjoining Marble, Clear and Camelsfoot Ranges on its southwestern edge. It is defined as lying between the Bonaparte River on its southeast, beyond which is the Bonaparte or Kamloops Plateau, part of the Thompson Plateau, and by a line formed by the Dean and West Road Rivers on its northwest (the Nechako Plateau lies to the north of the West Road). Also included in the Fraser Plateau are the Itcha and Ilgachuz Ranges and the adjoining Rainbow Range, which adjoin the Coast Mountains. The Fraser Plateau consists of basaltic lava of the Chilcotin Group, a group of related volcanic rocks that is nearly parallel with the Fraser Plateau.

</doc>
<doc id="20736291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736291" title="Julie Gore">
Julie Gore

Julie Gore (born 5 August 1958) is a Welsh female darts player.
Career.
Gore made her World Championship in 2008, losing in the quarter finals to Trina Gulliver. She later reached the semi finals of the Women's Winmau World Masters, beating Irina Armstrong in the quarter finals before losing to another Russian Anastasia Dobromyslova.
Gore originally entered the 2009 World Championship as the number 4 seed, but following Dobromyslova's defection to the Professional Darts Corporation she was moved up to the number 3 seed. She was drawn against standby qualifier Rilana Erades of The Netherlands in the quarter finals and lost 2-1.
In October 2010 she won her biggest title at the Winmau World Masters beating Francis Hoenselaar 4-1 and repeated the feat in October 2012, defeating Deta Hedman by a scoreline of 4-1 in the final.
Julie qualified for the 2013 BDO World Darts Championship and made it through to the quarter-finals for the 6th year running but was beaten 0-2 by Trina Gulliver

</doc>
<doc id="20736333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736333" title="Ana Lake">
Ana Lake

Ana Lake is a Patagonian lake in the Pali-Aike National Park. Birders frequent this locale to spot the Least Seedsnipe, "Thinocorus rumicivorus", and other avafauna. Lago Ana is situated a few kilometres north of the Pali Aike Crater, a location from which archaeological recovery has evinced evidence of early prehistoric man in this region.
Also Ana Lake is a lake in Ontario, Canada with Geographical coordinates 45°44'16" North and 79°02'24" West.

</doc>
<doc id="20736343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736343" title="Tainhas River">
Tainhas River

Rio Tainhas is a river in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The river flows into the left banks of the Taquari River.

</doc>
<doc id="20736385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736385" title="Edward Rose">
Edward Rose

Edward Rose (August 7, 1849 - 31 December 1904) was an English dramatist and playwright, best known for his adaptations of novels for the stage, mainly "The Prisoner of Zenda". He was also the theatre critic for "The Sunday Times".
Biography.
Edward Rose was born in Swaffham, Norfolk, on 7 August 1849, son of Dr Caleb Rose, F.R.C.S., M.R.C.P. and his first wife, Isabella Morse. He attended Islington Proprietary School and Ipswich Grammar School. He worked in the solicitors firm Cobbold and Yarrington (in Ipswich) for four years, from 1868 to 1872. In 1872 he moved to London.
He began writing plays in 1869, and first had a play produced in London in 1872. ("Our Farm") He was a regular contributor to the Illustrated London News, specifically, the English Homes series, and was the theatre critic for the Sunday Times starting in 1894 and continuing until at least 1897. His greatest success as a playwright came in 1896 with the premiere of his adaption of "The Prisoner of Zenda". He later adapted other works of Anthony Hope, but none reached the same level of success.
He married Elizabeth Ann Gould, and had two daughters, Lucy and Dorothy. His elder daughter, Lucy, died when she was ten, and in her memory Rose endowed a research post at the London School of Economics and paid for the education of a board school girl.
He served for a while as the Vice-President of the Playgoer's Club, and was a member of the Fabian Society. He "took an active interest in the founding of Letchworth Garden City."
In 1902, Rose published "The Rose Reader" "a new way of teaching to read," that used only words that were spelled the way they sounded, in order to develop the love of reading before complicating the process.
Edward Rose died on December 31, 1904, at the age of 55.
Confusion with Edward Everett Rose.
He is sometimes confused or conflated with Edward Everett Rose (1862–1939), an American dramatist also known for dramatizing novels, notably "Richard Carvel" and the Penrod stories of Booth Tarkington.

</doc>
<doc id="20736399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736399" title="Ricardo Cruz (vocalist)">
Ricardo Cruz (vocalist)

Ricardo Cruz is a Brazilian vocalist known for his performances of anime theme songs in Brazil as well being a "part-time" member of Japanese anison supergroup JAM Project. He regularly tours with the band whenever they visit Latin America, and is also featured on several of the group's singles beginning with the B-side of 2005's "Meikyū no Prisoner".
Early life.
In the mid-1990s to early 2000s, Cruz worked as a musician in Brazil, his native homeland. He also worked as a journal writer, typically translating from Japanese to Portuguese and English. He speaks Portuguese and Japanese fluently. In 2003, he met JAM Project's current leader, Hironobu Kageyama at the largest anime convention in Brazil, Anime Friends. Hironobu expressed interest in Ricardo's voice, and gave him a demo. The demo track later won him a position in JAM Project as a secondary member.
Career.
Ricardo participated in-studio with JAM Project for the first time in 2005, starting with "Neppu Cybuster Shippu!". In 2006, he performed as part of the group with the original leader Ichirou Mizuki on another single, "Stormbringer". Shortly after in 2007, he shared the stage for the first time in the group's 4th live concert, "JAM Project JAPAN CIRCUIT 2007 Break-Out".
He wrote the lyrics for the song "Sempre Sonhando ~Yume Oibito~" on JAM Project's 6th best album in 2006, "Get over the Border". In 2009 he collaborated with Wada Kouji to produce a song in Japanese and Portuguese. On September 17, 2010, Ricardo joined up with JAM Project once more for their Reunion concert, where the original members sang with the current members.
Ricardo returned to work with JAM Project in Japan in late 2011 and early 2012 for their "Go! Go! GOING!!" world tour. He wrote the track "Cross World" on Hironobu Kageyama's 2012 album, "Rock Japan".
He is preparing an EP with original songs for 2013. 
Materials.
Appearances.
SONG - Dia de anime (2013)

</doc>
<doc id="20736409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736409" title="Bethlehem Methodist Episcopal Church">
Bethlehem Methodist Episcopal Church

Bethlehem Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist church located at Taylor's Island, Dorchester County, Maryland. It was built in 1857, and is a gable-front common bond brick church across the road from a mid-19th century cemetery. 
The Gothic Revival Victorian church has an octagonal belfry above which is an octagonal dome with a spire superimposed and covered in copper, making it look like an inverted ice cream cone. It is the best example of a mid-19th century Methodist chapel in Dorchester County and retains its original interior.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20736414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736414" title="Brian Surewood">
Brian Surewood

Brian Surewood (real name Brian Gilbert Barnes, born June 1, 1963 in California, United States) is a former pornographic actor. He began appearing in adult films in around 1996 at the age of about 33, and has since appeared in over 1200 movies.
In October 2007 Surewood and another driver were charged with murder and vehicular manslaughter after a road-rage incident that led to the death of a 5-year-old boy, the coma of his infant sister and the mother who lost one leg. He was later sentenced to 11 years in prison. 

</doc>
<doc id="20736423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736423" title="Fodderty">
Fodderty

Fodderty () is a small hamlet, close to Dingwall, Ross-shire in the Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The small hamlet of Bottacks is located 1 mile to the west and just to the east is Brae or Brea, formed in 1777 from the lands (long held by a branch of the Mackenzies) of Davochcarn, Davochmaluag and Davochpollo.
The growing village of Dingwall now encroaches on Fodderty.

</doc>
<doc id="20736492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736492" title="Art Christmas">
Art Christmas

Art Christmas (December 22, 1905September 24, 1961) was a Canadian dance band and jazz musician. For many years during the exciting dance band and jazz era of the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s, Art Christmas was often said to be Britain's leading saxophone player and multi-instrumentalist. In the 1930s and 1940s, young musicians in their teens and early twenties would follow Art all over Britain listening to him play and trying to copy his style, especially on alto saxophone.
Beginning.
Art's professional music career really started when he was 19 years old. He left Canada to play trumpet with the Orchestra, touring all over the United States and then on to Britain. While in Britain, he was given the opportunity to play trumpet with Paul Specht's Canadian Club Orchestra in 1926 and really never looked back. The Melody Maker Magazine detailed this orchestra's strengths by saying: "A ten-piece combination, its members, who are all Canadians, between them account for thirty-five different instruments. There are three vocalists in the outfit. Art Christmas, the first trumpet, is also a red-hot 'dirt' sax player."
Still in Britain, Art went on to play with the New Prince's Toronto Band also in 1926. This band was the resident band at the New Prince's restaurant in Piccadilly. The band was made up of fellow Canadians and was directed by Hal Swain. It was when Hal Swain left the band, that at Alfie Noakes' behest, Art joined and took Hal Swain's place. The band was about to embark on a continental tour but first took some time fulfilling a recording contract again for Columbia. The publication British Dance Bands On Record shows Art playing tenor sax but he doubled on alto sax and trumpet. This band had recorded about 50 titles since November, 1924, but just one more session took place on February 25, 1926, while Art was with them. The band actually left for the continent in August 1926 and by now consisted of Dave Caplan (banjo), Les Allen (clarinet, tenor sax), Ken Kenney (drums), Art Lousley (trumpet), Jack Collins (trombone), John Whittaker (bass), Laurie Day (piano) and of course Art Christmas who played mostly alto sax but doubled on tenor sax, clarinet, trombone and trumpet.(This likely started Art thinking of trying to make a name for himself as a multi instrumentalist even as early as the 1920s). Eventually this band became known as "The Toronto Band from Canada, featuring Art Christmas" and from about the first week in September they played at the Faun des Westens in Berlin. During November they also appeared at The Scala Theatre, assisting the dance pair Annette Mills and Bobby, who were demonstrating the Charleston dance. While in Berlin, Germany, the band recorded about 56 titles for Deutsche Grammophon/Polydor. This band had a very strong jazz component thanks mainly to Art Christmas' style. The German discographer Horst Lange compared it to the California Ramblers in his "Jazz In Deutschland: die deutsche Jazz-Chronik", noting that Art Christmas and other members of the band were familiar with all styles and could play with this special 'American feeling' which pure European musicians and bands were lacking. One of this band's few surviving recordings "I'm Sitting On Top Of The World", is a vigorous effort in the "hot dance" genre and according to the book 'The Lost History Of Jazz In Canada by Mark Miller', "...is distinguished by Art Christmas' alto saxophone solo." Horst Lange's book Discography Of German Dance Music shows the personnel of the band changing considerably, with only Art Christmas, Les Allen, Dave Caplan and Ken Kenney remaining from the band which left Britain. Art worked extensively in Britain and Europe during the late 1920s and led his own band in Budapest, Berlin and London. He was with the Savoy Orpheans for a brief time and then joined Billy Mason in 1930. Art played and recorded with Percival Mackey and Dave Frost during the latter half of 1931 and was now playing baritone sax as well as the other instruments with these groups.
Art's big break.
Art's big break came when he joined the Roy Fox Band in February 1933, staying with this band until 1938. It was while he was with The Roy Fox Band, that Art Christmas became a household name around the music scene in both Britain and Europe. The British music magazine Melody Maker referred to Art as "...the most sought after musician in England" and Art soon became billed as Britain's 'Leading sax and multi-instrumentalist' as he not only played lead alto sax for Roy Fox but was often featured on trumpet, trombone, xylophone, drums, piano and even a routine with the bagpipes and sousaphone...He didn't just play these other instruments but mastered them nearly to the same degree as he had the alto sax and clarinet.
"Art Christmas' alto sax playing is distinguished by a daringly virtuoso style and inventive technique that displays a harmonic and rhythmic sophistication well in advance of his time..."
After Roy Fox was forced to disband due to health problems in 1938, Art worked with Arthur Rosebery from 1938 to 1939, Sid Millward's "Nitwits" and Joe Ferrie in 1939, before joining Jack Jackson (playing with the Jackson band on one recording session in November of that year). From 1940 until late 1946, Art played with his dear friend Jack Payne. The Jack Payne band was just too busy (with BBC shows every week and public performances all over Britain) to do much recording between 1940 and 1944 but there was a session in 1945 that Art played.
For The Fun Of It.
After Jack Payne turned impresario and launched a new variety show called "For The Fun Of It", he asked Art to join up with Donald Peers, Frankie Howerd and Max Bygraves along with many other entertainers. Thus Art's multi instrumentalist stage act began and Art teamed up with his wife Maisie (a dancer and show girl), and "For The Fun Of It" opened at the Sheffield Empire in Sheffield for sixteen weeks, followed by a different major city every week.
Command Performance.
After the extensive run of "For The Fun Of It", Art did some ice shows and some Pantomimes and also led his own "Foulharmonic Orchestra" for the show "Ignorance Is Bliss". One of Art's fondest memories was the performance of "Cinderella" for King George VI and Queen Elizabeth at the Palladium in London.
Warburton Arms.
In 1952, Art was searching for his next adventure and much to the disappointment of his many fans decided to retire from show business and become a publican. He bought "The Warburton Arms" (now known as London Fields) an east end pub in Hackney, London. Art had been away from his mother and father for nearly 30 years and soon after he bought the pub in Hackney, his father died. In 1954, determined not to let his mother die without seeing her again, Art sold the pub and moved back to Canada with his wife Maisie and son Art Jr.
Canada 1954.
After returning to Canada, Art performed a great deal around Kingston and Toronto with his own band from 1955 to 1958 when he decided to try his hand at teaching music at the high school level. He moved to Blind River, Ontario, again with his wife Maisie and his son Art, and taught until his death in 1961 in both Blind River, Ontario and Elliot Lake, Ontario. Although Art was enjoying his new teaching career a great deal, he still had the desire and drive to play. This time he played in and around Elliot Lake, Ontario and for the first time Art Jr. was at his side. The experience of playing with his 15 year old son was the biggest thrill Art had ever experienced in his entire musical career. This experience was short lived however. Art died a year later.
References.
"This article utilizes text from http://www.artchristmas.com/art1.html, a source released under GFDL and CC-BY-SA."

</doc>
<doc id="20736506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736506" title="Taquari River">
Taquari River

Rio Taquari is a river in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20736512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736512" title="568 Group">
568 Group

The 568 Group is a consortium of American universities and colleges practicing need-blind admissions. The group was founded in 1998 in response to section 568 of the Improving America's Schools Act of 1994. 
History.
In response to several prestigious colleges and universities holding "Overlap Meetings" to set similar tuition and financial aid levels, the Justice Department began an antitrust investigation in 1989 and in 1991 filed an Sherman Antitrust Act suit against 57 colleges and universities. While the Ivy League institutions settled, MIT contested the charges on the grounds that the practice was not anticompetitive because it prevented bidding wars over promising students from consuming funds for need-based scholarships and ensured the availability of aid for the greatest number of students. MIT ultimately prevailed when the Justice Department settled the case in 1994.
In 1994, Congress passed the Improving America's Schools Act. Section 568 of this Act that expands upon the issues in the MIT settlement. Section 568 states that is not unlawful under the anti-trust laws for two or more need-blind institutions to agree or attempt to agree:
The amendment specifically prohibits the sharing of any information on the amount or terms of any prospective, individual aid award and makes clear that the exemption does not apply to the awarding of federal financial aid.
Membership.
The following is a list of member institutions, as of 2010:

</doc>
<doc id="20736526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736526" title="Face of a Fighter">
Face of a Fighter

Face of a Fighter is an album by country singer Willie Nelson. It was recorded in 1961 but released in 1978 when Nelson founded his own label company, Lone Star Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20736529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736529" title="Hastings Center Report">
Hastings Center Report

The Hastings Center Report is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal of bioethics. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Hastings Center (Garrison, New York). The editor-in-chief is Gregory Kaebnick. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.550, ranking it fifth out of 17 journals in the category "Medical Ethics", sixth out of 47 journals in "Ethics", 14th out of 37 journals in "Social Sciences Biomedical", and 39th out of 76 in the category "Health Care Sciences & Services".
The journal focuses on legal, moral, and social issues in medicine and the life sciences. It publishes a variety of article types that may take many forms:

</doc>
<doc id="20736534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736534" title="Fuxian">
Fuxian

Fuxian may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="20736541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736541" title="Théodore Holo">
Théodore Holo

Théodore Holo (born 1948) is a Beninese politician. He was the foreign minister of Benin from 1991 to 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20736546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736546" title="Kenya Times">
Kenya Times

The Kenya Times was an English-language newspaper published in Kenya published from 1983 to 2010.
It was first published on 5 April 1983 and was founded by KANU, then the only legal political party in Kenya. The paper was originally known as the Nairobi Times. In 1988, Robert Maxwell, who also published "The Mirror", bought a 45% stake in the paper, the remaining ownership was still held by KANU. The paper was subsequently re-branded and it became the first full-colour newspaper in Kenya. It also launched a Swahili-language sister paper, "Kenya Leo". "Kenya Times" briefly overtook "The Standard" as the second most popular newspaper in Kenya (after "Daily Nation"), but its popularity waned after 1992's general elections, the first multi-party elections in Kenya since the abolition of one-party-system.
"Kenya Times" stopped publication in early June 2010 due to financial difficulties

</doc>
<doc id="20736555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736555" title="Brinsfield I Site">
Brinsfield I Site

Brinsfield I Site, or Brinsfield I Prehistoric Village Site, is an archaeological site near Cambridge in Dorchester County, Maryland. The site was first identified in 1955 by Perry S. Flegel of the Sussex Society of Archaeology & History. It is a late prehistoric archaeological site characterized by shell-tempered pottery and triangular projectile points. The site may provide evidence of prehistoric life on the eastern shore of Maryland during the Late Woodland period, c. 900-1500.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20736559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736559" title="Opinan, Gairloch, Highland">
Opinan, Gairloch, Highland

Opinan () is a fishing village on the west coast of Scotland in Gairloch, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The village of Port Henderson lies directly to the north. 

</doc>
<doc id="20736566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736566" title="Colon (anatomy)">
Colon (anatomy)

The colon is the last part of the digestive system in most vertebrates. It extracts water and salt from solid wastes before they are eliminated from the body and is the site in which flora-aided (large bacterial) fermentation of unabsorbed material occurs. Unlike the small intestine, the colon does not play a major role in absorption of foods and nutrients. However, the colon does absorb water, sodium and some fat soluble vitamins.
In mammals, the colon consists of four sections: the ascending colon, the transverse colon, the descending colon, and the sigmoid colon (the proximal colon usually refers to the ascending colon and transverse colon). The cecum, colon, rectum and anal canal make up the large intestine.
Anatomy.
The parts of the colon are either in the abdominal cavity (intraperitoneal) or behind it in the retroperitoneum. Retroperitoneal organs in general do not have a complete covering of peritoneum, so they are fixed in location. Intraperitoneal organs are completely surrounded by peritoneum and are therefore mobile.
Of the colon, the ascending colon, descending colon and rectum are retroperitoneal, while the caecum, appendix, transverse colon and sigmoid colon are intraperitoneal. This is important as it affects which organs can be easily accessed during surgery, such as a laparotomy.
The taenia coli run the length of the large intestine. Because the taenia coli are shorter than the large bowel itself, the colon becomes sacculated, forming the haustra of the colon which are the shelf-like intraluminal projections.
Arterial supply to the colon comes from branches of the superior mesenteric artery (SMA) and inferior mesenteric artery (IMA). Flow between these two systems communicates via a "marginal artery" that runs parallel to the colon for its entire length. Historically, it has been believed that the arc of Riolan, or the meandering mesenteric artery (of Moskowitz), is a variable vessel connecting the proximal SMA to the proximal IMA that can be extremely important if either vessel is occluded. However, recent studies conducted with improved imaging technology have questioned the actual existence of this vessel, with some experts calling for the abolition of the terms from future medical literature.
Venous drainage usually mirrors colonic arterial supply, with the inferior mesenteric vein draining into the splenic vein, and the superior mesenteric vein joining the splenic vein to form the hepatic portal vein that then enters the liver.
Lymphatic drainage from the entire colon and proximal two-thirds of the rectum is to the paraaortic lymph nodes that then drain into the cisterna chyli. The lymph from the remaining rectum and anus can either follow the same route, or drain to the internal iliac and superficial inguinal nodes. The pectinate line only roughly marks this transition.
Right and Left Colon.
Right colon: consists of the cecum, ascending colon, hepatic flexure, and transverse colon.
Left colon: consists of the splenic flexure, descending colon, sigmoid colon, recto-sigmoid junction, and rectum.
By segment.
Ascending colon.
The ascending colon is one part of four sections of the large intestine. This first section of the large intestine is connected to the small intestine by a section of bowel called the cecum. The ascending colon runs through the abdominal cavity, upwards toward the transverse colon for approximately eight inches (20 cm).
One of the main functions of the colon is to remove the water and other key nutrients from waste material and recycle it back into the body. As the waste material exits the small intestine it will move into the cecum and then the ascending colon where this process of extracting starts. The waste material is moved upwards toward the transverse section of the colon by a process known as peristalsis.
In ruminants, this is known as the spiral colon. The cecum receives the solid wastes of digestion from the ileum via the Ileocecal valve.
Transverse colon.
The transverse colon is the part of the colon from the hepatic flexure to the splenic flexure (the turn of the colon by the spleen). The transverse colon hangs off the stomach, attached to it by a wide band of tissue called the greater omentum. On the posterior side, the transverse colon is connected to the posterior abdominal wall by a mesentery known as the transverse mesocolon.
The transverse colon is encased in peritoneum, and is therefore mobile (unlike the parts of the colon immediately before and after it). Cancers form more frequently further along the large intestine as the contents become more solid (water is removed) in order to form feces.
The proximal two-thirds of the transverse colon is perfused by the middle colic artery, a branch of SMA, while the latter third is supplied by branches of the IMA. The "watershed" area between these two blood supplies, which represents the embryologic division between the midgut and hindgut, is an area sensitive to ischemia.
Descending colon.
The descending colon is the part of the colon from the splenic flexure to the beginning of the sigmoid colon. The function of the descending colon in the digestive system is to store faeces that will be emptied into the rectum. It is retroperitoneal in two-thirds of humans. In the other third, it has a (usually short) mesentery. The arterial supply comes via the left colic artery.
Sigmoid colon.
The sigmoid colon is the part of the large intestine after the descending colon and before the rectum. The name "sigmoid" means S-shaped (see sigmoid; cf. sigmoid sinus). The walls of the sigmoid colon are muscular, and contract to increase the pressure inside the colon, causing the stool to move into the rectum.
The sigmoid colon is supplied with blood from several branches (usually between 2 and 6) of the sigmoid arteries, a branch of the IMA. The IMA terminates as the superior rectal artery.
Sigmoidoscopy is a common diagnostic technique used to examine the sigmoid colon.
Redundant colon.
One variation on the normal anatomy of the colon occurs when extra loops form, resulting in up to five metres longer than normal organ. This condition, referred to as redundant colon, typically has no direct major health consequences, though rarely volvulus occurs resulting in obstruction and requiring immediate medical attention. A significant indirect health consequence is that use of a standard adult colonoscope is difficult and in some cases impossible when a redundant colon is present, though specialized variants on the instrument (including the pediatric variant) are useful in overcoming this problem.
Standing gradient osmosis.
Water absorption at the colon typically proceeds against a transmucosal osmotic pressure gradient. The standing gradient osmosis is the reabsorption of water against the osmotic gradient in the intestines. This hypertonic fluid creates an osmotic pressure that drives water into the lateral intercellular spaces by osmosis via tight junctions and adjacent cells, which then in turn moves across the basement membrane and into the capillaries.
Function.
The large intestine comes after the small intestine in the digestive tract and measures approximately 1.5 meters in length in adult humans.
There are differences in the large intestine between different organisms. The large intestine is mainly responsible for storing waste, reclaiming water, maintaining the water balance, absorbing some vitamins, such as vitamin K, and providing a location for flora-aided fermentation.
By the time the chyme has reached this tube, most nutrients and 90% of the water have been absorbed by the body. At this point some electrolytes like sodium, magnesium, and chloride are left as well as indigestible parts of ingested food (e.g., a large part of ingested amylose, starch which has been shielded from digestion heretofore, and dietary fiber, which is largely indigestible carbohydrate in either soluble or insoluble form). As the chyme moves through the large intestine, most of the remaining water is removed, while the chyme is mixed with mucus and bacteria (known as gut flora), and becomes feces. The ascending colon receives fecal material as a liquid. The muscles of the colon then move the watery waste material forward and slowly absorb all the excess water. The stools gradually solidify as they move along into the descending colon.
The bacteria break down some of the fiber for their own nourishment and create acetate, propionate, and butyrate as waste products, which in turn are used by the cell lining of the colon for nourishment. No protein is made available. In humans, perhaps 10% of the undigested carbohydrate thus becomes available, though this may vary with diet; in other animals, including other apes and primates, who have proportionally larger colons, more is made available, thus permitting a higher portion of plant material in the diet. The large intestine produces no digestive enzymes -— chemical digestion is completed in the small intestine before the chyme reaches the large intestine. The pH in the colon varies between 5.5 and 7 (slightly acidic to neutral).
Pathology.
Following are the most common diseases or disorders of the colon:

</doc>
<doc id="20736606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736606" title="Final Warning">
Final Warning

Final Warning was an obscure yet influential Portland, Oregon-based hardcore punk band active from 1982 to 1986.
History.
The band first formed in 1982 as Broken Trust by childhood friends, guitarist Jeff "Simon" Simoncini, drummer Dan Cunneen and vocalist Tim Paul. Between 1982 and 1983, the original line-up was rounded out by respective past and future Poison Idea members Glenn Estes and Charlie Nims (aka Myrtle Tickner) on bass. 
In early 1984 (after changing their name to Final Warning), Tim Paul switched to bass and Jeff Paul (no relation) joined the group on vocals. This would become the "classic" Final Warning line-up that would remain unchanged until Final Warning disbanded in 1986 (except for a brief period at the end of the band's career when Poison Idea drummer Steve "Thee Slayer Hippie" Hanford played several shows with F.W. on second guitar). 
Final Warning released one self-titled 7” E.P. on Poison Idea guitarist Tom “Pig Champion” Robert's label, Fatal Erection Records in 1984. The following year Final Warning had a song ("I Quit") on the "Drinking is Great" Portland punk compilation E.P. (also released by Fatal Erection).
Final Warning would share the bill with many legendary bands during their career. Among them: Dead Kennedys, Scream, Dr. Know, The Exploited, Charged GBH, Hüsker Dü, Minutemen, D.R.I. and Mercyful Fate, but they never played outside the Pacific Northwest. 
Members of Final Warning would go on to play in various other Pacific Northwest bands, including: Napalm Beach, Poison Idea, The Obituaries, Big House, Gruntruck, Zipgun, Kill Sybil and the Seattle based Nightcaps. 
In June 2007, Southern Lord records released a 16 song compact disc that featured all the band’s studio material and 11 songs recorded live in 1985 at the Starry Night in Portland, Oregon (where Final Warning opened for Danish black metal band Mercyful Fate at their first U.S. concert).
On March 3rd, 2013, Jeff Paul died in a motorcycle crash in Portland, Oregon.
Influences.
Final Warning was inspired by early 1980s U.S. West Coast hardcore (Germs, Black Flag, Dead Kennedys and Circle Jerks) and the second wave of English punk (Discharge, Charged GBH, Disorder and The Exploited). What set Final Warning apart from other hardcore bands of the period was the merging of heavy metal into their sound (bands like Metallica, Motörhead, Venom and early Mötley Crüe.) Final Warning would combine these influences to become one of the early bands to break down the wall between punk and metal. 
The most common lyrical focus of Final Warning's music was their stand against violence and war. Final Warning picked up on many of the anti-war themes that the U.K. band Discharge used and expanded them to include their own take on the conformity, complacency and militarism in the United States during the Reagan era.
Reformation.
In September 2008, Final Warning played two shows with the "classic" line-up (Jeff Paul, Simon, Tim Paul and Dan Cunneen). The first show was in Seattle, Washington on September 6, 2008 at the Funhouse, followed by a show in Portland, Oregon at Satyricon, on September 20, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20736612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736612" title="Bahia Possession">
Bahia Possession

The Bahia Possession is an ocean bay in the northern shore Strait of Magellan located between Primera Angostura and Punta Dungenes. This bay is situated approximately 37 kilometres south of the Pali Aike National Park, the location of some of the earliest known human settlement in the Americas, going as far back as the human occupation at the Pali Aike Crater lava tube 10,000 years ago.
In 1974, the oil tanker "Metula", en route to Quintero Bay, Chile, ran aground here and lost some 60,000 tons of light Arabian crude before reflotation, severely affecting the local wildlife. 

</doc>
<doc id="20736642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736642" title="Marcus London">
Marcus London

Marcus London (born 15 January 1968) is an English pornographic actor.
He was born in London, began appearing in adult films in around 1995 at the age of about 27, and has since appeared in over 390 movies.
He married porn actress Devon Lee on 14 January 2007 in Las Vegas, after they had been dating for around eight months.

</doc>
<doc id="20736645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736645" title="Port Henderson">
Port Henderson

Port Henderson () is a fishing village on the south west shore of the Gair Loch near the village of Gairloch, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The villages of South Erradale and Opinan are located directly south from the village along the B8056 coast road. 

</doc>
<doc id="20736664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736664" title="Hazel McCallion">
Hazel McCallion

Hazel McCallion, née Journeaux, CM (born February 14, 1921) is the mayor of Mississauga, Ontario. McCallion has been Mississauga's mayor for years, holding office since 1978. She is affectionately called "Hurricane Hazel" by supporters and the media at large for her vibrant, outspoken style of no-nonsense politics.
She is one of Canada's best-known and longest-serving mayors, and one of the longest-serving elected leaders in history. Now aged , she was easily re-elected in October 2010 for her 12th consecutive term, holding a 76 per cent majority of the votes, and has often been re-elected without conducting a campaign. She has been voted the second most popular mayor in the world and was made a Member of the Order of Canada in 2005. She is also a Member of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Personal life.
Journeaux was born at Port Daniel on the Gaspé Coast of Quebec. Her father, Herbert Armand Journeaux (1879–1944), owned a fishing and canning company. Her mother, Maude Travers (1876–1955), was a homemaker and ran the family farm. The family also comprised two older sisters and two older brothers. After graduating from Quebec High School, she attended business secretarial school in Quebec City and Montreal. She has stated, especially while receiving university honours, that she would have wanted to attend university, but her family could not afford it. After beginning her career in Montreal with the Canadian Kellogg company, she was transferred to Toronto in 1942, where she helped set up the local office. McCallion left the business world in 1967 to devote her life to a career in politics.
She met her future husband, Sam McCallion (1923–97), at an Anglican Church congregation in Toronto in 1951; they married on September 29 of that year. As a marriage present from McCallion’s in-laws, a piece of land in what would later become Mississauga, near the village of Streetsville, Ontario, was given to the newlyweds. McCallion has three children. Prior to becoming mayor, she and her husband founded "The Mississauga Booster", a community newspaper that her son now edits and publishes. In 1997, her husband died of Alzheimer's disease. She still resides in Streetsville.
In a first-person account for Canadian magazine "Confidence Bound", McCallion credited her faith with giving her the energy her job demands. "Having a life filled with purpose and meaning and living my life in a Christian-like manner helps to motivate me and keep me energized," she said. She also revealed that she does everything around the house herself. "I do my own cleaning, grocery shopping, gardening… The assumption is that people in my position have others doing all these things for them but I like to be self sufficient. Housework and gardening are great forms of exercise and keep one humble."
Political career.
McCallion began her political career in Streetsville, a village that has since merged into the City of Mississauga. Beginning as the chairman of the Streetsville Planning Board in 1967, she later became deputy reeve and was appointed reeve soon after. She was elected as Streetsville's mayor in 1970, serving until 1973. The City of Mississauga came into being in 1974.
By the time she was elected mayor of Mississauga, she had sat on virtually every committee in Peel Region and the City of Mississauga. She has also served on the executive of many federal and provincial committees and associations.
McCallion was first elected mayor in 1978, narrowly defeating the popular incumbent Ron A. Searle. She had been in office only a few months when a public health and safety crisis occurred during the 1979 Mississauga train derailment. On November 10, a Canadian Pacific train carrying toxic chemicals derailed in a heavily populated area of Mississauga near Mavis Road. A large explosion and fire ensued as hazardous chemicals spilled. McCallion, along with the Peel Regional Police and other governmental authorities, oversaw an orderly and peaceful evacuation of the entire city. Despite having sprained her ankle, she continued to hold press conferences and update briefings. There were no deaths or serious injuries during the week-long emergency, and Mississauga gained international renown for the peaceful evacuation of its then 200,000 residents.
McCallion has overseen the growth of Mississauga from a small collection of towns and villages to one of Canada’s largest cities. This dynamic growth occurred after the 1976 election of René Lévesque's Parti Québécois government sparked an exodus of Anglophones and corporations from Montreal to the Greater Toronto Area. As Toronto grew in national standing, Mississauga politicians worked to define their community beyond a bedroom community of Toronto.
Today, Mississauga is home to a mix of commercial, residential, industrial, and recreational areas. According to a Canadian relocation service, the city has 9,730 businesses, encompassing manufacturing, distribution, and business services, in addition to approximately 9,000 retail businesses. The McCallion government also spearheaded the development of a "downtown" Mississauga area. The Square One Shopping Centre, built near Hurontario Street and Burnhamthorpe Road during the 1970s, has evolved into a centre of commercial and recreational activity.
The Civic Centre, including a new city hall, Central Library, and Mississauga Living Arts Centre, along with a Mississauga Transit terminal and shopping and entertainment options, now populate the former fallow farm land. This city centre helped unite residents of the different towns that made up Mississauga without destroying the smaller villages. The construction of Highway 403 in the 1980s eased access to this area of the city. In the 1990s, the Hershey Centre, a hockey arena and concert venue, was built near Matheson and Tomken Road, facilitating the creation of the Ontario Hockey League's expansion team, the Mississauga IceDogs.
Some of McCallion's initiatives have been unsuccessful. Under Ontario law, Mississauga is part of Peel Region, along with Brampton and Caledon. McCallion and the Mississauga council have asked that their city be made an upper-tier municipality, but so far that request has been denied by the Ontario government. Mississauga has so far obtained two additional seats on the regional council, which still gives it less representation than its proportionate share by population or by municipal tax base. This has created controversy within the region. Brampton and Caledon politicians argued against McCallion, saying that Mississauga's growth has slowed down and it had been the chief beneficiary of Peel's 1970s infrastructure projects.
In 1982, McCallion was found guilty of a conflict of interest on a planning decision by the Ontario High Court of Justice due to not absenting herself from a council meeting on a matter in which she had an interest. However, it was found to be a bona fide error of judgment and she was not required to vacate her seat.
McCallion has been easily elected for the last 20 years, with no serious challengers coming close to unseating her as mayor of the city. Due to her popularity, she does not campaign during elections and refuses to accept political donations, instead asking her supporters to donate the money to charity. She is now in her 12th consecutive term as mayor, having won her most recent bid for reelection on October 25, 2010.
She was lauded as a hero in April 2006 during a police standoff involving a distraught man threatening to kill himself. The five-hour standoff came to a peaceful end when McCallion appeared on the scene and demanded he stand down so that police, paramedic, and fire personnel could attend to more important matters.
In 2009 McCallion was the focus of public opinion when it was alleged that she failed to disclose a conflict of interest when attending meetings that concerned her son's company, World Class Developments Ltd. On October 3, 2011, Judge Douglas Cunningham found McCallion "acted in a 'real and apparent conflict of interest' while pushing hard for a real estate deal that could have put millions of dollars in her son’s pocket." She was cleared of all charges June 14, 2013.
Political views.
McCallion has worked with a variety of federal and provincial governments and has not expressed a consistent party preference, preferring to work with each elected official.
Her principles are grounded in the belief that a city should be run like a business; thus, she encourages the business model of governance. Her family's business background, her education, and her prior career in a corporation prepared her to approach government with this model. Mississauga is one of the few cities in Canada that is debt free; it has not borrowed money since 1978. However, Mississauga may have to borrow money to build new capital projects in 2012. McCallion has been described as a "small-c" conservative.
Although McCallion is one of the most prominent women now holding political power in Canada, it is difficult to categorize her as a feminist. She is able to express support for women's equality in Canada and internationally without being typecast ideologically. She was chosen one of the American Women of the Year in "Who's Who of American Women", as well as Women of the Year 2001 by an international business lobby.
Her Christian faith also contributes to her concern for the public good. A member of Trinity Anglican Church in Streetsville, her charitable work now includes Hazel's Hope, a campaign to fund health care for children afflicted with AIDS and HIV in southern Africa. Accordingly, she has been lauded as "an international ambassador for the city and a world citizen" by a non-partisan, not-for-profit organization advancing the concerns of cities internationally.
In 2007, McCallion responded to the federal government's refusal to give one cent of the GST to cities, a funding source long requested by many municipalities across Canada, by planning a 5 per cent surcharge on property taxes in the city. She was able to have the levy introduced and approved on the same day by Mississauga council, in contrast to Toronto Mayor David Miller, who was unable to get increased tax revenue approved for months. Most media coverage, as well as Miller, noted that McCallion was arguably one of the few mayors in the country with the political capital to implement such a strategy.
McCallion has also expressed pessimism over Miller's "one-cent now" campaign, saying, "I can assure you our citizens Mississauga can’t point out to us where there’s a lot of waste. Toronto, unfortunately, has that situation, in which their citizens are saying it, as well as their board of trade has been saying it and even their own councillors are saying it. If my councillors were saying we were wasting money, I'd be really concerned. I think we give value for tax dollars; we run our city like a business." Toronto councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong made a comparison: "Hazel McCallion runs a tight ship. David Miller’s ship has leaks all over the place”, and some commentators suggested this allowed Mississauga to make a more credible case to the federal government. She unveiled her own plan, "Cities Now!", to get federal funding for municipal infrastructure.
McCallion hosts an annual gala in Mississauga to raise money for arts and culture in the city. Attendees at the 2008 gala, which also marked the 30th anniversary of McCallion's election to the mayoralty of Mississauga, included former Lieutenant Governor of Ontario Lincoln Alexander and American talk show host Regis Philbin.
International politics.
McCallion was one of the first Canadian politicians to openly support the creation of a Palestinian state. Addressing the annual convention of the Canadian Arab Federation in 1983, she argued that Palestinian issues had been distorted by the national media and was quoted as saying, "The Palestinians need and require and deserve a country of their own. Why shouldn't they get it?"
Contribution to Health Care.
During the 2008 An Evening Voyage Gala, Trillium Health Centre named its new cardiac care centre the Hazel McCallion Centre for Heart Health in honour of the mayor. McCallion is the honorary chair to the Trillium Health Centre Foundation’s $36 million capital campaign and has made had a significant contribution to the health centre with campaigns such as the "I heart Hazel" campaign, which "Awareness and funds for advanced cardiac services, while honouring an iconic leader". Janet Davidson, O.C. president and CEO, stated, "We are extremely grateful for everything Mayor McCallion has done for Trillium Health Centre and for the health and well-being of the people of Mississauga." The mayor was grateful for such an honour, saying, "The Hazel McCallion Centre for Heart Health will provide cardiac care, research and education which will help to enhance Trillium’s reputation as a leader in cardiac care and I am truly honoured to have this facility bear my name".
McCallion became the poster girl for longevity and good health for Trillium Health Centre on her 90th birthday, which coincided with the hospital's Wear Your Heart event recognizing the support of the volunteer staff at the hospital. Dr. Barbara Clive, a geriatrician, marvelled at McCallions good health: "At 90 her gait is perfect, her speech is totally sharp and she has the drive to still run this city. She’s the poster child for seniors". McCallion also visited the Credit Valley Hospital earlier that day, which she helped to found 25 years earlier.
Involvement in education.
Hazel McCallion Senior Public School.
The Hazel McCallion Senior Public School, opened in 1991, is named in her honour, and is home of the Hurricanes, in honour of her nickname, Hurricane Hazel.
University of Toronto Mississauga.
The University of Toronto Mississauga Library is officially known as the Hazel McCallion Academic Learning Centre. The facility opened on October 8, 2006, as part of the University of Toronto Mississauga campus. Former vice president and principal of the university, Ian Orchard, announced McCallion’s involvement with the new facility in 2005.
Sheridan College.
On February 12, 2011, Jeff Zabudsky, president and CEO of Sheridan College, announced that the college’s new Mississauga Campus would be named in honour of McCallion. The announcement was made at the mayor's 90th birthday celebration, held at the Mississauga Convention Centre.
Hockey.
McCallion is well known for her love of hockey. She played for a professional women's team while attending school in Montreal. One of her friends is "Hockey Night in Canada" commentator Don Cherry, who joked during her 87th birthday that while 98 per cent of the city voted for her, he was looking for the remaining 2 per cent that didn't.
McCallion began playing hockey in the late 1920s in the town of Port Daniel, Quebec. She played with her two sisters and was a forward on their team. McCallion later played hockey for $5 a game in the city of Montreal. The team was sponsored by Kik Cola and was part of a three-team women’s league. 
At the 1987 World Women's Hockey Tournament (not recognized by the IIHF), the championship trophy was named the Hazel McCallion World Cup. At one time, McCallion was a board member of the Ontario Women's Hockey League, and was instrumental in the construction of the Hershey Centre in Mississauga. McCallion provided assistance for Don Cherry’s group to bring an Ontario Hockey League franchise to the city in 1998, and she was instrumental in bringing the IIHF Women’s World Hockey Championships to the city in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20736670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736670" title="Kulsary">
Kulsary

Kulsary or Qulsary (Kazakh: Құлсары) is a town and the center of the Zhylyoi District in the Atyrau Province of western Kazakhstan. Population: 
The city is located 11 kilometers from the Emba River, and 230 kilometers from the city of Atyrau, the center of the Atyrau Province. The railroad station is on the Makat-Beyneu line.
The city is home to the mining of petroleum and a scrap metal processing plant. It also has a most remarkable cemetery made up of domed chambers large enough to be houses[http://www.panoramio.com/photo/67900916].

</doc>
<doc id="20736693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736693" title="Wuqi">
Wuqi

Wuqi can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20736700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736700" title="Gökhan Emreciksin">
Gökhan Emreciksin

Gökhan Emreciksin (born 10 September 1984) is a Turkish professional footballer. He currently plays as a winger for Göztepe in the TFF First League.
Career.
Emreciksin transferred from Turkish Super League side Ankaragücü, in which he scored seven goals in 39 appearances, and moved to Fenerbahçe on January 3, 2009, signing a four-and-a-half year contract. He was signed together with Abdülkadir Kayalı, also transferred from Ankaragücü. He previously played for Turkish teams Boluspor and Bandırmaspor before moving on to Ankaragücü. He was brought up through the youth ranks of Istanbul Sinopspor also spending about two years in the Galatasaray youth team. Emreciksin was handed the number 20 shirt, which was last held by former Fenerbahçe captain Alex, who now is with Brazilian team Coritiba, he was sent to Kayserispor in Exchange of Mehmet Topuz and € 9 million.
International.
His first and currently only call up to the Turkish national football team was on March 26, 2008 which was a friendly against the Belarus national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20736712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736712" title="Ministry of Commerce (Thailand)">
Ministry of Commerce (Thailand)

The Ministry of Commerce of the Kingdom of Thailand (; ; Abrv: MOC) is a Cabinet ministry in the Government of Thailand. The head of the ministry is called the Minister of Commerce, he is a member of the Cabinet of Thailand. The Ministry is in charge of trade, prices of important agricultural goods, consumer protection, entrepreneurship, Insurance, Intellectual property protection, exports and representing Thailand at the World Trade Organization. The Ministry was founded in 1892 by King Chulalongkorn (Rama V), by separating the ministry from the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives. The Ministry moved to its present premises in Nonthaburi in 1989. The current Minister is Boonsong Teriyapirom, who succeeded Kittiratt Na-Ranong on 18 January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20736719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736719" title="Execution of Mayor Yin">
Execution of Mayor Yin

The Execution of Mayor Yin is a 1978 collection of short stories by the Taiwanese writer Chen Ruoxi, based on experiences in Mainland China during the 1960s and 1970s. 
The collection was published in English under the title "The Execution of Mayor Yin and Other Stories from the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution". Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1978. Tr. by Nancy Ing and Howard Goldblatt. The English language translation attained wide recognition, as its publication occurred at a time when U.S. President Richard Nixon's historic visit to China, the death of Mao Tse-tung, and the thaw in diplomatic relations between the U.S. and China all generated widespread interest in China in the United States. A revised edition of the book with a new introduction by Perry Link was re-issued by Indiana University Press in 2004.
Context.
"The Execution of Mayor Yin" contains stories set during the period of the Cultural Revolution in China, approximately 1965-1975.
Themes.
Major themes of the stories in the collection include freedom vs. conformity, disillusion, bewilderment, disgust, and being "out of place."
Motifs.
Major motifs include the steady stream of political campaigns and the Cult of Mao, as well as many quintessential features of life in China and of Chinese culture.
A leitmotif running through the stories is the United States. Chen Ruoxi lived in the United States for a period, and many of the characters in her stories remark on contrasts between their experiences in the United States and in China, as well as between their expectations of life in the "new" China and what they observe of the "real" China. 
Short Stories Synopses.
"The Execution of Mayor Yin" consists of eight stories:
Brief synopses follow.
The Execution of Mayor Yin.
During a visit to a rural area outside of Xian, the narrator sees how political violence during the Cultural Revolution finds proceeds ad seriatum through a series of victims.
Some of the characters in the story conclude that there is simply no way to understand all of the political campaigns, or to see their consequences in any logical framework.
The alludes to one of Mao Tse-tung's most famous speeches: Serve the People. The speech is about finding meaning in life through sacrifice.
""Chairman Mao is a Rotten Egg"".
In this story, adults discover the absurd ends that a child's indiscretion can lead in the context of the Cult of Mao.
"Night Duty".
An idealistic teacher from Taiwan, who has also lived in the United States, now lives and works in China. In the course of service on a rural farm associated with his school in Nanjing -- a variant on the Down to the Countryside Movement -- he makes some discouraging observations. These include a former book lover who has given up on books, and members of the "red" (proletariat) class who steal from the community.
"Residency Check".
This story turns on accusations of infidelity made against the narrator's (female) neighbor. 
"Jen Hsiu-lan".
A (woman) political prisoner makes an "escape."
The story is highly symbolic, with pastoral scenes of children combing a hillside—in search of the escaped prisoner. The "escapee" turns out to have drowned herself - in a cesspool.
Mao Tse-tung's speech, Serve the People, is alluded to again in this story. 
A theme of the story is women's liberation (or lack of it) in the "new" China.
"The Big Fish".
A man enjoys the sensual thrill of hunting down, negotiating for, and purchasing a small luxury - a large fish of a kind seldom available—from his local market. His joy is short-lived when he is told that the fish must be returned, in order to preserve the appearance of abundance for visiting reporters.
"Keng Erh in Peking".
This story describes the life of a Chinese man who, after living in the United States for twenty years, moves to China.
The story takes place in Peking. It tells about two relationships that the protagonist has had with women, and how both relationships were thwarted by class struggle campaigns taking place throughout China at that time.
"Nixon's Press Corps".
U.S. President Richard Nixon's historic visit to China forms the backdrop of this story. The story describes how in one particular neighborhood in the southern Chinese city of Nanjing, all residents are encouraged/required to take down their drying racks in order to make a favorable impression on visiting foreigners. In the story, the narrator resists pressure from the leaders of her community, and reflects on the extremes of control in the society.

</doc>
<doc id="20736729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736729" title="The Sub-Saharan Informer">
The Sub-Saharan Informer

The Sub-Saharan Informer is a Pan African and a continental newspaper produced weekly across several African countries. Established in 1999/2000, the newspaper aims to present newsworthy events, and to disseminate information that promotes social, political and business issues in Africa. 

</doc>
<doc id="20736730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736730" title="Halloween II (2009 film)">
Halloween II (2009 film)

Halloween II is a 2009 American horror film written, directed, and produced by Rob Zombie. The film is a sequel to Zombie's 2007 reboot of the "Halloween" film series, and the tenth installment of the franchise. Picking up where the 2007 film ended, and then jumping ahead one year, "Halloween II" follows Laurie Strode as she deals with the aftermath of the previous film's events, Dr. Loomis who is trying to capitalize on those events by publishing a new book that chronicles everything that happened, and Michael Myers as he continues his search for Laurie so that he can reunite with his sister. The film sees the return of lead cast members Malcolm McDowell, Scout Taylor-Compton, and Tyler Mane, who portray Dr. Loomis, Laurie Strode, and Michael Myers in the 2007 film, respectively.
For "Halloween II", Zombie decided to focus more on the connection between Laurie and Michael, and the idea they share similar psychological problems. Zombie wanted the sequel to be more realistic and violent than its 2007 predecessor. For the characters of "Halloween II", it is about change. Zombie wanted to look at how the events of the first film affected the characters. Zombie also wanted to show the connection between Laurie and Michael, and provide a glimpse into each character's psyche. Filming primarily took place in Georgia, which provided Zombie with a tax incentive as well as the visual look the director was going for with the film. When it came time to provide a musical score, Zombie had trouble finding a place to include John Carpenter's original "Halloween" theme music. Although Carpenter's theme was used throughout Zombie's 2007 film, the theme was only included in the final shot of this film.
"Halloween II" was officially released on August 28, 2009 in North America, and was met with a negative reception from critics. On October 30, 2009 it was re-released in North America to coincide with the Halloween holiday weekend. The original opening of the film grossed less than the 2007 remake, with approximately $7 million. The film would go on to earn $33,392,973 in North America, and $5,925,616 in foreign countries giving "Halloween II" a worldwide total of $39,318,589. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray, with a theatrical version and director's cut of the film offered.
Plot.
In a short flashback, Deborah Myers (Sheri Moon Zombie) visits her son, a young Michael Myers (Chase Wright Vanek), at Smith's Grove Sanitarium. Deborah gives Michael a white horse statuette as a gift. Michael says that the horse reminds him of a dream he had of Deborah's ghost, all dressed in white and leading a horse down the sanitarium halls toward Michael, telling him she was going to bring him home. Moving ahead fifteen years, after having shot an adult Michael (Tyler Mane), Laurie Strode (Scout Taylor-Compton) is found wandering around in a state of shock, and covered in blood, by Sheriff Brackett (Brad Dourif). Brackett takes Laurie to the emergency room. Meanwhile, the paramedics pick up the Sheriff's daughter Annie (Danielle Harris) and Michael's psychiatrist Dr. Loomis (Malcolm McDowell), who are still alive after having been attacked by Michael, and take them to the hospital. Presumed dead, Michael's lifeless body is loaded into a separate ambulance. When the driver has a traffic accident, Michael awakens and escapes the ambulance, walking toward a vision of Deborah dressed in white and leading a white horse.
Michael appears at the hospital, and begins murdering everyone he comes across on his way to Laurie. Trapped in a security outpost at the gate, Laurie watches as Michael tears through the walls with an axe, but just as he tries to kill her, Laurie wakes up from the dream. It is actually one year later and Laurie is now living with the . Michael's body has been missing since last Halloween—still presumed dead—and Laurie has been having recurring nightmares about the event. While Laurie deals with her trauma through therapy, Loomis has chosen to turn the event into an opportunity to write another book. Meanwhile, Michael has been having visions of Deborah's ghost and a younger version of himself, who instructs him that with Halloween approaching it is time to bring Laurie home; so he sets off for Haddonfield.
As Michael travels to Haddonfield, Laurie begins having hallucinations that mirror Michael's, which involve a ghostly image of Deborah and a young Michael in a clown costume. In addition, her hallucinations also begin to include her acting out Michael's murders, like envisioning herself taping Annie to a chair and slitting her throat while dressed in a clown outfit—similar to how a young Michael murdered Ronnie White. While Laurie struggles with her dreams, Loomis has been going on tour to promote his new book, only to be greeted with criticism from people who blame him for Michael's actions and for exploiting the deaths of Michael's victims. When his book is finally released, Laurie discovers the truth: that she is really Angel Myers, Michael's long lost sister. With the truth out, she decides to go partying with Mya (Brea Grant) and Harley (Angela Trimbur) to escape how she is feeling. Michael appears at the party and kills Harley, then makes his way over to the Brackett house and stabs Annie repeatedly.
When Laurie and Mya arrive they find Annie bloodied and dying. Michael kills Mya and then comes after Laurie, who manages to escape the house. While Laurie manages to flag down a passing motorist, Sheriff Brackett arrives home and finds his daughter dead. Laurie gets into the motorist's car, but before they can escape Michael kills the driver and flips the car over with Laurie still in it. Michael takes the unconscious Laurie to an abandoned shed he has been camping out in. Laurie awakens to a vision of Deborah, and a young Michael, ordering her to say "I love you, mommy".
The police discover Michael's location and surround the shed. Loomis arrives and goes into the shed to try to reason Michael into letting Laurie go. Inside, he has to inform Laurie, who believes that the younger Michael is holding her down, that no one is restraining her and that she must maintain her sanity. Just then, Deborah instructs the older Michael that it is time to go home, and Michael grabs Loomis and kills him by slashing his face and stabbing him in the chest. Stepping in front of a window while holding Loomis's body, Michael is shot twice by Sheriff Brackett and falls into the spikes of some farming equipment. Apparently released of the visions, Laurie walks over and tells Michael she loves him, then she stabs him repeatedly in the chest and finally in the face. The shed door opens and Laurie walks out, wearing Michael's mask. As she pulls the mask off, the scene transitions to Laurie in isolation in a psychiatric ward, grinning as a vision of Deborah dressed in white stands with a white horse at the end of her room.
Production.
Development.
In 2008, at the 30 Years of Terror Convention, "Halloween" producer Malek Akkad confirmed that a sequel to Rob Zombie's 2007 film was in the works. French filmmakers Julien Maury and Alexandre Bustillo were in negotiations to direct the sequel in November 2008, but on December 15, 2008 "Variety" reported that Rob Zombie had officially signed on to write and direct the "Halloween" sequel. In an interview, Zombie expressed how the exhaustion of creating the first "Halloween" made him not want to come back for a sequel, but after a year of cooling down he was more open to the idea. The writer/director explained that with the sequel he was no longer bound by a sense of needing to retain any "John Carpenter-ness", as he "felt free to do whatever". Producer Malek Akkad said the original intention, when they believed Zombie was not returning, was to create a "normal sequel". Akkad and his Trancus producing company hired various writers to come up with drafts for a new film, but none worked. Akkad and the Weinstein brothers then turned to Bustillo and Muary, whose film "Inside" had recently been bought for distribution by the Weinstein Company. According to Akkad, the producers really wanted Zombie to return, as Akkad felt that there was something "lost in the translation" when the French filmmakers took over the project. After his work on the 2007 remake, Zombie had earned the trust of Akkad, who told him to ignore any rules they had set for him on the previous film. Akkad said that he wanted Zombie to move the franchise away from some of its established rules.
Characters.
For the sequel, Tyler Mane, Malcolm McDowell, Scout Taylor-Compton, Danielle Harris, Sheri Moon Zombie, and Brad Dourif returned to the roles of Michael Myers, Dr. Loomis, Laurie Strode, Annie Brackett, Deborah Myers, and Sheriff Brackett, respectively. Daeg Faerch, who portrayed a young Michael Myers in the 2007 remake, was set to reprise his role for "Halloween II". By the time production was getting started for the sequel Faerch had grown too big for the part. Zombie had to recast the role, much to his own dismay, because Faerch's physical maturity did not fit what was in the script. Although Faerch is not in the sequel, the first trailer for Halloween II contained images of Faerch. Zombie pointed out that those images were test shots done and were not intended to be in either the trailer or the film.
Taylor-Compton described her character as having "these bipolar moments", where her emotions are spontaneously changing from points of happiness to agitation. The actress stated that Zombie wanted to see Laurie Strode travel into "these really dark places". Taylor-Compton clarified that when the film starts Laurie is still not aware that Michael is her older brother, and as the film progresses more and more pieces of information are given to her and she does not know how to deal with them. The actress explained that the darkness brewing inside Laurie is manifested externally, generally through her physical appearance and the clothes she chooses to wear—Zombie characterized the look as "grungy".
Zombie further described Laurie as a "wreck", who continually sinks lower as the film moves forward. Even Sheriff Brackett goes through changes. Brackett, who receives more screen time in this film, allows Laurie to move in with him and his daughter after the events of the first film. Zombie explained, "He's old, he's worn out, he's just this beat-down guy with these two girls he can't deal with." Zombie characterized Loomis in the sequel as more of a "sellout", who exploits the memories of those who were killed by Michael in the 2007 film. Zombie explained that he tried to channel Vincent Bugliosi, a lawyer who prosecuted Charles Manson and then wrote a book about it, into Loomis's character for the sequel; noting that he wanted Loomis to seem more "ridiculous" this time. As for Michael Myers, the character is given almost an entirely new look for the film, which is being used, according to Taylor-Compton, to illustrate a new emotion for the character as he spends much of his time trying to hide himself. Zombie said that of all of the characters that return in the sequel, Michael is the only one that does not change: "All the other characters are very different. Laurie; Loomis; they're having all kinds of problems in their life, but Michael just moves along. Michael is no different; he's exactly the same as he was ten years old and he killed everybody [...] He has no concept of the world around him, so he can never be affected by it."
Filming.
With a $15,000,000 budget, production began on February 23, 2009 in Atlanta, Georgia. Zombie acknowledged that filming in Georgia provided certain tax breaks for the company, but the real reason he chose that location was because the other locations he was planning to use were still experiencing snowy weather. For him, Georgia's landscapes and locations provided the look that he wanted for his film. During production, Zombie described the sequel as being "Ultra gritty, ultra intense and very real" and said that he was trying to create almost the exact opposite of what people would expect. Known for filming multiple sequences during production of his films, Zombie filmed an alternate ending to "Halloween II". In the alternate ending, Loomis and Michael crash through the shed the police have surrounded, and out into the open air. As Loomis grasps at Michael's mask, and pleads for him to stop, Michael stabs him in the stomach, telling him to "Die!".
Music.
For the sequel, Zombie only used John Carpenter's original theme music in the final scene of the film, though the director admits that he and music composer Tyler Bates tried to find other places to include it. According to Zombie, Carpenter's music did not fit with what was happening in the film; whenever he or Bates would insert it into a scene it "just wouldn't feel right" to the director. Zombie also used popular culture songs throughout the film, with "Nights in White Satin" appearing the most prominently. Zombie chose songs that he liked, and that would enhance a given scene within the film. An official soundtrack for the film was released on August 25, 2009. In addition, an album featuring the music of psychobilly band Captain Clegg and the Night Creatures was released in conjunction with "Halloween II" on August 28, 2009. Captain Clegg and the Night Creatures is a fictional band that appears in "Halloween II". Nan Vernon, who recorded a new version of the song "Mr. Sandman" for the end credits of the 2007 remake, recorded a cover of "Love Hurts".
Release.
Dimension Films released "Halloween II" in North America on August 28, 2009 to 3,025 theaters. Following that, the film was released in the United Kingdom on October 9, 2009. Dimension re-released "Halloween II" in North America on October 30, 2009 to coincide with the Halloween holiday, across 1,083 theaters. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on January 12, 2010; the theatrical cut and an unrated director's cut, which Zombie says is "very different from the theatrical version," are available.
Box office.
On its opening day, the film grossed an estimated $7,640,000, which is less than the $10,896,610 Zombie's 2007 remake pulled in during the same weekend of August. By the end of its opening weekend, "Halloween II" had grossed $16,349,565. That weekend earned more than the entire box office performances of ' ($11,642,254), ' ($14,400,000), and "" ($15,116,634), in unadjusted dollars. The film dropped 64.9% in its second weekend, only grossing $5,745,206 and slipping from third to sixth place. Grossing just $2,114,486 in its third weekend, "Halloween II" dropped out of the box office top ten to fourteenth place. The re-release of the film was intended to take advantage of the Halloween holiday, but the film only brought in approximately $475,000. By the end of his theatrical run, "Halloween II" grossed a total of $33,392,973 in North America, and an additional $5,925,616 overseas for a worldwide total of $39,318,589. Compared to the other "Halloween" films, the 2009 sequel sits in fourth place, just behind the original "Halloween".
Critical reception.
Based on 105 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, "Halloween II" has an overall 21% approval rating from critics, with an average score of 3.7 out of 10, with the general consensus reading ""Zombie shows flashes of vision in the follow-up to his Halloween reboot, but they're smothered by mountains of gore and hackneyed, brutal violence"." By comparison, Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film has received an average score of 46, based on 15 reviews. Rob Nelson, of "Variety", felt the use of Deborah and the white horse was nothing more than "silly", and he disagreed with Zombie's choice to film "Halloween II" in 16mm film, as opposed to wider format of 35mm that he used on his 2007 remake. Nelson also stated that the hospital scene was nothing more than a "butcher"-version of Carpenter's 1981 sequel, with the rest of the film feeling like it was rushed and "slapped together" at the last minute. In contrast, "Time Out" believed the hospital scene at the start of the film "the 1981 sequel in just about every respect". "Time Out" stated that Compton's portrayal of Laurie Strode showed an "intense, nontrivializing dedication to the role" that kept interest, while the storyline of Dr. Loomis's egocentricity hinders the overall storyline. "Time Out" also said that Zombie hurt the film by trying to show how "violence lingers with, and perverts, all who are touched by it", but then undercutting himself with "carnivalesque" violence. Although the "New York Post"'s Kyle Smith did not believe the character of Laurie Strode was a balance for Michael Myers or Dr. Loomis, he agreed the ghostly images of Deborah Myers were a "relief from the blood-streaked brutality" of Michael's murders.
"The Boston Globe's" Tom Russo had varied reactions to the film. Russo pointed out that Zombie attempted to be more inventive with "Halloween II", but only achieved mixed results for his efforts. Russo referred to the dream sequences of Deborah Myers and the white horse as "pretentiously silly", but agreed that the scenes did help to break up the standard genre violence and even went so far as to compare the sensation created by those scenes to "Tim Burton doing straight horror". In the end, Russo claimed that "only the most hardcore fans" would want the film series to continue. Joe Neumaier, of the "Daily News", stated that Zombie has found himself with "Halloween II". Neumaier describes the film as a successful "'character-based' monster-flick". Zombie's use of music from the 1970s, like The Moody Blues' "Nights in White Satin" and 10cc's "The Things We Do For Love", is "terrifically odd" throughout the film. Neumaier also said that the imagery of Deborah Myers and the "ethereal white horse" were a "nice visual relief" from Michael's violent attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="20736738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736738" title="Clackmannanshire and Kinross-shire by-election, 1899">
Clackmannanshire and Kinross-shire by-election, 1899

The Clackmannanshire and Kinross-shire by-election, 1899 was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Clackmannanshire and Kinross-shire on 20 December 1899. The seat had become vacant when the sitting Liberal Member of Parliament John Balfour resigned having been appointed a judge. 
The Liberal candidate, Eugene Wason, the former MP for South Ayrshire won the seat in a straight fight with his Conservative opponent George Younger. 
References.
See also

</doc>
<doc id="20736745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736745" title="Portgower">
Portgower

Portgower is a former fishing village on the east coast of Scotland in Helmsdale, Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20736773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736773" title="Oxxy Norgy">
Oxxy Norgy

Oxxy Norgy is an Ivorian singer known for his Coupé Décalé style of music.
Oxxy Norgy first became known for his numerous features, including those with Boombastic Dj and 4x4 académia. He released his first album, which shared the same name of his initial concept "Moto bengué" and was inspired by "danse de la moto", a derivative of the coupé décalé style. Later, he created a new concept called "Maxhéro" which paid homage to the famous arranger of the same name.
Later, Norgy left Maxhéro and began producing with Afrikareprezenta (the rapper Rudy Rudiction's studio, and released a new concept called "prends côcôta, mets dans le sac", arranged by Deni di Lactif. In 2007, Norgy took part in the album of Dj Sisco, who created the concept of "Debout debout".
In April 2008, Norgy reemerged with a new discographic work that promoted a new concept called "corrigé corrigé" (corrected answer key). This last single was produced by 18 avril Production and the principal piece was arranged by N'Guessan Amessan, according to Bébi Philippe.

</doc>
<doc id="20736775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736775" title="Borg (Star Trek)">
Borg (Star Trek)

Borg is a collective proper noun for a fictional alien race that appears as recurring antagonists in various incarnations of the "Star Trek" franchise. The Borg are a collection of species that have been turned into cybernetic organisms functioning as drones of the Collective, or the hive. A pseudo-race, dwelling in the "Star Trek" universe, the Borg force other species into their collective and connect them to "the hive mind"; the act is called assimilation and entails violence, abductions, and injections of microscopic machines called nanoprobes. The Borg's ultimate goal is "achieving perfection".
Aside from being the main threat in ', the Borg play major roles in ' and "" television series, primarily as an invasion threat to the United Federation of Planets, and serve as the way home to the Alpha Quadrant for isolated Federation starship "Voyager". The Borg have become a symbol in popular culture for any juggernaut against which "resistance is futile".
The Borg manifest as cybernetically enhanced humanoid drones of multiple species, organized as an interconnected collective, the decisions of which are made by a hive mind, linked by subspace radio. The Borg inhabit a vast region of space in the Delta Quadrant of the galaxy, possessing thousands of vessels. They operate toward the fulfilment of one purpose: to "add the biological and technological distinctiveness of other species to own... [in pursuit of perfection". The concept of perfection is the unifying idea at the core of the Borg. The pursuit of an unemotional, mechanical perfection is the Borg's only motivation. This is achieved through forced assimilation, a process which takes individuals and technology, enhancing and controlling them. Originally presented as an autonomous collective, the ideas of a Borg Queen and central control were introduced in "First Contact".
In their introduction ("TNG"s "Q Who"), little information is given about the Borg, their origins or intentions. In nearly all their encounters, they exhibit no desire for negotiation or reason, only assimilation. Exhibiting a rapid adaptability to any situation or threat, the Borg become one of the greatest threats to Starfleet and the Federation. Major characters that have escaped the Collective after having been assimilated include Jean-Luc Picard and Seven of Nine. 
"TV Guide" named them #4 in their 2013 list of The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time.
Concept.
In the text commentary to the Collector's Edition of ', Michael Okuda revealed that ' writers began to develop the idea of the Borg as early as the first season episode, "", which introduced a coercive, symbiotic life form that took over key Federation personnel. It was thwarted by the "Enterprise" crew and presumably never heard of again (the 'alien conspiracy' plotline itself was scrapped when it became clear that the concept was too grim for Star Trek's target audience). Plans to feature the Borg as an increasingly menacing threat were subsequently scrapped in favor of a more subtle introduction, beginning with the mystery of missing colonies on both sides of the Neutral Zone in "" and culminating in the encounter between Borg and the "Enterprise" crew in "Q Who?".
The Borg were a concept born out of necessity for "Star Trek" to feature a new antagonist and regular enemy that was lacking during the first season of "The Next Generation"; the Klingons were allies and the Romulans mostly absent. The Ferengi were originally intended as the new enemy for the United Federation of Planets, but their comical, unintimidating appearance and devotion to "capitalist" accumulation by "free enterprise" failed to portray them as a convincing threat. They were subsequently reassigned as comic relief. The Borg, however, with their frightening appearance, immense power, and, most importantly, their sinister motive became the signature villains for the "The Next Generation" and "Voyager" eras of "Star Trek". In "Voyager" episode "", even Q tells his son to never "provoke the Borg."
"Resistance is futile".
Individual Borg rarely speak. Instead they send a collective audio message to their targets, stating that "resistance is futile", generally followed by a declaration that the target in question will be assimilated and its "biological and technological distinctiveness" will be added to their own. The exact phrasing varies and evolves over the various series episodes and film. One phrase, from "", is: "We are the Borg. Your biological and technological distinctiveness will be added to our own. Resistance is futile."
The complete phrase used in "", as performed by voice actor Jeff Coopwood is:"We are the Borg. Lower your shields and surrender your ships. We will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own. Your culture will adapt to service us. Resistance is futile."
The phrase "Resistance is futile" became prevalent in popular culture from its use in the television show "".
The Borg uttered the phrase in several Star Trek episodes and the film "" (1996). Patrick Stewart's delivery of the line, as Locutus, in "" was ranked No. 93 in TV Land's list of "The 100 Greatest TV Quotes and Catchphrases". The phrase was also the tagline for the film, "First Contact".
Origin.
The origin of the Borg is never made clear, though they are portrayed as having existed for hundreds of thousands of years (as attested by Guinan and the Borg Queen). In "", the Borg Queen merely states that the Borg were once much like humanity, "flawed and weak", but gradually developed into a partially synthetic species in an ongoing attempt to evolve and perfect themselves.
In "TNGs "Q Who?", Guinan mentions that the Borg are "made up of organic and artificial life [...] which has been developing for [...] thousands of centuries." In the later episode of ', "", Gedrin, of the race the Vaadwaur, says that before he and his people were put into suspended animation 892 years earlier, the Borg had only assimilated a few colonies inside the Delta Quadrant and were considered essentially a minor nuisance. Now awake in the 24th century, he is amazed to see that the Borg control a vast area of the Delta Quadrant. Seven of Nine comments that the Borg's collective memories of that time period are fragmentary, though it is never established why that is.
"The Star Trek Encyclopedia" speculates that there could be a connection between the Borg and V'ger, the vessel encountered in ""; this is advanced in William Shatner's novel "The Return". The connection was also suggested in a letter in "Starlog" No. 160 (November 1990). The letter writer, Christopher Haviland, also speculated that the original Borg drones were members of a race called "The Preservers", which Spock had suggested in the original series episode "The Paradise Syndrome" might be responsible for why so many humanoids populate the galaxy. It was confirmed in the The Next Generation episode "" that an ancient species seeded hundreds, if not thousands of planets with their DNA, creating the Humans, Vulcans, Klingons, Romulans, Cardassians and many more. Coincidentally, in the novelization of "Star Trek: The Motion Picture" (written by Gene Roddenberry), the "Vejur" entity notes that the Ilia probe is resisting the programming given to it because of residual memories and feelings for Captain Decker, from its precise replication of the Deltan lieutenant. When Vejur becomes aware of this, it decides that "the resistance was futile, of course".
The extra section of the game "" contains the "Origin of the Borg", which tells the story of V'ger being sucked into a black hole. V'ger was found by a race of living machines which gave it a form suitable to fulfilling its simplistic programming. Unable to determine who its creator could be, the probe declared all carbon-based life an infestation of the creator's universe, leading to assimilation. From this, the Borg were created, as extensions of V'ger's purpose. Drones were made from those assimilated and merged into a collective consciousness. The Borg Queen was created out of the necessity for a single unifying voice. However, with thoughts and desires of her own, she was no longer bound to serve V'ger. This explanation, however, is not canon.
In the graphic novel "Star Trek: The Manga", the Borg resulted from an experiment in medical nanotechnology gone wrong. An alien species under threat of extinction by an incurable disease created a repository satellite containing test subjects infused with body parts, organs, and DNA of multiple species along with cybernetic enhancements put in place by advanced medical technology. The satellite was maintained by nanomachines, which also maintained the medical equipment on board. The medical facility is parked in orbit by a black hole, and along with the anomalous states of time around the black hole, allows long-term research to continue at an accelerated time scale rather than in real time speed. The medical facility deteriorates and so too does the programming of the nanomachines. The nanomachines began infusing themselves into the patients, interpreting them as part of the satellite in need of repair. Among the patients is the daughter of the head medical researcher of the satellite. The satellite eventually falls apart in an encounter with an away team from the "Enterprise" under the command of James T. Kirk. In the final moments of the satellite's destruction and the escape of the crew members of the "Enterprise" with the patients, the subjects display qualities inherently resembling the Borg; injection of nanomachines in a fashion like assimilation, rapid adaptation to weaponry, and a hive mind consciousness, as all the subjects begin following the whim of the daughter. As succumbing to the disease was inevitable, and the corrupt nanomachine programming infused itself into the bodies, the final image of the page of the manga Borg origin is left with the daughter turned Borg Queen, stating, "Resistance is futile." This origin story shares many similarities with that of the Replicators from Stargate SG-1.
In the novel "Lost Souls" (the third book in the "" trilogy) the Borg are revealed to be the survivors of the Caeliar city Mantilis. Thrown across the galaxy in the Delta Quadrant and back in time to approximately 4500 BC by the destruction of Erigol at the climax of "Gods of Night", the first book in the trilogy, a group of human survivors from the starship "Columbia" and Caeliar scientists try to survive in a harsh arctic climate. Most of the human survivors die of exposure, while several Caeliar are absorbed into their race's gestalt to give life to the others in their group mind.
The Caeliar offer the remaining humans a merging of human and Caeliar, to allow both groups to survive. The human survivors are resistant and as time goes on, the Caeliar called Sedin becomes the sole survivor of her group, her mental processes and her form both degrading as time goes on. When the humans return to Sedin for help, she forces them to merge with her, unwilling to allow herself to die when a union can save her life. The forced merging of the humans and the mostly-decayed Caeliar results in the creation of the first Borg, the name being created due to the fragmented thought of the first drone as he was assimilated (His last thought was that he would not become some cyborg, with his individuality ceasing before be could finish thinking the final word). The gestalt group mind is perverted to become the collective, driven by Sedin's desperate hunger and need to add the strength, technology and life-force of others to her own. Ironically, while the Caeliar were–albeit accidentally–involved in the creation of the Borg, they also provide the means to end it; in the 24th century, the Caeliar absorb the entire Borg collective back into themselves, ending the cyborgs' centuries-long reign of terror.
Characteristics.
Unicomplex.
The Unicomplex is a location in the fictional Star Trek universe that is used as a Borg central base. The Unicomplex is located in an unknown area of the Delta Quadrant. It is a center of all processing activity for the Borg collective, and is the home of a Borg Queen. The Unicomplex resembles a patchwork-like collection of thousands of cubes, connected by assorted conduits and transportation hubs. Borg cubes frequently cross into and out of the Unicomplex on their way to other parts of the galaxy, using transwarp conduits. The Unicomplex primarily appears in the episodes leading towards the conclusion of "". The Unicomplex was destroyed in 2378 after the Borg Queen assimilated a neurolytic pathogen from the future Admiral Kathryn Janeway, who had traveled back in time, as seen in the "Star Trek: Voyager" series finale, "".
General design.
Though Borg rarely look alike, they share several common characteristics. Borg commonly have one eye (most often the left eye) replaced with a sophisticated ocular implant which allows them to see beyond the human visual spectrum. This implant usually projects a red laser beam, particularly in later appearances. They also usually have one arm replaced with a prosthetic one, bearing one of a variety of multi-purpose tools in place of a humanoid hand, and flat white skin, giving them an almost zombie-like appearance. This skin was originally dry and human-looking, but it later had a more "slick" look to it, with veins showing.
Due to their cybernetic enhancements, all Borg are far stronger than humans to varying degrees (depending on the species the drone came from). However, they never run to their destination, and hence most species can outpace them. Borg drones are resistant to phaser fire, being completely immune to the stun setting. In addition, all Borg drones possess personal shielding which collectively adapts to phaser fire. In various episodes, phasers tend to become ineffective after a dozen shots at most, depending on the settings and time between shots. Phaser frequencies can be altered to penetrate the shield, but the Borg adapt more quickly with each change in modulation. Due to this, crews have been known to employ a variety of other countermeasures such as holodeck-generated bullets ("Star Trek" holodeck items are solid as long as the holodeck safety settings are disabled) and melee weapons, as demonstrated in "". The Borg hive mind can lead to certain downsides: Borg drones have a weakness in that they will usually ignore anything which does not present itself as a direct threat (unless specifically directed to attack), allowing armed but passive Starfleet crew to walk among them relatively unscathed until threatening behavior was observed.
The most important cybernetic component of any Borg is their "cortical node", which controls every other implanted "fixed location" cybernetic device within a Borg's body, and is most often implanted in the forehead above the usually-retained organic right eye. If the cortical node fails, the afflicted individual Borg eventually dies, as it cannot be replicated or repaired. However, successful replacement of the node can be carried out on a Borg vessel if the failure is detected promptly before the afflicted Borg's impending death.
Assimilation.
Assimilation is the process by which the Borg integrate beings, cultures and technology into their collective. "You will be assimilated" is one of the few on-screen phrases employed by the Borg when communicating with other species. The Borg are portrayed as having encountered and assimilated thousands of species and billions to trillions of individual life-forms throughout the galaxy. The Borg designate each species with a number assigned to them upon first contact.
When first introduced, the Borg are said to be more interested in assimilating technology than people, roaming the universe as single-minded marauders that have assimilated starships, planets, and entire societies in order to collect new technology. They are discriminating in this area, finding certain races, for example the Kazon, to be technologically inferior and not worthy of assimilation. A Borg infant found aboard the first cube introduced ("": "Q Who?") shows that the Borg will even assimilate the children of a conquered race.
In their second appearance, "", they capture and assimilate Captain Jean-Luc Picard into the collective by surgically altering him, creating Locutus of Borg, meaning "he who has spoken" or "he who speaks", in Latin, fitting as he speaks to Federation humans for them. After this, life-form assimilation becomes much more prominent in their overall behavior.
The method of assimilating individual life-forms into the collective has been represented differently over time, only consistent in that infant and fetal humanoids have been grown in an accelerated state and surgically receive implants connected directly into the brain, as well as ocular devices, tool-enhanced limbs, armor, and other prosthetics. In "", the method of adult assimilation is depicted with the more efficient injection of nanoprobes-(nanites)-into the individual's bloodstream through a pair of tubules that spring forth from the drone's hand. Assimilation by tubules is depicted on-screen as being a fast-acting process, with the victim's skin pigmentation turning gray with visible dark tracks forming within moments of contact. The individual is then taken away for complete assimilation by drones; The Borg are neither male nor female and individual's reproductive systems are removed during the process of assimilation. The individual has all traces of individuality removed and implants are attached to the new drone so it can become an integrated part of the collective. This method of assimilation is also shown to be much more surgical in nature. In "Star Trek: First Contact" a captured crew member is shown to have a forearm and an eye physically removed and replaced with cybernetic implants.
Because assimilation depends on nanoprobes, species with an extremely advanced immune system are able to resist assimilation. Thus far, Species 8472 are the only race shown to be capable of completely rejecting assimilation attempts. Phlox was able to partially resist the assimilation process in the "" episode "".
Nanoprobes are microscopic machines that inhabit a Borg's body, bloodstream, and many cybernetic implants. The probes perform the function of maintaining the Borg cybernetic systems, as well as repairing damage to the organic parts of a Borg. They generate new technology inside a Borg when needed as well as protecting them from many forms of disease and virus. Borg nanoprobes, each about the size of a human red blood cell, travel through the victim's bloodstream and latch on to individual cells. The nanoprobes rewrite the cellular DNA, altering the victim's biochemistry, and eventually form larger, more complicated structures and networks within the body such as electrical pathways, processing and data storage nodes, and ultimately prosthetic devices that spring forth from the skin. In "", Seven of Nine states that the Borg assimilated the nanoprobe technology from "Species 149".
Though used by the Borg to exert control over another being, reprogrammed nanoprobes were used by the crew of the starship "Voyager" in many instances as medical aids. In one instance, the probes were used to revive crewman Neelix 18 hours, 49 minutes and 13 seconds after death by repairing his body, and are used to treat various visitors' ailments.
The capability of nanoprobes to absorb improved technologies they encounter into the Borg collective is demonstrated in the "Voyager" episode "", where Seven of Nine's nanoprobes are fused with the Doctor's mobile emitter which utilises technology from the 29th century of the history line of the Federation, creating an individual 29th century drone existing outside the collective, with capabilities far surpassing that of late 24th century drones. The attempt by the Borg to assimilate this drone is unsuccessful, so its enhanced capabilities are not disseminated throughout the collective.
The Borg will not try to immediately assimilate any being that it comes to contact with; in fact, Borg drones tend to completely ignore beings that are identified as too weak to be a threat and too inferior to be worth assimilating. Captain Picard and his team walk safely past a group of Borg drones in a scene from the film "" because they are unarmed, while the drones fulfill a programmed mission. In the Star Trek: Voyager episode "", Seven of Nine told Neelix that the Kazon were "unworthy" of assimilation and would only detract from the Borg's quest for perceived perfection.
Maturation Chamber.
The Borg utilize Maturation Chambers as the means of assimilating children that have been captured.
The child is kept in the Maturation Chamber for a period of 17 cycles. There is conflicting information about how long 17 cycles is. Based on information from and the time frame calculates out to approximately 6 months, however in Seven of Nine mentions that she was in her Maturation Chamber for 5 years. 
During this time spent in the Maturation Chamber nanoprobes are introduced into the child's body along with cybernetic implants which either surgically implanted or constructed by the nanoprobes. The child's physical age is also accelerated. When the child emerges from the Maturation Chamber they have physically grown into an adult drone, being no different than a drone that was already an adult when assimilated.
The appearance of Maturation Chambers has changed over time, originally seen in "Star Trek: The Next Generation" (Q Who) and later in and .
Borg Collective.
Also referred to as the "hive mind" or "collective consciousness", the Borg Collective is a civilization with a group mind. Each Borg individual, or drone, is linked to the collective by a sophisticated subspace network that ensures each member is given constant supervision and guidance. The collective is broadcast over a subspace domain similar to that utilized by the transporter. Being part of the collective offers significant biomedical advantages to the individual drones. The mental energy of the group consciousness can help an injured or damaged drone heal or regenerate damaged body parts or technology. The collective consciousness not only gives them the ability to "share the same thoughts", but also to adapt with great speed to defensive tactics used against them.
Borg Queen.
Prior to the movie ', the Borg exhibit no hierarchical command structure, instead using a structure similar in principle to the internet with no control center and distributed processing. "First Contact" introduced the Borg Queen, who is not named as such in the film but is referred to by that name during the credits. The Queen is played by Alice Krige in this film and in the finale of ', "". The character also appeared in Voyager's two-part episodes "" and "", but Susanna Thompson was the actress. It is never confirmed whether or not all of these appearances represent exactly the same Queen.
The Borg Queen is the focal point within the Borg collective consciousness and a unique drone within the collective, who originates from Species 125, that brings "order to chaos", referring to herself as "we" and "I" interchangeably. In "" the Queen's dialogue suggests she is an expression of the Borg Collective's overall intelligence; not a controller but the avatar of the entire Collective as an individual. This sentiment is contradicted by (Star Trek: Voyager), where she is seen explicitly directing and commanding the Collective. The introduction of the Queen radically changed the canon understanding of the Borg function; some fans consider the Borg queen "nothing more than an illogical plot device" designed to make for "good theater."
In "", the Borg Queen is seen as apparently present during Picard's former assimilation at the start as flashbacks in Picard's mind, and was believed destroyed along with that Borg cube years earlier. Here, she instead directs her attentions to Data. After he is captured by her drones, she tries to tempt him to join her by playing on his desire to be more human. She claims that she desires a semi-independent non-Borg being as an intellectual companion. This Queen is partially destroyed when her organic components are liquefied as a result of Data rupturing one of the Enterprise's warp core plasma coolant conduits. Picard finishes her off by breaking her spinal column with his own hands. The Queen is also destroyed in the "Voyager" episode "".
In the "" attraction "The Borg Invasion 4-D", the Borg Queen re-appears after "Voyager" returns to the Alpha Quadrant, but as Admiral Janeway attempts to kill her, she activates a transporter, allowing herself to survive.
In the "Star Trek: Voyager" relaunch novels, the Borg Queen is not a single, irreplaceable entity, but the product of a program called "The Royal Protocol" that shares its name with a Starfleet document outlining requirements when dealing with foreign royalty. This program is used to create a Borg Queen from any female Borg, commanding the technology within her to alter and adapt to the Protocol's specifications. In the relaunch novels, one of the leaders of Starfleet Intelligence gets her hands on The Royal Protocol and, with the use of an Emergency Medical Hologram, turns herself into a new kind of Borg Queen who cares about and loves her drones.
Alternatively, in the game "", bonus content unlockable throughout the course of the game offers further information on the role of the queen. It is suggested that the females of a particular species have a natural ability to filter and control the immense 'traffic' of thought present in the collective consciousness of the Borg. These females, in a sense, serve as regulators or signal boosters even assisting in maintaining the complete consciousness over the thousands of lightyears of Borg space. This also presents the possibility of multiple queens, which would be a suitable explanation for why, on more than one occasion, a Starfleet officer has 'killed the queen.' In the illustration accompanying the explanation, all the females distinctly resemble the queen portrayed on screen.
In the novel Before Dishonor by Peter David, Admiral Janeway is assimilated while exploring a supposedly "dead" Borg cube and is later transformed into the Borg Queen. She is later stopped by Seven of Nine who introduced a virus into the Borg ship. This leads up to the events of the Destiny Trilogy.
In the Mirror Universe story "The Worst of Both Worlds" by Greg Cox, the Borg are led by a King.
Character history.
"The Next Generation".
The Borg first appear in the "" second-season episode "Q Who?", when the omnipotent life-form Q transports the "Enterprise"-D across the galaxy to challenge Jean-Luc Picard's assertion that his crew is ready to face the unexplored galaxy's unknown dangers and mysteries. The "Enterprise" crew is quickly overwhelmed by the relentless Borg, and Picard eventually asks for and receives Q's help in returning the ship to its previous coordinates in the Alpha Quadrant. At the episode's conclusion, Picard suggests to Guinan that Q did "the right thing for the wrong reason" (a T. S. Eliot quotation) by showing the dangers they will eventually face. It is suggested that the Borg may have been responsible for the destruction of Federation and Romulan colonies in the final episode of season one, "".
The Borg next appear in "The Next Generation"s third-season finale and fourth-season premiere, "". In the third-season cliffhanger, Picard is abducted and subsequently assimilated by the Borg and transformed into Locutus, the Latin term for "he who has spoken" or "he who speaks". "Locutus" is the Borg method of describing the former Picard as the representative of the Borg in all future contacts related to humanity. Picard's knowledge of Starfleet is gained by the collective, and the single cube easily wipes out all resistance in its path, notably the entire Starfleet armada at Wolf 359, which consisted of 40 starships, some of which were sent from the Klingon Empire. The "Enterprise" crew manages to capture Locutus and gain information through him which allows them to destroy the cube. Picard is later "deassimilated", a process quite different from what happened to Seven of Nine in Star Trek: Voyager (Seven of Nine had to be totally "Re-schooled" on humanity, Picard merely needed to be reminded of humanity).
In the fifth-season episode "I, Borg", the "Enterprise" crew rescues a solitary Borg who is given the name "Hugh" by Chief Engineer Geordi La Forge. The crew faces the moral decision of whether or not to use Hugh (who begins to develop a sense of independence as a result of a severed link to the collective consciousness of the Borg) as an apocalyptic means of delivering a devastating computer virus that would theoretically destroy the Borg, or to humanely allow him to return to the Borg with his individuality intact. They decide to return him without the virus. This is followed up in the sixth-season cliffhanger "", which depicts a group of rogue Borg who had "assimilated" individuality through Hugh. These rogue Borg fell under the control of the psychopathic android Lore, the "older brother" of Data.
In cult leader-like fashion, Lore had manipulated them into following him by appealing to their restored emotions and exploiting their new-found senses of individuality and fear, hoping to turn them on the Federation. Lore also corrupts Data through the use of the emotion chip he had stolen from Noonien Soong (Data and Lore's creator). In the end, Data's ethical subroutines are restored (having been suppressed by Lore through use of the emotion chip) and he manages to deactivate Lore after a battle in which a renegade Borg faction led by Hugh attacks the main complex. Data reclaims the emotion chip, Lore is mentioned as needing to be dismantled (for safety) and the surviving Borg fall under the leadership of Hugh. The fate of these deassimilated Borg is not revealed.
"First Contact".
The Borg return as the antagonists in one of the "Next Generation" films, '. After again failing to assimilate Earth by means of a direct assault in the year 2373, the Borg travel back in time to the year 2063 to try to stop Zefram Cochrane's first contact with the Vulcans, which would have erased the Federation from history. However, the "Enterprise"-E follows the Borg back in time and the crew restores the original timeline. "First Contact" introduces the Borg Queen, a recurring character on '.
Parts of this destroyed Borg sphere, along with at least two drones, are shown to have crash landed in the Arctic in the "" episode "".
"Deep Space Nine".
The only appearance the Borg made on this series was in the premiere episode "". Benjamin Sisko (Avery Brooks) was an officer on the USS "Saratoga", one of the ships in the Starfleet armada dispatched to Wolf 359. The "Saratoga" was hailed by the Borg cube with Locutus speaking as their representative. The Borg opened fire on the "Saratoga", leading to the deaths of most of the ship's personnel, including Sisko's wife Jennifer. This created great resentment in Sisko when dealing with Picard; for Sisko, Picard was the living embodiment of the suffering the Borg inflicted at Wolf 359, making their meeting in "Emissary" tense when Picard gave Sisko his orders for taking over the station. Sisko found it hard to separate Jean-Luc Picard from the Borg drone who was responsible for his wife's death.
Despite their absence for the vast majority of the series beyond the pilot, references to the Borg, as well as the Wolf 359 massacre, are made occasionally throughout the series. In fact, the USS "Defiant", a primary starship setting from the third season onwards, is explicitly stated to have been designed as a countermeasure against the Borg. In addition, the battle from "" is used as a plot point in Season 5 as Starfleet is spread thin to deal with a Dominion incursion.
"Voyager".
The Borg make frequent appearances in "", which takes place in the Delta Quadrant, the region of space from which the Borg are believed to have originated. The Borg are first discovered by "Voyager" in the third season episode "", Chakotay discovers the body of what the local humanoids refer to as "the Invaders"; which turns out to be the Borg. In "", the Borg are engaged in a futile war against the much more powerful Species 8472. In one of the few instances of the Borg negotiating, in exchange for safe passage through Borg space, the "Voyager" crew devises a way to destroy the otherwise invulnerable Species 8472. A Borg drone, Seven of Nine, is dispatched to "Voyager" to facilitate this arrangement as Captain Janeway refuses to allow the Borg to use neural implants for communication with the Voyager crew.
After successfully driving Species 8472 back into their fluidic space, Seven of Nine attempts to assimilate "Voyager" but is severed from the hive mind and stripped of most of her Borg implants, becoming a member of "Voyager"s crew. Seven of Nine's rediscovery of her humanity becomes a recurring theme throughout the series. Flashbacks and allusions in several episodes, such as "", establish that prior to her assimilation, Seven of Nine was Annika Hansen, the child of scientists who studied the Borg in the Delta Quadrant independent of the Federation.
In "", an advanced Borg drone is created when Seven of Nine's nanoprobes are fused with the Doctor's mobile emitter in a transporter accident. The drone, who adopts the moniker "One", involuntarily sends a signal to the collective, bringing a sphere to "Voyager". One destroys the Borg ship and lets himself die to protect "Voyager" from further Borg pursuits.
In "" it was revealed that all Borg starships have a device called a vinculum which connects all the minds of the drones, eliminates individual thoughts, and disseminates information to the Borg Collective.
In "", Captain Kathryn Janeway decides to attack the Borg in the hopes of stealing a transwarp coil to aid "Voyager"s journey home. The Borg Queen learns of the plot and offers Seven of Nine a deal to spare "Voyager" in exchange for her rejoining the collective. "Voyager" recovers the transwarp coil and uses it, with the "Delta Flyer", to save Seven from the Queen. "Voyager" uses the transwarp coil to travel 20,000 light-years before it burns out.
In "", the crew of "Voyager" stumble upon a severely damaged cube that is holding Tom Paris, Neelix, Harry and Chakotay hostage. The crew later finds out that the ship is run by five Borg children who left their maturation chambers early. There are no living adult drones on board the ship due to a pathogen that somehow infected the entire vessel. The children sent a message to the collective that they were attacked. The collective replied and told them they were irrelevant. Seven of Nine is sent to assist in repairs and negotiate a trade for the prisoners. However, "Voyager" is soon attacked by the cube when the Borg children attempt to rip the main deflector off of the hull so they can rejoin the collective. When the cube's leader dies, Seven takes the children onto "Voyager", has their non-essential Borg components removed prior to most returning to their home planets, some however choose to stay and become part of the crew.
In "", Q's son places "Voyager" in danger and brings Borg onto the ship. Q intercedes, saves "Voyager" and angrily warns his son about provoking the Borg.
In the "Voyager" finale, "", an elderly Admiral Janeway from the future travels back in time, to aid in "Voyager"s return to the Alpha Quadrant through the use of a Borg transwarp hub. The hub is one of six such structures scattered across the galaxy, which allow Borg ships to traverse galactic distances in minutes. The future Janeway allows herself to be assimilated, delivering a neurolytic pathogen that disrupts the Queen's link to the collective. Janeway thus kills the Queen and helps buy time for the young Janeway to destroy the Borg Unicomplex: "Voyager" uses the transwarp hub to travel back to the Alpha Quadrant, destroying it as they do. On the way, a Borg sphere pursues and captures "Voyager", but upon arrival at Earth, is destroyed from the inside by "Voyager"s transphasic torpedo.
"Enterprise".
In the "Enterprise" episode "", the remnants of the destroyed sphere from "" are discovered in the Arctic along with two frozen drones. Once unearthed, the Borg quickly revive and assimilate the human scientists who found them before stealing an unarmed research ship, modifying it to match Starfleet technology in a matter of hours. The drones manage to send a transmission toward the Delta Quadrant before they are destroyed. According to dialogue, their transmission would reach its destination in 200 years, essentially establishing a closed time loop with the events of "Q Who", explaining why the cube in the latter episode was already en route to Earth. Although the Borg never identify themselves as such in dialogue, the episode's events prompt characters to allude to Zefram Cochrane's claims that "strange cybernetic creatures from the future" tried to interfere with First Contact.
Writers Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens developed an unproduced idea for an episode which would have featured Alice Krige as a Starfleet medical technician who encounters the Borg and is assimilated – thereby becoming the Borg Queen.
Other media.
In the non-canonical "" story 'Side Effects' written by Chris Dows, the crew of the "Enterprise" under James T. Kirk discovers an alien station operating near a black hole. The commander of the station appears to be abducting races in a desperate attempt to cure a strange plague among his people. Using his own daughter as a guinea pig, he is able to create a cure for the plague, though the end result is always assimilation into the consciousness of his daughter, the future Borg Queen, for those cured.
In the Star Trek novel "Probe", which takes place following the events of "", the Borg are mentioned obliquely in communication with the whale-probe as spacefaring "mites" (the whale-probe's term for humanoid races) who traveled in cubical and spherical spacefaring vessels; the Borg apparently attacked the whale-probe and damaged its memory in some fashion prior to the events of the film.
In the Star Trek Game "", the Borg are featured midway through the TOS era as "Assimilated Klingon ships". In the final mission, once the player has completed the primary objective, a confrontation with T'urell ensues; she departs, and the player must destroy a Borg Sphere.
The Peter David novel "Vendetta" reveals that the planet killer weapon from the "" episode "" is a prototype for a weapon against the Borg, with a woman whose race were destroyed by the Borg trying to use the weapon against them despite the damage she will cause on her journey due to its need to consume planets. David revisited this concept in a 2007 sequel novel, "Before Dishonor", which features the "Enterprise"-E working with Spock and Seven of Nine to reactivate the original planet killer to stop the Borg.
In William Shatner's novel "The Return", Spock is nearly assimilated by the Borg, but is saved because he mind-melded with V'ger, an earlier form of the Borg, causing the Borg to register an 'imprint' of the Collective already in Spock's mind and spare him as they assume that he is already a Borg. Using the information he subconsciously acquired in the meld, Spock is able to lead a crew of "Enterprise" officers- consisting of the "Enterprise"-D senior staff, himself, Admiral McCoy, and the resurrected Kirk- in a "Defiant"-class ship to destroy the Borg central node, severing all branches of the Collective from each other and limiting their future threat.
In David Mack's novel trilogy "Star Trek: Destiny", set over a year after ', the Borg stage a massive invasion of local space using the totality of their forces. Due to Kathryn Janeway crippling their infrastructure in "Endgame", the Borg fear for their survival and thus attempt to exterminate the Federation and its neighbors. They wipe out the populations of numerous Federation worlds before being dismantled by the Caeliar, the advanced species that spawned them. The crews of the "Enterprise"-E, the ', and the "Aventine" had made contact with the Caeliar, learned of their role in the creation of the Borg from Erika Hernandez, and convinced them to end the threat of the Borg once and for all.
In the "Doctor Who"/"Star Trek" crossover comic, , the Borg join forces with the Cybermen, but the "Enterprise" crew are later forced to work with the Eleventh Doctor and the Borg when the Cybermen subvert the Collective, resulting in them restoring the Borg to full strength and erasing the Borg/Cyberman alliance from existence.
In video games.
The Borg appear as antagonists to the player in the following Star Trek game titles:
They also appear as the main characters of the only Star Trek arcade game, "Star Trek: Borg Contact", where players must squeeze two handles without letting go.
Activision at one point planned to release "", in which the player would play a Borg, but later canceled the game.
In "Mass Effect 2", Legion's loyalty mission – deciding whether or not to infect its fellow Geth with a virus that would re-write their collective consciousness – was inspired by the fifth season episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation: "I, Borg".
In Star Fox Assault, a Creature known as "Aparoids" invades the Lylat system, their goal is to assimilate all living organisms and mechanical devices, much like the borg. however, instead of an android humanoid, Aparoids appear as an insect like creature.
The Grox from the game Spore from Electronic Arts are very similar to the Borg.
The Zerg from StarCraft universe (from StarCraft video game series from Blizzard Entertainment, as well as from books expading the universe), although biological, share some traits with the Borg, such as evolution through assimilation of other species (including human) with goal of achieving perfection, ruling queen from some point in storyline, and hive-mind.
Critical reception.
The depiction of the Borg cube in "Q Who" garnered the episode an Emmy Award nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="20736793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736793" title="There's a Song in the Air">
There's a Song in the Air

There's a Song in the Air is a Christmas carol and Methodist hymn. The lyrics were written by American poet and novelist Josiah Holland in 1872. The music was written by Karl P. Harrington in 1905. The lyrics focus on the Nativity of Jesus and the recognition of Jesus as king.

</doc>
<doc id="20736794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736794" title="Raffles Cup">
Raffles Cup

The Raffles Cup is a Thoroughbred horse race held annually in the first week of November at Kranji Racecourse in Singapore. Contested on turf over a left-handed course, the domestic Group One race is run over a distance 1800 metres (1.12 miles / 9 furlongs) and is open to horses age three and older.
The Raffles Cup was inaugurated in 1991 at the Bukit Timah Race Course and raced there through 1999 when the track was closed to be replaced by the new Kranji Racecourse. It was raced at 1600 metres from 1991 through 2000 then in 2001 it was changed to its present distance of 1800 metres.
Named for Sir Stamford Raffles, founder of Singapore, the Raffles Cup is the second leg of the Singapore Triple Crown. It comes after the Kranji Mile and is followed by the Singapore Gold Cup.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20736810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736810" title="Athol (Henderson, Maryland)">
Athol (Henderson, Maryland)

Athol is a historic home located at Henderson, Caroline County, Maryland. It is a -story single-pile brick dwelling built around 1825 by William Jones. It has several characteristics common to the few remaining early-19th-century brick three-bay-wide houses of modest size on the Eastern Shore of Maryland: Flemish bond facade, common bond on the sides and rear, chimneys at each end of a gable roof, and Federal stylistic influence.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20736811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736811" title="Welcome to the Family (album)">
Welcome to the Family (album)

Welcome To The Family is a compilation album released on November 20, 2001 by Drive-Thru Records. The CD features mostly previously unreleased songs by the label's bands and is packaged in a miniature cardboard pizza box. 
Track listing.
[*] - Unreleased
[+] - Rare

</doc>
<doc id="20736834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736834" title="World Short Track Speed Skating Team Championships">
World Short Track Speed Skating Team Championships

The World Short Track Speed Skating Team Championships are a professional team short track speed skating event and held once a year in a different country.
Top 8 countries from Short Track World Cup Series qualify automatically. 4 skaters from each country race in the 500 meter, and 1000 meters, 2 skaters from each country race in the 3000 meters and a team effort in the 3000 meters relay, for women, and the 5000 meters relay for men. 8 countries are divided into 2 brackets, and do races. Country for first placed skater get 5 points, and 3 points, 2 points, 1 points respectively, sum of each skater for races determine the rank. First placed country qualify for Final A, last placed country qualify for Final B. Repachage is held for remain two qualify countries for Final A. The Championships was discontinued until further notice by ISU after 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20736910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736910" title="Saturnin Soglo">
Saturnin Soglo

Saturnin Soglo is a Beninese politician. He was the foreign minister of Benin from 1992 to 1993, serving under his brother president Nicéphore Soglo.

</doc>
<doc id="20736911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736911" title="Television in Malta">
Television in Malta

Television in Malta was first introduced in 1959. The first person to sell televisions in Malta was The Most Noble Count Consiglio D'Amato.
There are 5 major nationwide television channels in Malta: TVM, One Television, NET Television, Smash Television and Favourite Channel - currently transmitted by analogue terrestrial, free-to-air signals. The state and political parties subsidies most of the fundings of these television stations. The Public Broadcasting Services is the state-owned station and is a member of the EBU. Media Link Communications Ltd and One Productions Ltd are affiliated with the Nationalist Party and Labour Party respectively. Smash Communications Ltd is privately owned. The Broadcasting Authority supervises all local broadcasting stations and ensures their compliance with legal and licence obligations as well as the preservation of due impartiality; in respect of matters of political or industrial controversy or relating to current public policy; while fairly apportioning broadcasting facilities and time between persons belong to different political parties. The Broadcasting Authority ensures that local broadcasting services consist of public, private and community broadcasts that offer varied and comprehensive programming to cater for all interests and tastes.
The only commercial TV station attracts an audience of 2%. Cable, terrestrial and satellite reception are all available, though the cable service is the most diffused, with Melita Cable. The Malta Communications Authority reported that there were 147,896 pay TV subscriptions active at the end of 2012, which includes analog and digital cable, pay digital terrestrial TV and IPTV. For reference the latest census counts 139,583 households in Malta. Satellite reception is available to receive other European TV networks such as RAI and Mediaset from Italy and the BBC from the United Kingdom.
Digital.
Two commercial licences were awarded in Malta in 2005 to Multiplus Ltd and Maltacom (now GO). On July 2005, Multiplus Ltd started commercial operations in direct competition to the existing dominant cable operator utilising a total of 8 frequencies. Multiplus Ltd was acquired by GO in February 2007.
See also.
List of television stations in Malta

</doc>
<doc id="20736930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736930" title="Roxey Roach">
Roxey Roach

Wilbur Charles "Roxey" Roach (November 28, 1882 – December 26, 1947) was a Major League Baseball shortstop. He played for the New York Highlanders in 1910-1911, the Washington Senators in 1912, and the Buffalo Buffeds/Blues in 1915. In 177 career games, Roach had 151 hits in 608 at bats.

</doc>
<doc id="20736933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736933" title="Pequot Capital Management">
Pequot Capital Management

Pequot Capital Management was a multi-billion dollar hedge fund sponsor founded in 1998 by Arthur J. Samberg that announced it was closing in 2009. The firm's investment funds invested in a range of markets through a variety of strategies. The firm invested in public equities as well as private equity, venture capital, distressed securities, and various other fixed income securities.
The firm was founded in 1998 and was based in Westport, Connecticut with additional offices in San Francisco, California; New York, New York; Los Angeles, California; Greenbrae, California; Menlo Park, California; Wellesley, Massachusetts; and London, United Kingdom.
In 2008, the firm's venture capital business spun off to form FirstMark Capital, which is based in New York City.
In May 2009, the firm announced it was closing and in an agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2010, paid a $28 million fine (consisting of $18 million in returned profit and $10 million in penalties), and Samberg was barred from working as an investment adviser for alleged violations of insider trading involving Microsoft Corporation stock occurring in 2001 and a prospective new hire of the hedgefund from Microsoft. On May 28, 2009, with an insider trading investigation ongoing, Samberg wrote, "With the situation increasingly untenable for the firm and for me, I have concluded that Pequot can no longer stay in business."

</doc>
<doc id="20736935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736935" title="Castle Hall (Goldsboro, Maryland)">
Castle Hall (Goldsboro, Maryland)

Castle Hall is a historic home located at Goldsboro, Caroline County, Maryland. It is three-part composition house that is built almost entirely of brick. The original -story house is the largest of the three parts and stands at the northeast end. It was built by Thomas Hardcastle in 1781.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20736949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736949" title="The Prodigal Son (Nektar album)">
The Prodigal Son (Nektar album)

The Prodigal Son is the ninth album by progressive rock band Nektar released in 2001. It was their first studio album in over 20 years. "The Prodigal Son" includes two founding members, Roye Albrighton and Allan "Taff" Freeman.

</doc>
<doc id="20736967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736967" title="Sodium fluorosilicate">
Sodium fluorosilicate

Sodium fluorosilicate is a compound with formula Na2SiF6.
Manufacturing.
Sodium fluorosilicate is made by neutralizing fluorosilicic acid with sodium chloride or sodium sulfate.
Possible Application.
It is used in some countries as additives for water fluoridation, opal glass raw material, ore refining, or other fluoride chemical (like sodium fluoride, magnesium silicofluoride, cryolite, aluminum fluoride) production.

</doc>
<doc id="20736999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20736999" title="Houstry">
Houstry

Houstry is a scattered crofting village, in the east coast of Dunbeath, Caithness, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
A large wind farm has been built next to the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20737005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737005" title="The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Singapore">
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Singapore

As of year-end 2007, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints reported 2,723 members in 1 stake, 8 wards, 1 branch, and 1 mission in Singapore.
History.
In 1960, four members of the LDS Church were found to be living in Singapore. Latter-day Saints from the British military and from Hong Kong began holding church meetings in Singapore in 1963. The first Mormon missionaries arrived in the city from the church's Southern Far East Mission in March 1968. That same year, the church established its first congregation in Singapore. The Southeast Asia Mission, which included Singapore, was created in November 1969
In 1970, when approximately 100 Latter-day Saints lived in Singapore, government officials restricted preaching and visas for missionaries. Progress continued through the efforts of local members and the Singapore Mission was created in 1974 under the leadership of G. Carlos Smith. By 1976, church membership in Singapore totaled 309. Singapore was re-opened to full-time church missionaries in January 1980. Five years later, church membership in Singapore was 960. By 1990, the church had constructed three meetinghouses that served approximately 1,300 members.
In August 1992, Jon Huntsman, Jr., a Latter-day Saint who had preached as a missionary in Taiwan, was sworn into office as the United States Ambassador to Singapore. By mid-1993, church membership in Singapore totaled 1,750 in seven congregations.

</doc>
<doc id="20737015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737015" title="Television in Croatia">
Television in Croatia

Television in Croatia was first introduced in 1956. As of 2012 there are 10 nationwide and 21 regional DVB-T (Digital Video Broadcasting – Terrestrial) television channels, and more than 30 other channels either produced in the Republic of Croatia or produced for the Croatian market and broadcast via IPTV (Internet Protocol television), cable or satellite television. The electronic communications market in Croatia is regulated by the Croatian Post and Electronic Communications Agency (HAKOM), which issues broadcast licenses and monitors the market. The DVB-T and satellite transmission infrastructure is developed and maintained by the state-owned company Odašiljači i veze (OiV).
The first television signal broadcast in Croatia occurred in 1939 during the Zagreb Fair, where Philips showcased its television system. The first regular broadcasts started in 1956, when Television Zagreb was established as the first TV station in the Yugoslav Radio Television system. Color broadcasts began in 1975. Coverage and number of channels grew steadily, and by the 2000s there were four channels with nationwide coverage in Croatia. DVB-T signal broadcasts began in 2002, and in 2010 a full digital switchover was completed. During that period the IPTV, cable and satellite television markets grew considerably, and by 2011 only 60.7 percent of households received DVB-T television only; the remainder were subscribed to IPTV, cable and satellite TV in addition, or as the sole source of TV reception. As of January 2012 DVB-T is broadcast in three multiplexes, while the territory of Croatia is divided into nine main allotment regions and smaller local allotments corresponding to major cities. High-definition television (HDTV) is broadcast only through IPTV, although HDTV DVB-T test programming was broadcast from 2007 to 2011. A DVB-T2 test broadcast was conducted in 2011.
Television in Croatia, as all other media in the country are criticised for lack of balance of global issues and trends on one hand and national topics covered on the other. All major television networks in Croatia are generally thought to be under excessive influence of commercialism. State owned Croatian Radiotelevision is required to produce and broadcast educational programmes, documentaries, and programmes aimed at the diaspora and national minorities in Croatia. The television in Croatia is considered to be important in avenue for non-governmental organizations communicating their concerns to the public and to criticising the authorities. Television is the primary source of information for 57% of the population of Croatia.
Analog television.
Introduction of television.
Zagreb was one of the first European cities where television pictures were broadcast. Beginning on 26 August 1939 the Zagreb Fair featured a Philips television system, operated for short periods each day of the exhibition (until 4 September). The Philips television, consisting of a transmitter and several receivers, was operated by Eric Klaas de Vries in the Dutch pavilion at the fair. The fair newspaper announced the event as the first, after television broadcasts in London and Berlin. The programming consisted of comedy, opera, music performances and the first TV news broadcast in Croatia.
The first TV broadcast after the 1939 Zagreb Fair was in 1956. A transmitter was set up on Sljeme in the Tomislavov Dom Hotel and during the evening of 15 May 1956, Austrian and Italian channels were transmitted (includingRai 1). The first live broadcast produced locally was the transmission of the opening of the Zagreb Fair on 7 September 1956, and Television Zagreb began regular broadcasting on 29 November.
Development.
The Zagreb TV centre became a member of the Yugoslav Radio Television (JRT) (an umbrella organization of television stations in Yugoslavia), acting as Eurovision Technical Centre for the JRT. In 1972 Television Zagreb began broadcasting of its second channel, and switched to airing its programming in color in 1975. The third Television Zagreb channel was introduced in 1988, and teletext service was launched in 1990. Following the breakup of Yugoslavia, Television Zagreb was renamed Croatian Radiotelevision (HRT) and it became a member of the European Broadcasting Union; however, HRT suffered significant war damage to its infrastructure as 80 percent of its transmitters and 30 relay stations were damaged, destroyed or occupied. In October 1999 all three nationwide HRT channels started broadcasting around the clock, but in 2002 the third HRT channel ceased operation. Nova TV, the first privately owned television station in Croatia, began operating in 2000. It was followed by another privately owned broadcaster, RTL Televizija, on 30 April 2004. Both Nova TV and RTL Televizija aired a single analog TV channel each.
In 2002, Odašiljači i veze d.o.o. was set up as an independent company; it was previously a part of HRT and tasked with maintaining the television-transmission infrastructure in Croatia. In 2012 there were 25 TV stations in Croatia, including the four nationwide channels.
End of analog broadcasting.
The Government of Croatia decided that multicast (simultaneous analog and digital DVB-Tbroadcasting of the main channels) was to cease in 2010. The territory of Croatia was split into nine digital-TV allotment regions. The analog broadcast network was switched off gradually (by the digital-TV allotment regions) beginning on 26 January 2010. The process was completed, achieving digital switchover on 5 October 2010, but geographically isolated areas were left with analog broadcasts. The last analog TV transmitter in Croatia was shut down on 30 September 2011, as DVB-T coverage was extended to 98.5 percent of households in Croatia and no less than 95 percent of households in each of the allotment regions. Approximately 6,000 households were left with no reception of DVB-T or analog TV broadcasts.
DVB-T television.
The first trial broadcasts of DVB-T signals began in May 2002 in Zagreb, and in 2008 the government developed an Analogue to Digital Television Broadcasting Switchover Strategy for the Republic of Croatia. In July 2008, this Government of Croatia announced that 106 million kuna ( 14.1 million euros) were earmarked for the purpose. The government-subsidized purchase of DVB-T receivers, distributing discount coupons worth 75 kuna ( 10 euros) to subscribers of the Croatian Radiotelevision (HRT). The first two multiplexes (MUX A and MUX B) were introduced in April 2009, with the third (MUX D) introduced in July 2010. On 5 October 2010 the switch to DVB-T was virtually complete, as all major analog TV transmitters were phased out. The DVB-T transmissions in Croatia are all standard-definition, MPEG-2. MUX A is available to more than 98.5 percent of the population of Croatia, and both MUX A and MUX B are available to more than 95 percent of population in each multiplex-allotment region. MUX D is available to approximately 90 percent of the population of Croatia, and at least 70 percent of the population in each of the allotment regions. There are 897,496 households (60.7 percent) in Croatia receiving DVB-T television only. The terrestrial television infrastructure in Croatia is operated by Odašiljači i veze d.o.o. (OIV). The company was established as an independent entity in 2002, when a division developing and maintaining electronic communications infrastructure was removed from the HRT corporate system. As of January 2012, OIV operates and maintains 222 television transmitters and broadcast relay stations.
There are nine main regions of digital TV allotments (encompassing larger portions of Croatia) and additional, geographically small allotment areas designed for local broadcasters (typically covering a single city). The main DVB-T television allotment regions are assigned markings D1–D9. The D1 region encompasses Osijek-Baranja and Vukovar-Syrmia counties, as well as parts of Brod-Posavina County east of Oprisavci. The D2 region covers the rest of Brod-Posavina County, Požega-Slavonia and Virovitica-Podravina counties and nearly all of Bjelovar-Bilogora County, except for an area north of the city of Bjelovar and part of Sisak-Moslavina County around the town of Novska. The D3 region includes a part of Bjelovar-Bilogora County not encompassed by the D2 region, as well as the territories of Koprivnica-Križevci, Varaždin and Međimurje counties. The D4 region includes Sisak-Moslavina County (except the area around Novska), Krapina-Zagorje and Zagreb counties, the city of Zagreb and the northern part of Karlovac County (including Karlovac and Duga Resa).
The D5 region covers Istria County and Primorje-Gorski Kotar County (except parts of the county east of Ravna Gora and the area around Novalja on the island of Pag), but it includes the coastal areas of Lika-Senj County opposite the islands of Krk and Rab. The D6 region encompasses parts of Primorje-Gorski Kotar and Lika-Senj counties outside the D4 and D5 regions, except for parts of the latter (south of Lovinac) and coastal parts of the same county opposite the island of Pag. Those two areas are a part of the D7 region, along with Zadar and Šibenik-Knin counties. The D8 region includes the entire Split-Dalmatia County as well as parts of Dubrovnik-Neretva County around Ploče and Metković, a part of Pelješac peninsula west of Dubrava and the islands of Korčula and Lastovo. The D9 region encompasses the rest of Dubrovnik-Neretva County.
There are also 12 local DVB-T television allotment regions, covering specific cities and their immediate surroundings. Those are d11 in Osijek, d21 in Slavonski Brod, d31 covering Varaždin and Čakovec, d44 encompassing Zagreb and Velika Gorica, d45 in Jastrebarsko, d46 covering Karlovac and Duga Resa, d53 encompassing Rijeka, Crikvenica, Novi Vinodolski and most of the island of Krk, d54 in Pula and Rovinj, d71 in Zadar, d72 in Šibenik, d82 covering Split, Trogir, Omiš, the island of Šolta and a large part of the island of Brač, and d91 in Dubrovnik.
When Italian DVB-T broadcasting started in December 2010 interference was observed in northwest parts of Istria, and later in areas around Zadar and Šibenik. The interference was caused by the use of frequencies assigned to Croatia by Italian transmitters and excessive transmitter power. A complaint was filed by the Croatian regulator of the DVB-T market, the Croatian Post and Electronic Communications Agency (HAKOM), with the Italian authorities. OIV installed additional transmitters in the affected areas to strengthen its signal coverage and reduce interference by February 2011 at a cost of 1 million kuna ( 133,000 euros). Although Italian Minister of Economic Development Paolo Romani announced in August 2011 that the problems should be resolved shortly (a transmitter causing interference was shut down and the power of several others was reduced), the situation was not completely resolved throughout 2011 and the International Telecommunication Union's Radio Regulations Board became involved in the process. In the meantime, other technical solutions were devised and implemented (in addition to the emergency transmitters) in order to improve digital-television-signal reception.
Nationwide channels.
As of December 2012 there are ten nationwide free-to-air DVB-T television channels, with HRT's four channels, Nova TV and RTL Televizija operating two channels each and the remaining two operated by the Croatian Olympic Committee and Author d.o.o. companies and the government's Central State Administrative Office for e-Croatia. All ten DVB-T television channels are free-to-air and privately owned, except for HRT's channels and the Moja uprava channel (which are publicly owned broadcasters). Doma TV is part of the Nova TV group. Since 2007 television audience measurement is conducted by the Nielsen Company using 1,086 peoplemeters, and it is applied to terrestrial, cable and satellite TV. As of January 2012 HRT, RTL Televizija and Nova TV are using the service.
HRT 1, Nova TV and RTL Televizija channels' programmes are not specialized and comprise news, a variety of scripted and unscripted entertainment, as well as documentaries. HRT2, Doma TV and RTL 2 channels, carry similar type of programmes, except for absence of news. In addition, Croatian Radiotelevision is legally required to produce and broadcast programmes covering education of youths, aimed at the Croatian diaspora, national minorities in Croatia, preservation of cultural and natural heritage, protection of the environment, promotion of democracy and civil society, and support national production of films, television programme and music. Other nationwide channels are specialized providing informational programmes, covering sports or music.
Regional and local channels.
There are 21 regional (or local) DVB-T television channels operating in Croatia in MUX D. The number of channels broadcasting in individual regions varies from one to four, while some local DVB-T television local-allotment regions are vacant as of December 2011. Four regional (or local) television channels are broadcast in more than one allotment region. All regional and local channels are free-to-air. As of January 2012 "Z1 televizija" is measuring its audience with the Nielsen Company's peoplemeters for terrestrial, cable and satellite TV.
HDTV and DVB-T2.
Experimental high-definition television (HDTV) broadcasting began in Zagreb in March 2007; it was expanded to Split, Rijeka and Osijek in 2008. Experimental HDTV broadcasting ended in February 2011. There were two experimental HDTV channels, operated by Croatian Radiotelevision and Nova TV. Pursuant to the digital television switchover developed by the Government of Croatia, broadcasting of DVB-T HDTV channels was conducted in MPEG-4. On 11 October 2011 experimental DVB-T2 broadcasting began in Zagreb, using H.264/MPEG-4 AVC coding and a conditional access system.
Multiplexes.
There are three active multiplexes (MUX) in Croatia. MUX A and MUX B are reserved for nationwide channels, and MUX D is used for channels broadcast locally and nationwide. MUX A broadcasts HRT 1, HRT 2, Nova TV, RTL and "Moja uprava" channels. MUX B broadcasts RTL2 and Doma TV. MUX D broadcasts three nationwide channels—Sportska Televizija, Kapital Network (KN) and CMC—in addition to local TV channels.
A competition for two channels in MUX B was announced in July 2010, and HAKOM received offers for the following channels: RTL 2, Doma TV, OBN and KN. Finally, licenses were given to RTL 2 and Doma TV. RTL2 and Doma TV began broadcasting on 2 January 2011. Licences for broadcasting in the national segment of Mux D were given to Croatian Music Channel (CMC), Sportska Televizija (owned by the Croatian Olympic Committee) and KN in December 2010. They started broadcasting in late March and early April 2011. KN was originally broadcast in MUX B; as holder of a license for a testing period, they won an experimental 6-month period license (and later switched to MUX D, which carries both local and nationwide services simultaneously). MUX B also carries two new channels—HRT 3 and HRT 4. The two are expected to begin broadcasting by the end of 2012.
IPTV, cable and satellite television.
IPTV is recording rapid market growth; between 2009 and 2010, the number of households subscribed to an IPTV service grew by 23 percent to nearly 300,000. In terms of IPTV density Croatia is the fifth-ranked market in the world, trailing only Singapore, Hong Kong, Cyprus and Estonia. The number rose further by the third quarter of 2011 to a total of 349,138 households, representing 23.6 percent of Croatian households. At the same time there were 144,439 households with cable television connections and 104,635 households with satellite television reception (representing 9.8 and 7.1 percent of households in Croatia, respectively). The leading IPTV provider in Croatia is T-Hrvatski Telekom with its MaxTV service, while Vipnet-owned B.net is the leading cable-television provider in the country. Since 2009, some providers offer HDTV reception of IPTV channels. The IPTV and satellite-TV providers normally carry all channels otherwise available in DVB-T, with additional channels (produced in Croatia and abroad) available through various subscription plans. A significant proportion of the foreign channels are localized through dubbing or subtitles. The two largest IPTV and cable TV providers offer 31 channels produced in Croatia (or specifically for Croatia), in addition to those broadcasting in DVB-T. Viewership of cable and satellite TV channels broadcast by HRT, RTL Televizija, Nova TV and Z1 Televizija is measured by Nielsen Company peoplemeters.
Dedicated satellite channels.
HRT broadcasts dedicated satellite channels for Europe and the Middle East, North and South America, Australia and New Zealand; viewing the channels requires a subscription. Channels broadcast to Europe and the Middle East via the Eutelsat 16A satellite (using Viaccess conditional access) are HRT 1, HRT 2, HRT 3 and HRT 4. The satellite channels are also used to transmit three free-to-air radio channels produced by HRT. North America, Australia and New Zealand receive the Slika Hrvatske (Picture of Croatia) channel via the Galaxy 19 (North America) and the Optus D2 (Australia and New Zealand) satellites. The broadcast are encrypted using Irdeto 2 conditional access.
Market regulation.
The television industry in Croatia is regulated by the Croatian Post and Electronic Communications Agency (HAKOM). HAKOM was established by the Electronic Communications Act of 26 June 2008; pursuant to Article 5 of the act, HAKOM is tasked with promoting and safeguarding market competition and the interests of service users in the field of electronic communication services and infrastructure, while contributing to the development of the internal market of the European Union. HAKOM's goals include ensuring sustainable development of the electronic communications market at affordable prices for consumers, providing fair conditions for return on investment in the market and contributing to the quality of life in Croatia. Further regulation of the television is performed by the Electronic Media Council, which enacts mandatory regulation applying to both state-run and privately owned broadcasters based in Croatia. One such regulation, aimed at protection of minors, restricts depictions of violence, sexual intercourse, profanity, use of intoxicating substances and tobacco and other scenes which may be harmful to development of minors between seven in the morning and nine, ten or eleven in the evening, depending on rating of specific programme—advising that the programme is not suitable for persons under 12, 15 or 18 years of age respectively. The restriction does not apply to educational, documentary, science or news programming.
HAKOM grants, evaluates and revokes broadcast licenses for all forms of electronic communications in Croatia, approves mergers of communications-industry companies, imposes fines on those who are found to be in breach of applicable regulation and conducts constant supervision of the industry.
Language localisation.
National legislation requires that all television programmes broadcasts in Croatia are made in Croatian language or with appropriate translations either using dubbing or subtitling. In general, all foreign programming is subtitled, except for cartoons and narrated parts of documentaries and similar programmes. An attempt to change this was made by Nova TV in 2006, when a soap opera was dubbed, but the move provoked negative response from viewers and critics, causing the experiment to be abandoned. The legislation does not provide for mutually intelligible languages. That led to formal requests made by the Electronic Media Council demanding language localisation of television programmes made in Serbian language. Ultimately, that issue was resolved through subtitling using teletext service normally used for closed captioning.
Social impact.
Television in Croatia, as all other media in the country are criticised for lack of balance of global issues and trends on one hand and national topics covered on the other. All major television networks in Croatia are generally thought to be under excessive influence of commercialism. This is viewed through international ownership structures of the privately owned television broadcasters having little regard for promotion of national culture and social issues, as well as through efforts of the state-run HRT to attract advertisers through programming that is thought to appeal to the viewers the best in spite of regulation of programming content and restricted advertising at the HRT. The HRT is limited by a special legislation regulating that broadcaster to four minutes of advertising in prime time period between 6 and 10 in the evening. On the other hand, the HRT receives income from a fee charged to owners of television sets in Croatia in the amount of 1.5% of average monthly net wage in Croatia. In 2012, the fee charged is 80 kunas ( 10.60 Euros). In 2010, annual income of the HRT generated by the fee amounted to 1.2 billion kunas ( 160 million Euros).
Even though social impact of television in Croatia is considered to be imperfect and that of variable quality, television is important in the society because it offers a way for non-governmental organizations to communicate their concerns to the public and to criticise the government and other aspects of politics of Croatia. Television is the most widespread source of information in Croatia—on average 57% of the population of Croatia uses television as their primary source of information. That percentage varies significantly by geographic region—from 43% in Zagreb and areas surrounding the capital to 79% in Slavonia—but in every region it surpasses all other sources of information, the second most widely used source of information being the Internet averaging at 19%. In 2012 there were 1.676 million registered television sets in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20737025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737025" title="Willow Grove (Greensboro, Maryland)">
Willow Grove (Greensboro, Maryland)

Willow Grove is a historic home located at Greensboro, Caroline County, Maryland, United States. It is one of the few Georgian-style houses in Caroline County that were constructed between 1780 and 1790. It is a two-story brick house covered with a thin coat of stucco, measuring 37 feet long and 34 feet deep. It was built by Matthew Driver, Jr., who with three other members from Caroline County ratified the United States Constitution at the State Convention in 1788.
Willow Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20737052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737052" title="S. Rm. M. Ramaswami Chettiar">
S. Rm. M. Ramaswami Chettiar

Diwan Bahadur Satappa Ramanatha Muttaiya Ramaswami Chettiar (1872 – November 5, 1918) was an Indian businessman and philanthropist from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Early life.
Ramaswami Chettiar was born in 1872 to Muttaiya or Muthiah Chettiar of Chidambaram who was well known for his philanthropic activities. Muttaiya Chettiar had donated over twenty lakhs of rupees for the renovation of the Nataraja temple at Chidambaram. Ramaswami was the second son of Muttaiya Chettiar. His younger brother was Annamalai Chettiar.
Indian Bank.
In 1906, the Arbuthnot Bank, the biggest banking institution in Madras city, crashed leaving thousands penniless. As a result, the idea of an Indian-owned bank was floated. The Indian Bank eventually came into being the very same year. Ramaswami Chettiar was one of the founder-directors of the bank.
In 1907, Ramaswamy Chettiar resigned and was succeeded as director by his younger brother Annamalai Chettiar.
Administrative positions.
Ramaswami Chettiar was elected chairman of the municipal council of Chidambaram and in December 1909, elected to the Madras Legislative Council.
Philanthropic activities.
In 1912, Ramaswami Chettiar donated rupees one lakh to the Chidambaram Municipal Board for the construction of water-works in the town. Ramaswami Chettiar established the Ramaswami Chettiar Town High School in Chidambaram in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="20737087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737087" title="Achlis">
Achlis

The Achlis was one of a number of strange creatures listed in Roman mythology by Pliny the Elder in the 1st century BC. He described it as saying it looked somewhat like an elk, though it bore some very strange characteristics. It was said its upper lip was so large that it had to graze backwards to avoid its lip falling over its mouth. A great problem because its back legs had no joints, forcing it to sleep standing up or leaning against a tree. This allowed hunters a relatively easy way to catch them. They chopped halfway through the tree where the creature slept and when the Achlis put any weight against it he fell onto the ground. Because of its back legs it could not get to its feet fast enough to get away.

</doc>
<doc id="20737090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737090" title="African Handball Cup Winners' Cup">
African Handball Cup Winners' Cup

The Africa Handball Championship for Clubs Winner's Cup is an annual international club handball competition run by the African Handball Confederation. The cup winners from Africa's national handball leagues are invited to participate in this competition.
Summary.
"" A round-robin tournament determined the final standings.

</doc>
<doc id="20737100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737100" title="The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Malaysia">
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Malaysia

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) reports 8,967 members in 33 congregations in Malaysia.
History.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) has had a presence in Malaysia for less than 40 years.
When the Singapore Mission of the church was established in 1974, Malaysia was within the boundaries of the mission. Mormon missionaries were rotated in and out of the country on 30-day tourist visas to comply with Malaysian law.
After the government granted the LDS Church recognition status in 1977, Elder and Sister Werner Kiepe were sent as senior missionaries to Malaysia. They helped acquire the first property owned by the church in Malaysia in the suburb of Kuala Lumpur. Church membership was small with many members being Americans, Australians temporarily working in the country; there were also some Chinese members living in the country.
A milestone was reached when two native Malaysian men were called in 1981 to serve as missionaries in the Singapore Mission. In the same year, a district was organized in Malaysia. In 1986, the seminary and institute program was established in the country. In 1990, King Syed Putra Jamallulail, the Raja of Perlis, was honored during a visit at the church's Polynesian Cultural Center in Laie, Hawaii.
In 1995, Joseph B. Wirthlin of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles visited Malaysia and dedicated the country for "the preaching the gospel". Convert baptisms have doubled in 1998 over those in 1997.
Ground was broken for the first meetinghouse in East Malaysia at Kota Kinabalu on 16 April 2003. Though it was the first groundbreaking of a meetinghouse in Malaysia, it was the second meetinghouse dedicated in the country.
On August 2, 2003, the Malaysia district holds its women's conference.
Latter-day Saint Charities, the humanitarian arm of the Church, assisted 15 Malaysian communities with providing a reliable supply of clean drinking water.
Missions.
Malaysia is within the boundaries of the church's Singapore Mission.

</doc>
<doc id="20737119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737119" title="Lantian">
Lantian

Lantian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20737169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737169" title="Totaig">
Totaig

Totaig (from Old Norse "Topt-vík") is a small crofting settlement on the west coast of Loch Dunvegan on the Isle of Skye.
The village of Dunvegan is 5 miles to the south east.

</doc>
<doc id="20737196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737196" title="Charlotte Observer Marathon">
Charlotte Observer Marathon

The Charlotte Observer Marathon was a significant annual marathon which took place in Charlotte, North Carolina, between the years of 1977 and 2004. The marathon was held as part of a larger event, known as The Charlotte Observer Racefest, which usually also included a 10K race and other sports and fitness events. The race course changed many times over the years, but typically started in front of the Charlotte Observer building on South Tryon Street and headed toward the south of the city through parts of Dilworth, Myers Park, SouthPark, Quail Hollow, and Cotswold. The rolling terrain of Charlotte made the course fairly challenging. MarathonPal.com listed it as one of the top 26 marathons in North America.
Early history.
The inaugural race occurred on December 3, 1977, and was won by Lee Fidler in a time of 2:19:04.
There was no race in 1979 due to the event being moved from December to January, which would become its traditional position on the calendar.
The marathon found tremendous popularity in its early years as it was started at the height of the running boom in the United States. It was also one of only a few marathons at the time that was held on the Mid-Atlantic coast.
In 1984 the marathon offered prize money for the first time, awarding a total purse of $2000. Both the quality and quantity of participants continued to grow through the mid and late 1980s.
Quality.
Many national class performances were turned in over the history of the event. Eight women ran sub 2:50 (2 hours, 50 minutes) times, while 39 men went sub 2:20. Each of the first 14 men's champions turned in sub 2:25 times. After 1991 winning times for men showed a slowing trend, with the exception of the 1995 and 1996 championship and trials events.
The women's course record was set in 1991 by Canadian Lisa Presedo in a time of 2:43:53. After 1991 the women still turned in some national class performances (1993 and 1998), but winning times generally followed a similar slowing trend as the men.
Decline.
The 1990s saw a drop off in the popularity of the marathon as the running boom cooled and Charlotte faced increasing competition from other marathons in bigger cities and vacation destinations. Additionally, the marathon's reputation for having a challenging course dissuaded many runners who were seeking Boston Marathon qualifying times.
In 1995 and 1996 the marathon was host to the USA Mens National Championships, with the 1996 race also serving as the USA Mens Olympic Trials. Although the events were technically separate from the main marathon, they were held on the same day and the same course, with a slightly earlier starting time. The event record was set during the 1996 Olympic Trials race by Robert Kempainen in a time of 2:12:45.
For 1998, facing a continuing slide in entrants, Racefest events were moved from their usual January date to an April date in an attempt to make the races more spectator friendly. However, this raised the ire of many runners who were concerned warmer springtime temperatures would make the marathon even more difficult.
Marathon For Peace.
Citing increasing expenses and declining participation, The Charlotte Observer announced a reevaluation of Racefest events, and canceled the marathon for 1999, opting for a less expensive half marathon event instead. As a result, in January 1999 the inaugural Charlotte Marathon Run for Peace took place, an event unaffiliated with the Charlotte Observer Racefest. The Marathon Run For Peace was an extension of an older December event, the Run For Peace 10 Miler, and used a point-to-point route that started in Davidson, North Carolina, and ended in Charlotte.
For 2002 The Charlotte Observer returned as a title sponsor, joining forces with the Run For Peace. The marathon was run under the banner of the Charlotte Observer Marathon Run For Peace and was held on January 19 of that year. The following year, in 2003, the race was again run as simply The Charlotte Observer Marathon, before being renamed as the Charlotte Observer Run For Peace in 2004. Also in 2004 the race course returned to its more traditional loop configuration of the early years.
Demise.
In October 2004 the race's director, Grayson Henry Russell, was charged with mail fraud after it was discovered he was funneling checks written by race participants and sponsors into an unauthorized bank account to which only he had access, a charge to which he later pleaded guilty. As a result, The Charlotte Observer withdrew its financial support for the marathon, effectively ending the annual event. Although there was a 5K and 10K event under the Marathon For Peace name in early 2005, support for a renewed Marathon For Peace could not be found.
Beginning in 2005, The Charlotte Observer Marathon was supplanted by the Thunder Road Marathon, a NASCAR racing themed event which occurs in November every year.
Criticism.
Although newspaper coverage of the marathon was extensive in the pages of the Charlotte Observer, the paper was frequently criticized over the years for not printing road racing results from other Charlotte area events. Critics charged the paper did not want to promote events other than its own.
However in the intervening years since the demise of the marathon, the Charlotte Observer continues to regard road racing results as not news worthy and does not print them.

</doc>
<doc id="20737243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737243" title="The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Sri Lanka">
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Sri Lanka

As of year-end 2007, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) reported 1,228 members in 1 district and 4 branches in Sri Lanka.
History.
Two Mormon missionaries, Chauncey W. West and Benjamin F. Dewey, arrived in Ceylon in May 1853. They briefly labored in Galle and Colombo but could find neither a hall in which to preach nor a person to listen to their message, thanks largely to the influence of anti-Mormon tracts and newspaper articles. They remained in the country only a short time before returning to India.
The LDS Church’s next official contact with Sri Lanka was in August 1975, when two missionaries en route home from the church's Singapore Mission were assigned to stop in Sri Lanka to explore the prospects for initiating missionary work. They reported favorably.
In 1976, Clarence Long, a Latter-day Saint from Texas, visited Colombo on business and became acquainted with Reginald and Easvary Rasiah and presented them with a copy of the Book of Mormon. Their son, Rosignald Rasiah traveled to the United States to work for Long and was baptized in Texas in June 1977. Reginald and Easvary Rasiah were baptized in August 1977, and a few of their family members and others were baptized in ensuing months.
The Sri Lanka Branch of the church was organized in March 1978 with Reginald Rasiah as president. The church was officially registered in March 1979.
In 1979, the church's Genealogical Society of Utah started microfilming Sri Lanka’s vital records. The LDS Church and the Rotary Club in Columbo worked together to start a program to teach English as a second language in February 1982.
Several senior couples served in Sri Lanka beginning in the late 1970s. They did not actively proselytize, but taught those who requested more information about the church. Missionaries were removed from the country at different times due to civil war. Sri Lanka had one branch and 135 members in 1990. Limited numbers of young foreign missionaries were allowed to serve there beginning about the late 1990s. This led to accelerated church growth.
The first chapel in Sri Lanka was dedicated in December 2001. In 2003, membership reached 783.
Tsunami relief.
After the 2004 Asian tsunami, the LDS Church brought aid and other assistance to the tsunami devastated countries, including Sri Lanka. Relief supplies, including food, hygiene, and educational kits, were given to those affected by the tsunami. The church assisted in building villages. Among other aids and services, the church built more than 650 boats and gave micro-credit loans to hundreds of women to support each other in various livelihood efforts.
Thousands of hygiene kits were distributed.
In addition to giving humanitarian aid, youth in Long Beach California wrote letters of comfort, friendship and encouragement which wer hand-delivered to children in Sri Lanka.
Members of the Geneva Switzerland Stake made and provided hygiene kits and collected several tons clothing and bedding for tsunami devastated countries, including Sri Lanka. 
Some Latter-day Saints in Virginia traveled to Sri Lanka at their own expense and formed a group called "Sri Lankan Help". When they arrived in Sri Lanka this group saw people were receiving basic needs like food and water, but many psychological needs were not being addressed. They addressed this need by performing various acts of kindness.
Merrill Osmond, a member of the LDS Church, performed at a Tsunami Relief Fund-raiser hosted by the Los Angeles World Affairs Council.
Missions.
The country was within the boundaries of the church's Singapore Mission until 1 November 2007 at which time came under the direction of the India Bangalore Mission at the same time that the India New Delhi Mission was formed.

</doc>
<doc id="20737304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737304" title="Rilana Erades">
Rilana Erades

Rilana Erades (born November 4, 1984) is a Dutch female darts player. She uses the nickname Dutch dynamite for her matches.
Career.
Erades made her World Championship debut in 2008, losing in the quarter finals to Karin Krappen. She had earlier reached the semi finals of the 2007 World Masters, beating Irina Armstrong and Lisa Ashton before losing to Karen Lawman.
Erades qualified for the 2009 BDO World Darts Championship as the stand-by qualifier where she defeated number 3 seed Julie Gore in the quarter finals via a sudden death leg before losing to Francis Hoenselaar in the semis.
Erades previously played water polo and represented the Netherlands at junior level.

</doc>
<doc id="20737330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737330" title="Jodine Costanzo">
Jodine Costanzo

Jodine M. Costanzo (born July 1966) is an American television news reporter in Pittsburgh and a former television news anchor in Cleveland, Chicago and Pittsburgh.
Early life and education.
A native of Pittsburgh, Costanzo graduated from South Park High School South Park, Pennsylvania. She earned a degree in communications from Indiana University of Pennsylvania.
During college, Costanzo was an intern at KDKA-TV in Pittsburgh.
Professional career.
Costanzo began her broadcasting career working for WDTV-TV in Clarksburg, West Virginia. She later joined WDTN-TV in Dayton, Ohio.
In early 1992, Costanzo was hired as a reporter at WKYC-TV in Cleveland, Ohio. She eventually became the co-anchor of a revived noon news program until leaving the station in 1996 to take a job in Chicago.
In August 1996, Costanzo joined WBBM-TV in Chicago as an early morning news anchor, co-anchoring with Joan Lovett. In November 1996, Costanzo shifted to full-time reporting for WBBM.
In March 1998, Costanzo joined WPXI-TV in Pittsburgh as a weekend anchor and reporter. After five years as an anchor, she stepped down as a full-time anchor at the end of June 2003 and shifted to full-time reporting. "I walk away with a heavy heart because I enjoy anchoring the weekends, but I really want to spend more time with my son," she told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette at the time. "That's where my priorities are right now."
Personal.
Costanzo and her husband, Richard L. "Rick" Downey, have two children and live in Pittsburgh.
In 1997 and 1998, before she was married, Costanzo was romantically linked to WBBM-TV weather forecaster (now with CBS' "The Early Show") Dave Price, according to an article in the Chicago Sun-Times that was published on February 11, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20737376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737376" title="Boomerang Range">
Boomerang Range

The Boomerang Range, (at ), is a narrow mountain range on the western side of the Skelton Glacier and Skelton Névé, Antarctica. The range is curved like a boomerang, and extends generally north-south for about 25 km. It was mapped and named in 1957 by geologists in the New Zealand party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (CTAE), 1956-58.

</doc>
<doc id="20737398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737398" title="Marcel Ciampi">
Marcel Ciampi

Marcel Paul Maximin Ciampi (29 May 1891 – 2 September 1980) was a French pianist and teacher. He held the longest tenure in the history of the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris and also became head of piano classes at the Yehudi Menuhin School in England. He worked with many of the great names of the 20th century, including Claude Debussy, Pablo Casals, Jacques Thibaud, Georges Enesco, Alfred Cortot, Vlado Perlemuter and Lazare Lévy.
Ciampi was taught by Louis Diémer at the Paris Conservatoire and won the first prize for pianoforte in 1909. He had a brilliant career as a concert pianist, appearing with orchestras in France, London, Amsterdam, Brussels, Prague, Warsaw, Sofia and Athens. He turned to teaching and had a particular influence on Hephzibah Menuhin and her sister Yaltah Menuhin. He accepted Yaltah at age four, after hearing her play Robert Schumann’s "Kinderszenen".
His students also included Yvonne Loriod, Cécile Ousset, Thea Musgrave, John Carmichael, Mícéal O'Rourke, Jean-Marc Luisada, Pierre Hétu, Kathryn Stott, Melvyn Tan, Nancy Bricard, Avi Schönfeld, Beryl Sedivka, Andree Juliette Brun, Sally Sargent, Grant Foster, Mary Lou Muller, Anna-Marie Globenski, Eric Heidsieck, Jacqueline Cole, Bernard King and many others. Another of his students was John-Paul Bracey, who was to become his biographer.
Ciampi recorded some early electrical solo and chamber music discs for French Columbia. His available recordings on CD include César Franck’s Piano Quintet with the Capet Quartet. His family also had international careers. His assistants were Denyse Rivière and Blanche Bascourret de Guéraldi.
His compositions include Six Studies for the piano. He was a jury member on competitions such as the Alexander Brailowsky Competition in Liège and the Eugène Ysaÿe Competition in Brussels.
Ciampi was appointed an Officer of the Légion d'honneur and the Belgian Order of Léopold. He died in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20737403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737403" title="Walter Oudney">
Walter Oudney

Walter Oudney (1790–1824) was a Scottish physician and African explorer.
In 1817 he received his medical doctorate at Edinburgh. A few years afterwards he was appointed by the British government as consul for promotion of trade to the Kingdom of Bornu in sub-Saharan Africa. In early 1822 he departed from Tripoli with explorers Dixon Denham (1786–1828) and Hugh Clapperton (1788–1827), reaching Bornu in February 1823, and thus becoming the first Europeans to accomplish a north-south crossing of the Sahara Desert.
Stricken by illness, Oudney died in January 1824 in the village of Murmur, located near the town of Katagum. On the journey he collected regional plants, and after his death Scottish botanist Robert Brown (1773–1858) named the botanical genus "Oudneya" from the family Brassicaceae in his honor.
In 1826 the two-volume "Narrative of Travels and Discoveries in Northern and Central Africa in the years 1822, 1823, and 1824" was published, describing the African exploits of Oudney, Denham and Clapperton.

</doc>
<doc id="20737420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737420" title="Grenville Kent">
Grenville Kent

Grenville J. R. Kent (born 1965) is an Australian academic, film producer, author, and Christian communicator. He is the producer of "Big Questions", a forthcoming documentary series examining faith, and the "10 Questions for God" series of booklets. He has earned a PhD from the University of Manchester, England, and a D.Min from the Australian College of Theology, and teaches Cultural Apologetics (Arts/Theology) and Old Testament at the Wesley Institute in Sydney.
Biography.
Grenville Kent is producer of "Big Questions", a forthcoming documentary series. The pilot episode, "Does God Exist? Part 1" examines flight and compares design features of the albatross and the Airbus A380. It includes interviews with two Oxford University professors: atheist Peter Atkins and John Lennox, a Christian. It was shot in New Zealand, Hungary, England, France and Australia. Kent is co-presenter alongside his seven-year-old son Marcus. Future episodes will discuss consciousness, space and the stars, human morality, and whether God genuinely spoke through the Bible.
Kent has taught Old Testament and Cultural Apologetics (Arts/Theology) at the Wesley Institute in since 2003. His PhD from the University of Manchester is in Old Testament literature, and examines the Witch of En-Dor narrative () using film theory. His DMin is in Apologetics (the rational explanation of Christianity)and looks at factors influencing Australians towards and away from belief in God. His MA (Theol) from Morling College studied the Song of Solomon, a piece of Biblical erotica. His MA (Film) was from the University of Technology, Sydney. He also earned a Grad. Cert. Commerce (Marketing) UNSW, BA (Theol) Pacific Union College, and a BA (Mass Communication) UTS.
Kent's memberships include the Society of Biblical Literature and the Evangelical Theological Society in the United States, and the Tyndale Fellowship in the United Kingdom. He has guest-lectured in the Philippines and Trinidad. He has presented papers at the annual Society of Biblical Literature meetings.
He has presented on Christian apologetics for the Cambridge Scholars Network, European Leadership Forum (Hungary) and Campus Life, and travels internationally as a youth outreach speaker across several Christian denominations. He is a frequent presenter on Christian TV programs.
Kent started "Church With No Ties" as a youth pastor and university chaplain in the Seventh-day Adventist Church, where he was ordained a minister of the gospel.
A popular presenter, Kent's speaking appointments have included men's conferences, theology congresses camp meetings, and many others.
Personal life.
He is married to Carla; they have six children: Zoe, Marcus and Ethan, Thomas, Jeremy and Zara.
Publications.
Kent has authored dozens of articles, the "10 Questions for God" Bible study series, films, comic books (graphic novels), books, and book chapters.
Book chapters and scholarly articles.
Scholarly articles:
(See also below).
Book chapters:
Additionally, Kent has many stories published in the "Australian Stories" series of books, which are published from Sydney by Strand:
Films and documentaries.
Kent has produced the following films:

</doc>
<doc id="20737457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737457" title="Penn's Neck Township, New Jersey">
Penn's Neck Township, New Jersey

Penn's Neck Township is a township that existed in Salem County, New Jersey, United States, from 1701 until 1721.
Penn's Neck Township was first mentioned on May 12, 1701. It had originally existed as West Fenwick Township, which was first mentioned in a deed on August 30, 1676, though the details of its incorporation are unknown.
The township was subdivided and dissolved as of July 10, 1721, with the formation of Upper Penns Neck Township (now Carneys Point Township) and Lower Penns Neck Township (now Pennsville Township).

</doc>
<doc id="20737460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737460" title="Interstellar nitrogen monohydride">
Interstellar nitrogen monohydride

Nitrogen monohydride (NH) is a simple compound that has been detected in interstellar space.
History.
One of the earliest papers on the NH molecule was in 1976 by Richard M. Crutcher and William D. Watson. They were still trying to pinpoint the absorption line for NH. There was an already theoretical upper limit of 0.3mÅ, but they needed a more exact figure. They thought that NH should normally be produced on grains (directly or indirectly) at about the same rate per atom as OH (hydroxyl) and possibly CH (methine). However, its formation by gas phase reactions was extremely slow and could be neglected in comparison with the possible rate for surface reactions. The presence or absence of NH at a certain abundance level could then be interpreted as evidence concerning the importance of surface reactions. Their hope was to find the abundance ratio between NH and OH. They weren’t able to find the absorption line for NH. Therefore the observations were inconclusive.
Interstellar NH was discovered in outer space for the first time in 1991 by D. M. Meyer and K. C. Roth. NH is reported in the diffuse clouds toward Zeta Per and HD 27778 from high-resolution high S/N spectra of the NH Å 3Pi-X 3Sigma (0,0) absorption band near 3358 Å. These observations represent the first detection of this molecule anywhere in the interstellar medium.
Shortly after NH’s discovery, Wagenblast, R. Williams, D. A. Millar, T. J. Nejad, and L. A. M., did some work on NH in 1992. They noticed that the observation of NH in the interstellar clouds towards Per and HD 27778 could not be explained with conventional gas-phase chemistry models. They proposed a non-equilibrium model for the Per cloud, which incorporated grain-surface production of NH and OH would be able to reproduce the abundances of all the observed species (except CH+) accurately. A pure gas-phase model and cloud interface model, in which NH and CH+ were formed in a warm and tenuous environment, failed to explain the observed high abundance of CN. Hence, the observations of NH in Per and HD 27778 provided evidence for the presence of grain-surface reactions leading to molecules other than H2.
At the end of their research, they concluded that even though the gas-phase formation of NH is given a large rate coefficient, NH was calculated to be underabundant with respect to the observations by a factor of 30. From this they discovered that a cold environment with a temperature of about 30K favored an efficient production of CN from NH within the diffuse cloud.
Chemistry.
Within diffuse clouds H- + N → NH + e- is a major formation mechanism. Near chemical equilibrium important NH formation mechanisms are recombinations of NH2+ and NH3+ ions with electrons. Depending on the radiation field in the diffuse cloud, NH2 can also contribute.
NH is destroyed in diffuse clouds by photodissociation and photionization. In dense clouds NH is destroyed by reactions with atomic Oxygen and Nitrogen. O+ and N+ form OH and NH in diffuse clouds. NH is involved in creating N2, OH, H, CN+, CH, N, NH2+,NH+ for the interstellar medium.
Significance.
NH has been reported in the diffuse interstellar medium but not in dense molecular clouds. The purpose for detecting NH is often to get a better estimate of the rotational constants and vibrational levels of NH. It is also needed in order to confirm theoretical data which predicts N and NH abundances in stars which produce N and NH and other stars with left over trace amounts of N and NH. Using current values for rotational constants and vibrations of NH as well as from OH and CH lets us study the CNO abundances without resorting to a full spectrum synthesis with a 3D model atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="20737462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737462" title="Toulvaddie">
Toulvaddie

Toulvaddie () is a hamlet, in the Tarbat peninsula, located in Tain, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20737471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737471" title="ARIAD Pharmaceuticals">
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals

ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a small pharmaceutical company working on cancer drugs. The company is located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It was established in 1991 by Larry Bock, David Blech and Harvey Berger. It has strong partnerships with Merck.

</doc>
<doc id="20737517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737517" title="Westmill Wind Farm Co-operative">
Westmill Wind Farm Co-operative

Westmill Wind Farm Co-operative Ltd is a community-owned Industrial and Provident Society that owns 100% of the Westmill Wind Farm which is an onshore wind farm near the village of Watchfield in the Vale of White Horse, England. It has five 1.3 MW wind turbines erected in a line along the disused runway of the former RAF Watchfield. The wind farm has a power output of up to 6.5 MW, projected to produce as much electricity in a year as used by more than 2,500 homes. The turbines were erected in 8 days and the first fully month of generation was March 2008. It has an open day usually in June each year.
The wind energy cooperative was established in 2004 and has more than 2,000 members. The wind farm is intended to help to reduce dependence on fossil fuels whose emissions are considered to contribute to climate change. In 2007 Westmill Wind Farm Co-operative received a Schumacher Award. Westmill Wind Farm was originally developed by Adam Twine who was in the later stages assisted by Energy4All, a company founded to enable community owned renewable energy projects by Baywind Energy Co-operative. 
Westmill Sustainable Energy Trust (WeSET) is a charity formed in 2010 that receives 0.5% of the wind farm's revenue each year. Its objective is to encourage and promote the deployment of sustainable energy, in particular (but not exclusively) within a 25 mile radius from Westmill Wind Farm. Its website has educational material and details of how to visit Westmill Wind Farm.
The community-owned Westmill Solar Park is located on an adjoining site.

</doc>
<doc id="20737527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737527" title="Swan Lake (Manitoba)">
Swan Lake (Manitoba)

Swan Lake is a lake located in the Canadian province of Manitoba. The lake, and several other features in the area, are named after the Trumpeter Swans found in the region.
Description.
Swan Lake covers an area of , with an average depth of , giving a contained water volume of . There is a large marsh complex along the west shore of Swan Lake, near the Swan and Woody Rivers, which is a significant area for migrating birds in the region.
The Swan Lake drainage basin covers and extends into the province of Saskatchewan. It is located between the Duck Mountains and the Porcupine Hills. Two major rivers discharge into Swan Lake from the basin, the Swan River and the Woody River. Other topographic features include Thunder Hill, the Swan River valley and plain, the two river's many tributaries, and Swan Lake and its surrounding delta wetland area. In addition to Swan Lake, there are approximately 30 smaller lakes in the basin; the major ones being, Lac La Course, Madge Lake, Sarah Lake, Wellman Lake, Whitefish Lake and the Woody Lakes. Land elevations vary from 2,600 and 2,300 feet above sea level in the Porcupine Hills and Duck Mountains respectively, to 851 feet above sea level at Swan Lake.
The Porcupine Hills and Duck mountains are forested, as was the majority of the remainder of the basin originally. Explorer Thomas Simpson remarked when traveling through the area in 1837:
Much of the forest has since been cleared and replaced with agriculture. The area also supports significant forestry, hunting, sport-fishing, tourism and outdoor recreational activities. Currently 42.7% of the basin is forested, 38.4% is devoted to agriculture, 15.5% is surface water, with the remaining 3.4% unclassified. Wetlands occupy 10% of the basin, mostly bogs and shallow ponds located in the headwater areas of the Duck Mountains and Porcupine Hills, as well as the Swan Lake marsh complex.
Average annual precipitation in the basin is 19 inches. Frost free period ranges from 87 to 110 days. The basin's average annual discharge is approximately . Of that, up to of water per day are free for domestic use without a water rights license. Less than of annual water rights licenses have been approved (2005). 
Total population living in the basin is approximately 14,000, the largest component consisting of approximately half of the total being rural residents living outside of major communities. The only communities on the lake itself are the main reserve of the Wuskwi Sipihk First Nation (Swan Lake 65C) and the northern part of the Rural Municipality of Mountain, both on the lake's western shores. The largest community in the basin is Swan River, Manitoba, with a population of 4,032. The remaining communities with the exception of Minitonas, have fewer than 500 residents. These communities are:
In Saskatchewan:
In Manitoba:

</doc>
<doc id="20737539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737539" title="Revelation Tour">
Revelation Tour

The Revelation Tour was a concert tour by American rock band Journey. It is the first tour with new lead singer Arnel Pineda in support of the group's latest album Revelation. Before the tour started the album sold upwards of 196,000 copies. The first leg of the tour came in as the eighth top grossing concert of 2008 according to Pollstar. It also helped to launch the album "Revelation" into platinum status.
Concert gross.
2008 20th top grossing concert tour of 2008 bringing in $35,695,481
Personnel.
Special Guests

</doc>
<doc id="20737545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737545" title="Cromer Line">
Cromer Line

The Cromer Line was a railway branch in Norfolk, England that connected the railway junction of Melton Constable with Cromer on the sea. 
Opening.
It was first opened in 1887, as part of the rapidly expanding Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway. 
Closure.
It closed to passengers in April 1964, and to goods trains later that year.
The route today.
Part of the route now forms part of the preserved North Norfolk Railway.

</doc>
