<doc id="20845916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845916" title="Within (The X-Files)">
Within (The X-Files)

"Within" is the eighth season premiere of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". The episode first aired in the United States on November 5, 2000 on the Fox Network. It was written by executive producer and series creator Chris Carter, and directed by Kim Manners. The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 9.5 and was watched by 15.87 million viewers, marking a slight increase from the previous season's finale "Requiem". "Within" was largely well-received by critics, although some fans felt alienated by the addition of Robert Patrick to the cast.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. In this episode—continuing from the seventh season finale "Requiem" when Mulder was abducted by aliens who are planning to colonize Earth—an FBI taskforce is organized to hunt for Mulder but Scully suspects the taskforce leader, Special Agent John Doggett (Patrick), and instead chooses to search for her lost partner with Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi). Scully and Skinner travel to Arizona, only to be followed by Doggett's task force. There, they find Gibson Praise (Jeff Gulka) and someone who they believe may very well be Mulder.
"Within" was a story milestone for the series. It introduced several new character changes for the season, including the departure of Mulder and the inclusion of Doggett as a main character to the cast. The episode was written as a way to both explain Mulder's absence as well as appease fans who would otherwise lament the loss of Duchovny. "Within" also marked the first major change to the opening credits since the show first started, with new images and updated photos for David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, and the addition of Robert Patrick. "Within" has been analyzed due to its themes of death and resurrection. In addition, the experiments performed on Mulder after his abduction have been thematically compared to the Crucifixion of Jesus.
Plot.
Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) has been deeply distraught since Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) was abducted by aliens. One morning, she arrives in her partner's office to find it being searched by FBI agents. Scully subsequently learns that the Bureau's newly promoted deputy director, Alvin Kersh (James Pickens, Jr.), has launched a manhunt in search for Mulder. The investigation is being led by an FBI special agent named John Doggett. Scully and Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) are taken to the task force's field office to be questioned, despite protests that they would be the most qualified to lead the manhunt themselves. As Skinner is being interrogated, Scully is accosted by an unnamed person who starts asking her about Mulder. When Scully finds out that he is actually Doggett (Robert Patrick), she angrily throws water in his face and leaves.
Back at Scully's apartment, she runs a background check of Doggett on her computer, learning about his background as a former NYPD detective. She feels sick and leaves the computer, and later on calls her mom, Margaret (Sheila Larken). When she realizes her phone is tapped, she looks outside the window to see if anyone is out there. She angrily calls Doggett to protest him monitoring her phone conversations, which he seems genuinely surprised about. She notices a mysterious man and runs into the hall to pursue him, but meets her landlord Mr. Coeben who tells her that he had seen Mulder.
Meanwhile, Skinner visits the Lone Gunmen, who are monitoring UFO activity in the United States in the hopes of tracking down Mulder. Skinner later finds out that someone has used Mulder's FBI pass to gain access to the X-Files, and that the Bureau task force considers him the main suspect. Meanwhile, Doggett has gathered enough evidence to track Mulder's whereabouts before his so-called abduction, discovering that Mulder was dying and had his name engraved in his family's gravestone to mark his death in 2000. Later on, more evidence of high UFO activity in Arizona is found by The Lone Gunmen. Concurrently, Doggett receives information about Gibson Praise (Jeff Gulka) when someone slips his file under his door.
Scully and Skinner leave for Arizona without giving any of their information to Doggett. At the same time, Doggett believes that to find Mulder they must first find the whereabouts of Praise. They locate him in Flemingtown, Arizona, in the middle of the desert. By the time Doggett's taskforce arrives, he has already escaped via a window and is leaving for a desert hill top with another person: Mulder.
Production.
Casting and development.
The seventh season was a time of closure for "The X-Files". Characters within the show were written out, including The Smoking Man (William B. Davis) and Mulder's mother (Rebecca Toolan), and several plot threads were resolved, including the fate of Fox Mulder's sister Samantha. After settling his contract dispute, Duchovny quit full-time participation in the show after the seventh season. This contributed to uncertainties over the likelihood of an eighth season. Carter and most fans felt the show was at its natural endpoint with Duchovny's departure, but it was decided Mulder would be abducted at the end of the seventh season, leaving it open for the actor's return in 11 episodes the following year. "Requiem", the seventh season finale, was written by Carter both as a possible series finale and as a way to segue into a new season. However, the producers found it difficult to convincingly write Duchovny's character out of the script, and explain Mulder's absence in the episodes of the upcoming season.
Hoping to continue the series, Carter introduced a new central character to replace Mulder: Doggett. More than 100 actors auditioned for the role, with only about ten considered by the producers. Lou Diamond Phillips and Hart Bochner were among the auditionees, and Phillips, Bochner and Bruce Campbell were considered for the role. In particular, Campbell, following his involvement with the sixth season episode "Terms of Endearment (The X-Files)", was considered, but, due to a contractual obligation, could not take any work during the filming of his series "Jack of All Trades". On potentially being cast as the series regular, Campbell mused, "I had worked on an "X-Files" episode before, and I think they sort of remembered me from that. It was nice to be involved in that – even if you don't get it, it's nice to hang out at that party." Later in Campbell's novel "Make Love! The Bruce Campbell Way", he joked that Patrick "stiffed him out of the role". In the end, the producers eventually chose Robert Patrick. Reportedly, Patrick was cast due to the fact that his featured role in "" (1991) would attract a great 18–35 year-old male demographic to the show. In fact, Fox executives reported a 10 percent overall increase in the demographic, solely due to Patrick's casting.
Writing and filming.
Carter was inspired to write the scene in which Scully splashes water into Doggett's face, since he was aware that new actor Robert Patrick would be facing opposition from some members of the fan community. The scene was even the first filmed, in order to truly introduce Patrick to the show. After the conclusion of "The X-Files" television series in 2002, Patrick commented that this part of the episode had been his favorite scene in the series, and admitted that he could not think of a better way to introduce his character because the scene not only said a lot, but it had actually helped him. Tom Braidwood, who appears in this episode as long-running recurring character Frohike, similarly remarked that the first meeting of Doggett and Scully was one of his favorite scenes from the entire series. Both Robert Patrick and the director of this episode, Kim Manners, felt that it was the perfect introduction to the character of John Doggett as the leader of the taskforce sent to find Mulder. Manners stated that Patrick gave a new "sense of energy" to the show, since they had basically used the same characters for seven years.
Because the script of the episode does not specify the identity of an unseen person who slides a file about Gibson Praise under Doggett's door, Kim Manners later had to ask the writers who the mysterious visitor was; the director was told by Chris Carter and Frank Spotnitz that the unseen person was actually Kersh. Robert Patrick asked the same question of Manners, around this time, but the director – not yet sure of the answer and hoping to avoid looking foolish – never gave the actor an answer. Patrick thought the reason that Manners was being purposefully secretive was that the director wanted Patrick to still be in wonderment as to the mysterious visitor's identity, as a device for the actor to aid his performance. Manners later teased Patrick that the reason he had not answered the question was that he had not liked Patrick at the time, prompting the actor to ask what he had done to annoy Manners on the first night of filming the episode. Eventually, the director finally admitted to Patrick what had actually happened. Kersh's actions are later revealed and explained in the ninth season premiere "Nothing Important Happened Today".
The majority of the episode—like the rest of seasons six, seven, eight and nine—was filmed in and around the Los Angeles, California area. Before shooting the episode, Chris Carter reminded Patrick various times that he had to be in "good shape". On the audio commentary, Patrick remembers being "nervous" for the shooting of the episode, since he was a big fan of "The X-Files" before becoming a part of the acting crew. The scene in which Walter Skinner tells Doggett that he himself witnessed Mulder being taken away aboard a UFO was filmed in the second part of Patrick's first night of production on the series; this scene also marked the first time that Patrick got to work with Pileggi. The ending of the episode, as well as a majority of its follow-up "Without" were filmed at Split Mountain in Anza-Borrego State Park. According to producer Paul Rabwin, an "incredible heat wave" hit the area during the shooting, resulting in terrible filming conditions. In the desert, the cast and crew were informed that there was a "one in twenty-five" chance that someone would be bit by a rattlesnake. Pileggi later joked that during the filming of his scenes all he could think about was stumbling upon a snake.
The original opening sequence was made in 1993 for the first season and remained unchanged until "Within". The opening sequence then was modified to include new images, updated FBI badge photos for Duchovny and Anderson, as well as the addition of Patrick to the main cast. Duchovny, however, would only be featured in the opening credits when he appeared in an episode. Furthermore, the opening contains images of Scully's pregnancy and, according to Frank Spotnitz, showed an "abstract" explanation of Mulder's absence in this season, with him falling into an eye. Jim Engh, a member of the production crew of "The X-Files", died during the filming of this episode via electrocution, an accident that injured six other crew members. This episode was dedicated to his memory.
Themes.
As "The X-Files" entered into its eighth season, "human resurrection and salvation" as well as "disease, suffering, and healing" became an increasingly central focus of the show. "Within", along with various other episodes during the eighth season of the show, would be the first to explore themes of birth, death and resurrection. The sub-theme of birth first emerged in this episode during Scully's opening dream of an abducted Mulder, which "invok strong birth imagery of the amniotic sack and fluid." Then later in the episode, the themes of death and resurrection are touched upon when Scully is shown Mulder's tombstone. This arc would continue in "The Gift", where Mulder's inoperable brain tumor and the resurrection of John Doggett is explored. In "Deadalive", the theme reappears in full-force: Billy Miles is found dead but resurrects, Mulder is buried for three months, and later, is brought back to life. This sub-theme would continue well into the ninth season, in entries such as "Audrey Pauley".
The episode is one of many to feature Mulder as a Christ-like figure. These comparisons were first purposely inserted during the seventh season episode "", in which Mulder is placed on a cross-like table, symbolic of the wooden cross that Jesus was nailed to. Michelle Bush, in her book "Myth-X" notes that Mulder's torture scenes in "Within" bear a resemblance to the Crucifixion of Jesus. She argues that the metal bars piercing his wrists and ankles are similar to the nails that held Jesus, the metal straps imbedded in his head are similar to the Crown of Thorns, and that his vivisection is reminiscent of the wound made by the Holy Lance. Furthermore, Bush parallels Jesus' "horrific death in order to rise again" to Mulder's abduction, death, and resurrection later on in "Deadalive", which would further make allusions to the Christ-like nature of Mulder.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Within" first aired on Fox on . The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.5, meaning that it was seen by 9.5% of the nation's estimated households. The episode was viewed by 9.58 million households and 15.87 million viewers. The episode marked an 11% decrease from the seventh season opener, "The Sixth Extinction", but a slight increase over the seventh season finale "Requiem", which was viewed by 15.26 million viewers. As soon as both "Within" and Without" were completed, Carter screened them at the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. The two were played back-to-back "like a feature film", according to Patrick. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "The new case is a manhunt. The new agent is a mystery. The new X-File is Mulder." The episode was later included on "The X-Files Mythology, Volume 3 – Colonization", a DVD collection that contains episodes involved with the alien Colonist's plans to take over the earth.
Reviews.
Overall, the episode received positive reviews from critics. Jessica Morgan from Television Without Pity gave the episode a rare "A+". The entry's follow-up, "Without", would also receive a second "A+", making them the only two episodes of "The X-Files" to receive the prestigious rating from the site. "Entertainment Weekly" reviewer Ken Tucker gave the episode a largely positive review and awarded it an A-. He said that Patrick's portrayal of Doggett was "hardboiled alertness," giving mostly positive reviews about his inclusion. Furthermore, he noted that Anderson enacted all "her queasiness" in this episode and its follow-up, "Without". Tom Janulewicz from Space.com also reacted positively toward the episode, enjoying the idea of making the character of Skinner into a "true" believer. Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a more mixed review and awarded it two stars out of four. Vitaris criticized both the unnatural elongation of Scully's pregnancy and the glimpses of Mulder that are shown, calling both "little more than lip-service."
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode four stars out of five. The two wrote that "the episode sings when it reinvents the old and introduces the new." However, Shearman and Pearson criticized the bringing back of Gibson Praise, noting that "the return of Gibson Praise almost derails the episode altogether […] he only manages to make an episode that seemed as if it was giving "The X-Files" a bold new beginning feel like it's about to offer more of the same old stooge." Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examinations" wrote a moderately positive review of the episode. He noted, "In many ways, 'Within' reminded us why we tune into "The X-Files" every week. However, it also reminded us why the road ahead will be difficult. Fox Mulder may be gone, but he will never be forgotten. Or replaced."
Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" wrote that both "Within" and "Without" form "a great way to pick up after the cliffhanger ending of the previous season" and that "the pair of episodes [...] work well as an introduction to the new narrative status quo." He awarded both entries a "B+" and praised the characterization of Doggett, writing that "Robert Patrick brings a distinct, charismatic energy to the part." However, he was slightly critical of some of the episode's features, such as the "trope" of Scully being sad or "melodramatic gloom and overheated monologues".
Some fans, however, criticized the introduction of Doggett, claiming that the character had been intentionally created to replace Mulder's work on "The X-Files". Carter responded to this with a denial of the accuracy of their claims, and further stated in an interview with National Public Radio (NPR), "What he brings is a different approach to "The X-Files". First of all, he’s a knee jerk skeptic so he couldn’t be more different than the character of Mulder. He’s an insider at the FBI, well liked, has buddies. Mulder, of course, he’s been banished to the basement along with all of his X-files. So when he’s put together with Agent Scully, who has become something of a reluctant believer, the dynamic on the show changes completely".

</doc>
<doc id="20845918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845918" title="Nonproliferation for Global Security Foundation">
Nonproliferation for Global Security Foundation

The Nonproliferation for Global Security Foundation – NPSGlobal is a private, non-profit institution with the goal of reducing risks derived from proliferation and use of arms. It has a special emphasis on weapons of mass destruction. The Foundation has 5 major programs:
Knowledge without Boundaries.
This program goals is to increase the access to key information, surpassing all kinds of barriers, to promote the debate, and to raise awareness and commitment throughout communities, about threats related to the proliferation and use of weapons of mass destruction, by states or non-state actors. 
A key project within the program is the information service called Global Security Online.
Education for Prevention and Response.
The purpose of the program is to help develop awareness, specific skills, an integrated view on the matter, and a prevention and response mindset. It is composed by a set of projects and activities at universities and other learning environments, which meet different needs, from highly involved people to public. Also includes scholarships and incentives. 
Ongoing projects:
Postgraduate Course in Disarmament and Nonproliferation, 380 teaching hours
Weapons of Mass Destruction and Nonproliferation Seminar, 24 teaching hours
Proposals for Action.
Has to do with creating a space for research and knowledge growth, based on applicability criteria. It implies going from analysis to concrete proposals for action. The goal is to research what matters and therefore what could be able to affect policy making.
Support for Decision Making.
Adequate public policies and plans are usually based on a solid technical background, and a broad strategic thinking. That is the reason why think tanks and expert teams are often appointed to advice policymakers. 
The goal is to facilitating the design of public policies, strategies, plans, projects, and a wise decision making process, supplying appropriate and opportune information.
Networks of International Cooperation.
The goal is to promote interchanges and common actions with institutions with similar or complementary objectives worldwide. The purpose is to establish long-term relationships based on trust. 
Some of the organizations that have developed links of reciprocal cooperation with NPSGlobal are: ABACC, Nuclear Threat Initiative, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies, Union of Concerned Scientists, Federation of American Scientists, International Panel on Fissile Materials, Women In International Security, Center for International Trade and Security.

</doc>
<doc id="20845920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845920" title="The Fortune Centre of Riding Therapy">
The Fortune Centre of Riding Therapy

The Fortune Centre of Riding Therapy (FCRT) provides education and therapy through horses. It is a UK based registered charity serving as Independent Specialist Provision for young horse enthusiasts with Learning Difficulties and Disabilities whose educational needs post-16 cannot be met in government provision.
The Fortune Centre of Riding Therapy operates a residential “Further Education Through Horsemastership” (FETH) Course. FETH course students develop the skills that they require to lead more independent lives. The use and involvement of horses in the education process is at the core of its unique work. Teaching and learning is through transferrable skills from the horse-based environment to skills of daily living.
The Fortune Centre of Riding Therapy also provides non-residential Equine Facilitated Education and Therapy for young children and older adults with a variety of disabilities. 
Students are funded by the UK government through their Local Authority. Capital income and expenditure is dependent on charitable donations.
The Fortune Centre of Riding Therapy's work is spread across three locations in The New Forest, Hampshire, England.
History.
The organisation was founded in 1976. It has received coverage in the national press on several occasions 

</doc>
<doc id="20845934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845934" title="Minuscule 1424">
Minuscule 1424

Minuscule 1424 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 30 (von Soden) is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on 337 parchment leaves (28 by 18 cm). It has been dated paleographically to the 9th or 10th century). 
Description.
The codex contains the entire New Testament with only one lacuna (Matthew 1:23-2:16). The books follow in this rather strange order: Gospels, Acts, Catholic epistles, Revelation of John, Pauline epistles. The text is written in one column per page, 29-33 lines per page.
The tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") are placed before each book, the Eusebian Canon tables, numbers of the ("chapters") at the margin, the τιτλοι at the top of the pages, a division according to the Ammonian Sections, with a references to the Eusebian Canons, and the Euthalian Apparatus.
There are marginal commentaries on the Gospels (Chrystostomos), Acts and Epistles; only the Book of Revelation lacks commentaries. The manuscript also contains The Shepherd of Hermas. As the curator of this manuscript, I need to report that it does not contain the Shepherd of Hermas. The Eusebian Canons presented, added by a different, probably later, hand.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex, is a representative of the Byzantine text-type with alien readings. Streeter remarked some relations between the codex and the various "Caesarean" witnesses, especially in the Gospel of Mark, but conceded it is only a tertiary witness to the type. But there are more of the Alexandrian readings than Caesarean. The manuscript together with M (021), 7, 27, 71, 115, 160, 179, 185, 267, 349, 517, 659, 692, 827, 945, 954, 990, 1010, 1082, 1188, 1194, 1207, 1223, 1391, 1402, 1606, 1675, 2191 and other manuscripts belongs to the Family 1424 (von Soden's I φ group). The whole Family 1424 deserves a more textual study than it received.
According to Kurt and Barbara Aland in Gospel of Mark it agrees 88 times against the original text, 23 times supports the original text against the Byzantine, and 63 times it agrees with both. It has also 35 independent or distinctive readings. Alands placed the text of the codex in Category III for the Gospel of Mark, and in Category V for the rest of books.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual cluster 1675 in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20, as a diverging member.
The word before the bracket is of UBS edition
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th or 10th century.
The codex was written by a monk named Sabas. Formerly it was held in the monastery Drama in Kosinitza. (formerly Turkey, today Greece). The codex was taken after the Balkan Wars of 1912-1913 from Kosinitza to western Europe. It was brought by Franklin Gruber to Chicago. Lake photographed the codex in 1902. In 2010, the Center for the Study of New Testament Manuscripts photographed the codex.
Currently the codex is located in the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago, as a part of the Gruber Collection (Gruber Ms. 152).

</doc>
<doc id="20845935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845935" title="List of countries by inflation rate">
List of countries by inflation rate

This is a list of countries and territories sorted by CPI-based inflation rate. Inflation rate is defined as the annual percent change in consumer prices compared with the previous year's consumer prices.
The list is based on the CIA World Factbook data and is updated according to the statistical updates by respective countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20845942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845942" title="Cordì 'ndrina">
Cordì 'ndrina

The Cordì 'ndrina is a clan of the 'Ndrangheta, a criminal and mafia-type organisation in Calabria, Italy. The 'ndrina is based in Locri, a hotbed of 'Ndrangheta activity.
Feud with Cataldo clan.
The historical boss of the clan, Domenico Cordì, was killed in Locri on June 23, 1967, in the so-called Piazza Mercato massacre, which signed the beginning of a long blood feud with the Cataldo 'ndrina. The motive for the elimination of Domenico Cordì was the alleged fleecing of some 1,700 cases of cigarettes that were smuggled into Catanzaro by Sicilian mafiosi of the Tagliavia and Spadaro families in Palermo to Antonio Macrì, the undisputed head of the 'Ndrangheta in Siderno. Two years after the killing, the Cordì clan hit back, killing Giuseppe and Domenico Marafioti, respectively the brother and son of Bruno Marafioti, boss of the clan and allied with the Cataldos. A series of hostilities continued until 1975 after the murder of Macrì, when the adversaries, weakened by losses on both sides, agreed to a truce.
The truce fell apart due a bomb attack on July 4, 1993, against the boss of the Cataldo clan, Giuseppe Cataldo. He was the target of a bomb thrown at the car driven by his wife. The car was completely destroyed but Cataldo and his wife miraculously survived. Hostilities resumed.
Another boss of the Cordì clan, Cosimo Cordì, was killed in Locri on October 13, 1997. The Locri football club mourned the death of the boss with one minute of silence at the start of a game. His brother Antonio Cordì – known as ‘U Ragiuneri – took over as the head (capobastone) of the clan. Antonio Cordí was also a municipal counciler for the Italian Socialist Party ("Partito Socialista Italiano" – PSI) and a powerful vote broker in national elections.
Recent developments.
Salvatore Cordì, the son of the old boss Domenico, was killed on May 31, 2005, in Siderno. The police accidentally witnessed the killing when one of the killers inadvertently set off his mobile phone – which was under surveillance – while he descended the motorcycle used in the attack. On December 18, 2008, police arrested Antonio Cataldo for ordering the killing, jointly with three of the material killers. The killing of Salvatore Cordì was a retribution for the killing of Giuseppe Cataldo, a nephew of Giuseppe Cataldo the boss of the Cataldo clan, three months earlier.
In March 2006, police arrested several members of the Cordì family, including the suspected current boss, Vincenzo Cordì, and Salvatore Ritorto, believed to have pulled the trigger in killing of Francesco Fortugno, the Vice President of the Regional Assembly of Calabria. Fortugno was killed in October 2005.
The military boss of the Cordì clan, Pietro Criaco was captured on December 28, 2008.
In 2010, police investigations based on intercepted conversations and government witnesses revealed that the Cordì and Cataldo clans signed a peace after a bitter feud that lasted for 40 years causing dozens of deaths. They formed a strong alliance aimed at a joint management of the crime business in the area, in particular in obtaining public work contracts and the exortortion industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20845951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845951" title="School of Life (2003 film)">
School of Life (2003 film)

School of Life is a 2003 7–minute short film.
Plot summary.
Two kids debate about if they should go to school or not. One of the kids, Stanley, decides to go to school because they might actually learn something this time which makes the other kid shrug and walk away. His teacher, Miss Given, hands out the answers to everything and the only problem is that he has to share his copy with a school bully named Garth.
Reception.
An Iofilm review says, "This is neatly shot and well acted but it isn't particularly memorable. Also, what is with these character names? When was the last time you met a school kid named Stanley? And, more importantly, why give the teacher a name that seems to have escaped from Pilgrim's Progress? Grumbles aside, you should watch it, you might just learn something." It won a BIFA award for "Best British Short Film" in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20845961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845961" title="Aleksey Vysotsky">
Aleksey Vysotsky

Aleksej Vladimirovich Vysotsky ("Алексе́й Владимирович Высоцкий") was born 18 July 1919 in Kiev and died 28 October 1977 in Moscow. He was a Soviet Union journalist and author, as well as a hero of World War II who attained the rank of Colonel.
Biography.
Childhood.
Alexey Vysotsky was born in Kiev into an educated Jewish family. His father was Volf Shliomovich Vysotsky (born 1889 in Brest-Litovsk— died 1962 in Moscow) imortalized as "Velvl" in a song by his nephew Vladimir Vysotsky), who was from a family of glass blowers. Volf had studied in a commercial school in Lublin from where he moved in 1911 to live in Kiev and study at the Kiev branch of the Odessa commercial institute contemporarily with the Soviet journalist, playwright, and short story writer Isaac Babel, then studied with the faculty of law of Kiev University. During Lenin's New Economic Policy he organised a workshop for manufacture of theatrical make-up and a law office. Alexey Vysotsky's mother, Dora Ovseevna Vysotsky (née Dora Ovseevna Bronstein, the foster daughter of physician to the Kremlin, Lev Grigorievich Levin) was born 1891 in Zhytomyr and died 1970 in Kiev. She was the birth daughter of a deceased teacher at the state Jewish school, and finished her coursework to qualify as a physician's assistant (Feldsher) and worked as a pharmacist, and subsequently as a cosmetician. In 1926 the family relocated to Moscow; after the divorce of his parents Alexey Vysotsky initially lived in Moscow with his father, but beginning in the 1930s relocated to Kiev with his mother.
During his school days Vysotsky was friends with Gulya Korolova and Alyosha Pyatakov (the son of Georgy Pyatakov, who was tried for anti-Soviet activity, sentenced to death and executed in 1937), his memoirs were included under the pseudonym L.J. Prajs in Elena Ilina's book "Fourth Height".
Red Army service during the German-Soviet War.
In 1939 Vysotsky studied at the Podolsk artillery school. He was called to active duty in the Red Army that same year as the commander of an artillery platoon of 165th Howitzer Artillery Regiment, which took part in operations of the Soviet-Finnish Winter War. In 1941, after completing school he participated in the German-Soviet War (Eastern Front of World War II). As a part of 18th Guards Artillery Regiment he participated in defense of Odessa, Kerch and Sevastopol, as well as military operations on Don River and in the North Caucasus. He was then ordered to join the artillery battery of 265th Artillery Regiment of 3rd Ukrainian Front. In the autumn of 1943 he was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel, serving first as Chief of Staff of 124th Howitzer Artillery Brigade of the 20th Heavy Artillery Division reserves at General headquarters and then with the 6th Artillery Division of the Reserve Supreme Main Command (RVGK) on the 1st Belorussian Front. He participated in the liberation of Ukraine and Poland from German forces, as well as the final capture of Berlin. He appeared several times in war reports from the front, as printed in the newspaper "Krasnaya Zvezda" (Red Star). He was awarded the Order of the Red Banner three times for extraordinary accomplishments of military valor during combat operations, including for the defense of Odessa in 1941 and the defense of Sevastopol in 1942.
Post-German-Soviet War service.
After the termination of the German-Soviet War military operations, he remained on active service in Germany. In 1949 he was posted to serve as commanding officer of the Haisyn operations section in Ukraine. In 1951 he was posted to Mukachevo, Ukraine where he studied philology at Uzhhorod State University. In 1956 he relocated to Moscow at the Lomonosov Moscow State University, where he finished a degree in journalism. He was demobilized in 1959 with the rank of colonel.
Publications.
Alexey Vysotsky was the author of four books on military subjects, including the collection of stories ""И пусть наступит утро"" (And let it be morning) about his military commander and Hero of the Soviet Union, artilleryman N. Bogdanova's actions during the defense of Odessa and Sevastopol; "Дороги огненной земли" (Roads of the fiery earth) about the defense of Kerch; "Горсть земли" (Handful of earth) about the defense of Odessa; and "Горный цветок" (Mountain Flower) about the struggle of Soviet border guards with bandits in the post-war period.
Discographic contributions.
In 1962 Alexey Vysotsky produced the first professional-quality tape recording of his nephew, Vladimir Vysotsky, at the House of Technology of the Ministry of River Fleets of the of Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic where he then worked. Vladimir Vysotsky's work from that period had not received official recognition and thus he had no contract for recording from Melodiya, the monopolist of the Soviet recording industry, so his work was unsanctioned. With this recording and the advent of portable tape-recorders in the Soviet Union, his music became available to the masses in the form of home-made reel-to-reel audio tape recordings. Together they produced the breakthrough record "For uncle"; one piece was based on an essay by Aleksey Vysotsky about two-time Hero of the Soviet Union, NM Skomorohove and was included in a later formal release as Vladimir Vysotsky's "Song of the lost pilot" (1975).
Family.
His son, Alexander Vysotsky (1945-1992), was a journalist, writer, and held a doctorate of philological sciences, as well as being international class in men's eight competitive rowing, winning a silver prize at the World Cup of 1970 in St. Ketrinse, Canada.
His daughter, Irena A. Vysotskaya (b. 1953), is a children's book writer and author.
His paternal uncle Leon Solomonovich (Leybish Shliomovich) Vysotsky (1886-1974), was a prominent Kiev chemical engineer and inventor, founding the Kiev factory «Himefir».
His half brother on the maternal side was the well-known music administrator (manager) and the poet-songwriter Paul L. Leonidov (1927-1984).
His nephew Vladimir Vysotsky (1938-1980) was a poet, author, singer, as well as a theater and film actor. Vladimir's wife was the French actress Marina Vlady (Marina Polyakova-Baydarova).
His maternal grandfather, Lev Grigorievich Levin (1870-1938) was physician and health-care consultant to the Kremlin, serving as physician to leaders of the party and government, including Lenin, Molotov and Maxim Gorky. He was shot 15 March 1938 on charges of involvement in the putative Trotsky conspiracy to eliminate prominent Soviet leaders.
Death.
Alexey Vysotsky died in 1977, and is buried on the Vagankovo Cemetery in Moscow, as is his nephew, Vladimir Vysotsky.

</doc>
<doc id="20845977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845977" title="Jalan Renchong">
Jalan Renchong

Jalan Renchong (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="20845978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845978" title="William J. Creber">
William J. Creber

William J. Creber (born July 26, 1931) is an American art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He continues to consult on special projects including key street designs for Disney theme parks and rebuilding the street facades that burned in the June 2008 Universal Studios backlot fire.
Selected filmography.
Creber was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20846000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846000" title="Francisco de Assis Barbosa">
Francisco de Assis Barbosa

Francisco de Assis Barbosa, known as Chico Barbosa, (Guaratinguetá, January 21, 1914 — Rio de Janeiro, December 8, 1991) was a Brazilian biographer, essayist, historian, and journalist. He was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="20846013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846013" title="Benzathine benzylpenicillin">
Benzathine benzylpenicillin

Benzathine benzylpenicillin (rINN) is a form of penicillin also known as benzathine penicillin. It is slowly absorbed into the circulation, after intramuscular injection, and hydrolysed to benzylpenicillin "in vivo". It is the drug-of-choice when prolonged low concentrations of benzylpenicillin are required and appropriate, allowing prolonged antibiotic action over 2–4 weeks after a single IM dose. It is marketed by Wyeth under the trade name "Bicillin L-A".
Specific indications for benzathine penicillin include:

</doc>
<doc id="20846016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846016" title="Bernard Bajolet">
Bernard Bajolet

Bernard Bajolet (May 21, 1949) is a French diplomat. On April 10, 2013, he was appointed as Head of the French secret service, the Directorate-General for External Security ("Direction générale des services extérieurs"). Till April 2013, he was the French Ambassador to Afghanistan since 2011.
Early life.
Bajolet was born in 1949 at Dombasle-sur-Meurthe and went to Lycée Henri Poincaré in Nancy, France. He then studied at Paris' Sciences Po, and graduated from the École nationale d'administration in 1975. That same year he joined the diplomatic service.

</doc>
<doc id="20846023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846023" title="Norman Rockett">
Norman Rockett

Norman Rockett (8 August 1911 – 5 April 1996) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.

</doc>
<doc id="20846029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846029" title="St. James Church, Barbados">
St. James Church, Barbados

St. James Parish Church, is located in Holetown, St. James, Barbados. It stands on one of the oldest parcels of consecrated land on the island, often known in Barbados as "God's acre".
History.
The first settlers landed on the island on February 17, 1627 at Holetown not far from the site where the church was eventually built. The settlement there expanded rapidly and it became necessary to erect a place of worship. In 1628 the settlers constructed a wooden building on this site. St. James Parish Church was one of the original six parishes later created under the administration of Sir William Tufton, the sixth Governor of Barbados.
After a hurricane on August 31, 1675 which devastated most of the island, a stone structure replaced the former wooden building in the early 1690s. This stone structure was made from coral and limestone from which this non-volcanic island is made. Another violent hurricane struck in 1780 and according to Robert Hermann Schomburgk's "History of Barbados" only two churches and one chapel remained; St. Andrew, St. Peter and All Saints. There is no specific record of what happened to St. James in the storms of 1675 and 1780 but after the hurricane of 1831 St. James was not among the churches listed as having been destroyed. Schomburgk states that in 1846 at the time of his writing this book, the building was 54' X 40' in size with a seating capacity of 550 and a congregation of approximately '360 souls'.
After nearly 200 years the walls of the original stone building began to decay and were partly demolished and replaced by a larger, more substantial structure in 1874.
In 1874, the nave roof was raised on new pillars and arches. The enlarged building was consecrated by Bishop Mitchinson on Easter Tuesday, 1875. Except for the sanctuary and north porch, added in 1900s, this is substantially the building still in use today.
Points of interest.
Many of the original settlers and various noted Barbadians were laid to rest in the Church and its yard. The dates on the grave stones, vaults and memorial plaques reflect this history. 
The church's first organ was ordered and built by the English firm, Hill & Son, at a cost of 320 pounds. After it arrived in January 1876 and was assembled, the first organist was Charles A. Greenidge and the bellows blower, Reynold W. Gillman. Over time this organ was replaced, with various upgrades performed over the years until the existing instrument was completely rebuilt from 2006–2007 and rededicated in 2008. Some of the pipes and structure still date back about one hundred years.The present organist is Philip Forde FRCO.
The original bell, the oldest in Barbados, carries the inscription "God Bless King William 1696". It was manufactured by the Whitechapel Bell Foundry that also produced the American "Liberty Bell" and "Big Ben". It fell from the belfry in 1881 and was badly cracked but a benefactor donated a new bell. However, considering its historic value the old one was sent to England for repairs and returned to Barbados to be retained as a monument, which predates the American "Liberty Bell" by 56 years.
The Baptistery, on the ground floor of the belfry, contains the original font which is over 300 years old and bears the inscription "Debit Richardus Walter to the Church of St. James Anno 1684." 
There is a popular legend attached to St. James' Church, that a gate in the north wall surrounding the churchyard, referred to as 'The Devil's Gate' is opened about one hour before service. When the bell is rung the Devil leaves the church by this gate, and it is closed as the service is about to begin, so that the Devil is excluded from the area. This is presumably derived from the old belief that church bells were rung to drive the devil out of the building. 

</doc>
<doc id="20846032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846032" title="Methil Docks">
Methil Docks

The Methil Docks are situated in Methil, Fife, Scotland, on the northern shores of the Firth of Forth. There are two docks and vessels up to 3,000 DWT are handled. The Port specialises as a wood pulp and timber distribution centre.
Methil Docks was previously used for the movement of coal and was important during the Second World War, at the time it was the second largest coal port in the United Kingdom. Due to its importance to Britain, German bombers from Norway attempted, but failed to attack the port in 1942. One bomb fell out of the target area at the Wellsley Coal Pit. This was the only time that anywhere in Fife was subject to bombing for the duration of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20846039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846039" title="Mercuria confusa">
Mercuria confusa

Mercuria confusa, common name the '"swollen spire snail", is a northern European species of small brackish water or freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. 
This species only tolerates very low salinities, and is perhaps better characterized as a freshwater snail.
Distribution.
This species occurs on the coasts of: 

</doc>
<doc id="20846042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846042" title="Mukim Kangkong">
Mukim Kangkong

Kangkong is a town in Kedah, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="20846048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846048" title="Procaine benzylpenicillin">
Procaine benzylpenicillin

Procaine benzylpenicillin (rINN), also known as procaine penicillin, is a form of penicillin which is a combination of benzylpenicillin and the local anaesthetic agent procaine. Following deep intramuscular injection, it is slowly absorbed into the circulation and hydrolysed to benzylpenicillin — thus it is used where prolonged low concentrations of benzylpenicillin are required.
This combination is aimed at reducing the pain and discomfort associated with a large intramuscular injection of penicillin. It is widely used in veterinary settings.
Uses.
Specific indications for procaine penicillin include:
Adverse effects.
At high doses procaine penicillin can cause seizures and CNS abnormalities due to procaine present in it.

</doc>
<doc id="20846072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846072" title="Young Fiddler of the Year">
Young Fiddler of the Year

Shetland's Young Fiddler of the Year is an annual competition held over two days organised by the Shetland Folk Society.
It is open to fiddle players 16 or under from Shetland with around 80 entrants each year
There are two main categories, 'Open' encompassing all styles and 'Traditional' focussing on the traditional Shetland style. The categories have junior, intermediate and senior sections.
Previous winners.
Previous winners of the main 'Open' section include:
Notes.
Information gleaned from Shetland-Music website Shetland-Music

</doc>
<doc id="20846074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846074" title="List of countries by gross fixed investment as percentage of GDP">
List of countries by gross fixed investment as percentage of GDP

This is the list of countries by gross fixed investment as percentage of GDP. Gross fixed investment is defined as total business spending on fixed assets, such as factories, machinery, equipment, dwellings, and inventories of raw materials, which provide the basis for future production. It is measured gross of the depreciation of the assets, i.e., it includes investment that merely replaces worn-out or scrapped capital.
The list is based on the CIA World Factbook data. Dependent territories and not fully recognized states are not ranked.

</doc>
<doc id="20846081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846081" title="Internet Crime Complaint Center">
Internet Crime Complaint Center

The Internet Crime Complaint Center, also known as IC3, is a multi-agency task force made up by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the National White Collar Crime Center (NW3C), and the Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA).
Purpose.
IC3's purpose is to serve as a central hub to receive, develop, and refer criminal complaints regarding the rapidly expanding occurrences of cyber-crime. The IC3 gives the victims of cybercrime a convenient and easy-to-use reporting mechanism that alerts authorities of suspected criminal or civil violations on the internet. IC3 develops leads and notifies law enforcement and regulatory agencies at the federal, state, local and international level, IC3 act as a central referral mechanism for complaints involving Internet related crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="20846094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846094" title="Bangkok Elevated Road and Train System">
Bangkok Elevated Road and Train System

The Bangkok Elevated Road and Train System (BERTS, Thai: โครงการระบบการขนส่งทางรถไฟยกระดับในกรุงเทพมหานคร), commonly known as the Hopewell Project (โครงการโฮปเวลล์) after main contractor Hopewell Holdings, was a failed project to build an elevated highway and rail line from central Bangkok to Don Mueang International Airport. Construction started in 1990, but was suspended by the 1st government of Anand Panyarachun in 1992, and was finally halted by legal acrimony in 1997 with only 10-13% complete. The project was cancelled in 1998.
History.
The 80 billion baht (US$3.2 billion) project was approved on 9 November 1990, without a feasibility study or clear timeline for completion, as a joint project of the Thai Ministry of Transport, State Railway of Thailand (SRT) and the Thai subsidiary of Hopewell Holdings of Hong Kong. There were to be three phases: the first a north-south line from Hua Lamphong Railway Station, Bangkok's main train station, to Don Mueang International Airport; the second an east-west line from Taling Chan District to Hua Mak; and the third a spur to the port. Totaling 60 km, all three were to be built on top of existing SRT train lines.
Rumors of corruption swirled around the project from the outset. The first part of the project was due to be in operation by December 1995, with the rest completed by December 1999. However, construction ceased in August 1997 during the Asian financial crisis, with only around 10% complete. Gordon Wu of Hopewell blamed slow land acquisition on the Thai government, which had averaged one coup per year since the deal was signed, while Thai officials stated that Hopewell had simply run out of money. Both sides demanded financial compensation and threatened to sue the other for breach of contract, with Hopewell claiming the work had cost it US$575 million. The project was formally terminated by the Cabinet in 1998.
Status.
The project left over one thousand concrete pillars standing idle along the planned routes, described by the "Bangkok Post" as "a Bangkok version of Stonehenge". Revivals of the project were proposed periodically by both Hopewell and SRT, but were always shot down by the government of then Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. According to an Asian Institute of Technology study, the vast majority of the pillars remain structurally sound and in usable condition, and it has been proposed to use them to build an extension of the BTS Skytrain.
Much of the Uttaraphimuk Elevated Tollway on Vibhavadi Rangsit Road parallels the BERTS north-south alignment, with some flyovers since built that obstruct parts of the route.
All of the BERTS east-west line's pillars were demolished from 2005 to 2007 during the construction of the Suvarnabhumi Airport Link, which opened to the public in August 2010. The planned SRT Red Lines would cover the rest of the BERTS north-south line, and the project has been described as a "Hopewell revival". A section of the Hopewell structure collapsed onto the main northern line on 1 March 2012. A massive concrete slab 50m by 20m collapsed near Wat Samian Nari temple in Chatuchak district. No injuries were reported.
The northern SRT Dark Red commuter Line which will run from Bang Sue to Rangsit started construction in May 2013. The 'Hopewell revival' as some term it, will be an elevated line. Shared tracks or separated tracks for High Speed Rail, DMU/Diesel Tracks, Airport Line extension and Dark Red Line Commuter will eventually be constructed.
Though some of the BERTS structures may be used for the Dark Red Line most will be demolished. Demolition of the pillars on the north-south line started in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20846101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846101" title="Mercury Retrograde">
Mercury Retrograde

Mercury Retrograde is a live album by Jesse Malin, recorded at the Mercury Lounge, New York City in December 2007. The album was originally only released online, on June 3, 2008, and was released on CD on November 10, 2008. Only the first thirteen tracks are from the live set; the final five are studio recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20846116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846116" title="William Frederic Pendleton">
William Frederic Pendleton

William Frederic Pendleton (born March 25, 1845 in Savannah, Georgia – November 5, 1927) was the first Executive Bishop of the General Church of the New Jerusalem, in Bryn Athyn, PA.
Biography.
Pendleton was the son of Major Philip Coleman Pendleton and Catherine Sarah Melissa Tabeau. He became the first Executive Bishop of the General Church of the New Jerusalem in 1897. The General Church had split with the Swedenborgian Church of North America (sometimes known as the General Convention) in 1890 in a doctrinal dispute.

</doc>
<doc id="20846119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846119" title="Kirkland High School and Community College">
Kirkland High School and Community College

Kirkland High School & Community College is situated on the corner of Methil Brae. It is a six-year comprehensive school with its own Community College that serves the adult population in the Levenmouth area. The head teacher is Ronnie Ross.
In June 2012 Fife Council proposed that the school should merge with neighbouring Buckhaven High School by 2016. The roll had fallen from 900 to 576 over a 12-year period.

</doc>
<doc id="20846122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846122" title="Scania N94">
Scania N94

The Scania N94 was a transverse-engined low-floor city bus built by Scania AB, which was a direct replacement of Scania N113.
It was originally available with rigid version N94UB and articulated version N94UA, but from 2002 a double-deck version known as the N94UD also became available.
The N94UD was mainly built for the United Kingdom and initially it was only available with East Lancs bodywork and sold as the OmniDekka, the first bus was built for Metrobus and delivered in 2003. In 2005, Scania unveiled the double-deck OmniCity based on the N94UD. Plans for Wrightbus bodywork on the N94UD chassis were dropped after Wrightbus experienced difficulty adapting the bodywork for the chassis.

</doc>
<doc id="20846136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846136" title="Velivar">
Velivar

Velivar (, , "Velivar") is a mountain peak found between the two Balkan countries of Albania and Macedonia. Velivar reaches a height of and is the highest peak of Dešat. The nearest town to Velivar is Peshkopi in Albania. The position of Velivar on Dešat is almost in the middle of the mountain ridge. Small streams that originate near Velivar flow westwards to join with the Black Drin in Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20846142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846142" title="Census in the Philippines">
Census in the Philippines

The Philippines census is a regularly occurring and official count of the human population of a certain local administrative unit in the Philippines. The population is enumerated every 5 years (beginning on 1960, except in 2005 where it was moved to 2007 due to budgetary constraints) and the results are used to allocate Congressional seats (congressional apportionment) and government program funding. 
The census is performed by the National Statistics Office. 
History.
The first census in the Philippines in 1591, was based on tributes collected and yielded about 666,712 people in the islands. In 1799, Friar Manuel Buzeta estimated the population count as 1,502,574. However, the first official census in the Philippines was carried out by the Spanish government pursuant to a royal decree calling for the counting of persons living as of the midnight of December 31, 1877. This was followed by two more censuses, the 1887 census that yielded a count of 6,984,727, and the 1898 census that yielded 7,832,719 inhabitants
The first census conducted by the U.S. military forces took place in 1903 to fulfill Public Act 467 which was approved by the United States Philippine Commission on October 6, 1902.
2007 Population Census Results.
For years between the censuses, the NSO issues estimates made using surveys and statistical systems. As of 2010, the number of Filipinos had risen to about 92,337,852 persons. 
Santos said the Philippines’ population expanded from 1960 to 1970 at an annual rate of 3.01 percent. This slowed to 2.75 percent for the decade from 1970 to 1980, and further to 2.34 percent from 1990 to 2000. 
The Philippine population growth rate was similar to Malaysia with an average 2 per cent growth rate from 2001 to 2006; but higher than Vietnam, 1.4 percent from 2001 to 2006; Indonesia, 1.3 percent; and Thailand, 0.8 percent.
The most recent national census was held in 2010 and the next census is scheduled for 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="20846143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846143" title="Talampicillin">
Talampicillin

Talampicillin is a beta lactam antibiotic from the penicillin family. It was made by the German scientist Mike Hawk, who comes from the Frauenhoffer-Institut
prodgug,oral use,
ampicilin + 3-oksoftalid
stable in acidic

</doc>
<doc id="20846148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846148" title="IWRG Intercontinental Welterweight Championship">
IWRG Intercontinental Welterweight Championship

The IWRG Intercontinental Welterweight Championship ("Campeonato Intercontinental Welter IWRG" in Spanish) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) since 1998. The official definition of the Welterweight weight class in Mexico is between and , but the weight limits are not always strictly adhered to. Because Lucha Libre puts more emphasis on the lower weightclasses, this division is considered more important than the normally more prestigious heavyweight division of the promotion. Being a professional wrestling championship, it is not won legitimately: it is instead won via a scripted ending to a match or awarded to a wrestler because of a storyline.
The first Welterweight champion was Dr. Cerebro, winning the title on March 1, 1998 in a tournament final against Shiima Nobunaga. Golden Magic is the current champion, having defeated Canis Lupus in Naucalpan, México on December, 2013, to win the title. He is the 32nd overall champion. 16 individuals have held the Champions with Cerebro Negro being the person with most title reigns, fives. Cerebro Negro is also the individual to have the shortest reign, seven days while Dr. Cerebro has had the longest individual reign at 788 days.

</doc>
<doc id="20846157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846157" title="Propicillin">
Propicillin

Propicillin is a penicillin.
Properties are similar to benzylpenicillin particularly used in streptococcal infections, non-resistant to penicillinase. It is acid resistant and can be use orally as potassium salt.

</doc>
<doc id="20846165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846165" title="Azidocillin">
Azidocillin

Azidocillin is a type of penicillin.

</doc>
<doc id="20846177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846177" title="Pheneticillin">
Pheneticillin

Pheneticillin (or phenethicillin) is a penicillin.

</doc>
<doc id="20846181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846181" title="Penamecillin">
Penamecillin

Penamecillin, an acetoxymethyl ester of benzylpenicillin, is a pro-drug that is processed to benzylpenicillin by esterases.

</doc>
<doc id="20846191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846191" title="Clometocillin">
Clometocillin

Clometocillin (or clometacillin) is a penicillin.

</doc>
<doc id="20846204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846204" title="New York State Route 288">
New York State Route 288

New York State Route 288 (NY 288) was a north–south state highway in Montgomery County, New York, in the United States. It extended for as Noeltner Road through a rural portion of the town of Glen, serving as a connector between NY 161 east of the hamlet of Glen and NY 5S east of the hamlet of Auriesville. NY 288 was assigned in the early 1940s and existed until 1981 when ownership and maintenance of the road was transferred to Montgomery County. The NY 288 designation was subsequently removed, and its former routing became County Route 164 (CR 164).
Route description.
NY 288 began east of the hamlet of Glen at a Y-shaped intersection with NY 161 in the town of Glen. From there, it headed to the northeast, following the two-lane Noeltner Road on a linear alignment for roughly across rolling, open fields. It broke from the straight path near a junction with CR 120, turning northward into a brief but dense wooded area. The route continued through the narrow forest to a more open area just south of the Mohawk River and the New York State Thruway, where it ended at a junction with NY 5S east of the hamlet of Auriesville. Just southeast of the intersection is the National Shrine of the North American Martyrs, also known as the Auriesville Shrine.
History.
NY 288 was assigned in the early 1940s. The route remained intact until April 1, 1981, when ownership and maintenance of the route was transferred from the state of New York to Montgomery County as part of a highway maintenance swap between the two levels of government. The NY 288 designation was removed as a result and its former routing became CR 164.

</doc>
<doc id="20846219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846219" title="Benzathine">
Benzathine

Benzathine is a diamine used as a component in some medications including benzathine phenoxymethylpenicillin and benzathine benzylpenicillin. It stabilises penicillin and prolongs its sojourn when injected into tissues.

</doc>
<doc id="20846220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846220" title="Benzathine phenoxymethylpenicillin">
Benzathine phenoxymethylpenicillin

Benzathine phenoxymethylpenicillin (or benzathine penicillin V) is a penicillin.

</doc>
<doc id="20846221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846221" title="National Council for Democracy and Development">
National Council for Democracy and Development

The National Council for Democracy and Development (Fr: "Conseil National de la Démocratie et du Dévelopement", CNDD) were 2008-2010 the ruling junta of Guinea .
Historical background.
The CNDD seized power in the 2008 Guinean coup d'état on 23 December 2008. This followed the death of the previous longserving President, Lansana Conté.
Government.
On 5 May 2009 the government recalled thirty of the country's overseas ambassadors - about three quarters of the nation's total. No reason was given for the decision.
Members.
On 23 December, the CNDD announced that the Council's members were:

</doc>
<doc id="20846224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846224" title="Eastmanosteus">
Eastmanosteus

Eastmanosteus ("Eastman's bone") is a fossil genus of dunkleosteid placoderms. It was closely related to the giant "Dunkleosteus", but differed from that genus in size, in possessing a distinctive tuberculated bone ornament, a differently shaped nuchal plate and a more zig-zagging course of the sutures of the skull roof.
Species of "Eastmanosteus" had powerful jaws with sharp cutting edges and were likely active predators. Fossils have been found in many parts of the world in marine sediments dating from the Middle to Late Devonian. They were medium-to-large fish, with specimens "E. pustulosus" and "E. licharevi" approaching a total length of 3 metres. Complete exoskeletons with soft-tissue traces of "E. calliaspis" from Australia make this one of the best known dinichthyids.
Species.
"Eastmanosteus calliapsis" Dennis-Bryan 1987.
From the Frasnian Gogo Formation of northwestern Western Australia. This is the best known member of the genus with many articulated skulls and trunk armours in museum collections. Evidence of muscle fibres, circulatory structures and nerve tissue have been preserved representing some of the oldest known gnathostome soft tissue. The largest known skull is 272mm in length suggesting a total body length of roughly 1.5m. It was one of the largest fish in the Gogo assemblage.
"E. licharevi" (Obrucheva 1956).
A poorly known species from Russia, originally described from an isolated nuchal plate from the Frasnian of Timman with additional material from the Famennian of Lipetsk.
"E. lundarensis" Hanke, Stewart and Lammers 1996.
A medium sized species from the Eifelian of south-central Manitoba, Canada. One of the earliest and most completely known members of the genus.
"E. magnificus" (Hussakof & Bryant 1918).
Based on a single almost complete head shield from the Late Devonian of New York State, USA. Has previously been assigned to "Dinicthys" and "Dunkleosteus".
"E. pustulosus" (Eastman 1897).
This is the type species and was originally placed in the genus "Dinichthys". It was a large and widely distributed form, with fossil material from the Middle-Late Devonian of the USA (Wisconsin, Iowa, Michigan, New York State) and the Frasnian of Poland. 
"E. yunnanensis" (Wang 1982).
Originally assigned to "Dunkleosteus". From the Middle Devonian of Yunnan Province, China.
"Eastmanosteus" species 1 Janvier.
An undescribed species based on relatively well preserved material from the Frasnian of
Kerman, East Iran.
Other species.
Many other species have been included within this genus based on material from Russia,
Morocco, and the USA. Most of these are either indeterminate dinichthyids or are now placed in different genera.

</doc>
<doc id="20846232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846232" title="1987 Asian Men's Handball Championship">
1987 Asian Men's Handball Championship

The 1987 Asian Men's Handball Championship was the fifth Asian Championship, which was taking place from August 15 to September 1, 1987 in Amman, Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="20846238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846238" title="Hunt Country Vineyards">
Hunt Country Vineyards

Hunt Country Vineyards is a vineyard and winery located near Keuka Lake in the Finger Lakes AVA region of New York State, USA.
History.
Hunt Country Vineyards was founded in 1981 by Arthur C. Hunt and Joyce H. Hunt. The property was first purchased by Arthur Hunt's great great grandfather, Ambrose Hunt (b. 1803) in 1852 and has been farmed continuously by his descendants until the present day. The oldest grapevines on the vineyard were planted in 1904 and are of the concord and Niagara varieties. When the current generation of Hunts took over the farm in 1973, there were of the two varieties planted. In 2008, of grapes were harvested.
Geography.
The farm is located west of Branchport, New York. The vineyard soils are glacially deposited gravelly loam, with a 5-7% slope.
Viticulture.
The Hunts enrich the soil with natural compost made from the grape pomace (seeds and skins) left after pressing the grapes, mixed with manure from a neighboring farm. 
Between 1984 and 1988, the Hunts collaborated with Cornell Cooperative Extension Grape Specialist Dr. Tom Zabadal to convert undesirable grape varieties to more promising wine varieties by the use of field grafting in cold climate vineyards. Under normal conditions, it takes seven years to convert a vineyard to a new variety. This includes removing old vines, planting other crops to replenish the soil and remove all traces of the old root stock, replanting new vines and allowing them to grow to maturity. The field grafting process reduced the time to two years. 
The vineyard produces several French-American varieties, including Seyval blanc, Vignoles, Vidal blanc, and De Chaunac, as well as three Cornell varieties: Cayuga White, Horizon and Valvin Muscat. Two "Vitis vinifera" varieties are also produced: Riesling and Cabernet Franc, and three native varieties: Concord, Niagara and Delaware grape. The vines yield an average of 4-6 tons of grapes per acre.
Experimental and sustainable practices.
Hunt Country Vineyards current experimental agricultural techniques include English ground ivy (partly funded by the USDA SARE program, planted under and between rows of grapes to reduce the need for herbicides and mowing), biodiesel from waste grease (to power tractors), along with a small wind turbine for producing electricity, and bat houses to encourage natural insect predators.
Wine production and distribution.
Hunt Country Vineyards produces an average of 12,000 cases per year of 21 different wines, and has a production capacity of 70,000 gallons. The winery is perhaps best known for its Vidal Ice Wine, which is a dessert wine produced in colder wine regions when grapes are left on the vine late into the winter. The grapes are hand picked and pressed frozen, leaving the water behind as ice. The concentrated juice is then fermented to produce this intensely sweet dessert wine.
The Vidal ice wine was featured on NBC's Today Show in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20846240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846240" title="National White Collar Crime Center">
National White Collar Crime Center

The National White Collar Crime Center, also known as NW3C, is a congressionally funded non-profit corporation which trains state and local law enforcement agencies to combat emerging economic and cyber crime problems. The NW3C provides the general public with information and research on preventing economic and cyber crime. Their partnership with the Internet Crime Complaint Center, allows Internet crime victims to submit their reports to the appropriate local, state, and federal authorities.
Purpose.
The National White Collar Crime Center provides training, investigative support, and research to organizations involved in preventing, investigating and prosecuting economic and high tech crime.

</doc>
<doc id="20846244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846244" title="Murder in Harlem">
Murder in Harlem

Murder in Harlem (also released as Lem Hawkins Confession) is a 1935 American race film written, produced and directed by Oscar Micheaux, who also appears in the film. He remade his 1921 silent film "The Gunsaulus Mystery". 
Basing the works on the 1913 trial of Leo Frank for the murder of Mary Phagan, Micheaux used the detective genre to introduce different voices and conflicting accounts by his characters.
Plot summary.
An African-American man is first accused of the murder of a white woman, but a white man is found to be responsible.

</doc>
<doc id="20846247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846247" title="Al Meyerhoff">
Al Meyerhoff

Albert Henry "Al" Meyerhoff Jr. (September 20, 1947 – December 21, 2008) was an American labor, environmental and civil rights attorney. One of his cases sought to eliminate sweatshop conditions for workers on the island of Saipan, a part of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands that operates under the jurisdiction of the United States court system.
Early life and education.
Meyerhoff was born on September 20, 1947 in Ellington, Connecticut. He attended the University of Connecticut, graduating in 1969, and received his law degree from the Cornell Law School in 1972. He later told the Cornell Web magazine that he had been bullied as a boy, an experience that helped develop within him "an active dislike of the abuse of power".
Career as attorney.
He took a $60-a-week job with California Rural Legal Assistance, a non-profit legal and political advocacy group that promotes the interests of migrant laborers and the rural poor. One lawsuit he filed against the University of California challenged its practice of promoting farm mechanization research based on the harm it did to family farms and farm workers.
Hired by the Natural Resources Defense Council in 1981, he became director of its public health program, where he pursued litigation aimed at eliminating the use of certain pesticides. Meyerhoff pursued his effort using an amendment of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act that banned the presence of chemicals that were carcinogenic to animals in processed foods.
Meyerhoff died at age 61 on December 21, 2008 in Los Angeles, where he lived, due to complications of leukemia.

</doc>
<doc id="20846256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846256" title="Kim Pan-Keun">
Kim Pan-Keun

Kim Pan-Keun (Korean: 김판근, born March 5, 1966) is former South Korean football player.
Kim was a member of the South Korea national football team at the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship, 1994 FIFA World Cup and the 1996 AFC Asian Cup. His position was right full back. He has youngest player cap for South Korea national football team (17 years 242 days)

</doc>
<doc id="20846260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846260" title="Bhir Mound">
Bhir Mound

The Bhir Mound () is an archaeological site that is part of the ancient city of Taxila in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It contains the oldest ruins in the area along with the nearby Hathial mound.
Excavation.
The ruins of Bhir Mound were excavated from 1913-1925 by Sir John Marshall. The work was continued by Sir Mortimer Wheeler in 1944-1945 and by Dr. Mohammad Sharif in 1966-1967. Further excavations were performed in 1998-2000 by Bahadur Khan and in 2002 by Dr. Ashraf and Mahmud-al-Hassan.
Ruins.
The ruins of the town form an irregular shape measuring around 1 km from north to south and about 600 meters from east to west. The oldest part or layer of these ruins is from the sixth and fifth centuries BC; these are believed to be the remains of Persian/Achaemenid Taxila. The second layer is from the fourth century BC and existed at the time of the invasion of Alexander the Great. The third layer is from the time of the Maurya kings of India (third century BC). The fourth and topmost stratum contains the constructions from time after the Mauryan period.
The streets of the city show that they were narrow and the house plans were very irregular. There is little evidence of planning - most of the streets are very haphazard. The houses had no windows to the outside. They opened towards inner courtyards. The courtyard was open and 15 to 20 rooms were arranged around it.
History.
Darius I conquered the area in 518 BCE. At that time, Bhir was still a small town. The archaeological excavations carried out here by John Marshall from 1913 to 1934 revealed heavy masonry of the Achaemenid buildings that formed the earliest stratum of the site. Various other relevant artefacts were found as well.
In 326 BCE, Alexander the Great came and conquered the area. Raja Ambhi, it is recorded, entertained the Greek king here. He surrendered to Alexander and offered him a body of soldiers mounted on elephants. In 316 BCE, Chandragupta of Magadha, the founder of the Mauryan dynasty, conquered Panjab. Taxila lost its independence and became a mere provincial capital. Still, the city remained extremely important as centre of administration, education and trade. During the reign of Chandragupta's grandson Ashoka, Buddhism became important and the first monks settled in Taxila. Ashoka is said to have resided here as the vice-king of his father. In 184 BCE, the Greeks, who had maintained a kingdom in Bactria, invaded Gandhara and Panjab again. From now on, a Greek king resided in Taxila, Demetrius.
Other sites in the area.
There are important ancient Buddhist sites in this area, such as Dharmarajika, Mohra Muradu, and Jaulian.
Also, there are the remains of other ancient cities that were founded after Taxila, such as Sirkap and Sirsukh.

</doc>
<doc id="20846301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846301" title="List of countries by FDI abroad">
List of countries by FDI abroad

This is the list of countries by stock of Foreign direct investment (FDI) abroad, that is the cumulative US dollar value of all investments in foreign countries made directly by residents - primarily companies - of the home country, as of the end of the time period indicated. Direct investment excludes investment through purchase of shares.
The list is based on the CIA World Factbook data. 
See also.
ا

</doc>
<doc id="20846316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846316" title="Kalliani">
Kalliani

Kalliani () is a village in northwestern Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece. It is part of the municipal unit of Tropaia.

</doc>
<doc id="20846331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846331" title="Richard Spurr">
Richard Spurr

Richard Spurr (1800–1855) was an English cabinet maker and lay preacher who was imprisoned for his part in leading the political movement Chartism.
Early life.
Richard Spurr was born son of Christopher Spurr and Christian Richards in 1800 in Truro, Cornwall, where he became a cabinet maker and carpenter. He was married on his 21st birthday in Saint Helier, Jersey to Ann Mary Babot who was born there in 1803.
In 1840, now living in London, he was one of eleven signatories to Henry Vincent's address on teetotalism who described themselves as "political victims".Note: it is possible that Henry Vincent and Richard Spurr were related by marriage (cf. Oliver Spoure married Temperance Vincent in 1640 at North Hill, Cornwall, England; also John Vincent married Mary Spoure on 24 August 1661 at North Hill, Cornwall, England)</ref>
Involvement in the Chartist Movement.
He became interested in promoting peoples’ rights whilst operating from premises in Pyder Street, Truro, and was a leader of the Chartist Movement in Cornwall.""Mr Heath, an operative, was called to the chair, and the meeting was then addressed by Mr Spurr, who read and proposed the adoption of the national petition. Mr Wm (sic) Rowe seconded the motion, which was unanimously carried"." The speeches of Duncan and Lowery were described as "inflammatory...but marked by considerable ability."West Briton 15 March 1839 page 2, column 4 notes the Chartist meeting on "Thursday evening last", at Truro town hall hired with the mayor's permission as quoted in Mad dogs and mackerels: Chartists at St Ives © Maxwell Adams 2005</ref> Possibly he may have been influenced by William Lovett who, like Richard, was a Cornish cabinet maker.
Richard was arrested by police with drawn cutlasses on Thursday 16 January 1840 at the Trades' Hall, Bethnal Green whilst addressing an LDA meeting of about 700 people "to put their trust in God and keep their powder dry" and sent to Newgate Gaol to await trial at the Central Criminal Court. 
He later represented London at the famous 1840 Manchester Conference.
Initially a member of the National Charter Association of Great Britain and Ireland, standing for election to its Executive Committee in May 1841, he became an early member of the National Association for Promoting the Political and Social Improvement of the People, founded in 1841 by William Lovett""Those who had been prominent in London working-class radicalism and Chartism who joined the National Association (for Promoting the Political and Social Improvement of the People, founded by William Lovett in 1841, included Vincent, James Watson, Richard Moore, Nesson, Charles and James Savage, Charles Westerton, Arthur Dyson, Richard Spurr, James Hoppey and James Peat"." as quoted in London Chartism 1838-1848 by David Goodway (Cambridge University Press, 2002), ISBN 0-521-89364-X - Page 41</ref> There is much written about Richard Spurr in the newspapers of the day, but also in books including full chapters in and "Crime, Protest and Popular Politics in Southern England 1740-1850".
A new life in Australia.
By 1848 Chartists were being hunted
down, imprisoned and deported. In 1850, possibly after being tipped off as to his impending arrest, Richard Spurr migrated to Australia together with his wife and children aboard the Trafalgar.
According to "Victoria and its Metropolis" '"Richard Spurr" built the first Police Barracks in Melbourne, near his business premises at the corner of Elizabeth Street and Flinders Street. There is a possibility that he was at Eureka Stockade as he was in Ballarat for a while at that time, and the rights being fought for at the Eureka Stockade were very similar to those sought by the Chartists. Many of the leaders at the Eureka Stockade were Chartist members.
The nights before the military attack on the stockade there were up 1,500 people there, but dropped to about 150 on the day of the attack.
Death.
Richard Spurr died in January 1855 (within 2 months of the Eureka Stockade) and so never saw true democracy introduced to England or Australia. However as a result of the Eureka Stockade democratic reform became a reality in Victoria over the next couple of years. Richard Spurr is buried in the Melbourne General Cemetery grave # CE 2 1201, where his headstone reads:
Writing recently, Richard's descendant Noel Spurr OAM pondered the question as to whether his great great-grandfather may have died of a broken heart, "believing that after half a lifetime of involvement, nothing had changed, that people were killed for
nothing".

</doc>
<doc id="20846340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846340" title="Monice">
Monice

Monice (born Monika Ivkić; 6 June 1989, in Gradačac, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia) is an Bosnian-Austrian pop singer. She is best known for achieving fourth place in the fifth season of German casting show "Deutschland sucht den Superstar (DSDS)". Monice released her first album "I'm Gonna Make It" in 2009. After the end of "Deutschland sucht den Superstar", she had a specially published book released, that was sold in Germany and Austria.
Early life.
Monice was born as Monika Ivkić in Gradačac, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and spent her early childhood in Bosnia and Herzegovina before moving to Vienna, Austria, as a young child with her parents. She has German and Bosnian Serb ancestry. At the age of 17, she dropped out of school and decided to pursue a career as a singer. Monice currently lives in Vienna with her parents and three brothers.
2005-2007: Career beginnings.
At age 15, Monice participated in the German version of "Popstars", a casting show broadcast by the German TV station ProSieben. After getting disqualified because she did not meet the minimum age requirement, she was invited to resubmit her application for the following season, where she progressed through the auditions but failed to make it to the finals. A year later, she took part in the fifth season of "Starmania", a casting show broadcast by the Austrian TV station ORF. Her popularity soared when, in the following year, she qualified for the fifth season of "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" (DSDS), which is broadcast by RTL, and finished in fourth place.
2008: "Deutschland sucht den Superstar".
Monice participated in the fifth season of "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" "(DSDS)", the German version of the US talent-search program "American Idol". She made it to the quarter-finals, but was then retired through telephone voting and therefore finished in fourth place. At the show's finale, which pitted Fady Maalouf against eventual winner Thomas Godoj, Monice returned to perform live, both alone and with other contestants. She is also included with the others on the album produced by Dieter Bohlen, "Fly Alone". She sings on the title track "Fly Alone" as well as on "All For One" with all the other ten candidates. She also appears singing duets with other finalists on three songs. The album entered the Top Ten of the German album charts.
2008-2009: "I'm Gonna Make It".
Following "Deutschland sucht den Superstar", Monice did not sign a contract with a record label, citing a desire to express herself musically without being bound by the commercial constraints of her home market. Instead, she recorded a few songs and released them on her official YouTube channel. Later in 2008 she came out with the album "I'm Gonna Make It", available for sale only through the Internet. Some of the songs were performed on Bosnian and Austrian TV but none of them garnered a following. The songs "I'm Gonna Make It" and "Only the Good Die Young" were also offered as remixes.
The album "I'm Gonna Make It"was not the hoped-for success. Because of low sales Monice first took a break and was still only looking at small events. End of 2008, it has the song "We'll Be Together (Christmas carol)" and was brought out in some of Austria's to watch TV shows. Monice began changing her image at the end of 2008, attempting a shift from ballad singer to pop star, and looking to draw attention by dyeing her hair black and losing some weight.
2010: Irish Eurovision Song Contest, new studio album.
On February 10, 2010, RTÉ announced that Monice would participate in the Irish national finals for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with a song called "Fashion Queen", where she later finished in third place. The song was released a few weeks later, and reached number 86 in the Irish charts. With "Fashion Queen" she wanted to take off again in Germany and Austria, as well as internationally.
"Fashion Queen" received mild controversy on several chat forums and radio stations, as it was claimed to have sounded very similar to Christina Aguilera's song, "Candyman". The song "Fashion Queen" is nevertheless the most successful single of Monice. The accompanying video is also in rotation. Monice is currently working on her first official album. The album is expected in summer 2010 and will also include older songs.
Book.
In February 2009, Monice published a book called "Lasst euch vom Bohlen nicht verkohlen – Tipps und Tricks für Superstars (und alle, die es werden wollen)" (a rough English translation: "Don't let Bohlen Carbonize You: Tips and Tricks for Superstars (and Anybody Who Wants to Become One)"). She describes how one behaves in casting shows and tricks and tips for people who want to apply there. Ivkic also describes her own impressions of the casting. She writes how one behaves when one casting and how life up to date. But their casting-life she describes in detail. The book, published in German only, was generally quite successful, above all in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="20846353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846353" title="Jonica">
Jonica

The Jonica is a breed of goat raised in the southern Italian Province of Taranto; it originated as a cross between native varieties and the Maltese breed.
It is of medium to large build (adult males typically 70 kg, females 50 kg) and gives an annual milk yield of 350–400 litres.

</doc>
<doc id="20846357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846357" title="Burford-class ship of the line">
Burford-class ship of the line

The "Burford" class ships were three 68-gun third rates designed for the Royal Navy by Sir Joseph Allin.
The "Burford" ships were almost the last "70-gun" (in practice 68-gun) ships designed by Allin. They were built to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1754.

</doc>
<doc id="20846358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846358" title="1983 Asian Men's Handball Championship">
1983 Asian Men's Handball Championship

The 1983 Asian Men's Handball Championship was the third Asian Championship, which was taking place from September 25 to October 1, 1983 in Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20846367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846367" title="Tanzania Airports Authority">
Tanzania Airports Authority

Tanzania Airports Authority (TAA) was founded in 1999 by an Act of Parliament. The Authority is responsible for the provision of airport services; airport management services; ground support; business planning; airport expansion within Tanzania; construction of airports and airport facilities; and whatever else in entailed in the sustenance of the aviation industry in Tanzania. The Authority operates under the purview of the Ministry of Infrastructure Development. 
TAA main offices are located in Dar es Salaam and at Julius Nyerere International Airport. The sitting Director General of the TAA is Eng. Prosper F.B.H. Tesha.

</doc>
<doc id="20846374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846374" title="Nancy Blackett">
Nancy Blackett

Nancy Blackett is a fictional character in nine of the twelve juvenile novels in Arthur Ransome's "Swallows and Amazons series" of books. She is a bit of a tomboy—acting as captain of the dinghy, "Amazon" and usually directing her friends in their various adventures. Nancy apparently has no real-world counterpart as an inspirational source for Ransome but appears to be completely the author's creation. Nancy is sometimes critically viewed as a subversive character for girl readers. The character appeared in a 1963 BBC television adaptation of "Swallows and Amazons" as well as in a 1974 film adaptation of the book.
Role in the series.
At the opening of the series in "Swallows and Amazons, " Nancy is 12 years old and lives with her younger sister Peggy and her widowed mother in a large Lakeland house called Beckfoot. In common with his treatment of many of his other characters, Ransome does not give a detailed description of Nancy, merely describing her as "bigger than John" (Walker). She is something of a tomboy who captains a dinghy called "Amazon", usually wears a red pirate cap and often uses nautical or piratical words in her speech, such as "Jibbooms and bobstays" or the classic "shiver my timbers." In her first appearance in "Swallows and Amazons", Peggy reveals that "Nancy" is itself a nickname derived from her affection for pirates: her real name is Ruth, which she changed to Nancy on the advice of her Uncle Jim, who has pointed out that pirates are "ruthless." Nancy is the elder of the "Amazons" and older than the "Swallows". She usually takes the lead in their adventures. Nancy has a lively imagination and usually thinks up adventures for her friends which she makes more exciting by imagining an exotic background such as climbing Kanchenjunga in "Swallowdale" instead of just a local mountain. Nancy is still a prime mover of the action even when she is prevented from taking direct part in the action such as when she is quarantined with mumps in "Winter Holiday", or when she and Peggy are kept at home when the Great Aunt comes to stay.
Character summary.
Her upbringing in a single-parent household with only intermittent male influence of her uncle has been suggested as a contributing factor towards her independence and sturdy self-reliance.
Unlike John Walker, the Captain of "Swallow", who defers to his father's judgements and seeks approval before acting, Nancy makes and acts on decisions for herself. For some, Nancy has an immature view of the world while John is more mature, dismissing Nancy's suggestion that they could live on Wildcat Island all year round as impractical.
Nancy matures through the series and latterly uses her energy to support the needs of the younger members of the group.
Nancy is not without fault and her flexible standards of honesty, particularly when contrasted with the rigid code of John and the Swallows has been suggested as one of the reasons for her popularity as it makes her seem "more alive for today's reader".
Origin.
Unlike a number of his other characters whose origins were firmly rooted in reality, no direct original has been identified for Nancy, although there have been a number of unproven suggestions, including Dora Collingwood, daughter of writer William Collingwood, whom Ransome first met on Peel Island in 1896, and Taqui Altounyan, daughter of Dora Collingwood and the oldest of the Altounyan children who were models for the Swallows. Ransome himself was never explicit about the inspiration for Nancy, saying only that he had once seen two small girls in red caps playing on the shore of Coniston Water near his house.
Ransome's own relationship with Nancy was complex. He recognised that her character defined and led the plots but also acknowledged that other characters were dominated and diminished by her presence. Discussing the plot of "Winter Holiday" in a letter to his mother dated 2 March 1929 he wrote "the main point of the new book is that two other children turn up... ...and then get involved in one of Captain Nancy's colossal plans for adventure" but later in the same paragraph he mentions the more prominent role that Peggy will play "who in previous books has never really had a fair chance, being so much dominated by Nancy".
Critical commentary.
When Ransome was first writing "Swallows and Amazons" in 1928, it was unusual for a female character to display such active leadership over males as Nancy Blackett does in the whole series of books and whilst children in children's literature had become increasingly self-motivated towards the end of the 19th century, they were, until Swallows and Amazons, still largely bounded by a "closed nursery-orientated world". Nevertheless, despite writing Nancy in an unconventional role, Hunt suggests that Ransome can still be accused of sexism as Susan Walker's domesticity reinforces the common views of the time; however, he points out that gender is unimportant in Ransome's work.
Despite ageing from about twelve to fifteen over the series Nancy, in common with all the children in Ransome's books, shows no sign of developing any interest in sex; in this Ransome is merely reflecting the historical and cultural context of the time, as "Children's fiction in the 1930s had found no way of writing about sex." Victor Watson, a critic of children's fiction, proposes that Nancy's principal role in the books is to open up "possibilities" and "disrupt the comfortable certainties of the Walker family". He observes that she is a force of goodness, especially in the way she deals with her adult counterpart, the Great Aunt, in "The Picts and the Martyrs". Nancy shares many characteristics with the Great Aunt, but she displays a "heroic generosity" which the Great Aunt does not have, but not the adult's innate cruelty.
In 1960, a possible path for Nancy's adult life was proposed when critic Hugh Shelley postulated that she might have found the Second World War liberating and become a WREN. He suggested that "as a character one feels she could not be transmuted into a normal, satisfactory adult". Recent analysis of Shelley's work by Katherine Holden has concluded the suggestion is a veiled reference to lesbianism and this, as well as his idea that Nancy would have eventually grown to be like her spinster Great Aunt Maria, has been dismissed as reflecting the homophobia of the time when Shelley was writing. Today, Nancy is viewed as a subversive figure who, in the context of interwar Britain, offered young girls the possibility of an alternative route to adulthood. The character has been cited by feminist author and academic Sara Maitland as a childhood role model "who transcended the restriction of femininity without succumbing to the lure of male-identification" and a "hero who had all the characteristics necessary for the job; who lived between the countries of the material and the imaginary".
Film and television.
Nancy Blackett has been portrayed in television and film. Amanda Coxell (now known as Mandy Harper) played the character in the 1963 BBC television adaptation of "Swallows and Amazons", and, a little over ten years later, Kit Seymour portrayed Nancy in a 1974 film adaptation.

</doc>
<doc id="20846378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846378" title="Lee Tunnell">
Lee Tunnell

Byron Lee Tunnell is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Tunnell pitched all or part of six seasons in the majors, between and , for the Pittsburgh Pirates, St. Louis Cardinals, and Minnesota Twins. He also pitched three seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball, from until , for the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks.
Following his playing career, Tunnell coached in the minor leagues for several years, including a brief stint as interim pitching coach with the Cincinnati Reds in . In July 2012, he was named interim bullpen coach of the Milwaukee Brewers.

</doc>
<doc id="20846386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846386" title="1979 Asian Men's Handball Championship">
1979 Asian Men's Handball Championship

The 1979 Asian Men's Handball Championship was the second Asian Championship, which was taking place from November 1 to November 11, 1979 in Nanjing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20846402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846402" title="2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Pursuit Women">
2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Pursuit Women

The 2008-09 Biathlon World Cup/Pursuit Women is a biathlon competition for women. It started on Sunday December 7, 2008 in Östersund and is scheduled to finish on Saturday March 28, 2009 in Khanty-Mansiysk. The defending titlist is Sandrine Bailly of France.
Competition format.
This is a pursuit competition. The biathletes' starts are separated by their time differences from a previous race, most commonly a sprint race. The contestants ski a distance of over five laps. On four of the laps, the contestants shoot at targets; each miss requires the contestant to ski a penalty loop of . There are two prone shooting bouts and two standing bouts, in that order. The contestant crossing the finish line first is the winner.
To prevent awkward and/or dangerous crowding of the skiing loops, and overcapacity at the shooting range, World Cup Pursuits are held with only the 60 top ranking biathletes after the preceding race. The biathletes shoot (on a first-come, first-serve basis) at the lane corresponding to the position they arrived for all shooting bouts.
Points are awarded for each event, according to each contestant's finish. When all events are completed. the contestant with the highest number of points is declared the season winner.

</doc>
<doc id="20846424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846424" title="Robert Sewell (historian)">
Robert Sewell (historian)

Robert Sewell (1845–1925) worked in the civil service of the Madras Presidency during the period of colonial rule in India. He was Keeper of the Madras Record Office and was tasked with responsibility for documenting ancient inscriptions and remains in the region, As with other British administrators of his type at that period, his purpose was not scholarly but rather to bolster administrative control by constructing a history that placed British rule as a virtue and a necessity rather than something to be denigrated. Portrayal of historic factionalism among local figureheads and dominion by alien despots would, it was thought, enhance the perception that only the British could rescue the country from its past.
Sewell's specialism was the Vijayanagara Empire, about which he authored "A Forgotten Empire Vijayanagar: A Contribution to the History of India" (1900). Burton Stein described this book as Sewell's 
Sewell undertook archaeological work, including at the Buddhist stupa at Amaravati, which had already been largely destroyed prior to his arrival. The site had previously been surveyed by Colin Mackenzie and Walter Elliot. His record-keeping at that site in 1877 has been criticised for making an already-bad situation worse, adding to the problems that meant it was impossible to correlate the finds made.
Sewell was guided by various native speakers of the Kannada, Malayalam, Sanskrit, Tamil and Telugu languages spoken there. Some of these aides went on to publish research of their own, such as S. Krishnaswami Aiyangar.

</doc>
<doc id="20846438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846438" title="1977 Asian Men's Handball Championship">
1977 Asian Men's Handball Championship

The 1977 Asian Men's Handball Championship was the first Asian Championship, which took place from March 26 to April 4, 1977 in Kuwait City, Kuwait.
Preliminary round.
The top two finishers from each preliminary round group progressed to the next round.

</doc>
<doc id="20846479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846479" title="Uta Schmuck">
Uta Schmuck

Uta Schmuck (later Uta Hoffmann, born 19 August 1949) is a retired German swimmer. Born in Limbach-Oberfrohna, Soviet Occupied Zone, she competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She qualified for the women's 100 metre freestyle, the women's 4×100 m freestyle relay, and, as part of a team of four that included Helga Lindner, the women's 4×100 m medley relay. She, Roswitha Krause, Gabriele Perthes, and Gabriele Wetzko won a silver medal in the women's 4×100 m freestyle relay. The women's 4×100 m medley relay team came in fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="20846511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846511" title="Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center">
Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center

The Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center (RLTAC) is an indoor track and indoor basketball stadium in Roxbury, Massachusetts, partially funded by the state of Massachusetts. It is home to numerous MIAA indoor track and field conferences, along with the MIAA State Championships and the New England High School Championships. Nike Indoor Nationals have been run there since 2008, and the Boston Indoor Games have been run there since their inception.
History.
The Center was named after Reggie Lewis, a former college basketball player for Northeastern University and professional player for the Boston Celtics. On April 29, 1993, he collapsed on the floor of the Boston Garden while playing a game against the Charlotte Hornets. On July 27, 1993, he suffered sudden cardiac death during an off-season practice at Brandeis University.
Facilities.
Track and field.
The Reggie Lewis Center has a 200-meter indoor Mondo Super X track, with areas for the high jump, long/triple jump, pole vault, and a 55/60 meter dash runway on the infield. There is a shot put cage in the corner of the stadium, however during professional meets (such as the Boston Indoor Games), the shot put is usually held on the infield where it is more visible to all spectators. It seats 3,500 people.
The Reggie Lewis Center track and field facility is generally regarded as one of the premier facilities in the Northeastern United States, and is also one of the premier facilities in the United States as a whole. The venue has hosted the Boston Indoor Games meeting every year since 1996. It played host to the USA Indoor Track and Field Championships on multiple occasions.
Basketball.
The Reggie Lewis Center also features a basketball gymnasium that can seat up to 1,300 people. It also has provisions for volleyball and wrestling.
Other.
Also in the Center is a dance studio, a weight and fitness room, shower/locker facilities, seminar rooms, and more. The field house and gymnasium can also both be used for meetings and seminars on a larger scale. The annual Boston Vegetarian Food Festival has been held there for 15 of its 17 annual iterations, drawing tens of thousands of attendees.
Principal Tenants.
While there are many tenants of the Reggie Lewis Center, some include:
Facility Records.
The following are the top marks ever set at the Reggie Lewis track:

</doc>
<doc id="20846518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846518" title="Beinn a' Chaorainn (Glen Spean)">
Beinn a' Chaorainn (Glen Spean)

Beinn a’ Chaorainn is a Scottish mountain situated on the northern side of Glen Spean in the Lochaber region of the Highland Council area. The mountain which is located 30 km east-northeast of Fort William is one of several of the same name in the Scottish Highlands and should not be confused with another well known Beinn a’ Chaorainn in the Cairngorms.
Overview.
Beinn a’ Chaorainn reaches a height of 1052 metres (3451 feet) and qualifies as both a Munro and a Marilyn. It stands in a section of the Grampian Mountains often known as the Loch Laggan Hills these include the Creag Meagaidh range five km to the NE and the adjoining Munro of Beinn Teallach which is just over two km to the west. Beinn a’ Chaorainn is usually climbed in conjunction with Beinn Teallach in a 13 km horseshoe walk around the Allt a’ Chaorainn, starting at Roughburn on the A86 road. The mountains name translates from the Gaelic language as “Mountain of the Rowan Tree”.
Geography.
Beinn a’ Chaorainn is basically a north-south orientated ridge which looks quite an undistinguished bulk when viewed from Roughburn (see picture), the best view of the mountain being from the east where the crags of Coire na h-Uamha give the mountain some character. This corrie’s name translates as the Corrie of the Cave although no significant cave is known in its environs although there are several small lochans within its higher recesses. It is drained by the Allt na h-Uamha whose valley separates the mountain from Creag Meagaidh massif to the east. Part of these eastern flanks of the mountain are clothed in coniferous woodland below the 550 metre contour. Coire na h-Uamha is split into two distinctive parts by an eastern ridge which gives a feasible route of ascent from the foot of the coire directly to the main summit, however some care is needed and in Winter conditions it is ranked as a Grade I Winter route.
Coire Buidhe (Yellow Coire) stands at the northern end of the mountain, this corrie is drained by the Burn of Algie, part of the headwaters of the River Roy. Two routes down the ridges on either side of this corrie connects to the adjoining Munros. One route goes NW and links to Beinn Teallach at a col with a height of 614 metres. The other route goes NE down to the Bealach a’ Bharnish (824 metres) before ascending onto the Creag Meagaidh plateau. The southern flank of the mountain descends to Glen Spean with more coniferous plantations below 400 metres while the western flanks are very steep as they fall to the valley of the Allt a’ Chaorainn. All drainage from the mountain finds its way to the west coast of Scotland via the River Spean, going either south directly to Glen Spean or north and going via Glen Roy before joining the Spean at Roybridge.
Summit ridge.
Beinn a’ Chaorainn’s summit ridge is approximately 1.5 km in length and made up of three high points. The middle of the three tops is now regarded as the highest point, the South Top (1049 metres) was regarded as the highest point until 1974 when re-surveying downgraded it to a “Top” in the Munros Tables and elevated the middle of the pinnacles to the recognised summit. The North Top (1044 metres) is also a “Top” in the tables and has been so ever since they were first published in 1891. The summit ridge of Beinn a’ Chaorainn has the reputation as a potentially dangerous place for walkers under winter conditions with at least one fatality in 1994. The problem arises with certain sections of the eastern corrie which bite far back into the ridge and can be snow covered in winter forming cornices. Walkers taking direct compass bearings between the high points on the summit ridge have fallen through the cornices by underestimating the distance that the corrie bites into the ridge.
Ascents.
The most popular route of ascent starts at Roughburn on the A86 at grid reference , there is parking at the Loch Laggan Dam, 700 metres to the SW. Forest roads and fire breaks take the walker through the forest to emerge onto the open hillside at a height of 400 metres. The route then goes NE up a broad ridge on the west side of the shallow Coire Clachaig. The view from the summit gives an excellent perspective of the Munros around Loch Treig. 

</doc>
<doc id="20846520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846520" title="Larry Fogle">
Larry Fogle

Larry Fogle (born March 19, 1953) is a retired American basketball player. He was an ABA and NBA draft pick. He played in two games for the New York Knicks during 1975-1976 before playing for the CBA and starring on the team that won the league championship in the 1977-78 season.
Background.
Fogle, born in Brooklyn, New York, played basketball at Cooley High School in Detroit, Michigan. In February 1972, Fogle established a city league single-game scoring record of 73 points (versus Cody High); at seasons end, Larry Fogle was named Michigan High School Player of the Year by the Detroit News. Upon graduating from Cooley, Fogle played collegiate basketball for the University of Southwestern Louisiana (now the University of Louisiana at Lafayette) and Canisius College.
A 6' 5" (1.96 m) and 205 lb (93 kg) guard, Fogle was selected as an underclassman in the 1974 ABA draft in the eighth round by the Denver Nuggets after leading the NCAA in individual scoring, averaging 33.4 points per game and 14 rebounds per game in the 1973-74 season. That year Fogle was named an All-American by the United States Basketball Writers Association and the National Association of Basketball Coaches named him a third team All-American. Fogle opted to stay in college and the following year he was drafted in the second round of the 1975 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks and in the fifth round of the 1975 ABA Draft by the Spirits of St. Louis. 
Fogle played for the Knicks in the 1975-76 NBA season, appearing in two games and scoring two points to go with three rebounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20846542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846542" title="Government Plaza, Binghamton">
Government Plaza, Binghamton

Government Plaza is a building complex in Binghamton, New York containing the offices for the City of Binghamton, Broome County and New York State. The complex is located in Downtown Binghamton on the block bounded by State, Hawley, Isbell and Susquehanna streets. It was constructed as part of a massive urban renewal plan in Binghamton through the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Government Plaza is composed of three buildings which come together to form a U-shaped complex:
An elevated plaza that originally led to the second-story lobby of the State Office Building was torn down in the mid-1990s due to deterioration and increasing maintenance costs.
State Office Building Contamination.
The State Office Building is infamous for a fire that took place on February 5, 1981. A transformer explosion in the basement of the building spewed toxic PCBs throughout the entire building. While initially expected to only take days to reopen, the cleanup effort revealed the difficulty of removing PCB residue. The building remained closed until October 11, 1994. Multiple environmental samples taken throughout the cleanup had illustrated that despite their best efforts, workers had been unable to remove the residue, leading to several complete decontamination procedures within the building. The duration of the cleanup, combined with the uncertainty of the final effectiveness of the cleanup, led many workers to question whether the building was safe enough for reoccupation. While the initial cost of constructing the building in 1972 was $17 million, the cleanup efforts cost a staggering $53 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20846544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846544" title="Peruvian Coast Guard">
Peruvian Coast Guard

Equipment.
Currently the Peruvian Coast Guard is composed by seven coastal patrol ships, sixteen port patrol boats, and speedboats for bay control, river patrol boats, river speedboats, lake patrol boats, lake speedboats and motorboats for river interdiction, two Sea King helicopters for SAR operations, a Twin Otter hydroplane as well as a fleet of operational vehicles which strengthens operations by coast police of Coast Guard Captaincies.

</doc>
<doc id="20846572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846572" title="Typhoon Virginia">
Typhoon Virginia

The name Virginia has been used for eight tropical cyclones in the Western Pacific basin.

</doc>
<doc id="20846597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846597" title="Pipersville, Wisconsin">
Pipersville, Wisconsin

Pipersville is an unincorporated community in the town of Ixonia in Jefferson County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located at the intersection of Jefferson County Roads P and E, about 4 miles southeast of Watertown.

</doc>
<doc id="20846602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846602" title="Kiyotaka Tsurisaki">
Kiyotaka Tsurisaki

After graduation from Keio University, He worked as an adult video director and became a dead body photographer in 1994. He has taken pictures in Thailand, Colombia, Russia, Palestine and elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="20846614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846614" title="Rennequin Sualem">
Rennequin Sualem

Rennequin Sualem (1645 − 1708) was a Walloon carpenter and engineer born on 29 January 1645 in Jemeppe-sur-Meuse, Wallonia, France. His given name sometimes appears as 'Renkin'.
Achievements.
In 1667−68 the lieutenant-governor of the castle of Huy ordered the building of an hydraulic machine to pump up the water of the Hoyoux river to his castle in Modave, higher. Rennequin Sualem was commissioned to build the mechanism. 
In 1678 the French king Louis XIV called for a competition to construct an effective pump system to bring water from the nearby Seine river to his chateaux at Versailles and Marly in order to supply the fountains there, and Sualem resolved to present his model, a scaled up version of his pump system at Hoyoux. 
The presentations by the other inventors were so unconvincing that the king had decided to discontinue the competition and was about to leave the room, but Sualem managed to persuade him to stay to hear his plan. When he presented his imposing wooden model he impress the king with his detailed description of its operation, and convinced that Sualem understood the problem to be tackled, Louis XIV commissioned him to immediately begin construction. 
The resulting huge Machine de Marly, engineered by Arnold de Ville, lifted the waters from the Seine to the Versailles palace, in this case higher. The machine included 14 paddlewheels to power over 200 pumps that forced water up a network of pipes to an acqueduct. It took 30 years to complete in 1684 and remained in use until 1817 before subsequent modification. 
Rennequin also built a pump for a coal mine at Decize. He died in Bougival, France in 1708, at the Marly machine.

</doc>
<doc id="20846622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846622" title="Darko Raić-Sudar">
Darko Raić-Sudar

Darko Raić-Sudar (born 7 November 1972 in Osijek) is a retired Croatian footballer who spent 14 years of his career in Croatia (11 in the top flight) and three years in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20846633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846633" title="Wizz Air Ukraine">
Wizz Air Ukraine

Wizz Air Ukraine Airlines LLC () is the Ukrainian division of Wizz Air and commenced domestic operations in Ukraine on 11 July 2008.
Destinations.
Wizz Air Ukraine operates to the following destinations (as of November 2013):
Fleet.
The Wizz Air Ukraine fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of March 2013):

</doc>
<doc id="20846638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846638" title="Dandupur">
Dandupur

Dandupur is a village in the Chaka Mandal of the Allahabad District. At a distance of just 10 kilometres from Allahabad, the village almost finds itself in the main city. Very soon, this once village shall witness Municipal Corporation elections, thereby redefining the limits of the city of Allahabad and bringing the place within the limits of main city.
Many people from this village are now in America, Britain, the middle east and in various places in India as Lucknow, Hardoi(A district in Uttar Pradesh), Delhi and Bhopal. Many sons of the soil carved a niche for themselves and are well settled and at respectable 
positions in various organizations at various places and make the village proud.
History.
The origins of Dandupur are from the nearby village of Palpur at the banks of river Yamuna. 
Since beginning Dandupur had been a major village of Shia Muslim community. It has old mosques and Imambaras that have great historic value. After independence and ending the zamindari system and issued the Privy Purse to the Zamindars and talukedars from the India Govt, zamindar Mr.Inamul Hussain was elected the first pradhan of Dandupur village. At present its counted as a developed village.
Culture.
Dandupur has got a rich cultural heritage. Urdu poetry is very common amongst people of all ages in the village.Games like Cricket and Carrom are popular among the youth. Kite flying is also one of the common leisure activities.
Economy.
During the British period Dandupur used to be a rich village with most of the inhabitants owning large pieces of land. However, this has changed after independence as owning lands or the feudal system was abolished. 
The following generation of the village excelled in the field of education and reached to high ranks in India and abroad thus uplifting the economic position of the village. Nowadays as the economy of Allahabad has been improving with the influence of that economy of DANDUPUR has been flourishing. 
In the new master plan DANDUPUR will come under Allahabad city.

</doc>
<doc id="20846643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846643" title="Mulberry Lane">
Mulberry Lane

Mulberry Lane is a pop music vocal group from Omaha, Nebraska. The group consists of the Rizzuto sisters, Heather, Rachel, Allie, and Jaymie Jones. 
Charts.
Their 1999 single, "Harmless", reached number 23 on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart and number 99 on the Billboard Hot 100. 
Radio.
Rachel, Heather and Allie host "The Mulberry Lane Show" Saturdays at 10:00am Central Time on Omaha radio station 1290 KOIL and online at www.mighty1290koil.com; Sundays at 7:00am on Lincoln, Nebraska radio station B107.3 and online at www.B1073.com; and Sundays at 3:00pm Central Time on Kearney, Nebraska radio station KGFW 1340 and online at www.kgfw.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20846646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846646" title="Aminopenicillin">
Aminopenicillin

The aminopenicillins are a group of antibiotics in the penicillin family -- as such, they contain a beta-lactam ring, and inhibit the synthesis of bacterial cell walls. 
Aminopenicillins feature a positively-charged amino group that enhances their uptake through bacterial porin channels. This does not, however, confer resistance to bacterial beta-lactamases. Members of this family include ampicillin, amoxicillin, and bacampicillin.

</doc>
<doc id="20846648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846648" title="Glenn Hansen">
Glenn Hansen

Glenn R. Hansen (born April 21, 1952) is a retired American professional basketball player. He was born in Devils Lake, North Dakota.
Hansen, a 6'4" (1.93 m) and 205 lb (93 kg) guard, played college basketball for Louisiana State University and Utah State University. As an underclassman he was selected in the 1974 ABA Draft in the ninth round by the Kentucky Colonels, but he stayed in college. The following year he was selected in the second round of the 1975 NBA Draft by the Kansas City Kings and in the fourth round of the 1975 ABA Draft by the Memphis Sounds. 
Hansen signed with the Kansas City Kings and played for them in the 1975-76 and 1976-77 NBA seasons, averaging 6.5 points per game and 2.8 rebounds per game as a rookie. He played in two games the 1977-78 NBA season with the Chicago Bulls.

</doc>
<doc id="20846649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846649" title="Brighton Recreation Area">
Brighton Recreation Area

Brighton State Recreation Area is an recreation area, located near Mount Brighton ski area in Livingston County, Michigan. It has 39 miles of trails for mountain biking, hiking, skiing and horse riding. There are 3 campgrounds providing over 200 campsites. It is also in close proximity to many other state parks, such as Pinckney State Recreation Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20846650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846650" title="List of countries by number of Internet hosts">
List of countries by number of Internet hosts

This is the list of countries by number of Internet hosts based on 2012 figures from the CIA World Factbook. Several dependent territories, not fully recognized states, and non-state territories are also listed.
(*) The U.S. figure includes hosts in the .us, .mil, .gov, .edu, .com, .org, and .net domains. Other countries share heavily in the .com, .org, and .net domains, so the U.S. figure is significantly inflated and the figures for other countries are understated.

</doc>
<doc id="20846657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846657" title="Elisha Warfield">
Elisha Warfield

Elisha Warfield, Jr. (February 5, 1781 - May 15, 1859) was an American physician and a Thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder whom "Thoroughbred Heritage" calls "one of the most important early figures in Kentucky racing and breeding." [http://www.tbheritage.com/Portraits/Lexington.html]
Early life and education.
Born in Maryland, Elisha, Jr. moved with his family to Lexington, Kentucky when he was nine years old. He was tutored privately and obtained a degree in medicine from Transylvania University.
On January 15, 1805, he married Maria Barr, with whom he had ten children. Their daughter Mary Jane Warfield married Cassius Marcellus Clay, who became a prominent politician and abolitionist in Kentucky.
Warfield became a very successful medical practitioner in Lexington. He was selected as the first Professor of Surgery and Obstetrics at the newly established medical school at Transylvania University.
Active in community development, in 1830 Elisha Warfield was a founding shareholder of the Lexington & Ohio Railway Company. In 1834 it connected Lexington to the state capital of Frankfort, Kentucky.
Thoroughbred horses.
Around the time of his marriage, Elisha Warfield began racing and breeding Thoroughbred horses. In 1809 he was one of the founding members of the Lexington Jockey Club, consisting of owners of the racehorses and breeding farms. 
In 1821 Warfield decided to devote his energies to breeding, training and racing Thoroughbreds full time. In 1826, he was one of the founders of the Kentucky Association, which built a horse racetrack on land adjacent to his stud farm. 
Known as The Meadows, Warfield's stud farm was located on Winchester Pike on the Northeast side of Lexington. It was where he bred Lexington, a U.S. Racing Hall of Fame Thoroughbred stallion. Foaled at The Meadows on March 29, 1850, and originally named Darley, the colt was very successful on the racetrack, winning six of his seven starts. As a breeding stallion, he is considered one of the greatest in United States history. Between 1861 and 1878, Lexington was ranked as the leading sire in North America a record sixteen times, of which fourteen were consecutive years. As of 2008, Lexington's record remains intact. 
Warfield and his brother Benjamin, an attorney, were members of the group that founded Lexington Cemetery in 1849. Elisha Warfield was buried here following his 1859 death at his Lexington home. 
The Meadows stud farm was eventually sold, with portions of the property parceled off. Prominent Kentucky horseman Daniel Swigert owned the stud for a time before selling it in August 1888. Increased population in the city put pressure on surrounding real estate. Developers acquired the property in 1945 and subdivided it for residential use as The Meadows. 

</doc>
<doc id="20846661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846661" title="Sarda">
Sarda

Sarda may refer to:
Things pertaining to Sardinia :
Acronym :

</doc>
<doc id="20846663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846663" title="The Hills (season 2)">
The Hills (season 2)

The second season of "The Hills" premiered on January 15, 2007 and concluded on April 2, 2007. The season continues to follow the lives of Lauren Conrad, Heidi Montag, Audrina Patridge and Whitney Port in Los Angeles as they face new challenges at work and school, with romances threatening to damage their friendships. This season was filmed from late summer 2006 through February 2007.
Synopsis.
Lauren realized that staying with Jason was a huge mistake, and the two had a tearful breakup. Lauren then focused all of her energy at work where she found herself "competing" with Whitney against the New York intern, Emily Weiss, who occasionally visits the LA offices. In turn, Whitney visited with the New York executives to interview for a higher position within Teen Vogue, one that Emily was also interviewed for. Meanwhile, Heidi was seen dating Spencer Pratt, to much concern from Lauren. Heidi soon learned that Spencer was being unfaithful and declared their relationship to be over. Despite this, the two eventually got back together, and Lauren subsequently turned to Audrina for friendship. In the season finale, Spencer and Heidi moved in together, citing a possible end to Lauren and Heidi's friendship. Lauren then decided to invite Audrina to move in with her, and she accepted.
Cast.
The main cast receives star billing in the opening credits, and are credited by their first name.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20846675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846675" title="Theodore Scott-Dabo">
Theodore Scott-Dabo

Theodore Scott-Dabo (November 16, 1865 - November 17, 1928) casually known as Scott Dabo, was a French/American tonalist landscape artist thought to be from Detroit, Michigan but is now known to have been born in Saverne, France. Active both in New York and Paris, he was the younger brother of Leon Dabo. Both artists were Impressionist landscape painters, who shared in a similar manner in style and tone. During the period when they worked together, their subjects were usually landscapes and seascapes in the early morning or evening at twilight, they utilized spare composition and reductive color schemes to evoke what they termed, mood. The Dabo brothers style that had a Whistlerian quality, and like James McNeill Whistler both would come to be labeled Tonalist. The youngest brother in the family, Louis, a writer and publicist, also used the name Scott Dabo.
History.
The Dabo family lived in Detroit, Michigan between 1870 and the early 1880s under the surname of Schott. Both Theodore and his elder brother Leon were painters and received their initial artistic training from their father, Ignace Schott. Theodore's work, and that of his brother Leon, show the influence of James McNeill Whistler and J. M. W. Turner, whom the brothers discussed in their correspondence.
Life.
Theodore was the second of eight children, he and his older brother Leon were apprenticed to an artist according to the 1880 U.S. Census. The artist was of course their father.
Ignace was primarily a church decorator, and did much work through his association with the Detroit Stained Glass Works, where he was employed until a year before his death, March 3, 1883. The brothers last appeared as Leon and Theodore Schott in the J. W. Weeks & Co., Detroit City Directory of 1883. In the late 1880s, Theodore relocated with the rest of the family to New York City and soon began using the hyphenated surname of Scott-Dabo, perhaps as a tribute to their father's birthplace Dabo, Moselle. Theodore and Leon joined together and utilizing the training they received from their father, formed L. D. & S. Dabo Decorator's. Leon, the motivating force of the two, developed a fairly successful business decorating Brooklyn churches and other institutions. Theodore, thought to be more of the family genius, was encouraged to pursue landscape painting. Though he signed his paintings, T. Scott-Dabo, most people referred to him simply as Scott Dabo. The brothers Dabo shared a studio in Greenwich Village, first on Broadway then on 14th Street.
Constantly having his work rejected from the juried exhibitions mounted by the art bodies of the day, Theodore struggled for many years without recognition. The art gallery owners would take no risk on an unknown person. With no outlet for exhibition, Theodore and his brothers, mounted private exhibitions of his work at the 14th St. studio. Finally, his work caught the attention of a few art critics who began to praise his paintings.
The French artist Edmond Aman-Jean had also taken noticed of his work and persuaded Theodore to return with him back to France.
In Paris, Theodore opened his studio at 8 Rue de la Grande Chamiere near the Luxembourg Gardens. In the early weeks of October 1905, Theodore's paintings had their first public showing, beginning with the Salon d'Automne in Paris, then in a landscape exhibition at the National Arts Club in New York and in the Michigan Artist show at the Detroit Museum of Art. Much of this happened through the efforts of his brother Leon, who arranged joint exhibits of their work in New York, Boston, Detroit and Los Angeles. During much of 1905, Leon corresponded with the Director of the Detroit Museum of Art and offered Theodore's painting "The River Seine" as a gift for the Museum's collection.
Sadly, the brothers' partnership was not to last as in early 1907, there was a highly publicized feud between Theodore and Leon, which was really more of a stunt arranged by the youngest brother, Louis Scott Dabo to aid the promotion of Theodore's work.
Unfortunately, the publicity failed and records show that in the subsequent years only a single one-man exhibition of Theodore's work was mounted at the Morrey Art Galleries in Washington, D.C. Two or three of his paintings were included in group exhibits here in the U.S. and in Europe, but eventually Theodore disappeared from the art scene altogether. In 1928, Theodore Scott Dabo died in the country of his birth at Billiancourt, a suburb of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20846689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846689" title="Björling-Kallstenius Expedition">
Björling-Kallstenius Expedition

The Björling-Kallstenius Expedition of 1892 was led by the Swedish naturalists Alfred Björling and Evald Kallstenius, with the aim of being the first men to reach the North Pole. The men purchased the schooner "Ripple" in St. John's, Newfoundland, hiring three crew. The expedition ended in disaster, with the deaths of all five men.
Expedition.
In 1892, a 21-year-old Swede named Alfred Björling organized an expedition to be the first to reach the North Pole. Björling convinced fellow Swede and zoologist Evald Kallstenius to join him on what was described as a "botanizing expedition to northern Greenland". The expedition was mounted on a very low budget and is considered to have been a romantic, even foolhardy, attempt at the Pole. The men purchased the schooner "Ripple" in St. John's, Newfoundland, and hired a Dane and two Newfoundlanders as crew.
The exact history of the expedition is not well known, however it appears that their plan was to sail to Etah and hire local Inuit to help them reach the Pole. While stopping at the Cary Islands in Baffin Bay to pick up supplies at a cache there, the "Ripple" was driven on shore and wrecked. The men attempted to sail a small sloop (also purchased in Newfoundland) back to Etah, but were forced to return to the Cary Islands. According to letters left in a cairn on the Cary Islands, the remaining four men attempted to sail their open boat 80 miles to Ellesmere Island: "Forced by bad weather to linger on this island for a long time, I now set out on the tour to the Eskimos... on Ellesmere Island. As I hope that a whaler will visit Cary Island next summer to rescue me and my companions, I will try to reach this island again before July 1. We are now five men, of which one is dying."
In June 1893, the crew of the Scottish whaler "Aurora" spotted a wreck on the Cary Islands. They found the "Ripple", and a man’s body buried under a pile of stones, and Björling's letters. No trace of the other four men, or the small boat, was ever found.

</doc>
<doc id="20846707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846707" title="Algebraic analysis">
Algebraic analysis

Algebraic analysis is an area of mathematics that deals with systems of linear partial differential equations by using sheaf theory and complex analysis to study properties and generalizations of functions such as hyperfunctions and microfunctions.

</doc>
<doc id="20846721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846721" title="Chesapeake Shipbuilding">
Chesapeake Shipbuilding

Chesapeake Shipbuilding is a shipbuilding company, based in Salisbury, Maryland, United States. 
Information.
It began operations in 1980 on the site of the former Roberts Shipyard. They are capable of constructing vessels up to 375 feet in length on the 13 acre yard. The yard includes 2000 ft of deepwater bulkhead along the Wicomico River.
Vessels.
Notable vessels constructed for American Cruise Lines at the yard include:

</doc>
<doc id="20846730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846730" title="Magic Shop Books">
Magic Shop Books

The Magic Shop Books are a series of children's fantasy novels by author Bruce Coville. The books revolve around the mysterious magic supplies store run by an old man named S.H. Elives. Each book follows a child who stumbles into the store and acquires a magical being or object of tremendous magical strength and abilities.
Books.
"The Monster's Ring" (1989).
A boy named Russell Crannaker enters Elives' Magic Supplies while running from a bully and is given a magic ring that can turn him into a monster and back.
"Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher" (1992).
While running from two bullies and a girl who wants to kiss him, Jeremy Thatcher finds the Magic Shop and leaves with a mysterious, magical crystal orb. The orb turns out to be a dragon egg, which hatches into a female dragon that Jeremy develops an unusually strong empathic/telepathic connection with and whom he names Tiamat.
"Jennifer Murdley's Toad" (1993).
A plain and unattractive girl named Jennifer Murdley encounters the Magic Shop and is given a wisecracking talking toad, Bufo, who gradually reveals his complicated history and its relation to a growing danger in the present and the secrets about the magical, mystical Jewel of Perfect Happiness in his forehead.
"The Skull of Truth" (1999).
Charlie Eggleston, a notorious liar, comes into the Magic Shop and unintentionally steals the Skull of Truth, the wisecracking remnant of the jester Yorick that bears a dark curse, forcing anyone around it to tell the absolute truth.
"Juliet Dove, Queen of Love" (2003).
The Greek goddess of strife Eris breaks into the Magic Shop while Mr. Elives is away and gives the shy but acid-tongued Juliet Dove a crystal amulet containing Cupid that causes every boy she meets to become truly, madly and strongly in love with her. With Elives himself unsure of what to do, Juliet is forced to team up with the rats Jerome and Roxanne to prevent Eris from causing worldwide discord and chaos.
Short stories.
Short stories about Elives' Magic Supplies store have appeared in Coville's Oddities anthology books. These stories include:

</doc>
<doc id="20846763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846763" title="Phil Hogan (rugby league)">
Phil Hogan (rugby league)

Philip "Phil" G. Hogan (born October→December in Barrow-in-Furness district, Lancashire) is an English sports therapist, and professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s, '80s and '90s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and England, and at club level for Holker Pioneers ARLFC, Barrow (twice), and Hull Kingston Rovers, as a , or , i.e. number 11 or 12, or 13, during the era of contested scrums.
International honours.
Phil Hogan won a cap for England while at Hull Kingston Rovers in 1979 against France, and won caps for Great Britain while at Barrow in the 1977 Rugby League World Cup against France, New Zealand, and Australia (2 matches), in 1978 against Australia (sub), while at Hull Kingston Rovers in 1979 against Australia, Australia (sub), New Zealand, and New Zealand (sub).
Transfer fee.
Phil Hogan was transferred from Barrow to Hull Kingston Rovers in 1978 for a then world record fee of £33,000 (based on average increases in earnings, this would be approximately £228,000 in 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="20846765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846765" title="ECSE (Academic Degree)">
ECSE (Academic Degree)

ECSE is an abbreviation for "Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences and Systems Engineering." It is a designation used at some universities for the major or department that blends these three fields together.
One reason behind linking the areas of study is to provide students with a broad overview of each of software, hardware and Systems theory. However there are also reasons for not blending departments: Students who major in theoretical computer science, studying such topics as algorithm analysis and software engineering, may not have any use for extensive electrical engineering or systems theory classes. 
Not every university uses the ECSE designation. Several universities, for example, have separate EE/ECE and CS departments/majors. Other schools use the similar ECE (Electrical and Computer Engineering) designation. Additionally, some schools which offer an ECSE degree also offer degrees in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science separately.

</doc>
<doc id="20846788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846788" title="Charlie Thomas (rugby player)">
Charlie Thomas (rugby player)

Charles 'Charlie' Thomas (1864 – 8 March 1948) was a Welsh international rugby union utility player who played club rugby for Newport and invitational rugby for the Barbarians. Thomas won nine caps for Wales.
Rugby career.
Thomas joined first class team Newport in 1885 and while at the club was utilised in multiple positions throughout his career. Thomas played as fly-half, scrum-half, centre, half back and wing and had a very high score rate, with 99 tries in 215 appearances for Newport. During Newport's 1891/92 invincible season, he partnered legendary Welsh captain Arthur Gould at centre.
In 1888, Thomas was selected to represent Wales for the first time in a game against Ireland as part of the 1888 Home Nations Championship. Although Wales lost the game Thomas was reselected for the very next Welsh team in a game against the touring Māoris at St Helens. Wales won the match by one goal and two tries to nil, but Thomas was on the losing team when his club side, Newport, faced the Māoris four days later.
Thomas played another seven games for his country, including all games in the 1889 tournament and 1890 tournament. In 1890 Thomas scored his only international points, when he scored a try in a draw against Ireland at Landsdowne Road.
International matches played.
Wales (rugby union)

</doc>
<doc id="20846806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846806" title="Pete Trgovich">
Pete Trgovich

Pete Trgovich is an American former college basketball player. He played for the UCLA Bruins, who won two national championships during his career.
Trgovich was a member of the 1971 East Chicago Washington High School Senators basketball team, which went undefeated (29-0) and won the Indiana state high school championship. Among his teammates were Junior Bridgeman, who later played professionally in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and Tim Stoddard, who played basketball at North Carolina State University and went on to have success as a Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher.
Trgovich played college basketball at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). On their freshman team in 1971–72, he led the team in scoring, averaging 23.4 points per game with a game high of 47. The following 1972–73 season, UCLA was 30–0 won the national championship. In 1974–75, Trgovich helped lead UCLA to another NCAA championship, facing off against his old high school teammate Bridgeman in the national semifinals. 
Trgovich was drafted by the San Diego Sails in the fourth round of the 1975 ABA draft. and by the Detroit Pistons in the third round of the 1975 NBA Draft.
Trgovich coached East Chicago Central High School to the Indiana AAAA state championship in 2007. He resigned afterwards and accepted the head coach position at Indiana University Northwest, where he coached from 2007 to 2010.
Trgovich was inducted into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20846810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846810" title="Sarda (goat)">
Sarda (goat)

The Sarda is a breed of goat from Sardinia, which originated as a cross between various breeds introduced to the Italian island. 
The animals are of medium build; males typically weigh 60 kg and females 50 kg. They are long-necked and deep-chested, and the does have well-developed udders. The annual milk yield of 180–210 litres is not high, but the breed is particularly hardy and well-suited to being raised in a wild or semiwild state in tough conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20846815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846815" title="Robert Luthardt">
Robert Luthardt

Robert Luthardt (3 March 1917 – 1 October 1977) was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Fortune Cookie".

</doc>
<doc id="20846832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846832" title="Robert Henderson (Royal Navy officer)">
Robert Henderson (Royal Navy officer)

Rear-Admiral Robert Henderson (1778 – 14 June 1843) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who fought in several colonial actions and operations during his service in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. Henderson served in small cruising warships in the West Indies during the early years of the Napoleonic Wars and took part in the invasion and capture of Saint Lucia in 1803 and operations off Trinidad in 1804. In 1810, Henderson commanded HMS "Nereide" at the Invasion of Île de France and was awarded a pension for his service which he retained until he became a retired admiral in 1838. He died in 1843.
Military career.
Henderson was born in 1778, the son of prominent naval officer Captain William Henderson of Aberdeen, an important landowner in Forfarshire. Educated at Marischal College, Henderson followed his father into the British Royal Navy in 1792 as a midshipman in HMS "Southampton" shortly before the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars. Serving during the war, Henderson became a lieutenant in 1799 aboard the sloop HMS "Osprey" and was still aboard her during the successful invasion of Saint Lucia in 1803. Later in the year, "Osprey" attacked a schooner off Trinidad and Henderson, who led the boarding party, was very seriously wounded. The following year, still on "Osprey", Henderson led another boarding party that captured the French privateer "Resource" off Trinidad. For this service, Henderson was awarded a sword by the Lloyd's Patriotic Fund of London and moved to the ship of the line HMS "Centaur".
"Centaur" was part of the fleet that captured the Dutch colony of Surinam in 1804, Henderson leading a landing party that was caught in an explosion at one of the forts defending the colony and was so badly wounded that he was expected to die. For his services in this engagement, Henderson was promoted to commander and awarded a pension. Despite his wounds, Henderson returned to service and was promoted to post captain in 1805. From 1805 to 1806 he was in charge of HMS Pheasant. 
In 1810 he took command of the newly captured frigate HMS "Nereide" at Rodriguez and formed part of the fleet that supported the Invasion of Île de France, which was successfully concluded on 3 December 1810. Henderson retired at the end of the war to his native Aberdeen but remained on the naval retired list, obtaining promotion to rear-admiral on 28 June 1838. He died in January 1843 aged 65.

</doc>
<doc id="20846843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846843" title="March 1900">
March 1900

The following events occurred in March 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="20846844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846844" title="Runa Akasaka">
Runa Akasaka

Career.
Runa Akasaka made her AV debut in 2003, at the age of 36, in the "jukujo" or "Mature woman" genre of Japanese adult entertainment. She worked with a number of different studios for the first few months of her career but at the end of 2003 she joined the major Japanese AV studio Moodyz where she starred in such Mature-woman AV titles as , and for noted AV director Goro Tameike.
In Spring 2004 she began appearing in videos for the new company Madonna, an AV studio specializing in the mature woman genre. She made one video a month for Madonna until the end of 2004 when she changed studios again, this time going to KMP. In August 2005, Akasaka participated in a unique project for the huge AV conglomerate Soft On Demand (SOD), playing the mother in a full-length dramatic adult video, "Nightly Continuous DVD Novel". The movie, also starring first-time actress Satozakura Hinata, Aoi, and porn legend Taka Kato, was described by SOD as an industry first at a special screening in Tokyo in July 2005.
She also appeared in the mainstream men's entertainment magazine "Weekly Playboy" in 2005. In 2006, AV Research Laboratory—a non-commercial site specializing in the history of Japanese adult videos—described Akasaka as a popular "veteran" performer in the mature-woman genre, with three years in the industry and over 40 works to her credit.
In addition to her AV appearances, she also had a leading role in the Okura Films / OP Eiga theatrically released "pink film", from December 2004, an entry in the parent company, Shintoho's "Molester's Train" train series which Academy Award-winning director Yōjirō Takita started in 1982. By 1997 there had been 25 films made in this long-running "pink film" series. In their pioneering English-language work on the Japanese erotic cinema, the Weissers write, "Most of the episodes are reminiscent of early American nudie-cuties, especially the voyeuristic titty-flicks like Russ Meyer's "Eve and the Handyman" and "Immoral Mr Teas", or Herschell Gordon Lewis' "Adventures Of Lucky Pierre"."

</doc>
<doc id="20846890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846890" title="Trithecanthera">
Trithecanthera

Trithecanthera is a genus of showy mistletoes in the family Loranthaceae. It contains approximately 5 species in the Malesian region of South East Asia. The genus includes the species described within the genus "Kingella" as "Kingella scortechinii".

</doc>
<doc id="20846893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846893" title="The Boy in the Dress">
The Boy in the Dress

The Boy In The Dress is a children's book written by David Walliams and illustrated by Quentin Blake. It is the first book by Walliams, a television comedian best known for the show "Little Britain". It tells the story of a twelve-year-old boy who enjoys cross-dressing, and the reactions of his family and friends. It is aimed at readers aged eight to twelve.
Plot.
The story follows a boy named Dennis and his older brother John, whose parents got divorced when he was only 7 and his brother 9. The boys remain with their father, who resorts to comfort eating after his wife leaves. John reads "Playboy". Dennis is talented in football, and is one of the best on his team. However, he deeply misses his mother, who left their family some odd years ago, and finds comfort remembering his mother's yellow dress in an old picture. Dennis sees the same dress on the cover of a "Vogue" magazine, and buys a copy from Raj, an Indian shop owner. But when Dad finds the magazine, he is furious. John teases him by calling him "Denise". At school that day, Dennis is given detention for kicking a football through a window. While in detention, he talks to a girl named Lisa James, the prettiest and most fashionable girl in the school. Lisa invites him over to her house, and dresses him up in girls' clothing. Lisa and Dennis, after dressing him up in an electric blue dress, decide to take Dennis out in public, under the alter ego of "Denise", a French exchange student who speaks very little English. They go to Raj's corner shop. Raj does not recognise Dennis, believing he is "Denise". Subsequently with their success of fooling Raj, Dennis goes to school with Lisa - as "Denise".
Dennis upsets his French teacher by criticizing her French accent. At break, when Dennis kicks a football, slips, and is revealed to be a boy. Mr Hawtrey, the headmaster, expels him from the school for cross-dressing. Dad is furious, and sends Dennis to his room. Darvesh, Dennis's best friend, comes over, but is sent back to his home by Dad. Pushed by Darvesh, Dennis goes to an important football match on Saturday, where his entire team encourages him to play in a dress. The team wins against Maudlin Street, the rivaling football team. Dennis's dad attends the match, forgiving Dennis. On an early Sunday morning, Raj informs Dennis that Mr Hawtrey's sister, Doris, buys the Telegraph now instead of him. He also includes that there was "something funny about her". Lisa and Dennis go to Raj's shop and find out that Doris is actually Mr Hawtrey cross-dressing in a skirt. The two threaten that unless Dennis is reinstated to the school, they will tell everyone of Mr Hawtrey's cross-dressing habits. Mr Hawtrey agrees to reinstate Dennis.
At the end of the story, Dennis, his dad, and his brother get over the pain of the loss of Dennis' mother. Dennis and Lisa stay friends, and John starts to look out for his younger brother more often.
Characters.
Dennis Sims
Dennis is 12 years old. He has a brother called John and lives with his dad, an overweight truck driver. Dennis has a best friend called Darvesh. Dennis prefers wearing girl's clothes over boy's clothes, and with the help of Lisa, he invents an alter-ego, "Denise", who is a French exchange student.
Lisa James
Lisa is 14 years old. She is the prettiest girl in the school, and is adored by everyone. Lisa loves Vogue, fashion, dresses, and shoes.
Miss Windsor
Miss Windsor is the French teacher.
Raj
Raj owns a local newspaper-shop. He is kind, and loves children.
Mr Hawtrey
Mr Hawtrey is an extremely strict and an unfair headteacher to the school. He expels Dennis for cross-dressing.
Mac Cribbins
A boy in Lisa's class. His nickname is Big Mac and Fries. He is shown to fancy Denise.
Darvesh Singh
Dennis' best friend. He has a supportive mum who he finds really embarrassing. He is a Sikh.
Literary significance and reception.
Reviewers and the press noted the book's resonance with Walliams's own cross-dressing. Philip Ardagh in the "Guardian" noted the novelty of Walliams's light-hearted approach to transgender themes, compared with treatments in earlier children's books on the subject like Terence Blacker's 2004 title "Boy 2 Girl". Nicolette Jones in the "Times" praised Blake's illustrations and, though she called Walliams's writing "not the finest", noted "Everyone is on the side of freedom and tolerance by the end, for which the book must be applauded."
Allusions.
Dennis's father tells him "No more "Small England", or whatever it is".
French teacher Miss Windsor cuts short a school detention, hoping to get home in time to watch "Neighbours", though in America this reference has been changed to "The Young and the Restless".
Publication history.
The book was published in hardcover by HarperCollins in October 2008, with a paperback release scheduled for May 2009. Walliams and his comedy partner Matt Lucas recorded an audiobook of the story, also for HarperCollins, which was released in November 2008. HarperCollins were reported to have signed Walliams for a two-book deal.

</doc>
<doc id="20846895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846895" title="Ewartia catipes">
Ewartia catipes

Ewartia catipes is a species of "Ewartia". The plant's natural habitat is on eastern facing slopes in Tasmania. It is a rusty brown color and grows to around 10 centimeters long. 

</doc>
<doc id="20846898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846898" title="Lawrence Ferry">
Lawrence Ferry

The Lawrence Ferry(actual name is Bluff Point Ferry, Lawrence) is a cable ferry across the Clarence River in New South Wales, Australia. The ferry operates between the town of Lawrence and Woodford Island, and forms part of the route east from Lawrence to the coast. It is the busi vehicular ferry in New South Wales.
The ferry is operated by a private sector operator under contract to New South Wales Roads and Maritime Services. The ferry operates on demand 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, but is closed for maintenance every Tuesday between 0950 and 1100. If the ferry is not in operation, the alternatives are a detour via the Ulmarra Ferry, or a detour via the bridge at Grafton.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20846907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846907" title="Savenac Nursery Historic District">
Savenac Nursery Historic District

Savenac Nursery Historic District is located near Haugan in Mineral County, Montana. It is 15 miles from St. Regis, Montana. Savenac was once one of the largest and oldest USDA Forest Service tree nurseries in the western United States, operating from 1907 until 1969. The nursery was created by Elers Koch, of the Forest Service, who also helped fight the Great Fire of 1910 that destroyed much of the northern Rocky Mountains, including the nursery. Savenac once produced over 12 million seedlings annually for use in reforestation of national forests throughout the United States. Its former operations have been moved to the Coeur d'Alene Nursery in Idaho.
Savenac was listed in the National Register of Historic Places August 16, 1999. Today ten buildings built during the 1930s by Company 956 of the Civilian Conservation Corps remain at the site, together with landscaped grounds, a stone bridge, interpretive trails and a small arboretum.

</doc>
<doc id="20846909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846909" title="ICE TD">
ICE TD

The DBAG Class 605, commonly known as the ICE TD is a high-speed diesel multiple unit (DMU) train, in service with Deutsche Bahn and DSB.
Development.
Following the successful inauguration of the Intercity-Express system in 1991 and the order to develop the ICE 2, in 1994 DB started plans to upgrade long-distance services using conventional lines, with comfort level raised near the ICE standard and higher speeds, with tilting electric multiple units to replace locomotive-pulled InterCity (IC) and InterRegio (IR) trains. DB assigned the name "IC T" to the project, with "T" standing for "Triebzug" (multiple unit). This development resulted in the ICE T.
Later, Deutsche Bahn also saw the need for a similar new train on its non-electrified routes, and started the "ICT-VT" project, with "VT" standing for "Verbrennungstriebwagen" (internal combustion motor car).
Deutsche Bahn pursued the development of the ICE 3, IC T and ICT-VT projects in parallel. The trains share a general styling concept, most prominently a lounge section in the front cars with a view forward at the tracks, being separated only by a glass wall from the driver's compartment. Technically, the trains share a lot of components and technical layout, as well as the concept of distributed traction: in contrast to the ICE 1 and ICE 2 designs, the new units were planned not with powerheads, but with peripheral underfloor motors, in order to reduce axle load (quite important for tilting trains) and increase tractive effort.
For the ICT-VT, a four-car configuration was chosen, without a restaurant car, otherwise, Deutsche Bahn aimed for a common appearance and the greatest possible technical commonality with the IC T. Even the possibility of coupling together an electric and diesel train and operate them jointly was to be provided.
Production.
In 1996, Deutsche Bahn placed an order for 20 diesel multiple units with a consortium led by Siemens.
As for the ICE T, DWA (Bombardier) produced the end cars and Siemens produced the middle cars. The ICE TD was fitted with an electro-mechanic tilting actuator system developed by Siemens, rather than the Fiat (Alstom) Pendolino hydraulic system used in the ICE T. Also, the secondary suspension between bogie and carbody is air springs rather than metal coils for higher ride comfort. A characteristic element of the Siemens system visible on the outside is the crescent-shaped top of the outer carbody supports (above the bogie center).
The tilting system also left room for electric motors on both axes in a bogie, thus every car of the Diesel-electric train has an unpowered bogie and a powered bogie (2'Bo' configuration). The power for the electric motors of the class 605 is generated by four diesel engines, one on each car, with 560 kW power each. These engines are based on engines for trucks. Electrically, the two halves of the train form two independent power units of two cars each, with the theoretical possibility of the addition of a fifth car as middle trailer.
The first train was assembled in 1998, trials on track started in April 1999. During a test run on 13 January 2000, 222 km/h was achieved.
Shortly before the first IC T entered service in 1999, the names of the electric and diesel trains were changed to "ICE T" and "ICE TD" respectively, with "T" now standing for the English word "tilt(ing)", and "TD" for "tilt(ing)-diesel".
Service history.
In 2001, all 20 units were commissioned for Deutsche Bahn, who took them as class 605. After pilot runs, the trains entered regular service on ICE line 17 between Dresden and Munich on 10 June 2001. Later, the trains were also used between Munich and Zurich.
The service life of the class 605 was rather ill-fated. The ICE TD units were plagued by technical problems from the start.
After the breaking of an axle on 2 December 2002, all remaining 19 units (one fell off a working platform) were grounded. Even though one year later the trains were admitted to service again, DB judged their operation to be overly expensive. DB must pay full diesel tax for the fuel. 
The trains were re-activated in anticipation of extra traffic during the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany. From 2006, they were used for charter and relief trains.
Starting end of 2007, the class 605 is used in regular service on the Berlin-Hamburg-Copenhagen route, as a replacement for the Danish IC3 trains in Hamburg-Copenhagen service (these should long ago been replaced by the IC4 trains, but due to technical problems those have not been commissioned yet by DSB). The ten class 605 used in these services were equipped with the Danish ATC safety system. From 2008, the Denmark-compatible 605 are also used for Berlin-Hamburg-Aarhus services (previously, IC3 was used on the Flensburg-Aarhus route, and regional trains on the Hamburg-Flensburg relation). From mid-2009, three more ICE-TD units are to be used in Germany-Denmark service, allowing DSB to free up more IC3 trains for domestic service.

</doc>
<doc id="20846911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846911" title="Josué Ayala">
Josué Ayala

Josué Daniel Ayala (born 30 May 1988 in Buenos Aires), is an Argentine football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Boca Juniors.
Career.
Following the departure of goalkeeper Aldo Bobadilla in 2007, Ayala was promoted to the first team. Ayala was relegated to fourth goalkeeper behind Mauricio Caranta, Pablo Migliore and Javier García. On 17 March 2008, Ayala suffered an accident on the Dellepiane highway while traveling from the club to his house. He was also accompanied by Pablo Migliore, who had been with Ayala for a training session. Fortunately, this accident had no serious physical consequences for both goalies. In the second half of 2008, he began to be included in the first team squad due to Caranta's injuries. Ayala then ascended to become the third goalkeeper after Pablo Migliore departed to Racing Club.
Despite not playing, he won his first official title in 2008 when Boca beat Arsenal de Sarandi in the Recopa Sudamericana. He became the backup goaltender to Javier García midway through the 2008 Apertura and made his debut for Boca on December 23, 2008, in the second half of the final championship playoff game against Tigre, when García was forced to leave with an injury. It had been reported that after Boca had claimed the title Ayala was assaulted and stabbed in his home. The knife had only gone through muscle tissue, preventing a great tragedy.
In 2010, Ayala was loaned to second division side Independiente Rivadavia.

</doc>
<doc id="20846921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846921" title="Gabriele Perthes">
Gabriele Perthes

Gabriele Perthes (born January 20, 1948) is a German swimmer. Born in Dessau, Soviet Occupied Zone, she competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics for East Germany.
In 1968, Gabriele Perthes competed in the women's 4×100 m freestyle relay, along with swimmer Uta Schmuck, Roswitha Krause, and Gabriele Wetzko. The team won a silver medal. 

</doc>
<doc id="20846926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846926" title="Robert Sewell (lawyer)">
Robert Sewell (lawyer)

Robert Sewell (1751 – 30 April 1828) was Attorney General of Jamaica and pro-slavery member of the Parliament of Great Britain.
Sewell was the son of Sir Thomas Sewell and Catherine Heath and christened 13 December 1751 at All Hallows, London.
He married Sarah Lewis in St Pancras, London on 18 November 1775. In February 1776 they set sail for Jamaica on board the "Judith and Hilaria" from Portsmouth with Sarah's sisters,Mary, Maria and Catherine.
In 1780 he was appointed Attorney General of Jamaica.
Robert Sewell returned to England in 1795 and became member of parliament for Grampound from 1796 to 1802. He spoke in the House of Commons on behalf of the West Indian Planters interest. In May 1797, he argued that it would be economically impossible to abolish slavery. In April and May 1798 he spoke against William Smith's proposal to provide minimum space for enslaved Africans on slave ships. He rejected a minimum of arguing that ""negroes prefer being herded together"".
He was an uncle of Monk Lewis. He also brought up William Henry, who adopted the name William Henry Sewell and became a general in the British Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20846931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846931" title="Arthur Korn (architect)">
Arthur Korn (architect)

Arthur Korn (4 June 1891 – 14 November 1978) was a German Jewish architect and urban planner who was a proponent of modernism in Germany and the UK.
Life and career.
Born in Breslau (now Wroclaw) in Silesia in 1891. Between 1909 and 1911 he studied at the Königliche Kunst- und Kunstgewerbeschule (Royal Art and Trade School) in Berlin. After World War I he worked briefly at the office of expressionist architect Erich Mendelsohn. In the 1920s he was active in the modernist architectural movement in Berlin, and associated with Bauhaus architects such as Walter Gropius and Ernst May. He was a member of Der Ring Berlin architectural collective. He published his influential work "Glas. Im Bau und als Gebrauchsgegenstand" (published in English as "Glass in Modern Architecture") in 1929. After the Nazi rise to power he was forbidden to practice as an architect in Germany on account of being Jewish. He moved first to Yugoslavia, then, in 1938, to London. There he joined the Modern Architectural Research (MARS) Group where, as chair of the town planning subcommittee, he was involved in drawing up the modernist MARS plan for post war London published in 1942. Between 1941 and 1945 he taught architecture and planning at the Oxford School of Architecture, then, from 1945 at the Architectural Association in London. He retired in 1965 before moving to Austria in 1969.
Glass in Modern Architecture.
Influenced by the principles of the "Die Neue Sachlichkeit" (New Objectivity), "Glass in Modern Architecture", published in 1929, has been described by Raymond McGrath as a 'prophetic book'. As well as visually presenting possibilities of glass, for instance, in the exterior walls of buildings, for the first time, it presents a pictorial history of the new architecture of the 1920s, including the early work of Mies Van der Rohe, the Bauhaus at Dessau and the Weissenhofsiedlung in Stuttgart.
The written part of the book is limited, consisting of an introduction and some writing on material and techniques, omitted from later editions. Something of Korn's enthusiasm for the new architectural possibilities of the material is conveyed. Glass, he claims "ist da, und es ist nicht da", it is 'noticeable yet not quite visible ...the great membrane, full of mystery, delicate yet tough'.
The MARS Plan for London.
Influenced by the pan European CIAM (Congres Internationeaux d'Architecture Moderne), the MARS (Modern Architectural Research) Group were interested in applying the ideas of the modernist movement in Britain, most notably in a post war plan for London. As chair of the plan's governing committee at MARS, Arthur Korn worked with what was described as a 'small and devoted' group including architects Arthur Ling and Maxwell Fry, the latter who worked as secretary, and fellow Jewish emigre, engineer Felix Samuely. Korn is described as having been 'the main spring of the enterprise' and as providing an 'infectious enthusiasm' that drove the project forward. Influenced by the Soviet urbanist Milyutin, the plan essentially conceived the centre of the city remaining much the same but with a series of linear forms or tongues extending from the Thames, described as like a herring bone, composed of social units and based around the rail network. Habitation in each social unit was to consist mainly of flats and owed much to Le Corbusier's notion of the "unite d'habitation". Described as 'unworkable' by Dennis Sharp, in his 1971 essay on the plan, he concedes it 'was not a concrete scheme but a concept that would by its very nature produce interpretations'. Marmaras and Sutcliffe argue the plan 'saw London almost entirely in terms of movement ... presented primarily as a centre of exchange and communications'. Moughtin and Shirley (1995) note that one of the aims of the plan was to promote public transport, where with railways integral to planning, the 'need for cars will be few'. . Korn's initial chairmanship of the plan was interrupted by his 18 month internship in the Isle of Man from 1939, on account of his German citizenship and perceived Communist sympathies, the period during which work on the plan fissled out. On his release, in 1941, work recommenced, an exhibition of the plan was organised and a 'description and analysis' was published under the joint authorship of Arthur Korn and Felix Samuely in the Architectural Association journal in 1942.
Teaching years at the Architectural Association.
Arthur Korn taught at the Architectural Association in London, from 1945, for over 20 years . A year after his retirement a collection of essays was published, edited by Dennis Sharp, to mark his time spent there. Sharp's preface referred to Korn's 'quiet achievement in influencing generations of architects and planners', through his work and his teaching. Edward Carter's introduction writes of Korn as teacher, who, at this best, gave the impression of 'a great performance', and describes how:
Influenced by the unitary aesthetic of the Bauhaus, Arthur Korn was described as someone whose vision of architecture spanned the 'whole range of scales from town to teaspoon'. In his teaching, as in his work in England, he was concerned with the relationship between architecture and planning, how, through these forms, we can express the 'uniqueness of modern life' and overcome the problems it presents.
Whilst contributing to a retrospective analysis of the MARS plan for London, in 1971, Korn describes architecture as something in which: 
Whilst praised for his passion and willingness to accept 'paper plans' and 'Utopian projects', he could sometimes be uncompromising and frank. On a visit to a newly built block of flats in Portsmouth, he is known to have exclaimed to those present, many of whom were ex-students of his:
'You have built these chicken-coops, these rabbit hutches! You?'.
Books.
"Glas. Im Bau und als Gebrauchsgegenstand". (Glass in Modern Architecture) (Berlin: 1929)
"History Builds the Town". (London: Lund, Humphries, 1953)
Literature.
Andreas Zeese: "Die vergessene Moderne. Arthur Korn - Architekt, Urbanist, Lehrer (1891-1978). Leben und Werk eines jüdischen Avantgardisten in Berlin und London". Diss. Universität Wien 2010 (in German)

</doc>
<doc id="20846944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846944" title="WOW Gospel Essentials">
WOW Gospel Essentials

WOW Gospel Essentials is a best of the best Gospel music collection spanning more than ten years. The album includes twelve songs a single CD. It reached 124 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2008, third place on the Top Gospel Albums chart and twenty-second place on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20846947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846947" title="Willy Holt">
Willy Holt

Willy Holt (30 November 1921 – 22 June 2007) was an American production designer and art director, who lived in France for many years and worked extensively for the French film industry. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Is Paris Burning?" He also won a César Award for Best Production Design for Au revoir, les enfants.

</doc>
<doc id="20846961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846961" title="Coalition Coupon">
Coalition Coupon

The ‘Coalition Coupon’, often referred to as ‘the coupon’, refers to the letter sent to parliamentary candidates at the United Kingdom general election, 1918 endorsing them as official representatives of the Coalition Government. The 1918 election took place in the heady atmosphere of victory in the First World War and the desire for revenge against Germany and its allies. Receiving the coupon was interpreted by the electorate as a sign of patriotism that helped candidates gain election, while those who did not receive it had a more difficult time as they were sometimes seen as anti-war or pacifist. The letters were all dated 20 November 1918 and were signed by prime minister David Lloyd George for the Coalition Liberals and Andrew Bonar Law, the leader of the Conservative Party. As a result the 1918 general election has become known as 'the coupon election'. 
The ‘Coupon’.
The name ‘coupon’ was coined by Liberal leader H H Asquith, disparagingly using the jargon of rationing with which people were familiar in the context of wartime shortages.
Text of the letter.
The letters all contained the same simple text:
"‘Dear ...
"We have much pleasure in recognizing you as the Coalition Candidate for (name of constituency)."
"We have every hope that the Electors will return you as their Representative in Parliament to support the government in the great task which lies before it."
"Yours truly,"
"D. Lloyd George"
"A. Bonar Law’"
Some coalition candidates included the wording of the letter in their election addresses.
Who received the Coupon?
Following confidential negotiations between Lloyd George’s Coalition Chief Whip, Freddie Guest, and George Younger, Chairman of the Conservative Party, over the summer of 1918, it was agreed that 150 Liberals were to be offered the support of the prime minister and the leader of the Conservative Party at the next general election.
According to the figures recorded in Wilson’s book, "The Downfall of the Liberal Party", 159 Liberal candidates received the ‘coupon’. A few of these were Independent Liberals, supporters of H H Asquith. Of those Liberals receiving the ‘coupon’ 136 were elected, whereas only 29 who did not receive the ‘coupon’ were returned to Parliament.
In addition to the Liberal and Conservative candidates who received the ‘coupon’ some letters were also sent to Labour supporters of the Coalition (although most were repudiated by the official Labour Party) and some to members of the patriotic, working class party the National Democratic Party.
Impact on Liberal candidates.
As Margaret Cole’s memoir of the time makes clear, many competent and patriotic candidates who did not receive the ‘coupon’, including sitting Liberal and Labour MPs, found themselves categorised as somehow anti-war or pacifist as a result. Sir Percy Harris, who had been MP for Harborough since 1916 recorded that once the ‘coupon’ had been allocated to his Conservative opponent it was interpreted as a personal reflection upon him by his constituents who assumed he must have done something wrong for the Liberal prime minister to be seen offering his open support to a rival. 
Most historians have since agreed that the coupon essentially sealed the fate of those Liberals who were not fortunate enough to receive the Coalition's backing. Those Liberals that Lloyd George chose to abandon were left defenceless against Coalition candidates, who had a full claim on the spirit of national unity and patriotism that characterised Britain's war weary mood following the end of hostilities.
The election result was catastrophic for these Asquithian Independent Liberals, who were decimated in the Coupon election. Only 28 were returned, and even Asquith lost the seat he had held in East Fife since the 1886 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20846973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846973" title="Panayannarkavu">
Panayannarkavu

Panayannarkavu Kavu temple is where the Sapta Matas, or the Seven Mother Goddesses are worshipped as the presiding power in the Indian state of Kerala. The fiercest of them all, Chamundi, is in centrally placed as Kali. There is also a temple of Siva on the premises.
The modest temple is located in a grove near Parumala and is girdled by a tributary of the Pampa river. The temple is 2 miles from Mannar, a village known for its bell-metal lamps and vessels. Until recently, esoteric tantricrituals were conducted in this Saktheya temple.

</doc>
<doc id="20846975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846975" title="Judith Bingham">
Judith Bingham

Judith Bingham is a British composer and mezzo-soprano singer.
Born in Nottingham on 21 June 1952 and educated at High Storrs Grammar School for Girls in Sheffield, she attended the Royal Academy of Music (1970–73), where her teachers were Malcolm MacDonald, Eric Fenby, Alan Bush and John Hall (composition), and Jean Austin-Dobson (singing). After leaving, she continued her composition studies privately with Hans Keller (1974–80).

</doc>
<doc id="20846976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846976" title="Marc Frédérix">
Marc Frédérix

Marc Frédérix (1919–2004) was a French art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Is Paris Burning?"

</doc>
<doc id="20846980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846980" title="The Infection">
The Infection

The Infection is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Chimaira. Released on April 20, 2009, it reached position 30 on the Billboard 200 charts on its first week of release, selling around 15,000 copies. This was improvement from the previous album's debut at No. 42. It is also their last album to feature long time bassist Jim Lamarca, drummer Andols Herrick, as well as longtime keyboard player Chris Spicuzza and guitarist Matt DeVries.
Promotion.
Within the order of promoting the album, the band revealed a track name from the album and a piece of the album cover on the main page of their website approximately every other day. The final track and entire cover were revealed on February 12, 2009. "Secrets of the Dead" was released as a single on iTunes March 3, 2009 and was first played for the public at their Chimaira Christmas show in Cleveland, Ohio. The song "Destroy and Dominate" was played live for the first time on Friday, March 6, 2009 at the Dubai Desert Rock Festival 2009. "Destroy and Dominate" was released for free on Chimaira's official Twitter profile on March 16, 2009 for one hour only. On April 16, 2009 Chimaira released the first nine tracks of "The Infection" on their MySpace profile for listening. The song, "On Broken Glass" is available as downloadable content for "Guitar Hero World Tour".
Production.
Rob Arnold told "Kerrang!" that "Try To Survive" was the first song written for the album.
All songs on the album were written in drop C except for Destroy and Dominate, The Disappearing Sun, and Try to Survive, which were written in drop B.
Fan involvement.
In order to further involve the fans and promote the album, Chimaira released the stem files that were used to create the "Destroy and Dominate" music video. Fans were asked to create their own version of the music video. The members of the band chose their favorites and the prizes went as follows:
1st Place: The Infection (Deluxe Tin Box) and two concert tickets to see Chimaira<br>
2nd Place: Two concert tickets to see Chimaira or a Chimaira T-Shirt<br>
3rd Place: Two concert tickets to see Chimaira or a Chimaira T-Shirt
Limited deluxe fan edition.
This is a special "Briefcase" version of the album, only 580 are said to be made and the first 100 bought are signed by the band, extra features include:

</doc>
<doc id="20846983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846983" title="Johnny Bliss">
Johnny Bliss

John Charles Bliss (born 30 August 1922 in Chinchilla, Queensland, died 9 August 1974 in Sydney, New South Wales) was a professional rugby league player who played for the Balmain Tigers, North Sydney Bears and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the NSWRL between 1942 and 1951.
Rugby League career.
Born in Queensland but raised on the Northern Beaches of Sydney, Johnny Bliss, nicknamed Blistering for his outstanding speed, was a scrawny Manly district junior who started out as a with the North Narabeen Surf Club. He was shifted to the as 16 year old after his coach Tom Ballard saw him packing into a scrum and then incredible pace in general play. Ballard told him ""You're too fast for a hooker boy - you're now on the wing"".
As the Manly club wouldn't have a first grade team until 1947, he was graded with Balmain in 1939. He went to North Sydney in 1941 but the Tigers claimed him on residence grounds for the 1942 and 1943 seasons (at the time a player was bound to play for the club in who's city zone he lived and a transfer involved proving residence for 12 months prior). In 1947 he moved to Manly and played on the wing in their first ever premiership match against Western Suburbs at Brookvale Oval, scoring a try in the teams hard fought 13-15 loss to Wests.
Bliss topped the try scoring for the North Sydney Bears in 1944 scoring seven tries, including a club record 5 tries in the 51-10 win over Easts in Round 9 at North Sydney Oval, and again topped the list in 1945 scoring nine tries. He would also top Manly's try scoring list in 1947 and 1950, scoring 10 tries in each season. In total Johnny Bliss played 121 games and scored 78 tries during his NSWRL career.
Representative career.
Johnny Bliss's general play, speed and try scoring ability was first recognised in 1945 when he was chosen for City firsts in the annual City vs Country match. He would go on to play four games for City (1945, 1947, 1948 and 1951), scoring three tries. In 1947 he played the first of six games for New South Wales, scoring a total of nine tries between 1947 and his last game in 1951. He was selected to represent Sydney against France during their 1951 tour of Australasia in a match that ended in a 19-all draw.
Also in 1951, Johnny Bliss was selected on the wing for Australia for the first Test against the Puig Aubert led France at the Sydney Cricket Ground. France ran out easy 26-15 winners in front of 60,160 fans. Following a poor game in which he, along with several team mates were criticized for 'timid tackling', Bliss was one of six players dropped for the second test held in Brisbane. This was to be the only international match Bliss was selected for in his career.
Unfortunately for Bliss, his form dropped off after his one off test appearance and he was dropped from first grade before the semi-finals. He returned to the side for the Final but missed selection in Manly's first ever grand final appearance against South Sydney that year through injury, the Sea Eagles going down 42-14 to the Rabbitohs at the Sydney Sports Ground. After his retirement, Bliss was the speed guru to several Manly players, including Bob Fulton, Graham Eadie, Russell Gartner and fellow beach sprint champion Nick Yakich.
Beach Sprinting.
Johnny Bliss wasn't just a rugby league player though. He was also a highly successful beach sprint champion. He won an amazing 12 Australian championships in a row from 1939 to 1952. A record that may never be equaled or broken and he even attempted a comeback at the age of 38 to win the 1960 NSW title.
Bliss was an exceptionally fast runner. During the 1947 season, decked out in full football gear including heavy leather football boots and carrying a football, Bliss clocked an amazing 11.1 seconds over 110 yards and also recorded 9.9 seconds over 100 yards. Compare this time with that run by American Harrison Dillard who won the 100 m gold medal at the 1948 London Olympics in 10.3 seconds and it shows just how fast Bliss really was.
Personal Life and Death.
Johnny Bliss was also a success in the world of men's toiletries and women's perfumery, working for two of the biggest names in the business, Faberge and Christian Dior.
Johnny Bliss, who was known as a practical joker and someone who loved life, died from the effects of a brain tumor on 9 August 1974, at the age of 52.

</doc>
<doc id="20846984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846984" title="Stubica">
Stubica

Stubica may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20846991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20846991" title="University of Glasgow School of Law">
University of Glasgow School of Law

The School of Law at the University of Glasgow provides undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Law, and awards the degrees of Bachelor of Laws ("Legum Baccalaureus", LL.B.), Master of Laws ("Iuris Vtriusque Magistrum", LL.M.), LLM by Research, Master of Research (M.Res.) and Doctor of Philosophy ("Philosophiæ Doctor", Ph.D.), the degree of Doctor of Laws being awarded generally only as an honorary degree.
There are forty-four full-time academic staff and over one thousand students. The current Head of the School of Law is Professor Rosa Greaves.
History.
At the University's foundation in 1451, there were four original faculties: Arts, Divinity, Law and Medicine. Both Canon and Civil Law were taught, however by the sixteenth Century, instruction in both of these had fallen out of practice. It was during this time that James Dalrymple of Stair came to Glasgow to study for an M.A. (1633-1637) and then became a regent (1641-1647) teaching philosophy. He went on to become Lord President of the Court of Session in 1671, and published his "Institutions of the Law of Scotland" in 1681, the first systematic exposition of Scots Law. The Stair Building, where the School of Law is housed, is named in his honour.
In 1713, Queen Anne endowed the Regius Chair of Law at the University. The first occupant of the Chair (from 1714) was William Forbes, and subsequent notable Professors have included John Millar, William Gloag, David Walker and Joe Thomson. This revived the teaching of Law at Glasgow, and subsequent Chairs included the Chair of Conveyancing, established in 1861 by the Faculty of Procurators; the Douglas Chair of Civil Law in 1948; the Chair in Jurisprudence (1952); in Public Law (1965); and the John Millar Chair of Law in 1985, named for the previously mentioned Regius Professor of Law.
In 1984, the Faculty of Law became the Faculty of Law and Financial Studies, and in 1992, the individual legal departments were grouped together into the School. In 2005, the Faculty merged with the Faculty of Social Sciences, becoming the Faculty of Law, Business and Social Sciences. On 1 August 2010 the Faculty of Law, Business and Social Science was combined with the Faculty of Education and the School of Interdisciplinary Studies, Dumfries into a new College of Social Sciences.
Today.
The School of Law is housed in the Stair Building (named for Viscount Stair), a row of internally connected terraced houses on The Square opposite the University Chapel. The School is associated with traditional Scots law teaching and with internationally recognised research across a wide range of subjects including Corporate Law and Financial Regulation, Intellectual Property Law, and Law and Security.
CREATe
CREATe is the RCUK research centre for copyright and new business models in the creative economy. With an ambitious programme of 40 projects delivered by an interdisciplinary team of academics (law, cultural economics, management, computer science, sociology, psychology, ethnography and critical studies), the centre is a pioneering academic initiative designed to help the UK cultural and creative industries thrive and become innovation leaders within the global digital economy. CREATe will examine the business, regulatory and cultural infrastructure of the cultural and creative industries by exploring cutting-edge questions around digitisation, copyright, and innovation in the arts and technology. The University of Glasgow, leads a consortium of 7 Universities which also comprises the University of East Anglia, the University of Edinburgh, Goldsmiths (University of London), University of Nottingham, University of St Andrews and the University of Strathclyde. CREATe is supported by £5m of funding over four years (2012-2016) from the Arts and Humanities Research Council (AHRC), Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) and the Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC).
Chairs.
The following Chairs of the University have provinces within the School of Law:
Courses Offered.
The School of Law offers the following undergraduate and taught postgraduate courses.
Undergraduate
Applicants for all undergraduate courses, except the two-year accelerated LL.B., are required to sit the Law National Admissions Test.
Taught Postgraduate
The School of Law,in addition to the Masters courses above, also offers the Diploma in Professional Legal Practice.
Research Degrees
The School of Law awards the degrees of LL.M. by Research and Ph.D. and offers research supervision in most areas of Law.
Study Abroad.
The School of Law has fostered links with universities all around the world to provide exchange and study abroad programmes. Students has 37 European and international partnerships across Europe and including Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Hong Kong and the USA.
Approximately 65% of the third year student cohort study abroad. In addition to being a necessary part of the Law with Languages programme it is open to all honours students in the School of Law. The School's International Officer is Professor Jim Murdoch.
Students.
Students in the School of Law elect Class Representatives from each of their classes to represent them at meetings of committees within the School of Law. The School comes within the Faculty of Law, Business and Social Sciences constituency on the Students' Representative Council.
Law Society.
The Glasgow University Law Society organises social activities for students at the School of Law, including the annual Law Ball, held every February. The event is of a comparable size to the GUSA Ball, and because of the number of students attending it is necessary to hold the event in city centre hotels as there is no hall in the University large enough to accommodate it. The Society co-ordinate various different events, focusing around being either social, academic or charity, headed by their respective Convenor.
The Society is student-run by a committee elected in the Spring, comprising President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer, Academic Convenor, Social Convenor, Media Convenor, Charities & Sponsorship Convenor, a Diploma Representative, a 4th Year Representative, a 3rd Year Representative, two 2nd Year Representatives and three 1st Year Representatives elected in the Autumn. Membership is open to all students of the School of Law, and the Society is affiliated to the SRC.
Mooting.
The School of Law has a student-run Mooting Society,
which runs an internal competition, The Dean's Cup, as well as organising the Alexander Stone National Legal Debate. All Scottish universities offering the LL.B. are entitled to enter this, although the competition is generally between Dundee, Edinburgh, Glasgow and Strathclyde universities. The final is held in February or March each year in the Alexander Stone Court Room on the ground floor of the Stair Building. University of Strathclyde currently holds the trophy.
The Sheriff's Cup, organised by Glasgow Sheriff Court, is an inter-varsity event held between Glasgow and Strathclyde and judged by a Senator of the College of Justice. The moot is held annually in May or June and takes place in one of the larger court rooms at Glasgow Sheriff Court. University of Strathclyde is the reigning champion.
The Society is supported by Mr John Macleod, and the current President of the Mooting Society is Bobby Lindsay.
Notable Alumni and Staff.
Alumni.
There have been many distinguished alumni of the School of Law, some of whom are listed below. These include the first woman appointed to the Scottish Bench, five current judges of the Court of Session (including the present Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Gill), two Law Lords, six Lord Presidents, twelve Lord Advocates, a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom and a Lord Chancellor, as well the first First Minister of Scotland, the current Deputy First Minister, and a Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons.
Law
Politics
Other professions

</doc>
<doc id="20847011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847011" title="Attorney General of Jamaica">
Attorney General of Jamaica

Attorney General of Jamaica is the chief law officer in Jamaica.
Section 79(1) of the Constitution of Jamaica states that "there shall be an Attorney General who shall be the principal legal adviser to the Government of Jamaica" and pursuant to the Crown Proceedings Act all civil proceedings by or against the Government are instituted in the name of the Attorney General.

</doc>
<doc id="20847023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847023" title="At Newport 1958">
At Newport 1958

At Newport 1958 is a 1964 live album by jazz musician Miles Davis.
Track listing.
Tracks 2-5 originally issued on "Miles and Monk at Newport";
tracks 6 and 7 originally issued on "Newport Jazz Festival Live";
John Coltrane courtesy of Prestige Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20847032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847032" title="John Brooks Slaughter">
John Brooks Slaughter

John Brooks Slaughter (born 16 March 1934) is an American electrical engineer and former college president who served as the first African-American director of the National Science Foundation (NSF). His work focuses on development of computer algorithms for system optimization and discrete signal processing.
Early life and education.
Slaughter was born in and grew up in Topeka, Kansas, and attended Topeka High School. After two years at Washburn University, Slaughter transferred and earned a B.S. in electrical engineering from Kansas State University in 1956, an M.S. in engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1961, and a Ph.D. in engineering sciences from the University of California, San Diego in 1971.
Academic career.
He took a civilian position at the United States Navy Electronics Laboratory in San Diego in 1960. He was appointed Director of the Applied Physics Laboratory of the University of Washington in 1975. He joined the NSF in 1977 as Assistant Director for Astronomics, Atmospherics, Earth and Ocean Sciences. From 1980 to 1982 he was Director of the NSF.
He was elected to membership in the National Academy of Engineering in 1982. From 1982 to 1988 Slaughter served as Chancellor of the University of Maryland, College Park, then served as President of Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1988 to 1999. In 1999 he was appointed Melbo Professor of Leadership in Education at the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="20847034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847034" title="Theoretical oxygen demand">
Theoretical oxygen demand

Theoretical oxygen demand (ThOD) is the calculated amount of oxygen required to oxidize a compound to its final oxidation products. However, there are some differences between standard methods that can influence the results obtained: for example, some calculations assume that nitrogen released from organic compounds is generated as ammonia, whereas others allow for ammonia oxidation to nitrate. Therefore in expressing results, the calculation assumptions should always be stated. 
"-- () 10:50, 2 March 2014 (UTC)=Example==
In order to determine the ThOD for glycine (CH2(NH2)COOH) using the following assumptions: 
We can calculate by following steps:
The theoretical oxygen demand represents the worse case scenario. The actual oxygen demand of any compound depends on the biodegradability of the compound and the specific organism metabolizing the compound. The actual oxygen demand can be measured experimentally and is called the biochemical oxygen demand (BOD).

</doc>
<doc id="20847043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847043" title="John Slaughter">
John Slaughter

John Slaughter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20847053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847053" title="Castle Rock (Alaskan Island)">
Castle Rock (Alaskan Island)

Castle Rock is an island in Alaska in the United States. It is one of the Shumagin Islands. Castle Rock is in Aleutians East Borough, and is located off the south coast of the Alaska Peninsula at 55.27917° North Latitude 159.49944° West Longitude.

</doc>
<doc id="20847057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847057" title="Pierre Guffroy">
Pierre Guffroy

Pierre Guffroy (22 April 1926 – 27 September 2010) was a French production designer and art director. He won an Academy Award for "Tess" in 1979 and had been previously nominated for one in another category Best Art Direction for "Is Paris Burning?" in 1966.
Selected filmography.
Guffroy won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20847063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847063" title="Hay Fever (The Green Green Grass)">
Hay Fever (The Green Green Grass)

Hay Fever is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "The Green Green Grass". It was first screened on 30 September 2005, as the fourth episode of series one.
Synopsis.
As Boycie and Marlene are only just dealing with the fact they have a gay bull and a miserable Welsh next door neighbour, they can't be doing with Tyler around the house all day and all night either. So they think it's time he started at his new school, to his total disgust. Meanwhile, Elgin orders a herd of cows as 'Farmer Boyce' instructed. But Marlene insists they buy only six cows and she is extremely annoyed when she arrives home and finds three hundred cows on the farm.
Production, broadcast and reception.
Writing.
This episode was written by John Sullivan, writer of "Only Fools and Horses". The whole of the first series was written entirely by John Sullivan.
Broadcast.
During its original airing, the episode had a viewing audience of 6.33 million, in the 8:30pm timeslot it was shown. This is the same audiences that sitcoms such as "My Family" attract.
This episode has since been re-run on BBC One, BBC HD and Gold. The show received one of the highest ratings of the week making it into the top thirty.
DVD release.
The UK DVD release was released on 23 October 2006. The release includes the 2005 Christmas Special, a short special entitled 'Grass Roots' and a short documentary on 'Rocky'.

</doc>
<doc id="20847066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847066" title="Benito Lertxundi">
Benito Lertxundi

Benito Lertxundi is a Basque singer-songwriter born in Orio (Spain) in 1942. He is an acclaimed and veteran figure in Basque music, who spearheaded with other key figures its revival in the 1960s and following years, showing an especial commitment to Basque culture and matters in general.

</doc>
<doc id="20847067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847067" title="Jörn Schlönvoigt">
Jörn Schlönvoigt

Jörn Schlönvoigt (; born 1 August 1986) is a German actor, singer and designer.
Schlönvoigt was born in Berlin. When only eleven years old, Schlönvoigt began to write his own lyrics, before he later bought himself a guitar and founded with sixteen, together with his half brother, his own punk rock band, Cherry Poppers. Later, Schlönvoigt also modeled for the Otto Versand.
After school, he began a schooling to become a merchandiser in retail. But when he got cast for the role of "Philip Höfer" in the soap opera "Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten" in late 2004, Schlönvoigt left the schooling for his acting skills.
Since then, he has built a huge fan base and portrays one of the most popular characters on the show. In 2007, he got the silver Otto award of the teen magazine "Bravo" in the category 'Best TV-Star - Male'. One year earlier he won the same award in gold.
On 7 September 2007 Schlönvoigt released his debut single "Das Gegenteil von Liebe" ("The Opposite of Love"), which was very successful in the German area. In the end of November, his second single followed, but was not as successful as the first one. On 25 January 2008 Schlönvoigt released his third single "Ein Leben lang" ("A Lifetime long"), which was also the image song of the German network RTL. His first album, named after himself, was released on 28 September 2007.
His role on "Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten" became quite popular again at the end of 2008, when his character was paired with the role of "Lucy Cöster", played by actress Sarah Tkotsch. The chemistry between the actors seemed very real. In April 2009, their management announced that Tkotsch and Schlönvoigt were also a couple in real life.
In 2010 Jörn Schlönvoigt and Sarah Tkotsch seceded and 2011 he liaised with Sıla Şahin, but February 2013 they divided.
Anyhow Schlönvoigt said to still have retained very amicable conditions with Şahin.
Schlönvoigt also launched his own fashion label "QNH - closing and more".

</doc>
<doc id="20847068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847068" title="Aruna Sairam">
Aruna Sairam

Aruna Sairam (also spelt Sayeeram, Tamil: அருணா சாய்ராம்) is an eminent Carnatic music vocalist.
She is a recipient of the Padma Shri award from the Government of India.
Early life.
Aruna Sairam received vocal training from her mother Rajalakshmi Sethuraman, who was a disciple of the Alathur Brothers and Thanjavoor Sankara Iyer. She later received training from prominent vocalists, Madurai Somasundaram and T. Brinda. She also learnt the art of pallavi singing from T. R. Subramaniam,
Career.
Aruna Sairam collaborated with many Indian artists apart from internationally acclaimed artistes, like Dominique Vellard, the French Gregorian singer.
Aruna Sairam has presented her concerts in all major sabhas in India, as well as many destinations across the world, including Carnegie Hall in New York, Le Théâtre de la Ville in Paris and the Festival of World Sacred Music in Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="20847075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847075" title="Garganica">
Garganica

The Garganica is a breed of goat which originated on the Gargano promentary in the Italian region of Puglia. From there it has spread to other parts of Puglia and to neighbouring regions.
The animals are of medium height and not heavy: adult males typically weigh 65 kg, and females 40 kg. The heads are rather small and adults have long, coarse black or dark chestnut hair. The skin of the kids are prized for their curly, raven-black hair. The annual milk yield of 200–250 litres is not particularly high, but the breed is noted for its toughness and is well suited to being raised in a wild state in very difficult habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="20847076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847076" title="Dorothy Lightbourne">
Dorothy Lightbourne

Dorothy Lightbourne was the Minister of Justice and the Attorney General of Jamaica from September 2007 to July 2011 when she was removed by Prime Minister Bruce Golding and replaced by Delroy Chuck as Minister of Justice and by Ransford Braham as Attorney General. She also served as the Leader of Government Business or Majority Leader of the Senate from September 2007 to July 2011.
She was born in Aeolus Valley, St Thomas, and raised as an Anglican. She attended Addey and Stanhope School and Hull University. She is a member of the Jamaica Labour Party. She was a Senator 1984-89 and was Deputy President of the Senate
Senator Lightbourne has come under many criticisms in light of her handling of the Manatt, Phelps & Phillips/Christopher 'Dudus' Coke extradition scandal. She has also come under a lot of public criticism for allegedly lying in the Commission of Enquiry as it relates to the Mannat/Dudus scandal and her rocky relationship with Senator K.D. Knight
Following her dismissal; she has withdrawn from public life and, politically, the roles of "Minister of Justice" and "Attorney General" - normally held by the same person - were split.

</doc>
<doc id="20847078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847078" title="Pillow Talk (The Green Green Grass)">
Pillow Talk (The Green Green Grass)

"Pillow Talk" is an episode of the BBC sitcom "The Green Green Grass". It was first screened on 7 October 2005, as the fifth episode of the first season of the series.
Synopsis.
Marlene is having sleeping problems, ...I don't like it round here, it's too quiet. Not even that bloody Owl outside is helping her sleeping pattern, but one thing might - and only Boycie can provide that. That is until Boycie believes that Jed could do something different to help Mrs Boyce. Also in this episode, Tyler falls in love with his English teacher but she is having no of it.
Production, broadcast and reception.
Writing.
This episode was written by John Sullivan, writer of "Only Fools and Horses". The whole of the first series was written entirely by John Sullivan.
Broadcast.
During its original airing, the episode had a viewing audience of 6.63 million, in the 8:30pm timeslot it was shown. This is the same audiences that sitcoms such as "My Family" attract.
This episode has since been re-run on BBC1, BBC HD and GOLD. The show received one of the highest ratings of the week making it into the top thirty.
DVD release.
The UK DVD was released on 23 October 2006. The release includes the 2005 Christmas Special, a short special entitled 'Grass Roots' and a short documentary on 'Rocky'.

</doc>
<doc id="20847087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847087" title="Sex and the Country">
Sex and the Country

Sex and the Country is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "The Green Green Grass". It was first screened on 14 October 2005, as the sixth episode of series one.
Synopsis.
Tyler approaches his English teacher and asks for a date. She declines, saying your education comes first! But this doesn't stop Tyler buying her a box of make up, which leads to his parents thinking he likes to dress up as a woman. In the end, Tyler makes it clear that it was a present for his teacher, which then heats things up as Marlene wants to give the English teacher what for. But Boycie goes to see her instead, and she makes it clear that she is not interested in Tyler, she only likes older men - so she is about to seduce Boycie (thus showing a female weakness to Boycie that was not shown in Only Fools and Horses) when her father Llewellyn stumbles in on the two of them. We have changed the description in the photo to Tyler's teacher, as this was a slight blunder. Tyler's girlfriend was actually Beth. Straight after being turned down by his teacher he asked Beth on a date and Beth accepted. He even claimed he bought the present for her, which he had actually bought it for his teacher.
Meanwhile, Elgin, Bryan, Jed and Mrs Cakeworthy concoct a potion for Rocky the bull, to make him more attracted to the female sex. Marlene then assumes it would make Boycie more sexually driven if he was to take a sip, so without him knowing she slips some in his coffee - But, what she doesn't know is that she gave him a different potion, and that Boycie has been drinking the same potion that the cows use to increase the size of their udders.
Production, broadcast and reception.
This episode was written by John Sullivan, writer of "Only Fools and Horses". The whole of the first series was written entirely by John Sullivan. During its original airing, the episode had a viewing audience of 6.40 million, in the 8:30pm timeslot it was shown. This is the same audiences that sitcoms such as "My Family" attract. This episode has since been re-run on BBC1, BBC HD and GOLD. The show received one of the highest ratings of the week making it into the top thirty. The UK DVD release was released on 23 October 2006. The release includes the 2005 Christmas Special, a short special entitled 'Grass Roots' and a short documentary on 'Rocky'.

</doc>
<doc id="20847089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847089" title="The Georgian House">
The Georgian House

The Georgian House is a British children's fantasy series first screened on ITV in 1976. The series consisted of seven episodes.
Plot.
The story concerned two students, Dan and Abbie, who arrive at a reconstructed Georgian House in Bristol, which is open for guided tours. They work there as tour guides along with the Caretaker. While there, they discover an African wood carving which takes hold of the teenagers and transports them back 200 years to a time when the house was owned by the Leadbetter family. They are accepted as part of the household as Abbie is seen as a visiting cousin and Dan is a bullied houseboy. While there, they meet a young Negro slave, Ngo who is owned by the Leadbetters. Abbie is desperate to set him free, but Dan is keen to get back to their own time. They discover that Ngo is the only one who can help them get back and they work together. Abbie and Dan succeed in setting Ngo free and they make it back to their own time.
Cast.
The two teenage leads were played by Spencer Banks, who had made his name earlier in the decade as Simon in the science-fiction series, "Timeslip", while Abbie was played by the unknown Adrienne Byrne. Well known actor Jack Watson played the Caretaker. Playing the slave boy Ngo, child actor Brinsley Forde was used, who went on to become famous as a member of 1980s reggae pop group, Aswad. Characters from the 18th Century were: Peter Scofield (Leadbetter), Constance Chapman (Mistress Anne), Janine Duvitski (Ariadne), Monica Lavers (Maid), Anne Blake (Madame Lavarre), Stephen Holton (Footman), Dudley Jones (Hezekiah Allsop), Anna Quayle (Miss Humphreys) 
Availability.
Today, only three episodes of the series exist in the HTV archive. These are episodes 1, 3 and 7, with the remaining four believed to have been wiped. Despite this, archive TV specialists Network DVD released the three remaining episodes on a single DVD on May 24, 2010. PDF files of the scripts represented the 'lost' episodes 2, 4, 5 & 6 allowing the narrative to be understood. [http://www.networkdvd.net/product_info.php?products_id=1141]

</doc>
<doc id="20847092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847092" title="Testing Times">
Testing Times

Testing Times is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 15 September 2006, as the first episode of series two.
Synopsis.
Boycie uses artificial fertiliser to increase the amount of crops he produces a year, but unfortunately for him his mad next door neighbour Llewellyn spots him hiding the artificial fertiliser and calls the European Union who come to inspect Boycie's farm. Boycie panics and believes he will be sent to prison, and Elgin, Bryan and Jed add to his worries when they give him a sleeping potion that results in an abnormal amount of hair loss. Can the farm staff save Boycie in time?
Production, broadcast and reception.
Writing.
This episode was written by Jim Sullivan, son of John Sullivan. The second series was written by a range of writers including John Sullivan himself.
Broadcast.
During its original airing, the episode had a viewing audience of 5.04 million, in the 8:30pm timeslot it was shown. The episode made it into the top thirty of that week.
DVD release.
The UK DVD release was released on 7 April 2008. The release includes the 2006 Christmas special, commentary on the first episode and a special ‘The Making of...’ documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="20847094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847094" title="Here's to You, Mrs Boyce">
Here's to You, Mrs Boyce

Here’s to You, Mrs Boyce is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 22 September 2006, as the second episode of series two.
Synopsis.
Tyler needs another load of help on his schoolwork, so a student-tutor comes to the house to try to help Tyler revise, although it's Marlene the student tutor puts his attention on. When this tutor makes a pass at Marlene, Boycie enters and mistakes the kiss for an epileptic fit, so Boycie - who is running for Mayor - attempts to revive the tutor with mouth to mouth - which leads to the tutor fancying Boycie instead. Meanwhile, Tyler tries to impress Beth by joining the school's rugby team.

</doc>
<doc id="20847099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847099" title="Bothered and Bewildered">
Bothered and Bewildered

Bothered and Bewildered is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 29 September 2006, as the third episode of series two. 
Synopsis.
In this classic episode of series two of the much loved spin off, Boycie decides that it's time to sack one of his staff members as they are not doing enough work. So, it's Mrs Cakeworthy that is for the chop. As soon as Mrs Cakeworthy leaves, strange things start to happen around Winterdown Farm - and Elgin, Byran and Jed seem to believe that these strange goings-on have something to do with the curse that Mrs Cakeworthy put on Farmer Boyce, as she is apparently a witch. In the end it is Marlene who has been scaring Boycie - in an attempt to get Mrs Cakeworthy her job back. A classic quote in this episode from Boycie: Yes, but you seem to be forgetting that I haven't got a cock. In fact I haven't got any poultry whatsoever... 

</doc>
<doc id="20847100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847100" title="Alton Simmons House">
Alton Simmons House

The Alton Simmons House, also known as Alton Simmons Residence, is a Ward Wellington Ward-designed home in Syracuse, New York. It is a gambrel-roofed house and includes a Henry Mercer-tiled fireplace.

</doc>
<doc id="20847108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847108" title="Mother Earth (The Green Green Grass)">
Mother Earth (The Green Green Grass)

"Mother Earth" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "The Green Green Grass". It was first screened on 6 October 2006, as the fourth episode of series two.
Synopsis.
Marlene tries to set up a massage and beauty parlour in the house, using Boycie as her guinea pig. During his therapy Marlene manages to semi-paralyse her husband whilst giving him a massage. Tyler and Beth are getting closer, but when Beth has been coming to the farm lately she has been seeing some strange goings-on involving Boycie and Marlene. It doesn't help matters when she sees Boycie totally naked in the living room of the house either! 

</doc>
<doc id="20847111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847111" title="Schoolboy French">
Schoolboy French

"Schoolboy French" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "The Green Green Grass". It was first screened on 13 October 2006, as the fifth episode of series two.
Synopsis.
Tyler has a French exchange student, Lawrence, coming to stay at the farm for a week, and all the ladies of the manor are excited as Lawrence is said to be a good looking young man, but when the student arrives it is a girl called Lawrence and it's now the men of the farm that start to get excited. Especially Tyler and Boycie - who are both being seduced by this young French girl (much to the disgust of Beth and Marlene). When Marlene sends the French girl packing, Tyler says sorry to Beth, and asks her to marry him - she accepts. That is until she finds out the ring he gave her was a tacky fake that Marlene got off a bloke back in the sixties - Could that man have been Del Boy?

</doc>
<doc id="20847113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847113" title="Jim Paredes">
Jim Paredes

Jaime Ramon "Jim" Paredes (born 31 August 1951) is a Filipino musician, producer, educator, writer, television personality, workshop facilitator, and activist best known for being one-third of the APO Hiking Society, along with Danny Javier and Boboy Garovillo.
Handog ng Pilipino sa Mundo.
Paredes' most prominent solo work is 1986' ""Handog ng Pilipino sa Mundo"", which has come to be known as the anthem of the bloodless 1986 People Power Revolution. It was recorded by 15 Filipino artists in April of that year, and its English version ""A New and Better Way"" was launched in Australia a few months later. In recognition of its significance, the lyrics of the song are embedded on a wall of the Our Lady of Edsa Shrine, which commemorates the 1986 revolution.
Television work.
Paredes' most prominent television appearances include:
Solo Albums.
1) Ako Lang—1996
2) Laro—2011

</doc>
<doc id="20847115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847115" title="More Questions Than Answers">
More Questions Than Answers

More Questions Than Answers is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 20 October 2006, as the sixth episode of series two. 
Synopsis.
Llewellyn returns in this episode, challenging Boycie to a pub quiz whereby the loser will have to pay the winner a large sum of money, thanks to Elgin's constant bargaining on behalf of Boycie. The Boyces look set for a huge money loss when their team is nothing but Elgin, Byran and Jed. But when young Tyler turns up and answers all the 2nd round questions right, Winterdown Farm looks like it is set to have a bright, rich and rewarding future... 

</doc>
<doc id="20847120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847120" title="Codex Daltonianus">
Codex Daltonianus

Codex Daltonianus, known as "Minuscule 1423" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by A119 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on a paper. Palaeografically it had been assigned to the 14th century (or about 1200). 
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels on 352 paper leaves (29.0 by 21.8 cm), with marginal commentaries (approx. 47 lines). The text is written in one column per page, in 21 and more lines per page. Titles of κεφαλαια are written in semi-uncials. The headings are ornamented. It contains Prolegomena, tables of κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, κεφαλαια ("chapters") at the margin, and commentaries.
Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
Lake described it in 1902. It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by C. R. Gregory.
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 601) at Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="20847121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847121" title="Aizkraukle Castle">
Aizkraukle Castle

Aizkraukle Castle (; ) is a ruined medieval castle, located on the right bank of the river Daugava in Latvia to the west of the modern town of Aizkraukle, in Aizkraukle region. The castle was built in the second half of the 14th century by the Livonian Order. From 1334-1480 it was the seat of a Komtur. 
In 1559, Aizkraukle was seized by the Poles. In 1577 it was captured by the Russians. The castle was still standing in 1633, but was in ruins by 1680. Today remains of the foundations are still visible, and there is a fragment of a wall up to 5 metres high. The picturesque ruins serve as a popular local tourist destination.
The structure should not be confused with Old Aizkraukle Castle (; ), another medieval castle site, of the 13th century, a few kilometres downstream.

</doc>
<doc id="20847123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847123" title="Brothers and Sisters (The Green Green Grass)">
Brothers and Sisters (The Green Green Grass)

Brothers and Sisters is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 27 October 2006, as the seventh episode of series two. 
Synopsis.
When Marlene secretly invites her sister down to come and stay for the week, Boycie is angry and he reminds his wife that they are on the run from the Driscoll brothers who do want to shoot Boycie in the head. When Marlene's sister arrives, Bryan instantly falls in love with her. But Marlene's sister isn't the only one to be visiting the Boyces, as the Driscoll brothers have followed her and are prepared to let Boycie live if he lets them hide something on his open fields. So the Driscolls leave, to see Boycie's dog, Earl, digging up the ground where the Driscoll brothers' 'thing' is buried. 

</doc>
<doc id="20847129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847129" title="But is it Art?">
But is it Art?

But is it Art? is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 2 November 2007, as the first episode of series three. The title derives from Rudyard Kipling's poem "The Conundrum of the Workshops" (1890), which uses the phrase repetitively.
Synopsis.
Boycie and Marlene take a trip to a local country mansion, where Boycie admires the portraits that adorn the walls. Later, in the pub, he recounts his admiration of this long established tradition of respect for the gentry. Meanwhile, thrown out by his wife, Elgin has moved into Bryan’s caravan and Mrs Cakeworthy’s relentless gossiping fuels speculation about their change in relationship. Later the caravan burns down, and Boycie is horrified to find that Marlene has offered Bryan and Elgin a place to stay until it is fit to inhabit again. Still at the Grange a month later, Boycie despairs of ever getting rid of them, but they have a surprise in store - as a mark of their gratitude, they have commissioned a renowned local artist, Genevieve Klunge, to paint his portrait. Sadly for Boycie, Mrs Klunge is mainly renowned for her paintings of cows.

</doc>
<doc id="20847131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847131" title="St. Peter's Priory, Lund">
St. Peter's Priory, Lund

St. Peter's Priory (), or the Priory of St. Peter and St. Mary, was one of Denmark's early monastic houses. It was located in Lund, Skåne, now southern Sweden, formerly part of Denmark.
History.
St. Peter's Priory was established before 1166 during the tenure of Eskil, Archbishop of Lund, for Benedictine nuns. It was originally dedicated to Saint Mary and Saint Peter, but by 1200 it was simply referred to as St. Peter's Priory. The original church was built in the latter half of the 1160s of sandstone with the rounded arches of the Romanesque style. 
The church was rebuilt in brick and expanded about 1300 in the Gothic style. The entire complex consisted of three ranges with the priory church forming the fourth side of a quadrilateral enclosure. The complex included a dormitory, refectory and cellars, and a wing for lay sisters. The church over time came into possession of many income properties which paid rents to sustain the priory. There are records of several exchanges of farms between St. Peter's Priory and the chapter of Lund Cathedral. 
In the course of the Reformation Denmark became officially a Lutheran kingdom in October 1536. All religious houses and their many acquired income properties reverted to the crown. The entire archive of the priory was lost except for a few letters regarding the disposition of the priory near the time of the Reformation. The last letter of the prioress, dated 1537, giving up the priory is found among them. The estate was given to Eskil Oxe by the crown until 1565 when it passed into the possession of Jorgen and Inger Brahe, the maternal uncle and aunt of Tycho Brahe, the famous Danish astronomer.
About 1600 all the conventual buildings were demolished, leaving the priory church to serve as the parish church of St Peter's. The burial ground continued to be used for burials until modern times.

</doc>
<doc id="20847133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847133" title="The Lonely Herdsman">
The Lonely Herdsman

The Lonely Herdsman is an episode of the BBC sitcom, "The Green Green Grass". It was first screened on 9 November 2007, as the second episode of series three. 
Synopsis.
When Marlene drags Boycie and Tyler to visit her mother Dora, the battle lines are drawn. Spending the day away from the farm gives the staff freedom – well, more than they usually have to sit around doing almost nothing. The only exceptions being Bryan trying his hand at poetry to stop him feeling lonely and Mrs Cakeworthy surfing the net to help him find a solution.
Notes.
Ricky Hatton is seen in this episode in the bar when Bryan gets beaten up.

</doc>
<doc id="20847139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847139" title="If You Go Down to the Woods">
If You Go Down to the Woods

"If You Go Down to the Woods" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 23 November 2007, as the third episode of series three.
Synopsis.
Marlene is distraught when Earl the dog and Tyler both go missing. Boycie, Bryan and Jed form a search party, but entering the haunted woods with night drawing in soon confounds the rescuers causing them a wet, cold and miserable nights sleep on the woodland floor. Meanwhile, Tyler and Beth progress with their relationship. 

</doc>
<doc id="20847145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847145" title="Sweet Sorrow">
Sweet Sorrow

Sweet Sorrow is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 30 November 2007, as the fourth episode of series three. 
Synopsis.
Boycie and Marlene are flushed with pride as they dream of their son's golden future, but when Tyler's exam results let him down, it is the staff who provide the key to his career and get him motivated. Meanwhile, Boycie calls in a favour that will help Tyler get into University. 

</doc>
<doc id="20847148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847148" title="Fifteen Minutes (The Green Green Grass)">
Fifteen Minutes (The Green Green Grass)

Fifteen Minutes is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 7 December 2007, as the fifth episode of series three. 
Synopsis.
Boycie can't believe that his staff are auditioning for a reality TV show, but the lure of fame proves too much for him resist. Meanwhile, Marlene has some plans of her own for when he's away resulting in confusion when Boycie returns home in a hurry. 

</doc>
<doc id="20847154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847154" title="The Final Curtain (The Green Green Grass)">
The Final Curtain (The Green Green Grass)

The Final Curtain is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 14 December 2007, as the sixth episode of series three. 
Synopsis.
Boycie uncovers shocking information about his family tree and, with Tyler unexpectedly returning home from university, he is convinced something serious is afoot which could result in an early death. When Dora arrives he is reassured but is even more startled about what he is told. 

</doc>
<doc id="20847159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847159" title="Paul Ruffner">
Paul Ruffner

Paul Ruffner (born October 15, 1948) is a retired American basketball player who played in both the American Basketball Association and the National Basketball Association.
Ruffner was born on in Downey, California. He played basketball at Earl Warren High School in Downey, California.
A 6'10" center, Ruffner played college basketball for Brigham Young University. The Chicago Bulls selected Ruffner in the second round of the 1970 NBA Draft and the Virginia Squires selected him in the 1970 ABA draft. Ruffner signed with the Bulls.
Ruffner played his rookie season, 1970–71, with the Bulls. Ruffner played for the Pittsburgh Condors of the ABA in the next season. After a year out of both leagues, Ruffner played during the 1973-74 and 1974-75 seasons for the NBA's Buffalo Braves. Ruffner then landed with the Baltimore Claws but the team folded after a few preseason exhibition games. Ruffner concluded his professional career in the final season before the ABA-NBA merger by appearing in two games for the Spirits of St. Louis during the 1975-76 campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20847160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847160" title="Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2007–08">
Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2007–08

The 2007–08 season of the Norwegian Premier League, the highest bandy league for men in Norway.
21 games were played, with 2 points given for wins and 1 for draws. Solberg won the league, whereas Hamar IL was relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="20847163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847163" title="Lust in Translation">
Lust in Translation

Lust in Translation is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 21 December 2007, as the seventh episode of series three. 
Synopsis.
Bryan gets more than he bargained for when he meets his new love and the staff's loyalties are severely tested for the events that follow. Llewellyn seizes the opportunity of securing extra labour when Bryan’s lustful date arrives with her unexpected family in toe. 

</doc>
<doc id="20847164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847164" title="Stone functor">
Stone functor

In mathematics, the Stone functor is a functor "S": Topop → Bool, where Top is the category of topological spaces and Bool is the category of Boolean algebras and Boolean homomorphisms. It assigns to each topological space "X" the Boolean algebra "S"("X") of its clopen subsets, and to each morphism "f"op: "X" → "Y" in Topop (i.e., a continuous map "f": "Y" → "X") the homomorphism "S"("f"): "S"("X") → "S"("Y") given by "S"("f")("Z") = "f"−1["Z"].

</doc>
<doc id="20847169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847169" title="The Special Relationship (The Green Green Grass)">
The Special Relationship (The Green Green Grass)

The Special Relationship is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was first screened on 30 December 2007, as the 2007 Christmas special. 
Synopsis.
Whilst out in the fields, Boycie and Marlene are horrified when Earl digs up an unexploded hand grenade, and after throwing it as far away as possible, they take cover behind the nearest tractor - only for Earl to bring it back to them. A further search reveals that there are many old military relics in the fields, and Boycie decides to transform one of his barns into a military museum. Tyler and Bethany play a prank on Boycie by pretending to stage several interviews with international newspapers, but he catches them in the act. It turns out, however, that one of the calls he received was a genuine call from a local Peckham newspaper.
Shortly after, an article in the Peckham Times about Boycie's discovery catches the eye of one Cliff Cooper (George Wendt) a billionaire American CEO from Los Angeles. Cliff then drives up to visit Oakam, and turns up unexpectedly at The Grange. He reveals that The Grange was used as an officer's barracks for an overseas US Army base near the village, and he was billeted there in the 1970s as a young army officer. Boycie and Marlene are quick to invite him to their home as a guest, and at the local pub, Cliff reminisces fondly about his posting at the village, sharing banter with Elgin (an old friend) about 'Cloud Day' - a covered-up incident in which a nuclear device stored at the local village leaked a cloud of steam through the village, and it soon emerges that Cliff was a lady's man, having had more than a few flings with the local women during his posting (although an angry Llewellyn storms that the American soldiers got all the girls because of their money, smart clothes, aftershave and regular bathing). Cliff mentions that a colleague had mentioned to him that he might well have had offspring in the village from one of his girlfriends, and it soon emerges that the girl he remembers most fondly is Mrs. Cakeworthy's mother. After checking Mrs. Cakeworthy's details in the old Landlord's files, the date reveals that her birthday was around nine months after Cliff's posting ended, and when she mentions that she never knew her father, and that her mother always talked about him being a US Army officer, they begin to suspect that she might be his daughter. He and Boycie conspire to get a DNA sample from Mrs. Cakeworthy's tea cup, and after running tests on the cup Boycie took, the results come back positive. Cliff gleefully proclaims himself to be Mrs. Cakeworthy's long-lost father, and the two are delighted. 
Deciding to bring her with him to the States, Cliff and Mrs. Cakeworthy are preparing to leave, when it is noticed on her passport that the birth-date is almost a year prior to the one in the files, and she admits that she lied about her age to get a job with the old Squire, and she was actually born a year before Cliff came to the UK, and Marlene reveals that the cup Boycie took for DNA testing was actually Cliff's. On the other side of the farm, Jed reveals while on the phone to the bank that his mother was, in fact, Aurora, another of Cliff's flings, and suggesting that he is Cliff's son. As a saddened Cliff is leaving the farm, deciding that he will have to return to the United States without knowing who he is the father of, he and Jed make eye contact, and both men realise the truth. Meanwhile, a miserable Mrs. Cakeworthy is commenting about how her mother had mentioned her father having been an American Army Captain, and Elgin (who had borrowed a Captain's uniform to have a better chance with the ladies) is worried upon realising that he might be her father.

</doc>
<doc id="20847171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847171" title="Josiah Leming">
Josiah Leming

Josiah Leming (born March 26, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter, best known for appearing in Season 7 of "American Idol", where he was cut during the Hollywood round of the auditions, just before the semifinals. His cut followed a subpar performance, but was considered somewhat controversial nonetheless. Leming's debut album, Come On Kid, from Warner Bros. came out September 13, 2010.
Biography.
Josiah Leming was born in Morristown, Tennessee. He was raised by his mother and stepfather alongside four brothers and four sisters, six of whom are adopted. Leming first learned the piano when he was eight years old after his mother purchased a Casio keyboard for Christmas. He also played his grandmother's piano during visits to her house, and participated in school musicals and choirs. Described as "self-taught", he also credits an "elderly piano instructor" for his early musical education.
By 13, Leming was writing his own music. A friend introduced him to musicians DC Talk, Coldplay and Travis, Neil Young, Bob Dylan, Ryan Adams, and The Smiths at 15. They had some influence on Leming’s musical style. When he was 16, Leming began to perform locally. He dropped out of high school and left Morristown at 17, in an attempt to both make it as a musician and find a way to support his large and struggling family. Leming played in clubs and coffeehouses throughout the Southeast while working at restaurants and temp agencies to pay for food and gas. He traveled to Atlanta, Georgia in late 2007 when he heard "American Idol" would hold auditions there.
He currently lives in Morristown, Tennessee.
Musical career.
In 2007 Leming self-released "The Paperplain" EP and "Her" EP on his MySpace page for digital download—neither EP is available now.
After leaving "American Idol", Leming signed a record deal with Warner Bros. in 2008 and began work on his debut album "Come on Kid". To promote the album, Warner Bros. released "Angels Undercover" EP in 2008 and "Punk Ass Rain" EP in 2009. Meanwhile, Leming recorded "Come on Kid" in London and Los Angeles, with the help of producers Jesse Owen Astin, Martin Terefe, Warren Huart and David Kosten. Two songs from "Angels Undercover" EP are featured on the album--"To Run" and "Arctic Outcry Wind".
"Come on Kid" was released on September 13, 2010, after some delays. "It was emotional, and it took a long time," Leming tells Billboard.com. "In order to make an album that everybody was happy with, and also that I felt good about, it took the good part of two years to kind of wrangle that in." While these delays were rumored to have been caused by contract disputes with 19 Entertainment, both Leming and 19 now say that the "disputes" were simply a misunderstanding.
"Come on Kid" failed commercially, which prompted Warner Bros. to drop Leming from the label in late 2010.
Leming recorded music independently in Burbank, California for three years before returning to Tennessee in early Fall 2011. He released a new single "What You've Taken" on February 6, 2011 in conjunction with the launch of his official website. The single was available on his website for free download until March 6, 2011.
Leming plays in different venues across the country to promote his music. In addition, he does a live 30-minute broadcast on Stickam usually every Sunday at 6:30 PDT, performing his songs and updating viewers on the progress of his musical career. He also regularly updates his Facebook and Twitter page.
During a live Stickam broadcast on July 24, 2011, Leming announced he will self-release his sophomore album September 2011.; however, he later pushed the release date to October or November 2011.
Leming released three singles from his sophomore album in anticipation of its release. On September 24, 2011, he released a studio recorded version of his well-known song, "One Last Song". "Too Young" was released on October 24, 2011, followed by "Another Life" on November 10, 2011.
His self-released sophomore album, titled "Another Life" was released on November 29, 2011.
"On American Idol".
Leming was a contestant on Season 7 of "American Idol"; the producers were interested in his life as a traveling musician living out of his car. In an interview with MTV News, Leming said he was disappointed with how they portrayed his life as a "sob story". "I wanted to stand on my voice, and my own two feet," he explained, "but they wanted to know about the story and they wanted to use it. I definitely wasn't going for the sympathy vote."
He became a popular contestant after singing his rendition of "Grace Kelly" by English singer Mika. However, Leming did not make it to the top 24 for his performance of "Stand by Me" by Ben E. King; Randy Jackson and Paula Abdul refused to side with Simon Cowell in his wish to see Leming advance to the semifinals.
Leming later admitted the performance was poor. "I didn't know that song, so I was trying to make it my own, and I focused more on the words than the melody. And that's why it was kind of all messed up." He wanted to sing "Take Me Out" by Franz Ferdinand, but was not allowed to—Leming did not know why.
Cowell is on record saying that he feels it was a mistake not to put Leming through to the next round, having stated: "We should have put him through. I was all for it. I wanted him in the competition." Leming's controversial ouster is widely believed to be one factor behind the return of wild cards to the selection process in Season 8.
Leming's popularity grew after returning to Tennessee. He gained more followers on MySpace. In addition, many label representatives called him, and producers of The Ellen DeGeneres Show invited Leming to make a guest appearance, which he accepted. Leming signed a record deal with Warner Bros.

</doc>
<doc id="20847173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847173" title="The Path of True Love">
The Path of True Love

The Path Of True Love is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass. It was screened on 8 January 2009, as the first episode of the fourth series. 
Synopsis.
The staff easily notice that all is not well at Winterdown Farm. Boycie’s lack of attention giving is upsetting Marlene so much that she feels unloved, under-valued and extremely lonely. With worries floating through her head that their marriage may be coming to a close she seeks the help of the local marriage guidance counsellor. When Boycie finds out that their private problems are being spread about the village by no other than his own wife! However, he soon finds out not to confront her as her depression transforms into fury and she throws him out.
Meanwhile, the pub is being repaired after a huge fireball, a farmers’ convention is taking up all the space at the local hotel and Boycie’s car has found its own way into a pond – so Boycie remains homeless. Until Bryan offers him a bed that is, although he will have to sleep on the floor as a sick sheep is in the bed. Priorities! Also, Marlene has a girlie chat with Mrs Cakeworthy.
Production, broadcast and reception.
Conception.
The title for this episode is taken from an episode of John Sullivan’s hit comedy series, Citizen Smith. The episode though bares no resemblance to the Citizen Smith episode. See: List of Citizen Smith episodes.
The episode seems to have been based on the idea that both Boycie and Marlene are always at each other's throats so this episode was written to explore what would have if they actually did break up after a row.
Filming and cast.
This episode was filmed in late 2008 at Teddington Studios. The episode features only the main characters displayed above in the cast list. Regulars do not feature. Other characters such as Colin Cakeworthy are made reference to but not do feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20847179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847179" title="List of Rectors of Thomasschule zu Leipzig">
List of Rectors of Thomasschule zu Leipzig

Rectors of the Thomasschule zu Leipzig (St. Thomas School of Leipzig), in Leipzig, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20847184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847184" title="Home Brew (The Green Green Grass)">
Home Brew (The Green Green Grass)

"Home Brew" is an episode of the BBC sitcom "The Green Green Grass". It was screened on 15 January 2009, as the second episode of the fourth series.
Synopsis.
Whilst searching through the loft, Boycie finds some ancient scrolls and paperwork left behind by the old squire. He also finds a medieval recipe for a traditional local liquor called ‘Ye Potato Cyder’. The recipe is accompanied by a royal charter allowing Boycie to make and sell the liquor. With the help of his staff he goes into full-scale business building a distillery in his barn and buying up all the potatoes in the locality. Unfortunately his success attracts two people he thought he’d never see again.
Production, broadcast and reception.
Writing.
This episode was written by John Sullivan. On-screen credits state that this episode is written by John Sullivan alone however the official website and BBC Press Office state that writer Keith Lindsay co-wrote this episode.
Broadcast and reception.
During its original airing, the episode had a viewing figure of 4.02 million, in the 8:30pm time slot it was shown. This episode is only the second episode to be aired on a Thursday evening. This episode was simulcast on BBC HD.
DVD release.
The UK DVD release has not yet been released. It is expected to be released late 2010. It is also expected to consist of all nine episodes

</doc>
<doc id="20847192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847192" title="Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs (Tanzania)">
Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs (Tanzania)

The Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs "(MoFEA)" is a government ministry of Tanzania.
It "manages the overall revenue, expenditure, and financing of the Government of the United Republic of Tanzania and provides the Government with advice on the broad financial affairs of Tanzania in support of the Government's economic and social objectives." Its duties include "preparing the Central Government budget; developing tax policy and legislation; managing Government borrowings on financial markets; determining expenditure allocations to different Government institutions; transferring central grants to local governments; developing regulatory policy for the country's financial sector in cooperation with the Bank of Tanzania[,] and representing Tanzania within international financial institutions."
The ministry is located in Dar es Salaam and is headed by Minister William Mgimwa.

</doc>
<doc id="20847210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847210" title="Eben Britton">
Eben Britton

Eben Britton (born October 14, 1987) is an American football guard for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Arizona.
Early years.
Britton played his high school career at John Burroughs High School in Burbank, California. He was a three-year varsity starter at the school earning All-CIF honors and All Foothill League honors.
Considered a four-star recruit by "Rivals.com", Britton was listed as the No. 16 offensive tackle prospect in the nation.
College career.
In 2008, Britton moved to left tackle from right tackle and according to the coaches registering a school season-record 111 key knockdowns. He was named First-team All-Pac-10. In 2007 he played right tackle earned Second-team All-Pac-10 honors.
The previous season, 2006, the coaches voted him Arizona's most consistent and best offensive lineman. He redshirted in 2005. He majored in creative writing.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
In an NFL Draft loaded with talented offensive linemen, Britton was considered one of the better players available, and drew comparisons to Marc Colombo. However, he was deemed "not athletic enough to be a consistent pass blocker against the faster pass rushers" at left tackle, and therefore was projected to "have a long, solid career on the right side." Initially thought of as a potential first-rounder, Britton fell to the second round, where he was selected 39th overall by the Jacksonville Jaguars. Reportedly angry about not being drafted in the first round, Britton said: "I'm gonna work my ass off for the Jacksonville Jaguars and people are gonna regret it. I've got my own agenda, and that's first and foremost to take the Jacksonville Jaguars to the Super Bowl. Secondly, I'm gonna be the greatest offensive tackle to ever play this game."
Jacksonville Jaguars.
In an effort to rebuild their offensive line, the Jaguars selected Eugene Monroe and Britton with their first two picks. While Monroe was to occupy the left tackle spot, Britton was expected to compete with Tony Pashos for the starting nod at right tackle. On August 1, 2009, the Jaguars signed Britton to a four-year deal worth approximately $4.6 million that includes $2.83 million guaranteed. Britton was named the starting right tackle prior to the final preseason game. Pashos was moved to right guard as a result. After the final preseason game, Pashos was released and Britton was listed as the starting right tackle.
In the 2012 preseason, Britton was moved from right tackle to left guard.
Chicago Bears.
Britton signed with the Chicago Bears on April 16, 2013.
Personal life.
His father, the New York painter Jeff Britton, played college basketball at Jacksonville University. His grandmother is Estelle Parsons. who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Bonnie and Clyde".

</doc>
<doc id="20847212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847212" title="Judy Maddren">
Judy Maddren

Judy Maddren is a Canadian radio announcer who works primarily for CBC Radio.
She first joined CBC in 1972, and worked as a consumer affairs reporter; at that time, CBC was not hiring women as announcers. When this policy changed, in 1975, Maddren was the third woman to be hired.
From 1993 to 2009, she hosted or co-hosted CBC Radio's national morning newscast, World Report.
She is the sister-in-law of Peter Elliott.
On March 17, 2009, she announced that she was retiring from the CBC; her last broadcast was on World Report on March 27, 2009. She continues to guest host Rewind on CBC Radio One for Michael Enright along with fellow guest hosts and producers Marika Mayer and Jeff Goodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20847220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847220" title="Castle Rock (Alaskan mountain)">
Castle Rock (Alaskan mountain)

Castle Rock is a mountain in Denali Borough in Alaska in the United States.
Castle Rock is located at 63.366389° North Latitude 150.274444° West Longitude, 26.4 statute miles (42.5 kilometers) from Healy, Alaska. Its peak rises 5,584 feet (1,702 meters) above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20847228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847228" title="Battle of Tacuarí">
Battle of Tacuarí

The Battle of Tacuarí (9 March 1811) was a battle in Southern Paraguay between revolutionary forces under the command of General Manuel Belgrano, member of the Primera Junta government of Argentina, and Paraguayan troops under colonel Manuel Atanasio Cabañas, at the time at the service of the royalists.
History.
After the May Revolution in Buenos Aires, capital of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, the Primera Junta government invited the other cities and provinces to join the revolution. Any intent of preserving the local governments previous to the revolution were considered hostile; and as a consequence two military campaigns were launched to suppress the resistance, one to Upper Peru and another to Paraguay, whose Spanish governor, Bernardo de Velasco, had refused to recognize the Junta and had received political support from the Cabildo of Asunción.
General Manuel Belgrano, a member of the Junta was named commander of the expedition with only 700 men, half of them without military experience. Even though his forces were small, the extreme prudence of Velasco got them to fight first at Paraguarí, near Asunción, where he was defeated with relative ease.
Forced to retreat, Belgrano marched to the Tebicuary river, where he was joined by 400 men from the Guaraní militias from Yapeyú and some men from the Fatherland Cavalry Regiment (ex-Blandengues). As noted in his "Memoirs", the Paraguayans did not pursue, and he could continue retreating to the town of Santa Rosa. There he received news that the situation was worsening at the Banda Oriental, so the Junta was ordering him to end the Paraguay campaign soon so he could help in the new theater of operations. On his part Belgrano requested reinforcements and decided to stop the retreat at the Tacuarí river and establish a defensive position. He was confident that with reinforcements from Buenos Aires he could maintain the position.
The help sent by the Junta consisted of a small naval squadron travelling north on the Paraná River. This flotilla, composed of three small ships under the command of Juan Bautista Azopardo was defeated on March 2, 1811 at San Nicolás de los Arroyos, so Belgrano was left without reinforcements.
The Paraguayans advanced after Belgrano, expecting he would retread without combat after the defeat at Paraguarí. The vanguard was under the command of Fulgencio Yegros and the main army under General Manuel Cabañas, with a total of 2,000 men, plus a reinforcement of three pieces of artillery.
The battle.
Velazco had communicated to Cabañas by letter on January 29:
The Paraguayan forces under Cabañas consisted of a total of 1,400 men and 10 artillery pieces. Cabañas directly commanded 1.000 men with a division under commander Blas José de Rojas, 200 men from Villarrica with 7 pieces of artillery, an advance force under commander Fulgencio Yegros with two squadrons of cavalry (urban militias from Villarrica, Villa Real de Concepción and Caazapá) and five companies of infantry under captain Pedro Juan Caballero, captain Antonio Tomás Yegros, commander García, commander José Mariano Recalde and sub-lieutenant Pedro Pablo Miers. These forces were complemented by 400 men under commander Juan Manuel Gamarra with three pieces of artillery under the command of Pascual Urdapilleta.
On the morning of March 7 the Paraguayan troops joined in one place with the arrival of Gamarra's forces to the right side of the Tacuary river. Cabañas wrote that day to Velazco:
On March 8 a bridge over the river was finished and the Paraguayan troops commenced to cross. On March 9, the Paraguayans attacked the front of Belgrano's position. He was reinforced behind the Tacuarí river, forcing Cabañas's forces to cross the river under enemy fire, but Cabañas left only part of his forces to cross directly, including all the artillery, and advanced with the rest through a man-made path through the jungle.
Through a path opened specifically for this operation, Cabañas attacked the enemy at their flank. Colonel José Machain moved to the side to repel them, but was surrounded by Paraguayan cavalry and forced to surrender. Therefore Belgrano left only a few men in a defensive position and marched to help Machain. Commanding the defenders was at the river crossing was major Celestino Vidal, who was left almost blind by cannon fire.
Belgrano refused to surrender under Cabañas request, and maintained a steady resistance, which forced the Paraguayans to stop their advance. Rapidly, Belgrano retreated with the remainder of his army to a nearby hill. From there he sent a communication to Cabañas, saying 
Cabañas took that communique as a request for armistice, and ordered Belgrano to abandon the province completely in one day.
Consequences.
Even though his army suffered a serious defeat, there are some accomplishments by Belgrano from his defense at Tacuarí.
In first place, he succeeded in extracting an important part of the army from Paraguay, about 400 men, including the prisoners captured with Machain. These men would form the for the future United Provinces army that would fight at the Banda Oriental (present-day Uruguay), supporting the local militia commanded by José Artigas.
Belgrano wrote a proposal that general Cabañas took to Asunción to form the base for a peace treaty between Asunción and Buenos Aires; this included free commerce between the two capitals and the formation of a new local government in Asunción. He also requested this new government to send a representative that would form part of the Government (Junta) in Buenos Aires and would negotiate all the reparations that would be paid by Buenos Aires for the war they took to Paraguay. Belgrano made the condition that this would require at the formation of a local autonomous government (outside of Spain and the Royalists) and that it recognized the rebel government in Buenos Aires.
His best success, in any case, was to have Paraguay start to seriously consider independence from Spain, even without joining the United Provinces. In effect, shortly after May 14, the Paraguayans declared their independence from Spain (on May 17) and formed their first government after a peaceful rebellion at Asuncion that forced the resignation of the entire city and provincial councils, after a plan to have Portuguese troops from Brazil as reinforcements to the Spanish troops as counterweight to the Argentine troops was exposed. Among their first proponents were several of the victors at Tacuarí, especially Fulgencio Yegros.
Belgrano's campaign did not accomplish their goal of having Paraguay to form part of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, joined by the other ex-provinces of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata.
Due to his military defeat in Paraguay the Primera Junta in Buenos Aires opened a Court Martial for Belgrano on June 6, 1811, even though they did not have a definite charge against him, instead a people's petition ("petición del pueblo") to make the charges that "would be appropriate". Nobody presented any charges against him, and the officers under his command in the Paraguay campaign did not have any complaints and defended his patriotism and irreproachable conduct.
Finally, the government decided on August 9, 1811 to absolve him of all charges and published the verdict in the "Buenos Ayres Gazette"
The Drummer boy of Tacuarí.
There is an Argentine myth about a child called the "Drummer of Tacuarí" who would have been involved in the battle. It is said that it was a 12 years old child, acting as military drummer in the first lines of battle, being guide of the above mentioned commander Celestino Vidal and was playing a snare drum. It is also said that his name was Pedrito Ríos, that he was born in Concepción del Uruguay and that he died in the battle.
However, this child is not mentioned in battle reports of the time, either the immediate ones or others made days or months later. The first mention to the drummer of Tacuarí was formulated 45 years after the battle, and depicted shortly after in a portrait with a 50-years old blind man (however, Vidal was nearly 21 years old when the battle took place). This portrait would be based on many improbable ideas: that the army was led by a blind man (in real life Vidal was almost blind due to cannon fire), that a 12 years old child would be allowed in the front lines, and that a child might be able to serve both as guide of a blind man and a military drummer in the middle of a battle between Argentines and Spanish royalists. This myth has made way into Argentine military history, a legend told through the years.
In light of this, today, the ""Tacuari Drummer"" Regimental Band of the 1st Regiment of Foot Infantry "Patricios" has a young snare drummer in its ranks, bringing this story to the 21st-century Argentina. This is the only Argentine Military band to have a child play as a military musician, in tribute to the young drummer from Concepcion del Uruguay who used his talent, at the cost of his life, to bring victory to the Argentine forces and would result, indirectly, in Paraguay's independence days after, with several of the victorious royalist officers and soldiers supporting it.

</doc>
<doc id="20847231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847231" title="Pete Wilson (baseball)">
Pete Wilson (baseball)

Peter Alex Wilson (October 9, 1885 – June 5, 1957) was a professional baseball pitcher. Wilson played in Major League Baseball for the New York Highlanders in 1908 and 1909. In 20 career games, he had a 9–8 record with a 3.26 ERA. He threw left-handed.
Wilson was born in Springfield, Massachusetts, and died in St. Petersburg, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20847232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847232" title="Strike Up the Band (film)">
Strike Up the Band (film)

Strike Up the Band is a 1940 American black and white musical film. It is directed by Busby Berkeley and stars Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland.
A very famous, memorable quote from the film is ""Take that boy on the street. Teach him to blow a horn and he'll never blow a safe."", spoken by Paul Whiteman.
As well as being commercially released as a VHS in its own right, it was also released on 25 September 2007 by Warner Home Video in a film package entitled: "The Mickey Rooney & Judy Garland Collection". This collection included the films Babes in Arms, Babes on Broadway, Girl Crazy and Strike Up the Band.
The original taglines for the film were: ""THEIR SUNNIEST, FUNNIEST, DOWN-TO-MIRTHIEST HIT!", "IT BEATS THE BAND!", "Melodious with WHITEMAN'S BAND" and "The merriest pair on the screen in a great new musical show!"
In keeping with MGM's practice of the time, the film soundtrack was recorded in stereophonic sound but released with conventional monaural sound. At least some of the original stereo recording has survived and been included in some home video releases, including the Mickey Rooney - Judy Garland Collection.
Plot summary.
Jimmy Connors, a student at Riverwood High School, also plays the drums in the school band, but dreams of playing in a dance band. He and his "pal" Mary Holden, sell the school principal the idea of forming the band and putting on a dance. The principal is initially doubtful, but then agrees to buy the first ticket. The event is a success and the school's debt for the instruments in paid off.
Famous band leader, Paul Whiteman (played by himself) sponsors a contest in Chicago for the best high school musical group, and Jimmy decides that the band must compete. In three weeks, the kids write, plan and put on a show (without apparently affecting their schoolwork). The melodrama called 'Nell from New Rochelle', is also a success and raises the money to go to Chicago, but they're still short. A loan from Paul Whiteman himself deals with that obstacle. But when Willie, a member of the cast, is injured and needs a critical and urgent operation, the band give the money up so that Willie can be flown to Chicago for the operation.
The band raise the money anyway, compete in Chicago and win the $500 prize. To Jimmy goes the honour of leading all the bands in a grand finale performance.
Awards.
In 1941, the year after the film was released, the film was nominated for three Academy Awards. Douglas Shearer (M-G-M SSD) won an Oscar for Best Sound, Recording and Roger Edens and George Stoll were nominated for an Oscar in the category of Best Music, Original Song for the song "Our Love Affair". George Stoll and Roger Edens were also nominated for an Oscar in the category of Best Music, Score.
Box Office.
According to MGM records the film earned $2,265,000 in the US and Canada and $1,229,000 elsewhere resulting in a profit of $1,539,000.
Film Connections.
The film is referenced in:
The film is featured in:
The film is spoofed in
Critical response.
Paul Mavis, DVDTalk:
Daily Variety:
Movie and Radio Guide, 1940:
Variety, September 18, 1940:
International versions.
The film is known by a variety of different names all around the world, including Armonías de juventud in Spain, En avant la musique in Belgium (dubbed version) (French title), Heiße Rhythmen in Chicago in Germany, Me jazzikuninkaat in Finland, Musica indiavolata in Italy, Vi jazzkonger in Denmark and Vi jazzkungar in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20847236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847236" title="Tatar name">
Tatar name

A Tatar personal name, being strongly influenced by Russian tradition, consists of two main elements: isem (given name) and familia (family name), and also patronymic. Given name was traditional for Tatars for centuries, family name appeared in the end of 19th century, when it replaced patronymic. In fact, usage of family name appeared when Russian scribers gave documents to Tatars. Later, being adapted to Soviet tradition, Tatars started to use patronymic as third element, especially in informal communication.
Given first name.
As in Western cultures, a person has a first name chosen by his or her parents. The first name is used before the last name (surname) in most cases and is given so into the main European languages. For usage in other cases see: Names in Russian Empire, Soviet Union and CIS countries.
For Tatars living or born in Russia, every Tatar name has a transliteration in Russian language, due Tatarstan citizens use passports where their names are written in both official languages, Tatar and Russian. Russian version of Tatar name could significantly differ from original Tatar pronunciation, it also could be transliterated into different ways. So, English spelling depends on language from which text is translated. This situations isn't common for all non-Slavic peoples of Russia. Chuvashes and Keräşen Tatars, for example, use Russian (Orthodox Christian) names as official, but they also has their own renderings, that they use as informal. 
Modern Tatar names could be divided into several groups by their origin: Turkic names, Oriental names, European names, "revolutionary" names, that appeared in the early Soviet Union, but are still popular. The usage of Slavic or Christian name is uncommon.
Examples (most popular) are shown later. Cyrillic and various Russian variants of names are shown in brackets. Translation or some comments are given later.
Turkic names.
Turkic names are names that could be translated from Turkic languages. Sometimes Mongolian and the earliest Arabic and other loans also are described as Turkic. A significant part of those names were used since pre-history. After the islamization of Volga Bulgaria Arab names were spread among nobility, but some of them also had Turkic names. Example is a gravestone of noble woman Altın Börtek (Golden Grift) that was found in Qaban settlement and dates back to 12th century. Often some person has two names. The real name was probably Islamic, but Turkic name was used to scare away spirits, that may plunge child into woe. Some of those Turkic names that are still in common use could mean that this child is strong and healthy. For example, name "Mintimer" could be translated as "I'm iron". During the 19th century Turkic names were dislodged by Perso-Arab names. In 1920s during the repressions of religion Tatars returned to Turkic names (some of them were just now invented, such as Aygöl). In modern history the most popularity of Turkic names had fallen on 1980s-1990s.
Oriental names.
Oriental names include names of Arab and Persian origin, and also Jewish and some Antique names in Arabian transcription. This name appeared in 10th century, but the peak of their popularity had fallen on the 19th century. Those names were often complex and mostly related to religious terms. Male names oftend ended with "-ulla" (Allah), "-din" (religion), "-abd" (slave of the God), "-can" /spells: -jun/ (soul): Xäliulla, Islametdin, Sabircan. Also was popular different variants of the name Mohammad: Dinmöxämmäd, Möxämmätsafa, Möxämmätcan. Fermale names often were chosen from Mohammad wives' and daughters' names: Ğäyşä, Zäynäp, Fatíma. Other names mostly had complex suffixes "-bibi", "-bikä", "-banu" (lady, princess), "-nisa" (woman), "-camal" /spell jah-MUL/ (beauty): Bibiğäyşä, Ğäyşäbikä, Xabibcamal, Şamsinisa.
The main tendency was to name child with name that no one another has in neighborhood. One family also tended to name with consonance with other members of this family. Usually relatives had same endings of their names.
Male names.
Both names are no longer popular among Tatars, but neighboring peoples sometimes refer them as "typically Tatar names".
European and "revolutionary" names.
After 1917, during de-islamization of Tatars many names, which were uncommon for Tatar culture, became popular. A major part of them were names of famous persons, so name Albert became popular after Albert Einstein. Sometimes names or surnames of revolutionaries were given as given name, such as Ernest after Ernst Thälmann or Fidel after Fidel Castro Ruz. Some of them, such as Erot, Adolf, Klara and Roald are no longer popular, some another were adopted and non-Tatar population refer that names as Tatar names.
Urban legend says that European names were loaded from group of Genoese merchants, which merged to Tatars in Middle Age.
After October Revolution lot of Russian "revolutionary" name appeared with the renovation of traditions. Originating from Russian abbreviations, they corresponded to Tatar phonetics well and became popular. Interestingly, that some of such names also coincided with already existed.
Those names are often given for children that were born in Tatar-Russian mixed marriage.
Common non-Russian names.
Some names were popular among the majority of non-Slavic population of USSR. Some of them were inspired by Russian culture, but they are not Russian traditional names. Sometimes this names were given for child, that born in intermarriage with another non-Russian nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="20847238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847238" title="Matchless G9">
Matchless G9

The Matchless G9 is a British motorcycle made by Associated Motorcycles at the former Matchless works in Plumstead, London. The G9 was finally discontinued when the 646 cc Matchless G12 (and AJS Model 31 replaced it in the autumn of 1958.
Development.
The Matchless G9 and corresponding AJS Model 20 were launched at the post war Earls Court motorcycle show in late 1948. Initially for export to the US, it was not until the late summer of 1949 that the first examples reached the home market. The styling was modern and the dual seat, "megaphone" silencers and bright chrome finish justified the name of "Super Clubman" for the matchless and "Spring Twin" for the AJS. The rest of the cycle parts were standard AMC, with the engine being housed in a pivoted fork frame with telescopic front forks. The basic design changed little over the course of the next few years, the most significant change being made in 1952 when a new Burman gearbox was adopted.
In 1951, the rear suspension was upgraded to the "Jampot" unit, derided for its shape in the 28 September issue of the "Motor Cycle" magazine. In the same year minor changes included a new Lucas horn-push on the handlebar and a medallion badge in place of the previously used transfer. Front fork shuttle damping was also replaced with rod and damper-type.
Progressively developed, the G9's twin-cylinder engine underwent a number of capacity increases, finally being discontinued when the 646cc Matchless G12 (and AJS Model 31 replaced it in the autumn of 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20847239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847239" title="Darrell Hardy">
Darrell Hardy

Darrell Hardy (born 1944) is a former American basketball player.
Hardy played college basketball at Baylor University. He was selected in the third round of the 1967 NBA Draft by the Detroit Pistons and in the 1967 ABA Draft by the Anaheim Amigos.
Hardy played for the ABA's Houston Mavericks during the 1967-68 season, averaging 5.2 points per game and 3.3 rebounds per game.

</doc>
<doc id="20847241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847241" title="FutureU">
FutureU

futureU is an educational video game developed and published by Aspyr Media on November 5, 2008 for Windows, Mac OS X, and the Nintendo DS, and created in association with test preparation company Kaplan, Inc.
Gameplay.
Like the SATs, "futureU" has three sections: Reading, Writing, and Math, each with two subdivisions. Reading has a Glyph mode, which gives the player a word that has a prefix and a suffix. Next to the word are several images that can be used to construct the word. In the other Reading mode, Predictions, sentences with two words missing are shown to the player, who must fill in the blanks.
The Writing section contains the Ante Up Grade and Writing Wrong modes. In Ante Up Grade, the player is given one part of a sentence and three possible phrases that can complete it. The Writer Wrong mode provides a sentence and asks the player to identify if it has any errors; if there is one, then the player must identify where it is. Afterward, the player must choose the phrase that corrects the sentence.
The Math section features the Grid Swap mode that gives the player four math questions and a grid with scrambled numbers; the solutions to each question are found in the grid. The Connection mode lets the player choose one of two problems to solve; four possible solutions are then presented, requiring the player to choose the correct answer to each question.
Reception.
"futureU" was given a score of 6.8 of 10 from video game critic website IGN, which found that the game was a decent and affordable SAT preparation program, despite several interface issues. However, they still recommended preparing for the SATs using different methods, and considered "futureU" to be only correctional rather than instructional.

</doc>
<doc id="20847256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847256" title="Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2006–07">
Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2006–07

The 2006–07 season of the Norwegian Premier League, the highest bandy league for men in Norway.
21 games were played, with 2 points given for wins and 1 for draws. Stabæk won the league, whereas Høvik was relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="20847260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847260" title="Fred F. Finklehoffe">
Fred F. Finklehoffe

Fred Franklin Finklehoffe (February 16, 1910, Springfield, Massachusetts – October 5, 1977) was an American film writer and producer. He was educated at Virginia Military Institute (V.M.I.) where he met his writing partner John Cherry Monks, Jr. (both class of 1932). 
Monks and Finklefhoffe wrote a play set at VMI in 1936, "Brother Rat", which was adapted into a 1938 film of the same name. A 1940 film sequel entitled "Brother Rat and a Baby" was also produced. Monks and Finklehoffe also wrote the MGM musical, "Strike Up the Band". Finklehoffe was nominated for the 1944 Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay with Irving Brecher for his work on "Meet Me in St. Louis".
Personal life.
Finklehoffe was married to Scottish actress and singer Ella Logan for several years until their divorce. They had no children. He later married fashion model Carolyn Philips.

</doc>
<doc id="20847269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847269" title="AJS Model 20">
AJS Model 20

The AJS Model 20 was a British motorcycle made by Associated Motorcycles at the former Matchless works in Plumstead, London. The Model 20 was finally discontinued when the 646 cc AJS Model 31 replaced it in the autumn of 1958.
Development.
The AJS Model 20 and corresponding Matchless G9 were launched at the post war Earls Court motorcycle show in late 1948. Initially for export to the US, it was not until the late summer of 1949 that the first examples reached the home market. The styling was modern and the dual seat, "megaphone" silencers and bright chrome finish justified the name of "Spring Twin". The rest of the cycle parts were standard AMC, with the engine being housed in a pivoted fork frame with telescopic front forks. The basic design changed little over the course of the next few years, the most significant change being made in 1952 when a new Burman gearbox was adopted.
In 1951, the rear suspension was upgraded to the "Jampot" unit, derided for its shape in 28 September issue of the "Motor Cycle" magazine. In the same year minor changes includd a new Lucas horn-push on the handlebar and a medallion badge in place of the previously used transfer. Front fork shuttle damping was also replaced with rod and damper-type.
Progressively developed, the Model 20's twin-cylinder engine underwent a number of capacity increases, finally being discontinued when the 646cc AJS Model 31 replaced it in the autumn of 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20847273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847273" title="Simmons House">
Simmons House

Simmons House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20847309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847309" title="Sing Along">
Sing Along

"Sing Along" is a pop song by Swedish singer and composer Per Gessle from his album "Party Crasher". It was released as the second single from the album on February 4, 2009, featuring two different sleeves, one red and one green.
An acoustic version of the song was performed live at TV4's breakfast television programme "Nyhetsmorgon" on December 6, 2008. It featured both Per Gessle and Helena Josefsson (vocals), Clarence Öfwerman (piano), Magnus Börjesson (bass) and Jonas Isacsson (acoustic guitar).
Critical reception.
When Expressen's Andreas Nunstedt reviewed the "Party Crasher" album he noted that «Helena Josefsson, who sang like a British nightingale from the '60s on "Son Of A Plumber", is prominent. Power ballad à la "Joyride"».
Track listing.
Swedish CD single<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20847310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847310" title="HMT Islay (T172)">
HMT Islay (T172)

HMT "Islay" (T172) was a British Royal Navy Isles class armed trawler of the Second World War.
While under the command of C H L Clarke RNR, on 28 June 1942, the "Islay" picked up 19 survivors from the British merchant steamer SS "Zealand" which had been hit by two torpedoes from U-97 to the southwest of Haifa. 14 crew members and gunners were lost. On 10 August 1942 she sank the in Haifa bay whilst under the command of Lieutenant Commander John Ross of North Shields, Tyne and Wear who was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his actions. The "Scirè" was carrying 11 Decima Flottiglia MAS commandos, who were intending to attack shipping in Haifa harbour by means of human torpedoes. RAF aircraft and coastal artillery were involved in the sinking, which had been facilitated by Ultra inntelligence. The "Scirè" had previously launched human torpedo attacks on British naval units in Gibraltar and Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="20847317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847317" title="Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2005–06">
Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2005–06

The 2005–06 season of the Norwegian Premier League, the highest bandy league for men in Norway.
21 games were played, with 2 points given for wins and 1 for draws. Stabæk won the league, whereas Øvrevoll/Hosle was relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="20847328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847328" title="Fuencarral">
Fuencarral

Fuencarral is a neighborhood located in the northern part of Madrid, Spain. It includes the municipal area of the ancient town of Fuencarral, which was annexed to the city of Madrid by a decree of November 10, 1950. Administratively, Fuencarral belongs to the municipal district of Valverde in the district of Fuencarral-El Pardo. 

</doc>
<doc id="20847332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847332" title="Deanston distillery">
Deanston distillery

Deanston distillery is a Single malt Scotch whisky distillery located on the banks of the River Teith, eight miles from the historic town of Stirling, at the gateway to the dramatic Loch Lomond & Trossachs National Park. It is the largest distillery owned by Scotch whisky producer Burn Stewart Distillers Ltd, who also own Bunnahabhain Distillery on the Isle of Islay and Tobermory distillery on the Isle of Mull.
Deanston Distillery started life in 1785 as a cotton mill designed by Sir Richard Arkwright, and remained as such for 180 years until it was transformed into a distillery in 1966. The constant supply of pure water from the River Teith contributed to the decision to turn the mill into a distillery and Deanston is now the only distillery in Scotland to be self-sufficient in electricity, with power generated by an on-site hydro-energy facility. Deanston sits in the Highland single malt region of Scotland and produces whisky which is handmade by ten local craftsmen, un-chill filtered, natural colour and bottled at a strength of 46.3% ABV. 
History.
Deanston first acquired its name in 1500, when Walter Drummond (the Dean of Dunblane) inherited the lands now known as Deanston from the Haldanes of Gleneagles. The Scots word ‘dean’ was coupled with the Scots Gaelic term ‘toun’, meaning farm/settlement, to make Deanston. 
Deanston was largely an agricultural area until John Buchanan and his brothers from Carston had the foresight to convert an existing flax mill into a water-powered carding and roving factory with the latest machinery. Designed by Arkwright, inventor of the water-powered spinning frame, the mill was opened in 1785 as the Adelphi Mill, after the Greek word "adelphoi" meaning ‘brothers’. The mill was powered by the River Teith and was one of the first half-dozen mills of this type to be built in Scotland.
Its opening signalled the start of a period of great change for Deanston, which was inhabited with Highlanders who had been evicted in the Clearances and were reluctant to work in the mill. After a difficult start, the mill’s fortune was transformed by the arrival of Kirkman Finlay (of Glasgow merchants James Finlay & Co) and the vibrant James Smith, who was installed as manager in 1806/7, aged just seventeen, and remained at the helm for 35 years. Smith embarked on a massive modernisation of Deanston between 1811-1833, building a new spinning mill, a village, housing, roads, a new weir, new gas works, a large weaving shed, Deanston School, and a fish-ladder to give salmon access to the upper reaches of the river - the original model of which can be seen at the distillery today. His biggest innovation was the engineering works which built machinery for Catrine Mill, as well exporting to all parts of Britain and Europe. Smith’s talents did not end with the modernisation of the mill, as he also became famous for his deep soil drainage system known as ‘Deanstonisation.’
Innovation.
In its early days, Deanston Mill was at the forefront of the Industrial Revolution in Scotland and developed a number of nationally important innovations which continue to impact the distillery today. Due to a shortage of currency at the time, Deanston was the first major industrial works to produce its own currency. The French Revolution and Napoleonic War meant that silver and gold were drained away to pay for hostilities and as a result, Deanston Mill countermarked Spanish and French coins and issued them to workers and suppliers as pay. Very few of these coins still exist, however one is currently on display at the distillery. 
The mill and village houses were originally lit by candles and oil lamps but in 1813, Deanston Mill was lit by gas – said to be the first gasworks in the west of Scotland and ahead of Westminster Bridge, which was not lit until 1913.
By 1833, Deanston was powered by four large water wheels - the first two small wheels were reconstructions of the original Adelphi Mill wheels and the third wheel was called Samson. The fourth wheel (named Hercules) measured 36ft 6in in diameter, was of 300 horse power, and was the largest waterwheel in Europe and the second largest in the world. Original footage of these colossal wheels in operation was recently unearthed and can now be viewed at the distillery. The wheels were dismantled in 1949 and replaced by a more efficient hydro-turbine and steam electricity generating plant, which currently provides enough energy for all of the distillery’s requirements, as well as producing a surplus which is sold back to the National Grid.
Deanston Mill was heavily influenced by Arkwright’s classical style of architecture and this is a striking feature of the distillery today. The elegant 204ft long, 136ft wide vaulted warehouse, previously the weaving shed, is recognised to be one of the greatest surviving Regency industrial buildings in Scotland, and is now used to mature Deanston Single Malt whisky. Construction began in 1834; its remarkable cast-iron cupola roof was insulated with soil to bring it up to the best temperature for weaving cotton (80 degrees farenheight) and also helped to deaden the noise of the hundreds of working looms inside. The soil on the roof was utilised as a community vegetable garden. 
Deanston Village.
In a similar way to David Dale’s model community at New Lanark, Deanston village was built by mill owners James Finlay & Co to provide housing for the workers. The first houses were erected in 1811 - common entrances gave way to self-contained apartments, with attics for drying clothes and storage, and good coal-burning ranges were provided. Nearly every able-bodied woman worked in the mill; therefore easily run homes were an investment for the company. A local school was provided and is still educating the future generation to this day. Young children attended school from age five and were expected to read and do sums before entering the mill when they were nine. Children between the ages of 13-16 attended an evening school four days a week. A communal washhouse, drapery, post office, savings bank and grocery shops were also built in Deanston. By 1844, the mill employed 1100 people, many of whom were women and children.
Little has changed in Deanston village since the days of the cotton mill. A large proportion of the village is currently listed, marking its special architectural and historic interest. The vaulted warehouse, weir, and old spinning mill are category A listed buildings, and Deanston School and the village cottages are category C listed. The distillery still keeps the river bank tidy, cuts the grass on behalf of the village, and is still very much an integral part of the Deanston community.
Conversion.
In 1841 James Smith retired from the mill. Operations continued but by 1848, production at Deanston was in decline. The turn of the twentieth century saw a further decrease in demand for cotton and the workforce was scaled down from 1500 to 500 people. Things steadily got worse until the mill was closed on 2nd April 1965. 
It was the collective efforts of James Finlay & Co, Brodie Hepburn & Co, and A.B (Sandy) Grant, known together as Deanston Distillers Ltd, who converted Deanston Mill into a malt whisky distillery in 1965. The soft, fast flow of the River Teith and a whisky boom in Scotland at the time made the site ideal for whisky production. The distillery was opened on 17th October 1966 after an extensive refurbishment costing £300,000, employing 20 local people, but taking just nine months. Three floors were removed to make room for four copper stills and a mash tun. The constant, cool temperature of the weaving shed made it ideal for whisky maturation. The only completely new building was the tun room – where eight huge fermentation vessels now stand. When full each of these weighs 60 tonnes and they stand on top of the mill’s four underground tunnels leading from the turbine house back to the river.
The distillery was formally opened on 30 January 1967 by the actor Andrew Cruickshank, the star of the BBC’s ‘Dr Finlay’s Casebook’ series. Deanston started bottling in 1971 and the first single malt was named Old Bannockburn. Teith Mill, a blended whisky, was also produced at this time - a kiosk was set up at Blair Drummond Safari Park which sold Old Bannockburn and Teith Mill in take-away cartons. At this point, although it made business sense to sell Deanston as a single malt, it was mainly produced for blending purposes. In 1971, Invergordon Distillers (bought by Whyte & Mackay in 1990) bought Brodie Hepburn Ltd, with Tullibardine Distillery and a 30% share in Deanston Distillery. A year later, Invergordon purchased Deanston outright and the first single malt bearing the name Deanston was produced in 1974. After a downturn in the whisky industry, Deanston Distillery ceased production in 1982 for eight years, before being purchased by current owners Burn Stewart Distillers Limited in 1990. 
Visitor Centre.
In June 2012, Burn Stewart Distillers Limited opened a new visitor centre at Deanston, as a means of showcasing the fascinating history of the distillery and offering visitors a unique insight into Scotland’s industrial past and traditional whisky production. The visitor centre is located in the former cotton mill canteen, with many original features being retained, and created seven new jobs for local people. It hosts a gift shop which sells exclusive Deanston bottlings, a café, tasting and presentations areas, and a variety of intimate distillery and tasting tours for locals, tourists and whisky lovers to enjoy. It is expected to attract 15,000 visitors a year and contribute to whisky tourism, an industry which generates an estimated £30m for the Scottish tourism economy. 
As the visitor centre opened, the distillery and a number of staff had already attracted international attention as Deanston featured as the distillery location in the Ken Loach film, "The Angels' Share", released in May 2012. One of the stars of the film, Jasmin Riggins, was also present at the opening.
Production and character.
Deanston Distillery looks very unlike a traditional Scotch whisky distillery and has a number of unique production features which contribute to its distinct character in taste and look. The spirit is handmade by a small team of local craftsmen who rely on traditional distilling techniques and their own eye to ensure quality; no technology or computers are used. Deanston uses only Scottish-grown barley and in 2000, was one of the first distilleries in Scotland to start producing organic whisky, certified by the Organic Food Federation and using barley grown in specially selected sites, free from pesticides and chemicals. The distillery also boasts an 11-ton open-topped mash tun - the only one of its size in Scotland - and four unique pot stills with upwards sloping lyne arms and boiling balls, which help give the whisky its light character. The spirit is matured in the original weaving shed designed by Arkwright in the 1830s, which holds a capacity of 45,000 casks. Whisky writer Jim Murray said of Deanston: "Deanston is a cathedral to whisky maturation. In fact, with its gloriously vaulted ceiling built in the 1830s, you would swear you were in a crypt." In addition to generating its own electricity, Deanston’s green credentials were further topped in 2008, when Burn Stewart Distillers Ltd reformulated the liquid and redesigned the packaging to better reflect the Deanston brand essence. All materials are now either recycled or recyclable, and gift tubes were replaced by cardboard gift boxes in order to further reduce weight.
Deanston Single Malt whisky is sweet, fruity and balanced with a malty spiciness on the palate. The range currently consists of Deanston 12 YO, Deanston Virgin Oak, and two limited editions, Spanish Oak and Toasted Oak, which are only available at the distillery shop. All spirit is un-chill filtered; ensuring an authentic tasting dram. About 15% of the spirit produced goes into Deanston Single Malt and the other 85% is used for blends such as Scottish Leader and Black Bottle. Deanston is also in Drumgray Highland Cream Liqueur (which won gold medals in the 1993 and 1999 IWSC competitions) and Wallace Single Malt Liqueur. Deanston 12 YO was recently awarded Gold in the San Francisco World Spirits Competition and silver in the International Wine and Spirits Competition. Deanston Virgin Oak also won gold at the Scotch Whisky Masters and silver in both the International Wine and Spirits Competition and International Spirits Challenge. Today Deanston is not only in steady demand from blenders but has a growing acceptance as a premium single malt.

</doc>
<doc id="20847339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847339" title="Hotel Paso del Norte">
Hotel Paso del Norte

Hotel Paso del Norte is a historic hotel located in El Paso, Texas, United States less than one mile north from the international border with Mexico. The hotel was designed by Trost & Trost and opened in 1912. The hotel was extensively remodeled in 2004 and renamed the Camino Real El Paso Hotel. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 5, 1979.
Camino Real El Paso is a member of Historic Hotels of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
Zack T. White, a wealthy El Paso business]sman, financed construction of the hotel. After witnessing a fire destroy another hotel in El Paso, White and architect Henry Charles Trost traveled to San Francisco, California to try to understand how some buildings there survived the earthquake and fire in 1906. The hotel cost $1.5 million to build in order to make it one of the sturdiest structures in El Paso and the most ornate. The large hotel lobby features a stained glass dome over twenty-five feet in diameter designed by Louis Comfort Tiffany.
During the Mexican Revolution, it was popular to watch firefights between the revolutionaries and the Mexican Army from the terrace on the top of the hotel. Some of the notable people who stayed at the hotel include Gloria Swanson, General John J. "Black Jack" Pershing, General Alvaro Obregon, John Reed (journalist), Will Rogers, Enrico Caruso, Amelia Earhart, Eleanor Roosevelt, the then Vice President Richard Nixon.
On February 1, 1971, the hotel was sold by the daughter of Zach White to the T. G. K. Investment Company. The Paso del Norte Hotel Corporation acquired the hotel in February 1975 and then transferred ownership to Z. W. Limited. The Paso del Norte Hotel Corporation remains as a general partner of Z. W. Limited. A 17-story addition was constructed in 1986 on the north side of the hotel. The hotel now has 359 rooms and is still in use. The hotel is currently operated by Camino Real Hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="20847345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847345" title="VfL Herzlake">
VfL Herzlake

VfL Herzlake is a German association football club from the village of Herzlake, Lower Saxony. In addition to a football department the club has sections for handball, gymnastics, and volleyball.
__TOC__
History.
The club was established in 1921 as "Fußball-Club Herzlake" and in 1927 was renamed "Deutsche Jugendkraft Grün-Weiß Hertzlake" as part of the DJK-Sportverband, a nationwide sports organization sponsored by the Catholic Church. With the rise to power of the Nazis, faith-based and left-leaning worker's sports organizations were disbanded as politically unpalatable to the regime and the Herzlake club disappeared in 1934.
The end of World War II and the collapse of the Third Reich saw many previously banned clubs re-established, including "Herzlake", which was reformed as "Verein für Leibesübungen Herzlake" in 1946. The team enjoyed its first successes in local level play in the early 70s, advancing to the Landesliga Niedersachsen (V) in 1975, and from there in 1982 into the Verbandsliga Niedersachsen (IV), where they won titles in 1985, 1987, and 1988. A successful promotion round playoff in 1988 advanced "VfL" to the Oberliga Nord (III) where they were an unremarkable lower tier side through their first four seasons of play. In 1993, they claimed the division title and took part in the promotion round for the 2. Bundesliga but fared poorly.
The team remained competitive through the mid-90s in what was now the Regionalliga Nord (III), before being renamed "VfL Hasetal Herzlake" in 1997. They spent two more seasons in the Regionalliga before finishing in the relegation zone at the end of the 1998–99 season. The poor financial condition of the club drove them all the way down to the Kreisliga Emsland (VIII) and they resumed the name "VfL Herzlake". They slipped further still, to the Kreisklasse Weser/Ems (IX) in 2000, and recovered briefly to play in the Kreisliga for several seasons before again being demoted to the Kreisklasse where they play today.

</doc>
<doc id="20847349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847349" title="John Tufts (music educator)">
John Tufts (music educator)

Reverend John Tufts (5 May 1689 – August 1750) was an early American music educator.
Biography.
He was born in Medford, Massachusetts. He graduated from Harvard in 1708, and was minister at Newbury, Massachusetts, from 1714 until 1738, where he preached sermons that disparaged music illiteracy. He wrote the first American textbook meant to solve the problem, "An Introduction to the Singing of Psalm Tunes, with a Collection of Tunes in Three Parts" (Boston, 1715). He also published a sermon, “Humble Call to Archippus” (1829). He died in Amesbury, Massachusetts.
Music book.
The appendix of "An Introduction to the Singing of Psalm Tunes" presented the rudiments of music, instructions for tuning the voice, musical notation, intervals, scales, clefs, and meter signatures. The book became the prototype for numerous other books written during the 18th century. The third edition, published in 1726, is the earliest still in existence. It contained 37 English psalm tunes with two harmony voices. In "Music and Musicians in Early America," pp. 53–55, Irving Lowens suggests that "100 Psalm Tune New" was probably written by Tufts. If so, it could be the first published composition by an American-born composer.
Tufts was the first American to devise an innovation in musical notation to simplify music reading. He abandoned the traditional round notes and substituted the first letters of the four solmization syllables (fa, sol, la, mi) on the staff. Thus, every note in Tufts' notation was labeled F, S, L, or M for fa, sol, la, or mi. For Tufts, the syllable mi was located on the leading tone. For example, the C major scale would be sung to the following syllables: C, fa; D, sol, E, la; F, fa; G, sol, A, la; B, mi.
Tufts indicated duration with punctuation. For example the letter F indicated the solfege syllable fa to be sung for one beat. The letter F followed by a dot (F.) indicated that the note was to be held for two beats. The letter F followed by a colon (F:) indicated that the note was to be sung for four beats. If two letters were written closely together and had a slur mark over them (which Tufts called a bow), they were eighth notes.
The pioneering work of Tufts led to the singing school, which influenced American music and music education for over one hundred years. Tufts was the most significant figure in American music education until the 1820s, when Lowell Mason led it in a new direction.
Legacy.
His house, the Rev. John Tufts House, is now on the National Register of Historic Places. The section of Newbury where he lived is now incorporated as West Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="20847373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847373" title="2003 Cotton Bowl Classic">
2003 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 2003 SBC Cotton Bowl Classic was a post-season college football bowl game between the Texas Longhorns and the LSU Tigers on January 1, 2003, at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, Texas. It was the final game of the 2002 NCAA Division I-A football season for each team and resulted in a 35-20 Texas victory. Texas represented the Big 12 Conference while LSU represented the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
The University of Texas started out their season strong, and finished well, compiling a 10-2 record: they lost to Oklahoma, 35-24 and the Texas Tech Red Raiders 42-38 while being ranked number 4.
Louisiana State started off their season 6-1. However, an injury to their starting QB Matt Mauck caused them to lose their last few games (to Alabama 0-31, Auburn 7-31, and Arkansas 20-21). They finished with an 8-4 regular season record, a disappointing year.

</doc>
<doc id="20847389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847389" title="Gabriele Wetzko">
Gabriele Wetzko

Gabriele Wetzko (born 24 August 1954 in Leipzig) is a former German swimmer. Born in Leipzig, East Germany, she competed for East Germany in the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics. She is the divorced wife of Wilfried Hartung.
At the 1968 Olympics she competed in the 200 m, 400 m and 4×100 m freestyle events. The 4×100 m freestyle East German team of Gabriele Wetzko, Uta Schmuck, Gabriele Perthes and Roswitha Krause won a silver medal.
At the 1970 European Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, she won four gold medals: in the 100 m and 200 m freestyle, as well as in the 4×100 medley and 4×100 m freestyle relays. 
At the 1972 Olympics she competed in the 100 m freestyle, 4×100 m medley relay and 4×100 m freestyle relay, where her team, once again, won the silver medal.
In 1973, she completed her swimming career and began studying for a medical degree, later receiving a degree in economics as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20847396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847396" title="Lauren Waters">
Lauren Waters

Lauren Waters is a fictional character in British teen drama "Britannia High", as is portrayed by Georgina Hagen.
Series 1.
In episode 1, Lauren's central episode, it is revealed almost immediately that, unlike the rest of the students at Britannia High, Lauren didn't have to audition, and was invited by the school's head, which Lauren's enemy Claudine Cameron reveals to the whole group, with them all learning to forget about it, but Claudine refuses to drop it.
Lauren has a hard time learning the dance routines, and when it is revealed they have a week to learn a routine for a performance, that the group will also be assessed on, Lauren panics, and struggles even more. After failing every single attempt to of a lift, Danny steps in, and does his best to help, but with no success. On performance night, Lauren decides to quit, but to do the performance first, but refusing to the lift, which Danny understands, and doesn't mind. However, after Claudine's constant digs, Lauren changes her mind, and does the lift, but passes out shortly after. Lauren soon catches the eye of Britannia High's school hearthrob, Danny Miller, who eventually gets up the courage to ask Lauren out after the pair kiss, which only fuels Claudine's hatred of Lauren more, as she also has a thing for Danny. 
When Lola gets into the papers, and has a dramatic change of attitude, Claudine and Lauren become closer, with the pair doing each others make up, showing text, and sharing magazines. This, however, is short lived. When Claudine successfully breaks up Danny's and Lauren's three month relationship by taking the card and rose Danny had left on Lauren's bed, causing her to think he forgot, Danny starts going out with Claudine. Lauren does her best to try to move on by trying to be friends with Claudine, and when she finds out she may have Multiple Sclerosis, Danny starts battling with his feelings for both Lauren & Claudine.
When her test results come back negative, Danny asks her back out shortly afterwards, but, with her new-found zest for life and she declines. Leaving Danny upset and rejected, he then goes back to Claudine and asks her out, using exactly the same lines as he used on Lauren. Claudine knows, however, that Danny had chosen Lauren over her, and also declines. 
The series ended with the 3 remaining as friends.

</doc>
<doc id="20847409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847409" title="Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2004–05">
Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2004–05

The 2004–05 season of the Norwegian Premier League, the highest bandy league for men in Norway.
21 games were played, with 2 points given for wins and 1 for draws. Mjøndalen won the league, whereas no team was relegatedm, as the bottom two teams survived a playoff round.

</doc>
<doc id="20847414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847414" title="Rēzekne Castle">
Rēzekne Castle

Rēzekne Castle ruins are located in the centre of Rēzekne, Latvia, a city in the centre of Latgale. The castle served as a base of the local Livonian order landlords until the 16th century and also as the main military support base for battles against Russians and Lithuanians. Today, fragments of the stone walls and the foundation can be seen on the ancient castle hill.
History.
Archeological excavations reveal that between the 9th and 12th centuries a Latgalian wooden fortress was situated in the place where the castle ruins now stand. It is unknown when the Latgalian fortress was destroyed, however in 1285, the The master of the Livonian Order Vilhelms Šurborgs built a stone fortress on the Rositten stone hill. The fortress consisted of a two-story brick and stone castle with a three-storey towers and thick brick walls, functioning as the administrative seat of Rezekne. 
The castle was ravaged and rebuilt many times. Between 1577 and 1579, it was occupied by Czar Ivan IV Vasilyevich, and after the war it became part of the Duchy of Livonia. During the Polish-Swedish War in 1601, and again from 1625 to 1626, the Rezekne castle was occupied by the Swedish army, during the Second Northern War. The battle took place in 1656, during which the Rezekne castle was finally destroyed as the Swedish troops managed to defeat the much larger Russian forces. In 1660 it was reinstated in the Inflantia, but the castle had lost its former military importance. From 1712 it was left in ruins.

</doc>
<doc id="20847420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847420" title="Orujo (olive waste)">
Orujo (olive waste)

Alpeorujo is the solid liquid waste generated by the new two-phase method of olive oil extraction
Orujo is called the wet solid waste, which is generated by the traditional methods of extraction, based on presses, and the continuous three-phase decanting processes. The process generates additionally one stream of olive oil and two streams of wastes, the Orujo and an aqueous waste called alpechín.

</doc>
<doc id="20847431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847431" title="T. Muktha">
T. Muktha

Thanjavur Muktha also spelt Mukta (1914–2007) was one of the foremost representatives of the Veena Dhanammal school of Carnatic Music. She along with her elder sister T. Brinda formed one of the first women duo singers.
Muktha had much of her initial training from her mother Kamakshi. This training was in the Veena Dhanammal style, a style of Carnatic Music known for its unhurried, alluring movements, as also for its use of intricate gamakas (graces) in the handling of ragas (modes). Additionally, Muktha (along with Brinda) trained for a substantial length of time under Kanchipuram Naina Pillai, whose style of music was marked by agility and robustness in laya (rhythm). After her training under Naina Pillai, Muktha learnt from her aunt Lakshmiratnam. The legendary Veena Dhanammal, who was Muktha's grandmother, herself taught her some compositions. She gave her first performance at the age of eight. She was the last disciple of Veena Dhanammal and her last concert was in Cleveland in 2003.
Muktha was a recipient of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20847437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847437" title="Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2003–04">
Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2003–04

The 2003–04 season of the Norwegian Premier League, the highest bandy league for men in Norway.
20 games were played, with 2 points given for wins and 1 for draws. Mjøndalen won the league. No team was relegated; as the bottom two teams both survived a playoff round. Instead the league was expanded with two extra teams from the next season.

</doc>
<doc id="20847455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847455" title="Araripesuchus">
Araripesuchus

Araripesuchus is a genus of extinct crocodyliform that existed during the Cretaceous period of the late Mesozoic era some 125 to 66 million years ago. Five species of "Araripesuchus" are currently known. They are generally considered to be notosuchians (belonging to the clade Mesoeucrocodylia), characterized by their varied teeth types and distinct skull elements. Its length was about 1-1.8 m (3.3-6 ft) with a weight of 40 kg (90 lbs). "Araripesuchus" can be distinguished by their laterally bulged edges of the snout, with the bulge being the most prominent around the area of an enlarged maxillary tooth. There are five valid species within this genus.
Discovery and history.
The genus was coined in 1959 with the description of the type species "Araripesuchus gomesii", a notosuchian crocodylian from the famed Santana Formation of Brazil. The holotype used to describe the genus, 423-R is currently in the care of the Divisao de Mineralogia e
Geologia do Departamento Nacional da Producao Mineral in Rio de Janeiro. 423-R consists of a single skull articulating with part of a lower jaw. A more complete specimen, AMNH 24450 is held by the American Museum of Natural History. A second species, "Araripesuchus wegeneri" was described in 1981. This species was discovered from Early Cretaceous deposits of Niger on the African continent, as opposed to the South American paleodistribution of the other species in the genus. The type specimen for the species, GDF-700 consisting of a few, fragmentary jaw elements, reside at the Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris. "Araripesuchus patagonicus" was described from a patagonian specimen (MUC-PV 269) in 2000. Another species to be assigned to the genus, was "Araripesuchus buitreraensis", described in 2005. This species was described from a single skull (MPCA-PV 235) retrieved from Late Cretaceous deposits in what is now Argentina. At 130 millimeters, the skull is the largest "Araripesuchus" specimen discovered to date. A fifth species, "Araripesuchus tsangatsangana" was described in 2006. This species' type specimen was discovered from latest Late Cretaceous deposits from the African island of Madagascar. Analysis of this specimen solidifies the position of "A. wegneri" as a member of the genus. "A. tsangatsangana" is the geologically youngest known of this genus.
Taxonomy.
There are currently six recognized species within the genus "Araripesuchus": "A. patagonicus", "A. buitreraensis", "A. tsangatsangana", "A. wegeneri", "A. rattoides" and the type species "A. gomesii". The placement of the first African species discovered, "A. wegeneri" was questioned for a while by various authors. Ortega et al. argued for the assignment of the errant species to another genus based on phylogenetic analysis Further analysis, combined with the discovery of the second African species "A. tsangatsangana" has shed more light on the placement of "A. wegeneri" within the genus. When analyzed together, the African species support the inclusion of all five known species into the same genus.
The genus was originally assigned by Price to the family Uruguaysuchidae in the original 1959 description. This classification was followed by Buffetaut in 1981 with the description of "A. wegeneri" also within the same family. However, in their 2000 description of "A. patagonicus", Ortega "et al." avoided placing the species within the family. Instead, it was simply noted that "Uruguaysuchus" was a possible close relative of the genus. 
Ortega "et al." and several other studies place "Araripesuchus" outside Notosuchia. In some phylogenetic analyses, it is placed closer to the clade Neosuchia, which includes modern crocodilians. In most recent analyses, however, "Araripesuchus" is placed as a basal notosuchian. The phylogenetic analysis of Soto "et al." (2011) joined "Araripesuchus" with "Uruguaysuchus", reinstating the family Uruguaysuchidae. This family was found to be the most basal group of Notosuchia. Below is a cladogram from the analysis:
Paleoecology.
"Araripesuchus" remains have been recovered from the continents of South America and Africa suggesting a Gondwanan origin for the evolution of the genus. At around the time of "Araripesuchus" existence, South America and Africa were physically adjacent to each other. The various species evolved from the same stock in the general area, radiating outward from a yet-unidentified origin point. The presence of specimens from Madagascar further strengthens this evolutionary radiation model.

</doc>
<doc id="20847473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847473" title="Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2002–03">
Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2002–03

The 2002–03 season of the Norwegian Premier League, the highest bandy league for men in Norway.
16 games were played, with 2 points given for wins and 1 for draws. Mjøndalen won the league. No team was relegated; as the bottom team survived a playoff round. Instead the league was expanded with one extra team from the next season.

</doc>
<doc id="20847477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847477" title="Heinz Jürgens (SS officer)">
Heinz Jürgens (SS officer)

Heinz Jürgens (21 March 1917 – 7 July 2008) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Jürgens was born in Miltzow on 21 March 1917.
He was an active member of the Hitler Youth being awarded the Golden Hitler Youth Badge. After completing his one year labour service he volunteered to join the SS and in April 1937, and was posted to the I.Battalion, SS "Germania" Standarte in Hamburg (SS service number 272.502) and in May 1937 he joined the NSDAP (party number 5.180.069).
He was selected to become an officer and posted to the SS-Junkerschule at Braunschweig upon graduation in April 1939, being promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) and given command in the Berlin Schutzpolizei.
World War II.
During World War II the Polizei Division was formed for active service, Heinz Jürgens served in the Battle of France where he was wounded at Les Islettes and awarded the Wound Badge, the Iron Cross 2nd class and was promoted to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) and Oberleutnant of Schutzpolizei.
In 1941 Jürgens participated in Operation Barbarossa the invasion of the Soviet Union. The 4th SS Polizei Division was attached to Army Group North which advanced through the Baltic States towards Leningrad. In January 1942, Jürgens was awarded the Iron cross 1st class and in November 1942, promoted to Hauptsturmführer (Captain) and Hauptmann of Schutzpolizei. After carrying out anti-partisan duties in the Soviet Union the Division was sent to Greece and reformed as a Panzer Grenadier Division, Heinz Jürgens was given command of the 4th SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion. From September 1944 to January 1945 they were forced to withdraw into Hungary and Slovakia.
In February 1945 the Division was moved north to Pomerania where Jürgens Battalion acted as a Fire Brigade being sent where they were needed most at short notice. They defended a bridge across the Oder river until the German forces were evacuated across the river in March 1945, for which Jürgens was commended by the commanding General Friedrich August Schack and was promoted to Major of Schutzpolizei in April 1945. Jürgens was awarded the Knight's Cross in May 1945 for his previous actions, but due to the situation in Germany at the time the order was not signed. Jürgens survived the war and was interned as a prisoner of war until August 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20847481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847481" title="Alonza J. White">
Alonza J. White

Alonza J. White (ca 1836 – August 29, 1912) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1878 and from 1882 to 1886 as a Liberal member.
He was born in St. John's, Newfoundland, the son of L. J. White, and came to Halifax while still young. He was educated at Dalhousie College. In 1876, he was named Queen's Counsel. White served on the province's Executive Council as Commissioner of Crown Lands from 1874 to 1877 and Attorney General from 1877 to 1878 and from 1882 to 1886. He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1878. White was registrar of deeds at Halifax from 1892 to 1912. He died in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="20847491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847491" title="William Burge">
William Burge

William Burge (1786 – 12 November 1849) was a British lawyer and Privy Councillor.
Biography.
William Burge matriculated at Oxford University in 1803 and was admitted to the Inner Temple being called to the bar in 1808. He then joined the Colonial Service, being stationed to Jamaica, where he served for 12 years as Attorney General. 
He was involved in a case that was to be overturned by the British Government. Louis Celeste Lecesne and John Escoffery were arrested on 7 October 1823 under the Alien Act by a warrant of the Duke of Manchester, the Governor of Jamaica. They were considered by Burge to be of a dangerous character and to be aliens as they were thought to be Haitians. They had time to raise a writ of Habeas Corpus in the Supreme Court of Jamaica
The two were later rearrested and exiled. They travelled to London and had the case overturned. In the course of this action Burge wrote a letter (more like a book) which put forward his view and the facts to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, George Murray.
Subsequently Burge was in practice in London and served as Agent for Jamaica.
He became an influential in jurisprudence through his book "Commentaries on Colonial and Foreign Laws" which went through many editions between 1838 and 1907.
He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Eye from 1831 to 1832. After that borough was reduced to one seat under the Reform Act 1832, he stood at the 1832 general election in Oldham, but did not win a seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20847513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847513" title="Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2001–02">
Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2001–02

The 2001–02 season of the Norwegian Premier League, the highest bandy league for men in Norway.
8 games were played in an initial round, with a further 10 games for the top six teams. 2 points were given for wins and 1 for draws. Stabæk won the league, whereas xxxx was relegated.
League table.
First round.
The top six teams progressed to the finals. Stabæk carried three bonus points into the finals, whereas Mjøndalen carried two and Sarpsborg one bonus point. The bottom three continued to a relegation playoff, which xxxx did not survive.

</doc>
<doc id="20847516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847516" title="Askar Al-Enezi">
Askar Al-Enezi

Askar Al-Enezi (born 1971) is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fourth district. He was elected to the National Assembly in 2008. The tenth representative from the fifth district was originally Mubarak Al-Mutairi. However, on September 22, 2008, following a vote recount, the constitutional court repealed Al-Mutairi's seat and gave it to Al-Enezi.

</doc>
<doc id="20847526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847526" title="Flatsy doll">
Flatsy doll

Flatsy Dolls are flat dolls that were made by Ideal Toy Company from 1969 through 1973. At the time little girls collected them and now they are collectors items. The dolls were designed by Hank Kramer.
Description.
Flatsys have long hair, which goes to the floor, generally in vivid colors (like bright blue, bright yellow, pink, etc.). They are made of soft vinyl with wires inside the limbs, neck, and body which make them posable. They wear "mod" clothes reflecting the styles of the 1960s. Their faces have sweet, grinning expressions with eyes looking either to the left or to the right. Each Flatsy has a "theme" and comes with an accessory and a cardboard liner with a picture in keeping with that theme. They also have a plastic clip to hold the doll in place on the liner card which also detached for play time. Every Flatsy came with shoes and in nearly every case, a hat.
Markings on a genuine Flatsy.
In order to verify a genuine Flatsy, the Ideal Toy Company branded each one in the back with an oval shape that has the word "Ideal" in it. Below it are the words "©1969 Pat. Pend. Hong Kong." Any variation of this brand indicates a counterfeit or "knock-off". Also, Flatsy's hair is not rooted in the back of head, only on the top.
Sizes.
Flatsys were made in three sizes: Mini, which are about 2½ inches tall; Medium, which are about 5 inches tall; and Fashion, which are about 8½ inches tall. The Minis and Mediums are very similar in appearance, except of course for size, while the Fashions are very tall, thin, and have rooted eyelashes.
Collecting.
Like many dolls, Flatsy dolls are collectors items.

</doc>
<doc id="20847543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847543" title="Bus companies in Ontario">
Bus companies in Ontario

Bus companies in Ontario range in scale from small family run businesses to subsidiaries of large international transportation groups. Many operate yellow school buses for student transportation on behalf of local school boards, while others concentrate on luxury coach charters and tours. Some municipalities use these private companies to run their public transit systems.
417 Bus Line.
417 Bus Line is a coach and school bus operator in Casselman, a small village on Ontario Provincial Highway 417 between Ottawa and Montreal. The company began as Laplante Bus Line in 1958, which became "Casselman Bus Line" in 1965 and was incorporated in 1974 as 417 Bus Line Ltd. The founder, Jean-Paul Laplante, started with a single vehicle transporting students to the local school. Steady growth of the fleet lead to expansion with a bus route between Casselman and Ottawa. The family continues to operate the company today. 
417 Bus Line Ltd. includes Lalonde Bus Line, Matte Bus Line and Larocque Bus Line as part of its operations, which have a combined fleet of over 150 units.
Aboutown.
Aboutown Transportation is a diversified transportation company based in the city of London, serving southwestern Ontario for over 60 years. Bus services that it operates include charters, intercity routes and public transit systems in Chatham-Kent and St. Thomas. During the school year it operates six transit bus routes between Kings and Brescia Colleges, and the main campus at the University of Western Ontario. Local services provided in the London area include taxis, limousines, school buses, paratransit services, minibus charters, shuttle services and airport services. It also operates Foot's Bay Marina on Lake Joseph in Muskoka, and Trillium Sport Aviation Inc., a 50 percent owned affiliate, based at London International Airport.
NorthLink.
This inter-city bus service connects communities throughout southwestern Ontario, with no more than thirteen scheduled routes.
AVM Max 2000.
AVM Max 2000 is a Toronto based charter bus rental company providing chartered bus rental experience in Greater Toronto Area. Its fleet consists of 21 to 24 passenger mini buses, 48 to 58 passenger coaches, school buses and passenger vans. It offers chartered bus rental service from Toronto to anywhere in North America.
Ayr.
Ayr Coach Lines is a small family-owned business which provides charter services in the southwestern Ontario cites of Waterloo, Kitchener and Cambridge. It has a diverse fleet of motor coaches, activity coaches and mini coaches.
Badder.
Badder Bus Service is a charter bus company that started in 1950 in Thamesville as a school bus company. In 1978, due to the demand for charter service, it acquired highway coaches.
In 2006 the company was split, with Badder Bus Service Limited becoming a charter oriented company, with the integration of the newly acquired coach operations of 'Gino's Bus Lines of Ingersoll, and The Badder Group Incorporated being created out of their school bus operations which had expanded with the addition of Waylin Bus Lines of Aylmer in 1995 and Elgin Bus Service in 1997.
Services.
Badder is licensed to operate charter buses from the cities of Hamilton and Toronto, the regional municipalities of Durham, Halton, Niagara, Peel, Waterloo and York, the municipality of Chatham-Kent, the counties of Brant, Bruce, Dufferin, Elgin, Essex, Grey, Haldimand, Huron, Lambton, Middlesex, Norfolk, Oxford, Perth and Wellington.
The school bus division serves the Thames Valley District School Board, London District Catholic School Board, Lambton Kent District School Board, St. Clair Catholic District School Board, and Conseil scolaire de district du Centre-Sud-Ouest.
Bergeron Bus Lines.
Bergeron Bus Lines is a commuter and school bus operator based in Vars.
Public transit operations.
Begeron operates a commuter bus service for the Township of Russell Transit Service, as part of the Rural Partners Transit Service of OC Transpo.
Can-Am Express.
Bus and coach charter company located in Toronto. Fully licensed to travel in Canada and United States. Providing shuttle, casino, shopping and tourism travel. 
Can-ar.
Can-ar Coach Service is a chartered coach operator based in the Greater Toronto Area that also operates two scheduled routes:
It used to operate transit buses, owned by York Region Transit, under an extension of the contract under which it operate Vaughan Transit on behalf of the City of Vaughan, Ontario.
Cha-Co Trails.
Cha-Co Trails provides charters and regional bus services throughout southwestern Ontario and to Detroit. The buses are operated by Penetang-Midland Coach Lines, Chatham Coach Lines (J. I. DeNure (Chatham) Limited) and Detroit based Chatham Coach Lines Inc., which are all subsidiaries of Greyhound Canada.
Chatham Coach Lines was started in 1948 by J.I. DeNure in Chatham, Ontario. The operating name was changed to Cha-Co-Trails in 1988, before complete control was acquired by Laidlaw in 2000 and it continues as part of Greyhound Canada's local operations.
Cherrey.
Cherrey Bus Lines is a Listowel and Stratford based operator of motorcoaches, activity buses, school buses, and passenger vans. It provides day trips, sightseeing, and tours through their Maxey Travel and Robin Hood Tours divisions.
It is licensed to provide coach services from: Toronto, Hamilton, Guelph, Cambridge, Chatham-Kent; regions of Durham, Halton, Niagara, Peel, Waterloo and York; counties of Brant, Bruce, Dufferin, Elgin, Essex, Grey, Haldimand, Huron, Lambton, Middlesex, Norfolk, Oxford, Perth and Wellington.
Coach Canada.
Coach Canada is an affiliate of Coach USA, and part of the North American operations of Stagecoach, the international transport group. The Canadian subsidiary is headquartered in Peterborough and operates throughout the urban areas of southern Ontario and Quebec, with intercity service extending as far as New York City.
Dallas Coach.
Dallas Coach, based in Mississauga, provides bus charters, shuttle services and tours, mainly in the Greater Toronto Area.
Delaney Bus Lines.
Delaney Bus Lines is a charter, tour, and school bus company headquartered in Avonmore. Founded in 1948, it provides school services for the Upper Canada District School Board and the Catholic District School Board of Eastern Ontario. It also offers several casino tour packages. 
Delaney is the operator of three routes for OC Transpo's Rural Partnership Services. Route 515 connects the city of Cornwall with Ottawa and the government offices in Gatineau, Quebec; it also serves the villages of St. Andrew's West and Bonville in South Stormont, and the villages of Monkland and Moose Creek in North Stormont. Route 516 connects the North Stormont villages of Finch, Berwick, and Crysler with the nation's capital. Route 517 runs between Ottawa/Gatineau and the North Glengarry villages of Alexandria and Maxville.
First Student.
First Student Canada, a subsidiary of the UK company FirstGroup, is a major provider of school bus services which used to be operated as Laidlaw Transit and Cardinal.
Franklin.
Franklin Coach Lines of Belleville
Groupe Galland.
Groupe Galland is a company providing school, coach, charter, commuter, and parcel services. Headquartered in Laval, Quebec, it was founded as a school bus operator in 1941. The business runs OC Transpo Rural Partnership Service Route 538. This line connected Carleton Place with Ottawa and Gatineau. 
Great Canadian Coaches.
Great Canadian Coaches is a Kitchener provider of motorcoach charters and tours which began as Travel Ventures in 1984, and changed its name in 1998. Many of its fleet of over 40 Prevost, Setra and MCI coaches have unique Canadian themed paint schemes. It is a member of the Trailways Transportation System.
Greyhound Canada.
Greyhound Canada, with its headquarters in Calgary, is a subsidiary of Britain's FirstGroup, linked with the Dallas-based Greyhound Lines. Greyhound has extensive intercity operations throughout Ontario and to destinations across Canada and the adjoining states of New York and Michigan.
Healey.
Healey Transportation is located in Smiths Falls, Ontario, providing coach charters and tours from the city of Ottawa, and the counties of Lanark, Leeds and Grenville and school bus services for school boards in Eastern Ontario. Healey operates five Prevost coaches and over 100 school buses, mini-buses and passenger vans.
Howard Bus Service.
Howard Bus Service is a school, charter, and coach operator located in Athens. It provides transportation to the Upper Canada District School Board. They also run OC Transpo's Rural Partnership Service Route 509, which connects Merrickville-Wolford with Ottawa.
Kemptville Transportation Services.
Kemptville Transportation Services is a school and charter bus operator located in Kemptville, Ontario. It runs two lines for OC Transpo's Rural Partnership Service. Route 542 provides express service between Kemptville and Ottawa and Gatineau. Route 543 connects Kemptville and North Gower to Downtown Ottawa.
Leduc.
Leduc Bus Lines is a family-owned business, founded in 1968, in Rockland, Ontario. It provides highway coach, minibus, transit bus and school bus service in the Ottawa and Eastern Ontario area.
It operates three routes under the Rural Partners Transit Service of OC Transpo. Route 520 is operated directly. It travels from Hawkesbury connecting through L'Orignal, Alfred, Plantagenet and Wendover to Ottawa. Leduc also provides contracted services to run the two municipally managed routes of Clarence-Rockland Transpo.
McCoy.
McCoy Bus Service, Kingston
Ontario Northland.
Ontario Northland operates an intercity bus service for the Ontario Northland Transportation Commission, a crown corporation of the provincial government based in North Bay and provide onward connections from Ontario Northland Railway passenger services. The area served is the eastern part of Northern Ontario with routes extending south to Toronto.
Pacific Western.
Ontario operations of Pacific Western are concentrated in the Toronto area, with a large fleet of charter coaches and Toronto Airport Express service between the downtown core and Pearson Airport.
Parkinson.
Parkinson Coach Lines is a family business founded in 1946 in Snelgrove, Ontario by Harold Parkinson. The company was acquired by the Murrays in 1953, another family with generations in the bus and coach business back to 1922. The company hasn't strayed far from their roots in Brampton, Ontario and started running the predecessor to Brampton Transit in the 1960s. It further expanded into school buses in the 1960s and coach tours in the 1970s. Today, it has a fleet of 15 exclusively MCI coaches, about 85 school buses and various mini-coaches.
South Mountain.
South Mountain Stagecoach Transit is a tour, charter, and commuter line operator based in South Mountain, Ontario. It runs Route 565 of OC Transpo's Rural Partnership Service. This route connects Ottawa with the North Dundas villages of Inkerman, South Mountain, and Hallville.
Transport Thom.
Transport Thom is a charter, tour, and commuter bus operator headquartered in Gatineau, Quebec. It operates three lines as part of OC Transpo's Rural Partner Services. Route 500 connects Arnpoir with Central Ottawa and the government offices in Gatineau. Route 502 connects the villages of Pakenham and Almote in Mississippi Mills, Ontario, and the town of Carleton Place with Ottawa and Gatineau. Route 503 also terminates in the two city centres, after originating in Perth; the line also serves Innisville in Drummond/North Elmsley and Carleton Place.
Transtario.
Transtario is a charter, tour, and school bus operator based in Bradford.
Transtur.
Transtur Coach Lines, based in Niagara Falls Ontario, operates luxury coaches and conducts charters from Toronto to Montreal and to the USA.
Trott Transit.
Trott Transit is a Canadian owned and operated, full service bus company with its headquarters in Mississauga, Canada. Founded in 1976, it is a contractor of regular school bus services, private parent-funded bussing, and public charters. Operations are confined to the province of Ontario, providing regular bussing service to the Peel Region and charter services throughout Ontario including main centres such as Toronto, Kingston, Niagara Falls and London.
Trott Transit is a medium-sized school bus operator operating mainly in the Peel Region. Trott Transit moves approximately 8,000 students per day in its school board bussing programme and 1,200 additional students per day in its parent-funded and private school programme.
Trott Transit provides charter services throughout Ontario, providing over 5,000 charters per year in the Peel Region.
Voyageur.
Voyageur Colonial, now branded as just Voyageur, formerly owned by Canada Steamship Lines, is a subsidiary of Greyhound Canada. They provide intercity coach services between Ottawa and Montreal.
Wubs Transit.
Wubs Transit is a commuter and school bus charter operator based in Winchester. It provides transportation services to the Townships of North Dundas and South Dundas in Eastern Ontario.
Wubs Transit operates a commuter bus service as part of the Rural Partners Service of OC Transpo 

</doc>
<doc id="20847546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847546" title="Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2000–01">
Norwegian Bandy Premier League 2000–01

The 2000–01 season of the Norwegian Premier League, the highest bandy league for men in Norway.
8 games were played in an initial round, with a further 10 games for the top six teams. 2 points were given for wins and 1 for draws. Stabæk won the league, whereas no team was relegated.
League table.
First round.
The top six teams progressed to the finals. Stabæk carried three bonus points into the finals, whereas Røa carried two and Mjøndalen one bonus point. The bottom three continued to a relegation playoff, which all three teams survived.

</doc>
<doc id="20847553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847553" title="Fuencarral-El Pardo">
Fuencarral-El Pardo

Fuencarral-El Pardo is one of the 21 districts that form the city of Madrid, Spain. 
Overview.
Fuencarral-El Pardo is the district number 8 and consists of the following neighborhoods: El Pardo (81), Fuentelarreina (82), Peñagrande (83), Pilar (84), La Paz (85), Valverde (86), Mirasierra (87) and El Goloso (88).
Despite its being a part of a capital city, the northern part of El Pardo is an ecologically important landscape, having been preserved as a royal hunting estate. The European Union has designated the "Monte de El Pardo" as a Special Protection Area for bird-life.
Geography.
Subdivision.
The district is administratively divided into 8 wards ("Barrios"):

</doc>
<doc id="20847555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847555" title="West Side, Binghamton">
West Side, Binghamton

The West Side, as the name implies, is a neighborhood in the western section of the New York State city of Binghamton. It is primarily an urban residential neighborhood with retail along Main Street and pockets of industrial buildings along the train tracks.
The West Side, can be defined as encompassing the area north of the Susquehanna River, east of the neighboring village of Johnson City along Margaret Street and Floral Avenue, west of the Chenango River and south of the Norfolk Southern tracks. 
The area's "main drag" is Main Street which carries NY-17C. It runs from the foot of the Court Street Bridge west and into Johnson City. It is lined with retail, consisting of several large supermarkets, churches, pharmacies, bank branches, a few bars and restaurants as well as a few mom and pop shops. Other important streets in the neighborhood are Riverside Drive, Front Street which carries US-11, Leroy Street, Grand Boulevard and Floral Avenue.
The West Side is home to Lourdes Memorial Hospital, Recreation Park, and Binghamton High School.
The American Civic Association, on Front Street, was the site of the Binghamton shootings in 2009, where 13 people were killed by a shooter before he committed suicide.
Apart from commercial Main Street and some industrial buildings one block north of it along the Norfolk Southern tracks, the Westside of Binghamton is primarily an urban residential neighborhood. The housing stock ranges from small to large, detached, single and double-family houses to attached row-houses and larger apartment buildings. Generally, the southern section of the neighborhood south of Seminary Avenue towards Riverside Drive and the Susquehanna River is inhabited mainly by people of middle to upper-class. The area north of Seminary Avenue north passed Main Street and to the rail tracks is inhabited mainly by students from the neighboring colleges and by people of lower income classes.
Notable West Side residents include:
Rod Serling, film maker, creator of The Twilight Zone
Richard Deacon, actor
Jeff Lake, Regional President of NBT Bank
Quincy Sands, Professor of Medieval and Early Modern Studies at Binghamton University
Darlanne Fluegel, actress

</doc>
<doc id="20847575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847575" title="The Kundalini Target">
The Kundalini Target

The Kundalini Target is the debut solo album from Ocean Colour Scene member and Paul Weller collaborator Steve Cradock released in February 2009.
The album was recorded by Cradock at Paul Weller's Black Barn recording studio in Surrey with Cradock playing most of the instrumentation on the album with contributions from Paul Weller, backing vocals from Cradock's wife Sally together with additional production by former Talk Talk Bass player Paul Webb.
Steve Cradock recently described the genesis of the album as thus: "It started with me trying to write a song for my two kids. I wanted to write something that wasn’t too sweet or saccharine and I think I managed that. The album just kind of grew from there"
All songs were written, produced and performed by Cradock, with the exception of 'Something Better' which was written by Gerry Goffin and Barry Mann.
The Art work was designed by Sally Cradock Who also Runs the Record label and Kundalini Music

</doc>
<doc id="20847578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847578" title="List of universities and colleges in Taipei">
List of universities and colleges in Taipei

The following universities and colleges are located in Taipei, Taiwan.
Universities.
Taipei currently has eighteen universities:
Colleges.
There are six colleges:
Chinese language schools.
Major Chinese language schools:

</doc>
<doc id="20847592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847592" title="Shebenik">
Shebenik

Shebenik is a large mountain located in the Shebenik-Jabllanice National Park in eastern Albania. Shebenik has many peaks over . The highest is Maja e Shebenikut at above sea level. It is found in the north-east of Shebenik. Around this peak are a number of small and large mountain lakes. Shebenik mountain is located west of Jablanica Mountain and northwest of Lake Ohrid. Shebenik is a great importance to wildlife preservation, especially because it is a home for the rare Eurasian Lynx.
The largest settlement near Shebenik is the town of Librazhd.
Lakes.
Shebenik mountain massif contains around nine small glacial lakes. The biggest of which is named Rajca Lake. It is located on the eastern slopes of the mountain and it is also the most southern lake on Shebenik. The length of Rajca Lake is around 220m and the width is around 160m.

</doc>
<doc id="20847621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847621" title="Universal Darwinism">
Universal Darwinism

Universal Darwinism (also known as generalized Darwinism, universal selection theory, or Darwinian metaphysics) refers to a variety of approaches that extend the theory of Darwinism beyond its original domain of biological evolution on Earth. The idea is to formulate a generalized version of the mechanisms of variation, selection and heredity proposed by Charles Darwin, so that they can be applied to explain evolution in a wide variety of other domains, including psychology, economics, culture, medicine, computer science and physics.
Basic mechanisms.
At the most fundamental level, Charles Darwin's theory of evolution states that organisms evolve and adapt to their environment by an iterative process. This process can be conceived as an evolutionary algorithm that searches the space of possible forms (the fitness landscape) for the ones that are best adapted. The process has three components:
After those fit variants are retained, they can again undergo variation, either directly or in their offspring, starting a new round of the iteration. The overall mechanism is similar to the problem-solving procedures of trial-and-error or generate-and-test: evolution can be seen as searching for the best solution for the problem of how to survive and reproduce by generating new trials, testing how well they perform, eliminating the failures, and retaining the successes. 
The generalization made in "universal" Darwinism is to replace "organism" by any recognizable pattern, phenomenon, or system. The first requirement is that the pattern can "survive" (maintain, be retained) long enough or "reproduce" (replicate, be copied) sufficiently frequently so as not to disappear immediately. This is the heredity component: the information in the pattern must be retained or passed on. The second requirement is that during survival and reproduction variation (small changes in the pattern) can occur. The final requirement is that there is a selective "preference" so that certain variants tend to survive or reproduce "better" than others. If these conditions are met, then, by the logic of natural selection, the pattern will evolve towards more adapted forms. 
Examples of patterns that have been postulated to undergo variation and selection, and thus adaptation, are genes, ideas (memes), neurons and their connections, words, computer programs, firms, antibodies, institutions, quantum states and even whole universes.
History and development.
Conceptually, "evolutionary theorizing about cultural, social, and economic phenomena" preceded Darwin, but was still lacking the concept of natural selection. Darwin himself, together with subsequent 19th century thinkers such as Herbert Spencer, Thorstein Veblen, James Mark Baldwin and William James, was quick to apply the idea of selection to other domains, such as language, psychology, society, and culture. However, this evolutionary tradition was largely banned from the social sciences in the beginning of the 20th century, in part because of the bad reputation of social Darwinism, a misguided attempt to use Darwinism to justify social inequality.
Starting in the 1950s, Donald T. Campbell was one of the first and most influential authors to revive the tradition, and to formulate a generalized Darwinian algorithm directly applicable to phenomena outside of biology. In this, he was inspired by William Ross Ashby's view of self-organization and intelligence as fundamental processes of selection. His aim was to explain the development of science and other forms of knowledge by focusing on the variation and selection of ideas and theories, thus laying the basis for the domain of evolutionary epistemology. In the 1990s, Campbell's formulation of the mechanism of "blind-variation-and-selective-retention" (BVSR) was further developed and extended to other domains under the labels of "universal selection theory" or "universal selectionism" by his disciples Gary Cziko, Mark Bickhard, and Francis Heylighen.
Richard Dawkins may have first coined the term "universal Darwinism" in 1983 to describe his conjecture that any possible life forms existing outside the solar system would evolve by natural selection just as they do on Earth. This conjecture was also presented in 1983 in a paper entitled the “The Darwinian Dynamic” that dealt with the evolution of order in living systems and certain nonliving physical systems. It was suggested “that ‘life’, wherever it might exist in the universe, evolves according to the same dynamical law” termed the Darwinian dynamic. Henry Plotkin in his 1997 book on Darwin machines makes the link between universal Darwinism and Campbell's evolutionary epistemology. Susan Blackmore, in her 1999 book "The Meme Machine", devotes a chapter titled 'Universal Darwinism' to a discussion of the applicability of the Darwinian process to a wide range of scientific subject matters. 
The philosopher of mind Daniel Dennett, in his 1995 book "Darwin's Dangerous Idea", developed the idea of a Darwinian process, involving variation, selection and retention, as a generic algorithm that is substrate-neutral and could be applied to many fields of knowledge outside of biology. He described the idea of natural selection as a "universal acid" that cannot be contained in any vessel, as it seeps through the walls and spreads ever further, touching and transforming ever more domains. He notes in particular the field of memetics in the social sciences.
In agreement with Dennett's prediction, over the past decades the Darwinian perspective has spread ever more widely, in particular across the social sciences as the foundation for numerous schools of study including memetics, evolutionary economics, evolutionary psychology, evolutionary anthropology, neural Darwinism, and evolutionary linguistics. Researchers have postulated Darwinian processes as operating at the foundations of physics, cosmology and chemistry via the theories of quantum Darwinism observation selection effects and cosmological natural selection. Similar mechanisms are extensively applied in computer science in the domains of genetic algorithms and evolutionary computation, which develop solutions to complex problems via a process of variation and selection.
Examples of universal Darwinist theories.
The following approaches can all be seen as exemplifying a generalization of Darwinian ideas outside of their original domain of biology. These "Darwinian extensions" can be grouped in two categories, depending on whether they discuss implications of biological (genetic) evolution in other disciplines (e.g. medicine or psychology), or discuss processes of variation and selection of entities other than genes (e.g. computer programs, firms or ideas). However, there is no strict separation possible, since most of these approaches (e.g. in sociology, psychology and linguistics) consider both genetic and non-genetic (e.g. cultural) aspects of evolution, as well as the interactions between them (see e.g. gene-culture coevolution).
Books.
A number of books have been published on the topic, notably:

</doc>
<doc id="20847628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847628" title="David C. Landers">
David C. Landers

David C. Landers (September 11, 1801 – June 5, 1890) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1874 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, the son of Isaac Landers and Mehitable Corning. In 1832, he married Mary Upham Slocumb. He was a justice of the peace. Landers lived in Nictaux, Nova Scotia. He died in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="20847631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847631" title="Tatia Rosenthal">
Tatia Rosenthal

Tatia Rosenthal (born April 4, 1971) is an animator and film director born in Tel Aviv, Israel. 
She served two years in the Israeli Defense Force, tried her hand at medical school and studied photography in Paris, before moving to New York City to attend the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University. 
She frequently collaborates with Israeli author Etgar Keret.
As an NYU student she created the award-winning short film "Crazy Glue" (1998), which is based on an Etgar Keret story. In 2005 she directed "A Buck's Worth", a "stop-motion" short film based on another Keret story. "A Buck's Worth" was used as proof of concept for the feature film "$9.99". 
Rosenthal presently works as a freelance director and animator in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20847636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847636" title="Ullevål IL">
Ullevål IL

Ullevål Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Oslo. The club currently has sections for bandy and gymnastics.
It was founded on 5 July 1920 with the name "Kvik". It was founded as an association football club, and expanded with tennis, gymnastics, track and field, Nordic skiing and alpine skiing before 1929. In 1934 bandy was added. Football, gymnastics, skiing and track gradually disappeared.
The men's bandy team has played in the Norwegian Premier League since 2000–01. Its home field is Bergbanen, located adjacent to Ullevål stadion. The men's bandy team won the national championships in 1974, 1975, 1978 and 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20847649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847649" title="Exit Clov">
Exit Clov

Exit Clov is a five-piece indie rock band from Washington, DC, whose sound is often described as “kaleidoscopic pop noir". The group features twin sisters Emily Hsu (vocals, keyboard, violin) and Susan Hsu (vocals, guitar, violin) along with Aaron Leeder (guitar), Brett Niederman (bass), and John Thayer (drums). The name of the group is derived from Samuel Beckett's "Endgame", although they admit that it was the only work of Beckett's that they had read at the time they selected the name.
Since forming in 2003 they have put out several EP's including their first two, which were self-released. In 2006 "Jolly Roget Sessions" was created with the help of producer Roger Greenawalt (No Doubt, Ben Kweller, Iggy Pop and Ric Ocasek).
Live performances.
Since their formation, Exit Clov has performed with a number of bands and artists, most notably Dr. Dog, Kanye West, Architecture in Helsinki, Animal Liberation Orchestra, Jukebox The Ghost, Cloud Cult, Razorlight and Tea Leaf Green.
The band has toured the United States playing such festivals as South by Southwest (SXSW) and the All Good Music Festival. Today they continue to tour the US, commonly performing in northeastern venues like the in Washington, Bowery Ballroom in New York City, Middle East in Boston and their unofficial home stage in DC, The Black Cat.

</doc>
<doc id="20847652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847652" title="Quiver (comics)">
Quiver (comics)

"Quiver" is a ten-issue Green Arrow story arc written by Kevin Smith with art by Phil Hester. Published by DC Comics, the arc appeared in "Green Arrow" (vol. 3) #1-#10.
Plot summary.
Having learned of Green Arrow's recent death during his return to Earth in the "Final Night" crisis, Hal Jordan revives Green Arrow from the dead, but the resurrected Green Arrow only possesses Oliver's memories up to the events prior to "", with an examination of his body revealing that he is missing several old scars sustained after that point. As the resurrected Ollie Queen tries to figure out his place in this new world— aided by the seeming benevolent Stanley Dover, who took him in after he rescued Stanley from a mugging—, he interacts with important people from his past, including Black Canary, the Justice League, Batman, and Roy Harper. He also takes on a ward, Mia Dearden, who becomes the new Speedy. As it turns out, Green Arrow was revived in body but not soul— due to Oliver Queen himself preferring to remain in Heaven but recognizing his friend's need to bring "something" back, the body's memories stopping when they do because Queen felt that things went wrong for him after he took a life when he killed a rapist— resulting in him being attacked by Etrigan the Demon due to his status as a 'Hollow' (A soulless being who can be used by some demons to gain access to Earth). Jordan, as the Spectre, transports Ollie out of Etrigan's reach and brings him to Heaven to talk with his soul. However, when the soul prefers to remain in Heaven, Ollie is sent back and captured by Dover, really a practitioner of the black arts who intends to transfer his soul into Oliver's body (a spell only possible due to Oliver's lack of a soul) and then use the JLA Watcher's monitoring systems to track down a benevolent demon he summoned to grant himself immortality. 
As Connor Hawke fights to save his father- the house being protected by a blood seal that prevents anyone from entering it if they are not related to an inhabitant- Ollie makes contact with his soul while Dover attempts the ritual to take control of Ollie's body, convincing the soul to leave Heaven and rejoin with his body to save their son. With the two Green Arrows having fought off Dover's demons, they are saved by the Beast With No Name, which returned them to the Hell dimension they were summoned from. The Beast subsequently devours Dover, who leaves Ollie and Connor in Dover's house, revealing that Dover left everything to Ollie— back when he believed he would be inheriting Oliver's body— and encouraging Oliver to use Dover's house and resources to fight evil in Star City.
Reception.
"Quiver" received mostly positive reviews. "Entertainment Weekly"'s Ken Tucker said "The first issue pins you to the wall with artist Phil Hester's elegantly elongated figures and unpredictably shaped panels, while Smith succeeds in boiling down the Arrow mythos." Along with "Guardian Devil," "Quiver" helped to establish Kevin Smith as one of the most popular writers in comics.
"Quiver" was named as one of 2003's Best Books for Young Adults by the American Library Association's Young Adult Library Service.
Collected editions.
Quiver is collected into the trade paperback "Green Arrow: Quiver" (ISBN 1563899655)

</doc>
<doc id="20847663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847663" title="Fulvio Pennacchi">
Fulvio Pennacchi

Fulvio Pennacchi (Villa Collemandina, December 27, 1905 — São Paulo, October 5, 1992) was an Italian-Brazilian artist who drew, painted, painted murals and made ceramics.
He was part of the Santa Helena Group, together with Alfredo Volpi, Francisco Rebolo, Aldo Bonadei, Alfredo Rizzotti, Mario Zanini, Humberto Rosa and others. 
His painting is sensitive and personal, particularly in the interpretation of major biblical themes and the lives of saints, owing to his childhood marked by a Catholic religious education. He was remarkable also for his interpretation of the caipira world.

</doc>
<doc id="20847665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847665" title="WOW Gospel Number 1s">
WOW Gospel Number 1s

WOW Gospel #1s included thirty of the number one Gospel songs from the past decade on a double CD album. The tracks in this collection have all previously appeared on the annual WOW Gospel compilations. Although not critically well received it still reached number 74 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20847666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847666" title="Bangladesh M.H.M High School &amp; College, Doha-Qatar">
Bangladesh M.H.M High School &amp; College, Doha-Qatar

Bangladesh Mashoor-ul Haque Memorial High School and College, commonly known as Bangladesh M. H. M. School, is a private school for boys and girls in Qatar. It is a charitable institution managed by the Bangladesh Embassy. It is the largest private school primarily catering to the Bangladeshi expatriate population in Qatar. It is located on the outskirts of the city of Doha, in the area known locally as Abu Hamour. 

</doc>
<doc id="20847671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847671" title="Robert Brandon">
Robert Brandon

Robert Brandon (died 30 May 1591) was an English goldsmith and jeweller to Queen Elizabeth I of England. A prominent member of the Goldsmiths' Company, Brandon was elected chamberlain or treasurer of the City of London in 1583, a position he held until his death in 1591.
Career.
Royal goldsmith.
Brandon became a freeman of the Worshipful Company of Goldsmiths, one of the Livery Companies or craft guilds of the City of London, by redemption (paying an entrance fee) on 3 February 1548. He advanced to liveryman of the Goldsmiths' Company on 5 May 1561 and served as its Prime Warden 1582–83, chairing the Court of Wardens or governing body of the company. Brandon was one of the queen's two royal goldsmiths from c. 1558 to 1580. Royal goldsmiths of this era "were often selected more for their financial skills than their craftsmanship", often acting as agents for other members of the company. As royal goldsmith, Brandon made or supplied gold chains and the gold and silver-gilt cups, bowls, and other forms of plate that were given as New Year's gifts by the queen to members of her court and as gifts to foreign princes and their servants.
Chamberlain.
On 8 January 1583, Brandon was elected chamberlain or treasurer of the City of London and served in that capacity until his death in 1591. In the hierarchy of City government, the chamberlain ranked second to the recorder. The chamberlain was responsible for enrollment of apprentices and admission of freemen; for the safekeeping and return of the goods and monies of orphans; and for the management and maintenance of City properties. The chamberlain reported fees, rents, and lease payments collected for tenements and lands, as well as monies paid out for their repair. "In the sixteenth century the chamberlain was held personally responsible for the Chamber's solvency; indeed the Chamber Accounts were designed to show whether the chamberlain owed the City money, rather than reveal the true financial state of the corporate body."
There were many worries about the finances of the chamberlain's office during the later years of Brandon's tenure, especially concerning the management of City lands. Although he was never formally charged or censured, in his will, drawn up three weeks before his death in 1591, Brandon was moved to defend himself:
Marriages and progeny.
Brandon married twice:
Death.
Robert Brandon died in London on 30 May 1591. He was survived by a son, Edward, five daughters of his first marriage, and Lucy, his daughter by his second wife.

</doc>
<doc id="20847676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847676" title="Granite Point, Maine">
Granite Point, Maine

Granite Point, Maine is a coastal residential neighborhood of Biddeford, Maine located on the border of the town of Kennebunkport (bounded by the Little River). It is approximately 85 miles north of Boston, Massachusetts.
Granite Point is a common site for the release of seals who have been rescued from New England beaches and rehabilitated at the University of New England in Biddeford, and the New England Aquarium in Boston, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20847694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847694" title="Amnestic functor">
Amnestic functor

In the mathematical field of category theory, an amnestic functor "F" : "A" → "B" is a functor for which "A"-isomorphism "ƒ" is an identity whenever "Fƒ" is an identity.

</doc>
<doc id="20847705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847705" title="Paul Charlton (technologist)">
Paul Charlton (technologist)

Education.
Charlton received a BS in the disciplines of Electrical, Computer, and Systems Engineering (ECSE) from RPI (Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute)

</doc>
<doc id="20847747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847747" title="Henry Balcom">
Henry Balcom

Henry Balcom (ca 1804 – July 14, 1882) was a shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1863 to 1871 first as a Reformer and then as a member of the Anti-Confederation Party.
He was the son of Jonas Balcom and Mary Chase. He was married twice: first to Honore Farrell and then to a Miss Quillan. Balcom served as a justice of the peace for Halifax County from 1863 to 1873. He first lived in Port Dufferin, but later moved to Halifax. He died at Salmon River in Halifax County.

</doc>
<doc id="20847763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847763" title="Amphibious reconnaissance">
Amphibious reconnaissance

The concept of amphibious reconnaissance, or commonly "amphib recon", are used primarily in conjunction with ground and naval reconnaissance concerning the littoral area bordering coastal or maritime areas of interests. Initially, it is used for preliminary reconnaissance in collecting pertinent information about the beachhead in its permeability and usability for main landing assaults. Specialized recon patrols skilled in boatswain and combatant diving using either amphibious vehicles or combat rubber crafts to obtain and collect information of the enemy, the topology ashore and inland, and hydrographic surveys for underwater obstacles and mines, and for the purpose of effecting a deception.
History.
Evolution of the Doctrine.
The turn of the 20th Century, amphibious reconnaissance was first conceived from an idea from a United State Marine officer by the name of then-Major Dion Williams. Williams referenced the purpose of amphibious reconnaissance by standardizing the 'official' naval doctrine of amphibious reconnaissance of amphibious warfare in 1906. The scope of the doctrine outlined every aspect that involved recognition of intelligence gathering and planning, the cornerstone of America's present-day methods in amphibious reconnaissance.
Although very little effect was made in creating a formidable unit capable of utilizing amphibious reconnaissance tactics because the outset of World War I and the Gallipoli Operations due to the lack of Marine Corps personnel by the Isolationism of 1920-30s. Also drawbacks concurred while most of the Marine forces were engaged in conflicts of China and Nicaragua. By 1933, December 7, when the Fleet Marine Force was formed at HQMC in Quantico, VA combining the roles of the Navy and Marine Corps into an integrated naval assault force. Shortly after, a new naval doctrine, the Fleet Training Publication 167 was created to ensure long-term purposes.
With this new amphibious reconnaissance doctrine, the United States Navy and Marine Corps began to consider establishing highly anticipated reconnaissance units. The origins of reconnaissance within the United States Marine Corps had evolved from an idea by Major Dion Williams who, in 1906, wrote the first American doctrine concerning amphibious reconnaissance. He specified in his thesis that...
These Marines particularly needed to be competent in surveying, cartography, and recording observations, as well as reading previous maps and surveys of various types.
Williams' doctrine outlined a wide spectrum of reconnaissance, which consisted of range determination, topography, configuration of the ground, cities, towns, roads, trails, railroads, telegraph cables, telephone lines, wireless telegraphy, rivers, canals, resources (coal, repair facilities, land transportation, electric plants, food supplies, water supply, and hospitals), conditions of the harbor and harbor steamers, wharves, docks, water service, the population (secret service, professions and occupations, naval and military forces), existing defenses (location, form and description, armament, fieldworks, mines and mine fields, searchlights, plans and sketches, garrisons and forces available, methods of attack, adaptability of the defenses). And the most important he listed was hydrographic reconnaissance:
After World War I, three significant aspects of the second edition of Williams' "Naval Reconnaissance" included (1) discussion of additional capabilities of observation from airplanes and submarines, (2) promulgation of the book under authority of the Secretary of the Navy instead of under the auspices of the President of the Naval War College, and (3) emphasis on information acquisition for long-term planning. It was this latter emphasis on obtaining information long before hostilities that was perhaps of greatest significance. Rather than obtaining information solely for military operations in progress, Williams now enunciated a more comprehensive mission:
Twenty-years later, another Marine intel officer, Earl H. Ellis, put most of William's concept to effect. After fighting in the trenches in WWI, Ellis submitted a request to Headquarters Marine Corps for special intelligence duty in South America and the Pacific; the Director of Naval Intelligence diligently accepted. It was during his special duty that introduced the most profound accounts of Ellis's intelligence reports. He submitted a 30,000 page Top Secret document ^ "Ellis" File, Advanced Base Defense During the Present War, HisDiv, HQMC</ref> concerning his detail discussion of local sea, air and the climate, various land terrain types, the native population and economic conditions. He discussed his reports on strategically seizing key islands as forward-operating bases for project naval forces effectively into the area. His time-tables, mobilization projections, and predictions of manpower necessary to seize certain targets.
The earliest activities in amphibious reconnaissance was largely limited in surveying of ports, uncharted islands and adjacent beaches or coastlines. Most of these duties were billeted by senior Naval Intelligence Officers that were prerequisited in topography, hydrography, impermanent construction of fortification with the means of rapid encampment and mobilization of troops to operate in their area.
World War II in Europe.
The development of amphibious reconnaissance in the early stages of the Second World War during the European campaigns were largely dominated by Lt-Cdr Nigel Clogstoun-Willmot RN, who developed what would become the Combined Operations Pilotage Parties (COPPs) while conducting raids on the Aegean Islands in 1941. Following Operation Torch, which was carried out without proper reconnaissance, it was proposed that 50 of these parties would be needed; however, the shortage of necessary personnel meant that in all only some 11 teams were trained. The Beach Pilotage School was set up on the Kyles of Bute in Scotland.
The COPP Depot was set up in 1943 on Hayling Island based at Hayling Island Sailing Club. In preparation for the invasion of Normandy, the British carried out Operation Postage Able, in which a midget submarine took a team close in to the planned landing sites. The team took samples from the beach to determine its ability to bear vehicles, and, together with depth soundings and other observations, large-scale models of the beaches were constructed to aid planning.
Following the war the secrecy surrounding beach recce continued, and mention of the COPPs did not appear in the press until the late 1950s. By then their knowledge and role had been passed on to the (then) Special Boat Squadron.
Mission Role.
Specific missions for amphibious reconnaissance patrols included:
Also assigned were the following non-intelligence missions:

</doc>
<doc id="20847786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847786" title="Azerbaijani constitutional referendum, 2009">
Azerbaijani constitutional referendum, 2009

A constitutional referendum was held in Azerbaijan on 18 March 2009. It consisted of 29 measures voted on separately; the most controversial were a measure to abolish presidential term limits and a measure to greatly restrict press freedom. The measures passed, with approval of measures between 87.14% and 91.76%, disapproval between 4.59% and 7.24% and invalid votes between 3.64% and 5.70%; turnout was 71.08%.
This provision of the constitutional amendment was condemned by the Venice Commission of the Council of Europe, which stated that "the abolition of existing limits preventing the unlimited re-election of a President is a step back, in terms of democratic achievements". Professor Wojciech Sadurski, Challis Professor of Jurisprudence at the Faculty of Law of Sydney University, in his legal opinion stated that the adoption of the amendment violated the principle of transparency and that it constituted a breach of European law under the European Convention on Human Rights as well as the international law. The amendment was also criticized by the Azerbaijani opposition.
On the basis of the amendment in 2013 Ilham Aliyev ran for president for the third time.

</doc>
<doc id="20847788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847788" title="List of The Super Dimension Fortress Macross episodes">
List of The Super Dimension Fortress Macross episodes

"The Super Dimension Fortress Macross" is an anime series created by Studio Nue. The series ran from October 3, 1982 to June 26, 1983 over 36 episodes.
The series was originally licensed by AnimEigo, who restored the series and released it on DVD with Japanese audio and English subtitles.
The series is currently licensed by ADV, who re-released the series with an English dub alongside the original Japanese audio and English subtitles. The seven individual volumes were released between January 10, 2006 and December 19, 2006 and a complete collection followed on October 21, 2008.
In Japan, a boxset containing the entire series created from HD remastered video was released as "The Super Dimension Fortress Macross Memorial Box" on February 22, 2008.
The Series uses two pieces of music as opening and ending themes. The opening theme "Macross" and the ending theme "Runner" were both performed by Makoto Fujiwara. Episode 36 used a version of "Runner" performed by Mari Iijima.

</doc>
<doc id="20847789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847789" title="Radio in Honduras">
Radio in Honduras

Radio in Honduras began in 1928, when the Tela Railroad Company established "Tropical Radio". The first commercial radio station, "Radio HRN", began broadcasting in 1933.
History.
In August 1920 a group known as "Los Chicos del Coliseo" began broadcasting from Teatro Coliseo in Buenos Aires, but it would take many years for radio to arrive in places such as the isthmus of Central America. In Honduras, radio experimentation had begun with local transmissions. American companies (known as "bananeras") were just a few of the companies providing employment before and after World War II. In 1928 the Tela Railroad Company (one of the two major railroads) had received a license to establish a radio station (known as Tropical Radio). It broadcast on the 51-meter shortwave band, and HRB ("La Voz del Trópico") was the first radio station in Honduras. HRB was not a "commercial" radio station; it was a medium for the Tela Railroad Company to broadcast its own bulletins. It also played recorded music and featured live performances by local talent (including the Sisters Cordova and pianist Guadalupe Ferrari Hartling), marimba bands, singers, poets and other artists. HRB did not last long, but it inspired several individuals to keep the broadcasting flame alive.
Rafael Ferrari Garcia, an entrepreneur with great ambitions but little money, sold everything he owned to embark on a risky plan; he received permission to install the first commercial radio station in Tegucigalpa. It was known as "La Voz del Comercio"; to maintain its operation, he obtained commercial sponsorship from local businesses (retail and professional) and government agencies. From this HRN ("La Primera Emisora del País") was born; Ferrari was credited as the first radio personality in Honduras. The station was founded on November 1, 1933; Kenneth See and Paul John were the principal technical engineers and attorney Manuel Bonilla Rodriguez, Nicholas Odeh, Rodolfo Brevé Martinez and Ferrari were the station’s staff announcers. Bonilla Rodriguez was the first to broadcast a soccer game in 1935 between a Costa Rican team and Club Motagua, a renowned Honduran team. Assisting Bonilla as engineer was Nat Lopez Fuentes, from a family radio dynasty known nationwide.
There were only a handful of radio receivers and in order to reach a wide audience Ferrari installed loudspeakers at various locations in Tegucigalpa. This was a daily pastime, an occasion for locals to meet and enjoy the programming. At first the programming was limited to news, government bulletins and recorded music. However, during the 1940s the station acquired a more powerful transmitter, reaching audiences in faraway countries with its shortwave signal. HRN was important during War World II, since it rebroadcast information from the BBC in London and NBC in the United States. Ferrari continued his support of local talent with broadcasts including pianists, marimba bands, orchestras, singers, poets, composers, comedians and amateur artists. After the war, Europe, Asia and North America began to rebuild their economies and Honduras enjoyed some prosperity and tranquility under the Carias Andino regime. HRN became one of many private enterprises which enjoyed a modest increase in business. During this time, the station replaced "La Voz del Comercio" for its current slogan, "La Voz de Honduras". Ferrari expanded the station, providing opportunity to a new generation of promising talent; some became household names, solidifying HRN's position as a powerhouse of Central American radio.
Radio America.
1948 marked the birth of Radio America. At that time Tegucigalpa (the capital) comprised two cities, divided by the Rio Choluteca. It was a small metropolis, both geographically and in population. Radio America broadcast with three kW of power; small by later standards, but sufficient for experimentation. Soon it increased its power to 10 kW, easily reaching audiences in the twin cities of Tegucigalpa and Comayagüela. The station was first owned by Sergio Castellón who, within a few years, sold it to Cuban entrepreneur Rafael Silvio Peña. Peña, bringing the Cuban concept of radio as a fresh approach, began with live performances (especially "radio-novelas", or soap-operas). Peña brought in Emilio Díaz; the two developed programs popular in Cuba such as ""La Tremenda Corte"", which was known throughout Latin America. Subsequently Dr. Andonie Fernandez bought the station, maintaining its tradition while ushering in a new era.
Several changes took place, the most important of which was the addition of well-known radio personalities and the highest-rated program ("“Platicando con mi Barbero”", after the cast left HRN). This program featured a group headed by humorist Herman Allan Padgett, considered a genius for his comic range and originality. Padgett had gathered the best-known talent of the time, including
Julio Lopez Fuentes, Abelardo Enrique Avendaño and Ricardo Antonio Redondo Licona. Like HRN, Radio America strives to improve; Fernandez created a conglomerate within the communications industry in Central America.

</doc>
<doc id="20847797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847797" title="Carnedd y Filiast">
Carnedd y Filiast

Carnedd y Filiast is the name of several mountains in Wales:

</doc>
<doc id="20847800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847800" title="Johannes von Trapp">
Johannes von Trapp

Johannes von Trapp (born 17 January 1939) is a former member of the Trapp Family Singers, whose lives were the inspiration for the play and movie "The Sound of Music". He was the tenth and youngest child.
Biography.
He was born in 1939 in Philadelphia while the family was on a concert tour. 
He was eight years old when his father Georg von Trapp died in 1947. His siblings are Rosmarie (born 1928 or 1929) and Eleonore (born 1931). In 1956, he, along with several other members of the extended family, went to New Guinea to do missionary work. 
By 1969, he had graduated from Dartmouth College. He attended the Yale University's School of Forestry for his Master's degree. He returned to Stowe, Vermont to help with the family inn's finances, and then became the manager of the resort. In 1977, he moved to British Columbia, and later to a ranch in Montana. He eventually returned to manage the family business in Vermont. 
He married Lynne Peterson and had two children, Kristina von Trapp-Frame and Sam von Trapp. Johannes visited the Trapp Villa in Salzburg Aigen on 28 July 2008, with his half-sister, Maria Franziska, and Erika, the widow of his half-brother, Werner.

</doc>
<doc id="20847804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847804" title="Alan Risher">
Alan Risher

Alan David Risher (born May 6, 1961 in New Orleans, LA) was a quarterback in the United States Football League who played for the Arizona Wranglers. The USFL was a 12 team league in 1983, so although Risher was drafted 170th overall in the league's 1983 draft, he was actually the team's 15th round pick that year. Risher was the starting QB for the Wranglers for most of the league's initial 1983 season. He is known best for directing what is widely acknowledged as the greatest upset in USFL history. He backed up Greg Landry on the 1984 Western Conference Champion Wranglers squad.
He would later play in the National Football League for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Green Bay Packers going 2-1 as a starting QB for the Packers during the strike. Risher played collegiate ball for Louisiana State University. Alan, has a son, Chad Risher, who owns his own business in Charlotte, NC.
1983 Season.
Greatest upset in USFL history.
The matchup between the Arizona Wranglers and George Allen's Chicago Blitz that occurred Saturday, March 12, 1983 is widely considered the greatest upset in league history.
The Wranglers opened their initial season with two rookies competing for the starting QB job. Risher and fellow Rookie QB Todd Krueger of Northern Michigan had both played poorly in the teams' 24-0 opening loss to the Oakland Invaders, combining for 140 total yards passing on 32 attempts. Wrangler Coach Doug Shively decided to go with Risher as the starter in week 2, vs. the league's preseason title favorite, the Chicago Blitz. NFL veteran head coach George Allen had stocked his Blitz team with NFL vets and CFL all-stars. Most media experts saw the Blitz as "NFL caliber" and thought the team would dominate the league. Some even questioned whether the Blitz would lose a game after seeing the team destroy the Craig James-led Washington Federals in week one, 28-7.
The Wranglers, on the flipside, were assumed to be the league's worst team. For three quarters, the matchup between the Blitz and Wranglers played to expectations. With 11:23 left in the fourth quarter Blitz QB, longtime NFL vet Greg Landry, hit TE Paul Ricker with a 15 yard TD pass to put the Blitz up 29-12. After the ensueing kickoff, Risher brought his team to life. He drove his team 85 yards down the field hitting FSU Rookie WR Jackie Flowers on a 10 yard TD pass. The team successfully went for two, when Riser connected with University of Arizona Rookie TE Mark Keel, cutting the lead to 29-20. The Wrangler defense stiffened up and stopped the Blitz on the next series, forcing a punt.
After a short punt, Risher started on the Blitz 45 yard line and quickly took the team in for another score, this one a 9 yard pass to BYU rookie WR Neil Balholm. The kick was good and with 2:48 left in the game, the score was 29-27 Chicago. The Wranglers' Defense came up with another stop and after another punt, Risher and the offense had the ball on the Arizona 42 with 1:06 to play. Risher guided the team into field goal range and with one second left Wranglers kicker Jim Asmus kicked through the game winner.
The Wranglers improbable 30-29 come from behind victory over Chicago is considered by most to be the biggest upset in league history and one of that league's most important moments. The outcome of the game gave viability to the other teams in the league early in the season and told football fans that there was nothing inevitable about any USFL game's outcome.
Risher & the Wranglers Flourish.
Fueled by their comeback win, the young Wranglers flourished. Risher started the next 4 games and led the team to a 3-3 record putting the team in a 4 way tie for the Pacific Division lead. Risher struggled in week 7, giving way to Krueger after 2 Interceptions in an ugly 44-23 loss to the potent Johnnie Walton-led Boston Breakers. Risher came back to start the following week, throwing 3 TDs and playing an error free game, leading the Wranglers back into a tie for first in the division with a 24-3 victory over their Division rivals, the Denver Gold.
The Losing Streak.
From here the season collapsed for Risher and his 4-4 Wranglers. They would finish with a USFL record 10 straight losses. Although, Riser, Keel, Balholm, and Flowers would all end the season among the league leaders, the team was legitimately among the youngest and least talented in the league. The defense and offense were both inconsistent. As the rest of the league rounded into midseason form, the offense struggled and the Wrangler D had difficulties keeping the games within reach. Talent and depth shortfalls, the "Arizona heat", the young team collectively hitting a "rookie wall", and bad coaching are listed as possible factors credited with the collapse of the 1983 Wranglers.
Risher was generally solid if unspectacular down the stretch, but had one truly awful game --- in the Wranglers 20-14 loss to the Tampa Bay Bandits in week 11, throwing 4 INTs in a very winnable game. In weeks 14-16, Risher was repeatedly yanked from the game by Coach Doug Shively. Risher did not play in weeks 17 and 18.
In spite of the team's finish, Risher would finish the season as the league's 6th ranked QB in 1983.
1984.
After the season, the Wranglers were sold to Blitz owner Dr. Ted Diethrich. Coach Shively was fired. The teams traded rosters with the exception of Risher, who stayed in Arizona to serve as backup to Landry on the 1984 Western Conference Champion Arizona Wranglers. Risher would throw 103 passes in 1984 in relief of Landry.
NFL Years.
Risher was a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1985 and started for the Green Bay Packers strike team in 1987, posting a career rating of 80.0 in the NFL in leading the team to a 2-1 record.
Career stats.
Key to Abbreviations<br>
GP= Games Played<br>
Att= Passes attempted<br>
Com= Passes Completed<br>
Pct= Completion percentage<br>
Yds= Yards<br>
TD= Touchdowns<br>
Int= Interceptions<br>
Rate= Passer rating

</doc>
<doc id="20847815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847815" title="Anastasia Mayo">
Anastasia Mayo

Anastasia Mayo (born April 17, 1980 in Barcelona, Spain) is a pornographic actress. She won the 2004 European X Award for Best Actress (Spain), and the 2008 public's choice Ninfa award for Best Actress.

</doc>
<doc id="20847818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847818" title="Erlanger v New Sombrero Phosphate Co">
Erlanger v New Sombrero Phosphate Co

Erlanger v New Sombrero Phosphate Co (1878) 3 App Cas 1218 is a landmark English contract law, restitution and UK company law case. It concerned rescission for misrepresentation and how the impossibility of counter restitution may be a bar to rescission. It is also an important illustration of how promoters of a company stand in a fiduciary relationship to subscribers.
Facts.
Emile Erlanger was a Parisian banker. He bought the lease of the Anguilla island of Sombrero for phosphate mining for £55,000. He then set up the New Sombrero Phosphate Co. Eight days after incorporation, he sold the island to the company for £110,000 through a nominee. One of the directors was the Lord Mayor of London, who himself was independent of the syndicate that formed the company. Two other directors were abroad, and the others were mere puppet directors of Erlanger. The board, which was effectively Erlanger, ratified the sale of the lease. Erlanger, through promotion and advertising, got many members of the public to invest in the company.
After eight months, the public investors found out the fact that Erlanger (and his syndicate) had bought the island at half the price the company (now with their money) had paid for it. The New Sombrero Phosphate Co sued for rescission based on non-disclosure, if they gave back the mine and an account of profits, or for the difference.
Judgment.
The House of Lords unanimously held that promoters of a company stand in a fiduciary relationship to investors, meaning they have a duty of disclosure. Further, they held, by majority (Lord Cairns LC dissenting), that the contract could be rescinded, and that rescission was not barred by laches.
Lord Blackburn decided that delay did not bar rescission. As a general "condition to a rescission there must be a "restitutio in integrum"." There was a question over this, since phosphate had been mined, and it was not so easy to put the phosphate back. He observed it would "be obviously unjust that a person who has been in possession of property under the contract which he seeks to repudiate should be allowed to throw that back on the other party’s hands without accounting for any benefit he may have derived from the use of the property… making compensation for that deterioration." In this case, however, adequate compensate could be paid. So there was no impossibility in counter restitution. His judgment ran as follows.
Lord Penzance, Lord Hatherley, Lord O'Hagan, Lord Selborne and Lord Gordon concurred.

</doc>
<doc id="20847819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847819" title="Josiah Hooper">
Josiah Hooper

Josiah Hooper (April 14, 1807 – April 24, 1878) was an English-born merchant, shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond County from 1867 to 1871 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Bristol. Hooper married Elizabeth Hart. He was a justice of the peace. He lived in Arichat, Nova Scotia. Hooper died in Halifax at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="20847820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847820" title="D'Andrea Picks">
D'Andrea Picks

D'Andrea USA. is a manufacturer of plastic instrument picks. Luigi D'Andrea made the world's very first plastic guitar pick out of celluloid in 1922. In October 2007, D'Andrea celebrated 85 years of designing and manufacturing professional guitar picks and music accessories, making it one of the oldest companies in the musical accessory industry.
Introduction.
The tonal effect of a musical piece can depend as much on the selection of pick as it does on the choice of strings, amplifiers, effects, or guitar. Many players keep a variety of types and gauges available for varied sounds and playing styles.
History of the plastic pick.
Up until 1922, most picks were handmade from real tortoise shell - the carapace of the Atlantic Hawksbill turtle. It provided the finest tonal quality but it had some drawbacks. It was very expensive, had a tendency to break, and was scarce. People had tried other materials such as bone, stone, and ivory but none had been particularly successful.
Luigi D'Andrea punched the little disks out of celluloid by hand, with a heavy mallet and a variety of knife edged dies which he designed. The cut edges were then finished by hand with sand paper. He also made the traditional tortoise shell picks the same way. The real shell came from Europe in irregularly shaped "plates" which were then soaked in oil and pressed between heated stainless steel plates for days. The plates were regularly tightened with a hand wheel. The pick material was then taken off the press hot and cut by hand with a steel die and wooden mallet, to get as many good picks as possible from the irregular plate. They had to work quickly because if the shell cooled or dried out, it would shatter when cut. The edges of the plate made thin picks, further in was medium, and the center supplied the thick gauge. They were then either tumbled or finished by hand on a sanding wheel. Some would have to be re-pressed flat again at the end of this process, for the gauges were never uniform. By comparison, the celluloid process was slightly simpler because the 2'x5', sheets were flat and uniformly gauged. It was readily available in the U.S. until the late '60s, and only from Italy and Japan.
During this early time he experimented with different shapes and sizes. Guitarists he knew would visit him, and bring their special needs to his attention: making the picks bigger, smaller, longer, more round, sharper, point two sides, then three. He started numbering the styles. Soon he had created 23 shapes in tortoise and 56 shapes in celluloid. Among them is the famous #351 which eventually becomes the 'standard' "Fender" pick. One of the oddest was the #84, a combination of 3 #353 picks in thin, medium and heavy, beveled on one edge, and joined by a rivet. It could be flipped out like a pocket knife to the desired thickness when needed. Because he tried to please so many of the players with modifications to pick styles, most of today's pick "inventions" were already included in the D'Andrea catalogs of the 1920s!
The problem of holding on to a pick was also addressed. There is a whole line with shaped cork cushion grips, including a heart shaped grip for a heart pick, in several sizes. One line also had notches in the sides of the picks that held tiny rubber bands. That look actually became part of the D'Andrea logo from the 1920s to the '50s. Some picks even had 1/4" holes in the centers for grip. When imprinting became an integral part of pick manufacturing, different "patterns" were embossed for grip. Some styles were actually struck with a die which embedded tiny ridges in the tops to "corrugate" them. By the 1970s, D'Andrea introduced yet another innovation addressing the grip problem—PRO-GRIP celluloid. This treated the normally polished surface with a resin coating. The shiny pick was now dusty looking but it stayed put. In the '90s that treatment was used on the molded Delrin PRO-GRIP BRITES pick line.
By 1928, Luigi D'Andrea was the Henry Ford of guitar picks, with semi-automated equipment to punch, tumble and imprint as many as 59 differently shaped picks in both celluloid and real tortoise shell. His New York City factory produced flat picks, thumb and finger picks, pick guards, as well as guitar, bass, sax, accordion & drum bags, and cases.
In the 1930s, Luigi's son Anthony joined the business and began some innovations of his own. Not only the production, but the marketing of picks became his forte. He took his cue from the candy business and secured some surplus compartmentalized boxes with glass tops which he filled with pick assortments. Picks were soon sold by the gross and half gross in 4" square plastic 'jewel' boxes with separate lids. These eventually evolved into the clear plastic compartment boxes we see today. He put picks on cardboard displays, die-cut point of purchase counter easels, and pop-up boxes. The 1930s "Nick Lucas" picks on a card were an example of his packaging ideas.
The picks originally made in the '20s were used on mandolins, banjos and acoustic guitars. The early blues and jazz players used the picks back then. In the 1950s they were used by early rockers. As more and more folks began playing guitar, the demand grew rapidly. Anthony (Tony, Sr.) then began the search for new materials for picks. Tortoiseshell was hardly available, and by 1975 would be on the endangered list and no longer used. Celluloid always was an expensive and a difficult material to handle. The lead times were tremendous and erratic. To meet the demand, he introduced a molded nylon pick with circular patterns for grip.
Tony D'Andrea Jr..
In 1962,Tony Sr.'s son, Tony Jr., joined the company. Coming out of the Aircraft industry and familiar with industrial plastics, he pioneered the use of some of the plastics still used in modern picks. A Dupont acetal polymer, Delrin was introduced as the D'Andrea Delrex line. A colorful sheet plastic, it had some of the tonal qualities of celluloid, excellent endurance, but could not be colored in shell patterns. As a sheet plastic however, it could easily be produced in many shapes. Today, D'Andrea offers it in seven shapes and six gauges. The same material is also able to be molded. So Tony Jr. developed uniquely designed molds to accommodate the needs of the faster paced music of the Rock revolution. His molds had innovative sharply beveled edges to provide fast release with clearer tone. Those molds are used to produce the three Delrin lines: Jetex with a multi-leveled gripping surface, and the Brites and Pro-Grip Brites lines with Fluorescent pigmented colors. A new stronger Nylon formula was also developed and used in these sharp edged molds.
As the "standard" #351 pick emerged as the dominant pick shape, the need for 59 shapes diminished, but Tony wanted to increase its versatility. In 1974, he introduced the 4th and 5th sound: .58mm Thin /Medium and .84mm Medium/Heavy. Today picks come in 8 gauges, up to 2.00mm super heavy. As for shapes, 10 still remain from the early days.
Still the professionals favorite for its unique sound quality, the breadth of the celluloid material was necessarily reduced. Because of its constantly increasing cost, many colors have been eliminated. To fill players' need for an economical pick, Tony introduced a polymer plastic, V-Resin. It mimics most celluloid properties, but its lower material cost, domestic availability, and familiar colors make it widely popular. It is available in jewel like transparent hues and stone patterns. Variations of it are used for several premium pick lines: SPECTRA-PLEC, SPECTRA SHARP-transparent jewel colors, ULTRA PLEC in burled wood, malachite and crystal patterns and PRO PLEC, a super heavy, rich shell patterned pick in vintage shapes.
Another area of innovation for Tony Jr. has been the pick imprinting processes. From the very beginning, simple hot stamping had been used to identify the picks, first with a D'Andrea logo and then simple block letter dies for a player name. These were originally imprinted in one shot, foot pedal operated machines. One of the first to make the player imprint popular was Nick Lucas. In the '30s, using the old round top #351 pick Luigi developed for him, each pick was imprinted with his logo and sold as a "Nick Lucas" pick. The '50s saw the advent of mass producing private labeled picks for guitar companies, requiring sophisticated automated printing and packaging. The '60s was the heyday of rock and every player and store wanted their pick personalized. Tony developed some of the fastest multi-shot equipment for punching, imprinting and bagging. In the '90s he revolutionized the imprint process with the introduction of pad printing. It overcame some of the speed and design limitations of hot stamping. Now very intricate logos can be produced by computer generation and they can be multicolored. By 1996, even a photograph could be imprinted on a pick!
D'Andrea today.
D'Andrea manufactures twelve D'Andrea brand pick lines, private label picks for many prominent guitar makers, custom imprinted picks for thousands of music retailers worldwide, and most of the veteran and contemporary artists. Among the many endorsees are Al Di Meola, Lee Ritenour, Richie Sambora, Bon Jovi, Slayer, and The Ventures — representatives of a variety of musical styles. There are over 50,000 imprint dies in the D'Andrea archives.
After 85 years of producing, developing and innovating, picks are now made from five plastics including celluloid. When Luigi’s son, Anthony, took over the business in the '40s, it was expanded into cases and other guitar accessories. Today, his grandson Tony, operates the family business, along with his brother-in-law, Charles Lusso as general Mgr. In 2002, they expanded by purchasing the Snarling Dogs line of signature wah pedals and amp emulators, and the rights to the Snarling Dogs Brain Pick. In 2003, D'Andrea began distributing products from other manufacturers.
Today, celluloid has very few uses other than guitar picks, pickguards, other guitar related parts, ping pong balls and accordion shells. Large commercial sources of it have vanished except for one in Italy. There is new hope as, thankfully, mainland China has taken on the task of keeping celluloid alive and is now a viable and fairly abundant resource of the substance. It is produced from cotton cellulose (nitrocellulose) and camphor, in huge vats which take months to cure. The lead time is anywhere from four to six months for production alone. It is then made into 300 lb. blocks, skived into sheets and shipped from overseas—a costly and time consuming process in the era of overnight delivery.
Update.
As they celebrated their 90th year, effective July 1, 2012, D'Andrea USA was purchased by Delmar Products, a plastics company in Berlin, CT. Though Tony D'Andrea is in contact with the company and brother-in-law, Charles Lusso continues to work at the company, the D'Andrea family is, theoretically, no longer involved.

</doc>
<doc id="20847827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847827" title="Bashiru Gambo">
Bashiru Gambo

Bashiru Gambo (born 24 September 1978) is a Ghanaian footballer who last played for VfR Mannheim.

</doc>
<doc id="20847841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847841" title="Ristiseiska">
Ristiseiska

Ristiseiska (Finnish for "the seven of clubs") is a card game popular in Finland.
Rules.
The idea of Ristiseiska is to build a rectangular grid of cards on the table, according to specific rules. At the start, the entire deck is dealt out among the players. The person holding the seven of clubs must begin, and play proceeds clockwise from there.
On a player's turn, he/she must place a card from his/her hand on the table if at all possible. The grid on the table is divided by suit, with each suit consisting of three parts: the seven, a pile growing from the six downwards, and a pile growing from the eight upwards. Aces rank low.
The first card to be put on the table must be the seven of clubs. A suit may only be started with a seven. If the seven is already on the table, a six may be added, and if a six is already on the table, an eight may be added. The two piles corresponding to the suit then grow number by number, one towards the king, the other towards the ace. If a player has any card that can be played, he/she must play it. Otherwise he/she has to take a card from the previous player, this is selected by the previous player and given face down. Upon playing a king or an ace, a player can choose to play an additional card as well.
The first player to run out of cards wins.

</doc>
<doc id="20847842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847842" title="R. O. Blechman">
R. O. Blechman

R. O. Blechman (born 1930) is an American animator, illustrator, children's-book author, graphic novelist and editorial cartoonist whose work has been the subject of retrospectives at the Museum of Modern Art and other institutions. He was inducted into the Art Directors Hall of Fame in 1999.
Blechman's best-known works include the book "The Juggler of Our Lady" (1953), television commercials for Alka-Seltzer (1967) and other products, the animated PBS special "Great Performances: The Soldier's Tale"; a minute-long CBS Christmas greeting; and numerous covers for "The New Yorker" magazine.
Life and career.
Oscar Robert Blechman, whose professional name transposes the initials of his first two given names, was born in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, and attended the High School of Music and Art and Oberlin College, where he drew cartoons for the student newspaper, "The Oberlin Review". Henry Holt published his first book, "The Juggler of Our Lady", a Christmas retelling of the medieval legend, in 1953. Five years later, it was adapted into a nine-minute Terrytoons animated short by Al Kouzel and Gene Deitch, narrated by Boris Karloff. The short earned a BAFTA Award nomination for Best Animated Film.
After being drafted into the United States Army and serving in Asbury Park, New Jersey, he was invited by animator John Hubley to join the advertising studio Storyboard Inc., where Blechman learned animation. He expanded into spot illustration and sequential-panel illustration for such magazines as "Harper's Bazaar", "Trump", "Punch", "Esquire", "Humbug", "Theater Arts", and "Show" ; a humorous print campaign for Capezio shoes; and drawings for Irving Trust bank, The New School, and D'Orsay perfumes, among others. His 1967 TV commercial for Alka-Seltzer, for which he created the storyboard and drawings, "remains a classic of American advertising". 
During the 1970s, Blechman penned Vietnam War editorial cartoons for the liberal alternative weekly "The Village Voice". That same decade, he produced the PBS Christmas television special "Simple Gifts" (1977), which used his segment "No Room at the Inn", along with segments by fellow illustrators Maurice Sendak, James McMullan, Seymour Chwast, and Charles B. Slackman. In 1978 or 1979, Blechman founded the commercial-animation studio The Ink Tank.
Blechman directed 1984 PBS special "The Soldier's Tale", an animated, one-hour adaptation of composer Igor Stravinsky's and playwright C. F. Ramuz's theater piece "L'Histoire du Soldat". The special won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement - Animated Programming. 
The Museum of Modern Art mounted the retrospective "R. O. Blechman and The Ink Tank: A Celebration", beginning January 17, 2003.
Blechman wrote and illustrated the 2007 children's book "Franklin the Fly"; and wrote the book "Dear James: Letters to a Young Illustrator". His graphic stories are collected in "Talking Lines". The French publisher Delpire published a collection of his artwork for the series "Poche Illustrateur", and his graphic novel "Georgie".
Personal life.
Blechman and his wife, Moisha Kubinyi, the daughter of painters Doris Hall and Kálmán Kubinyi, lived on Central Park West in Manhattan through 2003, moving that year to their weekend home in Ancram, New York. They have two sons: Nicholas, at an unspecified time the art editor of "The New York Times" Book Review; and Max, who edited the collection "Revolutionary Romanticism: A Drunken Boat Anthology".

</doc>
<doc id="20847867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847867" title="Political issues in Kuwait">
Political issues in Kuwait

Important political issues in the Kuwaiti National Assembly include rights for women, rights for immigrant workers, gun control, and education reform.
Education.
Government funds for college tuition.
In 2002 Kuwait started opening private universities in the country, beginning with the Gulf University for Science and Technology. On September 28, 2008, MPs Abdullah Al-Roumi, Marzouq Al-Ghanem, Ali Al-Rashid, and Adel Al-Saraawi proposed a law to have the government pay half of Kuwaiti students' tuition at these private colleges.
Mandatory retirement age for teachers.
On November 28, 2008, MPs Abdullah Al-Roumi, Khaled AlـSultan Bin Essa, Hassan Johar, Musallam Al-Barrak, and Marzouq AlـHubaini Al-Azmi proposed a law to extend the mandatory retirement age for Kuwaiti teaching staff at Kuwait University from 65 to 70 years. The MPs argued that Item 32 of Law no. 15/1979 has denied the country services of able and intelligent professors by restricting the retirement age of Kuwaitis to 65 years.
Textbook content.
On December 26, 2003, the Kuwaiti cabinet informed the parliament that it was modifying Kuwaiti textbooks to remove references to alleged Islamic intolerance and extremism. In the ensuing debate, MP Hassan Jawhar said, "I hope the government will not bow to external blackmail and threats... and be forced to delete important sections of Islamic education." MP Mohammad Al-Busairi claimed the United States had been pressing Gulf states to change school textbooks since the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, and rejected accusations that school syllabi in the Gulf breed terrorists.
Coeducation.
Coeducation in Kuwait has been a contentious issue since the Islamists gained slight power in parliament in the 1990s. In 1996, conservative lawmakers banned coed classes at Kuwait University and The Public Authority for Applied Education and Training. In 2000, when foreign universities were first opened in Kuwait, the ban was extended to those institutions as well. However, the government has opposed the ban and does not adopt the ban thus universities are still co-ed. 
On February 6, 2008, MP Ali Al-Rashid proposed a bill that would reverse the ban on coeducation since the government does not enforce the ban.
Foreign workers.
Foreign worker sponsorship system.
In August 2008, MP Abdullah Al-Roumi declared that he was going to draft a law to scrap Kuwait's "kafeel" foreign worker sponsorship system, under which expatriates must be sponsored by a local employer to get a work permit: "The government should be the only kafeel... We have scores of bachelors residing in Kuwait with an equal number of crimes. Many are caused due to the 'trading with humans' issue which taints the reputation of Kuwait."
Citizenship for stateless.
On December 4, 2008, MPs Hassan Jawhar, Musallam Al-Barrak, Marzouq AlـHubaini, Ali Al-Deqbasi, and Abdullah AlـBarghash submitted a draft law calling for the granting of Kuwaiti citizenship to all bidun (stateless) residents in the country. The bill proposes that citizenship be granted to all bidun who were included in the 1965 census and who have no criminal record. The new draft law differs from previous bills as it does not impose any restrictions on the naturalization of bidun and does not set a ceiling for the number of bidun that can be granted citizenship. They also suggested that the families of individuals who have died in service to the country be naturalized.
In addition, the lawmakers affirmed their belief that the families of POWs and the children of those who were martyred during the invasion be granted citizenship. The latest statistics reveal that more than 80,000 bidun currently reside in Kuwait.
Minimum wage.
In the parliamentary debates over the Kuwaiti minimum wage, MPs Askar Al-Enezi and Sadoon Al-Otaibi have dismissed past wage increases as "too small" and not enough to meet the steep hikes in consumer prices. On February 21, 2008, the parliament approved a 120 dinar ($440) monthly pay rise for nationals in the public and private sectors after inflation hit 7.3%, a 15-year high. It also decided to raise by 50 dinars ($183) the pay of foreigners employed by the government. In response, Al-Enezi said, "We reject this increase because it is well below expectations. We urge the government to review its decision."
Anti-trafficking reform.
On September 22, 2008, MP Saleh Al-Mulla demanded from Minister of Social Affairs and Labor Bader Al-Duwailah a list of companies involved in human trafficking. Mulla also asked about the measures taken against the violating companies and other steps that would be taken in the future to prevent such violations from taking place.
Blacklist for those who mistreat foreign workers.
On October 2, 2007, Waleed Al-Tabtabaie called for the interior ministry to draw up a blacklist of employers who mistreat their domestic helpers and urged stiff penalties for physical abuse. Al-Tabtabaie said that employers who abuse their maids "physically or morally" should be added to the blacklist and prevented from hiring new maids. Al-Tabtabie, a member of parliament's human rights panel, argued that the phenomenon of maid abuse "has lately increased to a disturbing level and a large number of abuses are committed annually, with most cases failing to reach the court."
In September 2007, Kuwait opened a temporary shelter to house runaway maids until their disputes with employers are resolved. The Kuwaiti government plans to open two permanent centres for males and females to be housed separately.
Election reform.
Redistricting.
In 2004 there was a push by the Kuwaiti parliament to reorganized Kuwait's voting districts. At the time, each of Kuwait's twenty-five districts had only about 10,000 voters. The plan was to cut down on vote-buying by reorganizing Kuwait into five districts with about 50,000 voters each. Although the redistricting reforms eventually went through, the Emir initially opposed them. At that time, Al-Awadhi stood with the Emir and against the majority in parliament, saying "I don't believe reducing the number will eliminate electoral malpractices such as vote buying and bribery. These violations should be dealt with using other effective methods rather than reducing the number of constituencies."
On May 13, 2007, the parliament voted 60-2 to reduce the number of districts from 25 to five. Ashour was critical of the redistricting on the grounds that the districts were uneven in size: "No one in the chamber is opposed to the five constituencies, but there are differences about the geographic distribution." Later that week, Ashour held a rally outside the parliament building, telling the crowd: "The government bill is unfair and racist. It discriminates between Kuwaitis. It gives 70,000 Kuwaiti voters twenty MPs and the remaining 250,000 thirty MPs. Is this fair?" Ashour also argued that the redistricting would promote tribalism.
A grassroots campaign called Nabeeha 5 meaning "we want it five" in Arabic was formed, which was spearheaded by the National Democratic Alliance and some independents, and the Youth Association of Kuwait (then National Democratic Youth Association) opposed the redistricting, claiming that it marginalizes sects of society and it is unfair to the people, adding that it is a government idea to take over parliament.
Legalization of political parties.
In an August 11, 2008, interview with the Arab Times, Al-Mulla underscored the importance of recognizing political parties in Kuwait, arguing that these parties have been operating unofficially in the country since the 1930s: "The time has come for the enactment of a law to recognize and legalize political parties in the country."
Women's rights.
Women's suffrage.
When voting was first introduced in Kuwait in 1985, Kuwaiti women had the right to vote. This right was later removed. In May 2005, the parliament re-granted Kuwaiti female suffrage. The bill, which passed with 35 votes for and 23 against, allows women to vote again and run in parliamentary and local elections.
Women in the army and police force.
In an August 11, 2008, interview with the Arab Times, Al-Mulla said, "Accepting women in the police force is a step in the right direction. We also hope to see women in the army soon. Like men, women are capable of securing the nation and its people. The Interior Ministry is the sole authority for determining the security duties of women."
On November 28, 2007, the Interior Ministry announced that the first group of female police force were to begin. Face-veils will not be allowed. The female police force came in implementation of Amiri Decree number 221 of 2001 and cabinet decision number 109 of 2001.
Individual rights.
Gun control.
In February 2005, in the wake of a wave of Al-Qaeda violence, the parliament unanimously passed a law giving police wide powers to search for and seize illegal weapons. MP Abdullah Al-Roumi was one of the main proponents of the bill, which makes it easier for police to obtain a warrant to search a private house for illegal weapons. The law also allows female inspectors to search women's quarters in private homes—quarters which are off limits to men according to Islamic rules.
The parliament passed a similar law in 1992 to deal with a jump in gun ownership after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. Lawmakers refused to extend that law in 1994, arguing that possession of weapons was a right.
Cross-dressing.
On December 10, 2007, the parliament passed a bill, supported by Al-Omair and Faisal Al-Muslim Al-Otaib, which amended the penal code so that anyone "imitating the appearance of a member of the opposite sex" could be jailed for up to a year or fined up to 1,000 dinars. When NGO Human Rights Watch criticized the law, Al-Omair accused the human rights organisation of luring other nations to practice vice and lewdness in the name of personal freedom.
Religious minorities.
Construction of new Christian churches.
Church sources told AFP that Kuwait has eight churches, four of which have their own permanent buildings and the rest are in rented homes. According to the sources, there are between 150 and 200 Kuwaiti Christians and up to 350,000 foreign Christians mostly from India, the Philippines, Egypt, Lebanon and the West. The government has recently allotted Christians two large pieces of state land to build churches, a measure that was welcomed by the head of parliament's human rights committee, MP Ali al-Rashed.
Kuwait was the first Gulf Arab state to establish direct links with Vatican City and Emmanuel Benjamen al-Ghareeb became the first Kuwaiti pastor of the Anglican church in 1999. Other Gulf states like Bahrain, Oman and the United Arab Emirates have churches, while Qatar announced in October that it will donate land to build the gas-rich emirate's first church.
Shia Muslims.
On September 16, 2007, Abdulsamad and fellow Shia MP Saleh Ashour spoke out against a planned Ramadan soap opera miniseries titled "Sins Have a Price" which was to revolve around and criticize the Shiite form of temporary marriage known as "Mutaa." In a public statement, Abdulsamad accused the series of giving "a total distortion of Shiism ... It also incites sectarianism... It is very provocative and comes at a sensitive time amid the sectarian tension in the region."
On October 10, 2005, Ashour asked the authorities to ensure protection for a Shiite mosque which was attacked by a fifty-person mob on a Friday night. The teenage mob, mostly non-citizens, set fire in a car in front of the mosque in al-Jahra city and threw stones at worshippers. Ashour added that the gathering raised banners against the Shiites, accusing them of helping the American forces in Iraq.
Ashour further requested that the non-citizens who took part in the incident be deported: "the young persons who took part in the incident were not small children who did not know the results of their actions or the consequences of attacking a house of God."
In November 2007, the parliament voted 51-2 to approve a law requiring all Kuwaiti public and shareholding companies to pay Zakat every year. Ashour voted against the law, arguing that it was discriminatory and that Shiites should demonstrate against it: "Passage of anti-minority laws in the Parliament will force us to voice out our objections through demonstrations and we will exhaust all legal means including the media to oppose such laws."
Banking and finance.
Stock-market bailout.
Al-Qallaf criticized the government's October 2008 stock-market bailout, alleging that it short-changed small investors and reasoning that the bailout money would be better spent on social allowances for the masses.
Debtors bailout.
On December 19, 2006, parliament voted 39-20 to reject a bill that would have seen the government write off $27bn of its citizens' private debts. Al-Rashid voted against the bill, accusing its proponents of succumbing to pressure by constituents so that they would be re-elected: "It is very easy for me to become a hero and to forget Kuwait, public money, the interest of our children and future generations."
Guaranteeing bank deposits.
On October 28, 2008, the parliament voted 50-7 to insure all types of deposits in all local banks within Kuwait. Al-Qallaf opposed the bill, along with Jabir Al-Azmi, Daifallah Bouramiya, Mohammed Al-Obaid, Mohammed Hayef AlـMutairi, and Musallam AlـBarrak and Waleed AlـTabtabaie. Al-Qallaf accused the Cabinet of speeding up the bill's passage for the benefit of monetary tycoons.
Future Generations Fund.
In November 2008, Al-Saraawi submitted a request for an expanded debate on the impact of the global financial crisis on Kuwaiti investments abroad, specifically the Future Generations Fund and the State Reserves Fund. The two funds are managed by Kuwait Investment Authority (KIA), the country's sovereign wealth fund, mostly in the United States and Europe. Its assets were estimated at close to $300 billion before the outbreak of the global crisis. Saraawi said that it is no secret that there is a direct impact from the global financial meltdown on Kuwaiti investments. He added that MPs also want to know the extent of this impact on the country's financial surpluses in the past few years. A number of top officials, including the finance minister and the governor of the Central Bank, have explicitly said that Kuwaiti foreign holdings have been impacted by the crisis but stressed that the effect has so far been "small."
Corruption.
Kuwait Airways investigation.
On September 9, 2007, Kuwait Airways' board of directors, headed by ruling family member Sheikh Talal Mubarak al-Sabah, resigned following differences with the government over a multi-billion-dollar deal to buy new aircraft. In July, Al-Awadi had accused the corporation of squandering public funds and led the parliament to approve a recommendation by a three-MP inquiry committee, which called for top airline executives to be referred to the public prosecutor over alleged financial and administrative irregularities.
Falcon smuggling.
on April 17, 2007, Al-Harbash and other MPs submitted documents to parliament claiming that several falcon shipments for "influential people" had been imported recently without proper testing. Kuwat banned bird imports as an avian influenza precaution, but the ban was eased since July 2006. Al-Harbash sees the smuggling as an example of corruption that puts the country at risk for bird flu: "Lifting the ban on falcons was a catastrophe. Why were they exempted from the ban despite warnings by doctors?" Al-Harbash says he will ask the parliament's health committee to study the situation and report back.
Kuwait reported 20 birds, including 18 falcons, were tested positive for the deadly H5N1 strain of the bird flu on February 25 and so far the bird flu cases have risen to 132. In November 2005, Kuwait detected the first case of a bird infected with the H5N1 strain—a flamingo at a seaside villa.
FIFA reforms.
On February 8, 2008, Al-Ghanim, as head of the Youth and Sports Committee, agreed to reform the Kuwaiti football program in line with the recommendations of FIFA.
In November 2007, FIFA had suspended Kuwait from all international matches because of governmental interference in the national football program. The dispute originated with Kuwait's October 9 elections for key posts in the country's soccer federation. FIFA and the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) refused to recognise the polls. FIFA said Kuwait had ignored the two bodies' "road map" of reforms requiring them to set up an interim board to organize fresh elections and draft new guidelines to prevent governmental interference in the game.
Oil industry.
Project Kuwait.
Project Kuwait is a $7 billion, 25-year plan, first formulated in 1997 by the SPC, to increase the country's oil production (and to help compensate for declines at the mature Burgan field), with the help of international oil companies. In particular, Kuwait aims to increase output at five northern oil fields (Abdali, Bahra, Ratqa, Raudhatain, and Sabriya) from their current rate of around to within three years. 
Al-Sane opposes Project Kuwait and allowing foreign oil companies into Kuwait. On December 23, 2005, Al-Sane told the press that he opposed the entry of these foreign companies because it is barred by the constitution: "The step the government wants to take is against the law, and we have to stand against it strongly... The constitutional issue is the main one. We're not against foreign investments, but the problem is that you have to stick to the constitution."
Proposed joint venture with Dow Chemical.
On December 28, 2008, Kuwait's Supreme Petroleum Council scrapped a $17.4 billion joint venture with U.S. petrochemical giant Dow Chemical. The Cabinet argued that the venture, known as K-Dow Petrochemicals, was "very risky" in light of the global financial crisis and low oil prices. The move came just days before the Jan. 1 startup date for the joint venture.
The project, in which Kuwait was to hold a $7.5 billion stake, had been criticized in the country as a waste of public funds, and lawmakers threatened to question the prime minister in parliament if it was launched. As criticism over the deal mounted in Kuwait, Oil Minister Mohammed al-Eleim defended the venture as profitable, saying it was carefully studied by international consultants for over two years.
Relation between the Parliament and the Ruling Family.
Grilling of Prime Minister Nasser.
In November 2008, Al-Mutairi joined with fellow Islamist MPs Waleed AlـTabtabaie and Mohammed AlـMutair in filing a request to grill Prime Minister Nasser Mohammed Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah for allowing prominent Iranian Shiite cleric Mohammad Baqir al-Fali to enter Kuwait despite a legal ban.
Dissolution of the Parliament.
On November 21, 2008, AlـShayji criticized calls for unconstitutional dissolution of Parliament, saying that such a move would avail thieves to plunder public funds: "Despite all the drawbacks within the National Assembly, the Parliament plays a crucial role in serving the country and the people."

</doc>
<doc id="20847869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847869" title="Kingston upon Hull Central by-election, 1919">
Kingston upon Hull Central by-election, 1919

The Kingston upon Hull Central by-election, 1919 was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Kingston upon Hull Central on 29 March 1919.
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant when the Coalition Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) Sir Mark Sykes had died on 16 February 1919 aged 39, a victim of the Spanish flu pandemic. He had held the seat since winning a by-election there on 5 July 1911. At the last election he was comfortably re-elected;
Campaign.
According to reports in "The Times" newspaper, the by-election proved largely uneventful and the parties were expecting a small poll.
As with the Leyton West by-election 6 weeks earlier, the dominant issue of the campaign was the idea being floated by the Coalition Government of retaining Conscription during peacetime. Kenworthy took a strong line in opposition to continuing conscription. He also argued against the imposition of impossible reparations against Germany. Percy's campaign did little other than express support for the Coalition Government.
Result.
In the event there was a turnout of 51% which although on the lower end of the spectrum for by-elections of the day, was not the lowest experienced during the 1918–1922 Parliament.
Popular opinion was swinging against the coalition government of David Lloyd George and Andrew Bonar Law and particularly against the Conservative half of the coalition. As a result, the Liberal candidate, Joseph Kenworthy, gained the seat for his party with a majority of 917 over his Coalition Conservative opponent, Lord Eustace Percy.
British Pathe has newsreel footage of Joseph Kenworthy taken after his election victory.
http://www.britishpathe.com/video/commander-kenworthy/query/election
Aftermath.
Kenworthy went on to hold the seat for the Liberals at the subsequent General Election 
and thereafter until he resigned his seat to contest it as a Labour candidate in 1926. Percy was to find electoral success elsewhere and go on to sit in the Conservative Cabinet of Stanley Baldwin.
The proposal for retaining Conscription during peacetime was quickly dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="20847870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847870" title="Thatcher CX4">
Thatcher CX4

The Thatcher CX4 is an American-designed aircraft for amateur construction designed by David Thatcher of Pensacola, Florida.
Design and development.
The CX4 is a low wing, single-seat, conventional landing gear equipped aircraft, designed to be simple to build and safe to fly. The name of the plane, CX4, is taken from an old radio show featuring Hop Harrigan, whose plane was called CX4.
The aircraft is all metal, 6061-T6 aluminium, except the cowling. The aluminum main gear legs are sourced from a Monnett Sonerai with hydraulic disc toe brakes. It has a heater and ventilation system for all season flying. The aircraft can be built with an optional 3 gal aux fuel tank. The CX4's standard specified powerplant is a Volkswagen air cooled engine. The design load factor is 3.8 g, with an ultimate load of 5.7 g.
The CX4 first flew in 2004. As of September 2013, there were 40 flying CX4s in Australia, Brazil, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States. The fleet had flown 2731.7 hours total.

</doc>
<doc id="20847893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847893" title="Gun politics in Kuwait">
Gun politics in Kuwait

Gun politics in Kuwait have caused stringent gun control. The law does not allow citizens or resident workers to own firearms. In February 2005, in the wake of a wave of Al-Qaeda violence, the parliament unanimously passed a law giving police wide powers to search for and seize illegal weapons. MP Abdullah Al-Roumi was one of the main proponents of the bill, which makes it easier for police to obtain a warrant to search a private house for illegal weapons. The law also allows female inspectors to search women's quarters in private homes--quarters which are off limits to men according to Islamic rules.
The parliament passed a similar law in 1992 to deal with a jump in gun ownership after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. Lawmakers refused to extend that law in 1994, arguing that possession of weapons was a right.

</doc>
<doc id="20847903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847903" title="Lampleigh v Brathwait">
Lampleigh v Brathwait

Lampleigh v Brathwait [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWHC/KB/1615/J17.html EWHC KB J 17, (1615) Hobart 105, 80 ER 255 is a case on "implied assumpsit" and past consideration in English contract law.
Facts.
Brathwait killed a man called Patrick Mahume unlawfully. He asked Lampleigh to ride to the King and petition for a pardon. Lampleigh was successful. Brathwait promised £100 to Lampleigh. But he never paid up. Lampleigh sued. Brathwait said that because the service had been performed in the past, there was no good consideration at the time for the promise, regardless of the fact that Lampleigh was successful in securing a pardon.
Judgment.
The Court of the King's Bench held that there was an implied understanding (i.e. implied assumpsit, or "assumption" of obligation) that a fee would be paid. Where a past benefit was conferred at the beneficiary's request, and where a reward would reasonably be expected, the promisor would be bound by his promise. 

</doc>
<doc id="20847911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847911" title="Khalidiyah Mall">
Khalidiyah Mall

Khalidiyah Mall is a shopping mall located in Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates, in the densely populated residential area of Al Khalidiyah. It houses 160 stores including Lulu hypermarket, and has an area of 86,000 sq m (about 800,000 square feet). The mall was opened in January 2007 and is run by EMKE Group.
EMKE Group announced plans for the mall in May 2004, which was expected to cost Dh200 million. In July 2004, EMKE Group received bids from eight companies for the construction of the mall, and by September, all major contacts had been awarded, development had begun and negotiations were taking place with retailers. The development contract was awarded to the Belbadi Contracting Company, based in Abu Dhabi. Lt Gen Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Abu Dhabi Deputy Crown Prince and Chief of Staff of the UAE Armed Forces, unveiled the logo for the development in October, saying "Such ambitious mega projects will certainly boost the global economic profile of Abu Dhabi." The mall was expected to be completed in July 2006 and have three floors with room for 600 cars in semi-basement parking and parking for 2,500 cars in total, and have a hypermarket, cinemas and food court in addition to a variety of stores.

</doc>
<doc id="20847913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847913" title="Komine">
Komine

Komine may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20847918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847918" title="Gray-handed night monkey">
Gray-handed night monkey

The gray-handed night monkey ("Aotus griseimembra") is a species of night monkey formerly considered a subspecies of Gray-bellied night monkey of the family Aotidae. Its range consists of parts of Colombia and Venezuela. The exact classification of the gray-handed night monkey is uncertain. While some authors consider it a subspecies of the gray-bellied night monkey, "A. lemurinus", other authors consider it a separate species, "A. griseimembra".
In Colombia, its range consists of the northern portion from the Sinú River (or perhaps further east) to the Venezuelan border, including the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta and the Magdalena River, Cauca River and Sao Jorge River valleys. In Venezuela, it is found to the west and south of Maracaibo.
The gray-handed night monkey is a relatively small monkey, with males weighing approximately and females weighing about . It has short, tight fur. The fur on the back ranges from gray-brown to reddish-brown. The belly is yellowish. The hair on the back of the hands and feet is the color of light coffee with darker hair tips, a key distinguishing feature from other "A. lemurinus" subspecies.
The gray-handed night monkey is arboreal and nocturnal. It and the other members of the genus "Aotus" are the only nocturnal monkeys. Laboratory experiments indicated lower levels of activity even in lighting conditions consistent with a full moon. It is found in several types of forest, including secondary forest and coffee plantations, although one study indicated a preference for highly diverse forest. It lives in small groups of between two and six monkeys, most typically two to four, consisting of an adult pair and one infant and several juveniles and/or subadults. Groups are territorial, and groups occupy ranges that overlap only slightly. One study found a population density of 1.5 monkeys per square kilometer, while another found a density of 150 monkeys per square kilometer. The latter figure occurred in a forest remnant that had served as a refuge, which may account for the extremely high density.
In common with other night monkeys, the gray-handed night monkey is one of the few monogamous monkeys. The monogamous pair generally gives birth to a single infant each year, although twins occasionally occur. The gestation period is about 133 days. The father carries the infant from the time it is one or two days old, passing it to the mother for nursing. Average interbirth interval for the mother is 271 days.
The gray-handed night monkey is listed as "vulnerable" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). It is believed to be particularly threatened in Colombia. This is in part due to habitat loss, but also because many were captured in the 1960s and 1970s for malaria research.

</doc>
<doc id="20847939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847939" title="Kuwait's foreign worker sponsorship system">
Kuwait's foreign worker sponsorship system

Kuwait's foreign worker sponsorship system mandates that expatriates must be sponsored by a local employer to get a work permit. In August 2008, MP Abdullah Al-Roumi declared that he was going to draft a law to scrap Kuwait’s "kafeel" foreign worker sponsorship system: "The government should be the only kafeel... We have scores of bachelors residing in Kuwait with an equal number of crimes. Many are caused due to the 'trading with humans' issue which taints the reputation of Kuwait." 

</doc>
<doc id="20847961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847961" title="2003 Speedway World Cup Event 1">
2003 Speedway World Cup Event 1

The 2003 Speedway World Cup Event 1 was the first race of the 2003 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 3, 2003 in the in Holsted, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20847962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847962" title="Kuwait's Denmark boycott">
Kuwait's Denmark boycott

Kuwait's Denmark boycott was launched in response to the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy. In February 2008, MP Abdullah Al-Roumi called for an end to the boycott and was quoted as saying, "No Muslim can accept this insult against the Prophet... It is a form of terrorism." 

</doc>
<doc id="20847966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847966" title="Allcard v Skinner">
Allcard v Skinner

Allcard v Skinner (1887) 36 Ch D 145 is an English contract law case dealing with undue influence. It is one of the leading cases in the area and in English unjust enrichment law.
Facts.
Miss Allcard was introduced by the Revd Mr Nihill to Miss Skinner, a lady superior of a religious order named "Protestant Sisters of the Poor". She had to observe vows of poverty and obedience. Three days after becoming a member, Miss Allcard made a will bequeathing all property to Miss Skinner, and passed on railway stock that she came into possession of in 1872 and 1874. She then claimed the money back after she left the sisterhood.
Judgment.
Lindley LJ, held that she was unduly influenced but barred by laches from getting restitution. And in any case she would only have been able to recover as much of the gift as remained in the defendant’s hands after some of it had been spent in accordance with her wishes.
Cotton LJ said,

</doc>
<doc id="20847973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847973" title="Psalm 15">
Psalm 15

Psalm 15 is the 15th psalm of the Book of Psalms.

</doc>
<doc id="20847994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20847994" title="Valamara">
Valamara

Valamara is large mountain in eastern Albania. It has a number of peaks, the highest of which is "Maja e Valamarës", which reaches a height of . Near the main ridge of Valamara there are very few trees whereas on Valamaras lower slopes there are abundant amounts of forests. On the south of Valamara are found many large glacial lakes which are a great tourist attraction. 

</doc>
<doc id="20848006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848006" title="Tredegar Town F.C.">
Tredegar Town F.C.

Tredegar Town Football Club are a football club based in Tredegar, in Wales. The club currently plays in the Welsh Football League Division Three which is the fourth tier of the Welsh football league system in South Wales.
External links.
Football Association of Wales page

</doc>
<doc id="20848011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848011" title="Sevag">
Sevag

Sevag (, ) is a popular masculine given name used in Armenian. It means "black eye" and is a compound word formed by the lexemes "sev" (meaning black) and "ag" (meaning eye). It is often also used in old royal Armenian-Dutch families.

</doc>
<doc id="20848019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848019" title="Otto Gieseke">
Otto Gieseke

Otto Gieseke was a Brigadeführer (Brigadier General) and Generalmajor of Polizei in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. Gieseke was awarded the Knight's Cross when in command of the 1st SS Polizei Schutzen Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="20848028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848028" title="AMF Bowling World Lanes">
AMF Bowling World Lanes

AMF Bowling World Lanes is a sports video game developed by Front Line Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks on November 18, 2008 for the Wii video game console. It is the second AMF Bowling game on the Wii after AMF Bowling Pinbusters!
Gameplay.
In "AMF Bowling World Lanes", the player uses the Wii Remote to bowl bowling balls in games played against the AI. When preparing to bowl a ball, the player can choose to throw the ball several seconds after their character has walked up to the line during their approach. The game comes with several characters that players can use and locations where players can bowl. There is also a guy called George with a long beard who you can play as only after bowling 3 perfect games. Characters include a Scottish person that wears a kilt who bowls with his plaid ball, and a Brazilian soccer player who bowls with a black and white ball. "AMF Bowling World Lanes" also contains several bowling mini-games.
Reception.
The game received an aggregated score of 25% at Metacritic. "AMF Bowling World Lanes" was given a score of 2.5 of 10 from video game critic website IGN. Their review criticized the graphics, asking "if you're going to sell a bowling game, put some effort into making it close to Wii Bowling. Please," and calling the graphics for the characters and locations "flat out bad". They were also disappointed with what they considered character one-liners that emphasized unnecessary stereotypes, along with poor controls which they believed made the game more difficult to control. IGN compared "AMF Bowling World Lanes" to the bowling component of "Wii Sports" several times, noting, "it's still not anywhere close to the quality of Wii Sports Bowling, a free game included with every Wii system in North America." 

</doc>
<doc id="20848030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848030" title="Sudan African National Union">
Sudan African National Union

The Sudan African National Union (SANU) (Juba Arabic: اتحاد الوطنى الافريقى السودان "Ettihad Al-Wataniy Al-Afriqiy Al-Sudan") is a political party formed in 1963 by Fr. Saturnino Lohure and William Deng Nhial in Uganda. In the late 1960s the party contested elections in Sudan seeking autonomy for South Sudan within a federal structure. The exile branch of the party meanwhile supported full independence. A party with this name was represented in the Southern Sudan legislature in 2008.
Origins.
Some time after the army took power in 1958, William Deng fled into exile, as did other southern politicians including Fr. Saturnino Ohure, Joseph Oduho and Alexis Bakumba.
Saturnino Ohure and Joseph Oduho moved from Uganda to Kinshasa, Zaire, where they were joined by William Deng and founded the Sudan African Closed Districts National Union (SACDNU) in 1962.
The exiles moved back to Kampala in Uganda in 1963 and shortened the movement's name to Sudan African National Union (SANU).
Joseph Oduho was the first president of SANU (1962-1964).
The new name was designed to show solidarity with other African nationalist movements of the period.
Party in exile.
In Kampala, SANU became the voice of the 60,000 refugees who had fled to camps in Zaire and Uganda, but was unable to establish a political presence in Sudan.
The SANU leaders did manage to organize a loose guerrilla movement, the Anyanya, which began operating in Equatoria in 1963, conducting isolated raids and largely remaining independent of the politicians in Kampala.
Attempt at democracy.
In February 1965 William Deng split with the exiled SANU leaders and returned to Sudan, causing a split into SANU-inside and SANU-outside wings, with Deng leading the "inside" wing and Aggrey Jadein leading the "outside" wing.
SANU was formally registered as a political party in Sudan at a rally in Omdurman on 11 April 1965 attended by about 2,000 southerners. 
Deng's wing of SANU and the Southern Front, a mass organization led by Stanislaus Paysama, contested the April 1965 parliamentary elections. SANU was an active force in Sudanese politics for the next four years, advocating southern autonomy within a federal structure.
In the 1968 election, William Deng won his seat by a landslide, but was assassinated just as the results were announced.
Later years.
The exiled SANU leaders did not accept Deng's moderate approach, and formed the Azania Liberation Front in Kampala, Uganda.
Between 1965 and 1967 Joseph Oduho was president of the Azania Liberation Front. He finally broke with the exile groups in 1971 due to disagreement with Joseph Lagu, commander of the Anyanya guerrilla fighters, who wanted to subordinate the political wing of the movement to the military wing.
Oduho was committed to the unity of Southern Sudan, while Lagu wanted to withdraw into a smaller "Equatoria" region.
Deng was the father of Nhial Deng Nhial, the current South Sudan Minister for Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) Affairs. 
The party advocated self-determination and independence for the south. The current Chairperson of SANU is Dr. Toby Maduot. SANU has 4 members in the Southern Sudan Legislative Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20848039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848039" title="Michel Teychenné">
Michel Teychenné

Michel Teychenné (born 22 July 1957 in Foix, Ariège) is a French politician and a former Member of the European Parliament for the south-west of France. He is a member of the Socialist Party, which is part of the Party of European Socialists.
He entered the European Parliament in October 2008, after the resignation of Robert Navarro, up until the 2009 elections.
A local councillor in Pamiers, Ariège, he is openly gay. He has claimed to be discriminated against for being gay in the 2010 regional elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20848041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848041" title="IIT Madrid">
IIT Madrid

IIT ("Instituto de Investigación Tecnológica") is the research institute of the ICAI School of Engineering of the Comillas Pontifical University in Madrid, Spain. IIT stands in Spanish for 'Institute for Research in Technology'. It was established in 1984.
It conducts research and postgraduate training in diverse technological fields. It is financed through participation in specific projects of interest for industry, and responds to a clear social demand.

</doc>
<doc id="20848047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848047" title="2003 Speedway World Cup Event 2">
2003 Speedway World Cup Event 2

The 2003 Speedway World Cup Event 2 was the second race of the 2003 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 4, 2003 in Outrup, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20848051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848051" title="Charmed board games">
Charmed board games

Seven official board game adaptations of the cult television series "Charmed" have been released.
"Charmed: The Book of Shadows" (2001).
Charmed: The Book of Shadows is the first official board game for the television series "Charmed" to be released. It was developed by Fox Consumer Products and the French company Tilsit Editions, and was published in 2001 by Tilsit, Clash of Arms and Fox around the world. The game is vaguely based on the first season of the television series, and features publicity photographs for the first season on the game and the box.
Storyline.
The Book of Shadows is a source of great mystical power. In the hands of a good being, it can be used to banish a great number of evils. In the hands of a demon, however, the Book's powers will be used for destruction and could be the downfall of humanity. The Halliwell sisters are the wardens of the Book and use it to combat the forces of darkness. Hordes of demons covet the Book, hoping to rule the world with its help. The Halliwell sisters, with the help of Leo Wyatt, their whitelighter, must do all they can to keep the Book of Shadows from falling in demonic hands.
Gameplay.
Players take on the roles of Prue, Piper, Phoebe or Leo in their struggle for the protection of the Book of Shadows. The player must acquire all the necessary powers to destroy each demon in order to save the Book of Shadows. However, the further the player advance towards their goal, the more difficult the it becomes to vanquish the demons.
"Charmed: The Source".
Charmed: The Source is the second official board game for the television series "Charmed" to be released. It was developed by the News Corporation Company, Fox Consumer Products and the French company Tilsit Editions, and was published in 2003 by Fox Consumer Products, Tilsit and Clash of Arms around the world. The game is based on the first-half of the fourth season of the television series, and features publicity photographs for the fourth season on the game and the box.
Storyline.
The Source of All Evil is the dominant power of evil in the "Charmed" universe. It strives to install its reign of terror over the world by leading hoards of demons in its attempt to enslave humanity. Only one obstacle blocks its path: it must eliminate the Charmed Ones and take hold of their powers. When Prue died, the Source was certain it had overcome the Power of the Three, but now the Charmed circle has be reconstituted and their powers strengthened. The Source can no longer send lesser demons against them, it must personally intervene to put an end to the Halliwell Sisters. Piper, Phoebe and Paige must once again vanquish the forces of evil to overcome the Source.
It is based on the storylines of the first half of the fourth season in that it takes place after the death of Prue Halliwell and sees the Charmed Ones, along with Cole Turner, fighting against The Source.
Gameplay.
Players take on the roles of the main characters Piper, Phoebe, Paige and Cole in their battle against the Source. They must unmask the Source's lieutenants and eliminate them before you can ultimately face the Source itself. Players must work quickly to prevent the Source finding a way to overcome the Power of the Three and win the Game.
"Charmed: The Power of Three".
Charmed: The Power of Three is the third official board game for the television series "Charmed" to be released. It was developed by Fox Consumer Products and the French company Tilsit Editions, and was published in 2005 by Tilsit and Fox around the world, but primarily in France where it is known as Charmed: Le Pouvoir des Trois. The game is based on the second-half of the fourth season of the television series, and features publicity photographs for the fourth season on the game and the cover box.
Storyline.
The Charmed Ones are gifted with the Power of Three, a force which makes them unstoppable in their crusade against evil. However, the leading forces of the Underworld, all three of which have at some point become The Source, frequently attempt to steal the Power of Three from the Halliwells to prevent themselves from being vanquished.
Gameplay.
The players strive to obtain the coveted Power of Three. Each player is one of the characters from "Charmed", either one of the three Charmed Ones (Piper, Phoebe or Paige), or one of the three leaders of the Underworld (The Source, Cole Turner or The Seer). The players act in teams, using the unique powers of their characters to overcome their adversaries.
Canonical issues.
This board game slightly breaks from the established canon of the "Charmed" universe in that Cole Turner is working with both The Source and The Seer. In season four, after the introduction of Paige as an active Charmed One, Cole only reverted to being evil "after" the first on-screen Source (the "half-faced" Source) was vanquished by the Halliwells.
"Charmed Action Quiz".
The Charmed Action Quiz: is the fifth official board game for the television series Charmed to be released. It was developed by Fox Consumer Products and the French company Tilsit Editions, and was published in 2005 by Tilsit and Fox around the world, but primarily in France where it is known as Charmed: La Prophétie. The game is based on the 5th season of the television series,and features publicity photographs for the 5th season on the game and the cover box.
"Charmed: The Prophecy".
Charmed The Prophecy: is the fourth official board game
for the television series "Charmed" to be released.
It was developed by Fox Consumer Products and the French company 
Tilsit Editions, and was published in 2005 by Tilsit
and Fox around the world, but primarily in France where it is 
known as Charmed: La Prophétie. The 
game is based on the 
sixth season of the television series, and 
features publicity photographs for the sixth 
season on the game and the cover box.
Storyline.
The ancient prophets announced the arrival of a child with extraordinary powers. The son of a witch and a being of light. A child whose legacy has the greatest power and who will impose his power on the world. The prophecy states he will reign in the Underworld and dominate the earth.
This child is Wyatt Halliwell, the son of Piper and Leo. The Halliwell sisters having found the Prophecy decided to prevent its completion by protecting Wyatt against any negative influences. The demons, however, attempt to take the child to corrupt him and raise him in their tradition. Behind the scenes, Gideon, one of the Elders, can not run the risk of the prophecy being fulfilled, and attempts to destroy the child.
Gameplay.
Players embody the main characters, Piper, Phoebe, Paige, Leo, and Chris in their fight to protect Wyatt. They must vanquish the demons and prevent them from corrupting Wyatt. They must also be alert as, in the shadows, Gideon will act, and it could cost players the game.
The box contains: 
"Zauberhafte Kreationen".
Magical creation, a jewelry making kit

</doc>
<doc id="20848057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848057" title="D'Antoni">
D'Antoni

D'Antoni is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20848061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848061" title="1994 FIFA World Cup Group E">
1994 FIFA World Cup Group E

Group E of the 1994 FIFA World Cup was one of six groups of four teams competing at the 1994 World Cup in the United States. The first match was played 18 June 1994 and the final games took place simultaneously on 28 June 1994.
The group consisted of Italy, Republic of Ireland, Mexico, and Norway. Mexico won the group, Republic of Ireland finished second on head-to-head with third-placed Italy, and they qualified as one of the best third-placed teams. It is the only group in World Cup history in which all four teams finished with the same number of points.
"All times local (EDT/, CDT/, PDT/)"

</doc>
<doc id="20848063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848063" title="Ministry of Industry and Trade (Tanzania)">
Ministry of Industry and Trade (Tanzania)

The Ministry of Industry and Trade is a government ministry of Tanzania. Its offices are located in Dar es Salaam. The Minister of Industry and Trade is Abdallah Kigoda.

</doc>
<doc id="20848092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848092" title="MV British Dragoon">
MV British Dragoon

British Dragoon was a 9,909 ton tanker which was built as Empire Alliance in 1943. She was renamed "British Dragoon" in 1945, and scrapped in 1962.
History.
"Empire Alliance" was built by Sir James Laing & Sons Ltd, Sunderland as yard number 747. She was launched on 8 March 1943 and completed in June 1943. "Empire Alliance" was built for the Ministry of War Transport and operated under the management of the Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Co, London and later the British Tanker Company.
War service.
"Empire Alliance" was a member of a number of convoys during the Second World War.
Convoy HX 251 departed New York on 7 August 1943 and arrived at Liverpool on 23 August. "Empire Alliance" was carrying a cargo of gas, bound for Avonmouth.
Convoy UGS 34 which departed Hampton Roads on 23 February 1944 bound for Port Said. "Empire Alliance" transferred to another convoy at sea on 13 March.
"Empire Alliance" joined Convoy GUS 33 at sea from Convoy UGS 34 on 13 March 1944. The convoy had departed Port Said on 5 March 1944 bound for Hampton Roads. On 14 March she left the convoy bound for Algiers.
Convoy UGS 40 departed Norfolk, Virginia on 22 April 1944. On 11 May the convoy was bound for Bizerta, Tunisia when it came under air attack. Seventeen enemy aircraft were shot down without any of the ships in the convoy being lost.
Postwar.
In 1945, "Empire Alliance" was sold to the British Tanker Company who renamed her "British Dragoon". On 18 January 1951, "British Dragoon" was in collision with the Spanish ship , which sank. The collision occurred off Cape Espichel, Portugal. Thirty-six survivors were rescued by "British Dragoon", which suffered some damage but managed to reach Lisbon safely. She served until 1962, arriving at Blyth for scrapping in 12 December 1962.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Alliance" had the UK Official Number 169117 and used the Code Letters BFJD.

</doc>
<doc id="20848104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848104" title="Transit Eastern Ontario">
Transit Eastern Ontario

Transit Eastern Ontario (TEO) () is a commuter bus service which operates from communities along the Highway 417 corridor, east of Ottawa in Eastern Ontario, Canada. The main destinations are Canadian federal government office complexes in Ottawa and in Gatineau across the river in the Outaouais region.
"The North Glengarry Prescott Russell (NGPR) Transport Board", composed of representatives of the member municipalities, is the incorporated public body responsible for the transit service which is operated by private contractors. Initial funding for this project was provided by the counties of Prescott-Russell and Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry with operating costs being covered by the Village of Casselman, Township of North Glengarry and The Nation Municipality, the communities being served. 
Services.
The route numbers are part of the "Rural Partners Transit Service" of OC Transpo. All routes serve Downtown Ottawa and the Place du Portage complex in Gatineau. 

</doc>
<doc id="20848114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848114" title="Ginette">
Ginette

Ginette may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20848118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848118" title="E.E.E. Sassoon High School">
E.E.E. Sassoon High School

Eliza Ezra Ezekiel Sassoon High School (or E.E.E. Sassoon High School), Mumbai, India. It is an English medium school recognised by the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, Mumbai Division. 
It was established as a Jewish school more than a century ago in the Magen David Synagogue compound that was built in 1864 by Sir David Sassoon as part of other philanthropic projects. It belongs to the Baghdadi Jews community and opened its doors to all communities as the Jewish population in Bombay dwindled. 
The school is located in a predominantly Muslim area of Byculla in Mumbai, alongside Sir Jacob Sassoon High School set within the same compound. Built by Sir David Sassoon, it is one of the remnants of the days of the Baghdadi Jews in Mumbai. Solomon Sopher, is the chairman and managing trustee of E.E.E. Sassoon High School Trust along with Sir Jacob Sassoon and Allied Trusts.
It was awarded recognition by the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, giving it SSC Board examination status in 1984. The demographic structure of student body is 98% Muslim. The school is run by a Jewish trust, has been mostly headed by a Catholic christian, the principal is a Hindu and teaching staff are mostly Hindus, while the majority of students are Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="20848127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848127" title="New Netherland settlements">
New Netherland settlements

New Netherland, or "Nieuw-Nederland" in Dutch, was the 17th century colonial province of the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands on northeastern coast of North America. The claimed territory were the lands from the Delmarva Peninsula to southern Cape Cod. Settled areas are now part of Mid-Atlantic states of New York, New Jersey, Delaware, with small out posts in Connecticut, and Pennsylvania. Its capital, New Amsterdam, was located at the southern tip of the island of Manhattan on the Upper New York Bay. 
Initially explored in 1609 by Henry Hudson, sailing on an expedition for the Dutch East India Company, the region was later surveyed and charted, and in 1614 given its name. The Dutch named the three main rivers of the province the "Zuyd Rivier" or "South River (Delaware River)", the "Noort Rivier" or "North River (Hudson River)", and the "Versche Rivier" or "Fresh River (Connecticut River)", and intended to use them to gain access to the interior, the indigenous population, and the lucrative fur trade.
International law required not only discovery and charting but also settlement to perfect a territorial claim. Large scale settlement was rejected in favor of formula that was working in Asia, namely establishing factorijen (trading posts with a military presence and a small support community). Despite never-ending wars on the European continent, it was also the time known as the Dutch Golden Age, and it was difficult to recruit people willing to leave the economic boom and cultural vibrancy of Europe. Mismanagement and underfunding by the Dutch West India Company, and misunderstandings and armed conflict with indigenous population hindered early settlement. Liberalization of trade, a degree of self-rule, and the loss of Dutch Brazil led to exponential growth in the 1650s. Transfers of power from the Netherlands to England, the last formalized in 1674, were peaceful in the province.
Forts and Factorijen.
During the first decade the first of two Fort Nassaus was built in Mahican territory, and "factorijen", or small trading post went up (at Schenectady, Schoharie, Esopus, Quinnipiac, Communipaw, Ninigret, Totoket and elsewhere), where commerce could be conducted with Native American population. Trapper Jan Rodrigues is believed to be the first recorded non-Native American to winter on the island of Manhattan in 1611.
Nut Island.
In 1621, the States General, the government of the Dutch Republic, awarded the newly formed Dutch West India Company a trade monopoly for the region, and
in 1624 New Netherland became a province of the Dutch Republic. Initially the South River, believed to have better climate, was chosen as site of the capital, but summer humidity and mosquitos, and winter freezing, made North River, more appealing. A number of ships broughts settlers to the New World, at first to Noten Island, and soon thereafter at the tip of Manhattan, construction was started of Fort Amsterdam, around which would grow the heart of the colony. Small groups of the early arrivals were dispersed upstream to Fort Orange, to the south Fort Wilhelmus, or to Kievets Hoek, the latter two of which were later recalled. Among those who made the crossing were many Walloons and 11 Africans (as company-owned slaves).
Patroonships.
In 1629, the company introduced inducements known as the Charter of Freedoms and Exemptions, commonly known as the "patroon system". Invested members who were willing to fulfill certain conditions, including the transport and settlement of at least 50 persons, would receive vasts land patents and manorial rights, not dissimilar than that of a feudal lord. A number of attempts were made, the only one of substantial success being the Manor of Rensselaerswyck. Pavonia, across the river from New Amsterdam, was returned to WIC and became a company managed holding. In 1640 company policy was changed and allowed land purchases by individuals in good standing.
South River.
Another patroon patent, Zwaanendael Colony, was site of first Dutch colonial settlement on the Zuyd Rivier but was soon plundered after its founding in 1631. After 1638, settlement was mostly by those built in officially "unrecognized" New Sweden and were brought under New Netherland control in 1655, when Fort Casimir was built. In 1663, Pieter Corneliszoon Plockhoy attempted to create a "utopian" settlement in the region but it soon expired under English rule.
Fresh River.
Shortly after constructing their first settlement on the island of Manhattan, the Dutch established a short-lived factorij trading post at Kievits Hoek, or "Plover's Corner" (present day Old Saybrook). It was soon abandoned as the Dutch began to focus more on their new trading post on the Fresh River. Fort Huis de Goed Hoop was completed in 1633. Soon after, some miles upriver, a town was established by settlers from the English Massachusetts Colony who, in 1639, formed the colony of the Plantacons of the Connecticott River. The New Haven Colony soon followed. In 1650, Petrus Stuyvesant attempted to contain further incursion to the area and, in the Treaty of Hartford, agreed to a border 50 miles west of the river. This did some not stem the flow of New Englanders 
to Long Island or the mainland along its sound.
North River.
At the mouth of the North River grew the port called, in the vernacular of the day, The Manhattans. The capital of the province, New Amsterdam received its municipal charter in 1652, and included the isle of Manhattan, Staaten Eylandt, Pavonia, and the Lange Eylandt towns, including Gravesend, Breuckelen, and Nieuw Amersfoort
In the same year a municipal charter was also granted to Beverwijck which had grown from a trading post to a bustling town in the midst of Rensselaerswyck. In 1657, the homesteads scattered along the west bank of the river valley in Esopus country were required to build a garrison that became the province's third largest town, Wiltwijk.
The Dutch Belt.
It was after the final transfer of power to the English (with the Treaty of Westminster) that settlers to New Netherland and their descendents spread across the region and established many of the towns and cities which exist today. The Dutch Reformed Church played an important role this expansion. Following the course of the Hudson River in the north via New York Harbor to the Raritan River in the south, settlement and population grew along what George Washington called the "Dutch Belt".
Demographics.
Population estimates do not include Native Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20848140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848140" title="Truck Hannah">
Truck Hannah

James Harrison "Truck" Hannah (June 5, 1889 – April 27, 1982) was a Major League Baseball catcher who also had a lengthy minor league career.
Hannah played 3 seasons with the New York Yankees (1918–1920). He had 173 career hits in 736 at bats. He also had 5 home runs. 
Hannah's minor league playing career extended from 1909, when he played for Tacoma of the Northwestern League, through 1940, when he played for Memphis of the Southern Association.
Hannah managed for seven seasons in the minor leagues, serving as player-manager of the Los Angeles Angels of the Pacific Coast League during 1937-38-39. He is a member of the Pacific Coast League Hall of Fame.
Truck Hannah played himself in two Paramount films, "Warming Up" (1928, one of Paramount's first talkies), and "Fast Company". He was the father of Helen Hannah Campbell (1916-2013), who was a chaperone for tne Muskegon Lassies in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.

</doc>
<doc id="20848157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848157" title="List of regional football leagues in Argentina">
List of regional football leagues in Argentina

The following is a list of regional football leagues in Argentina sorted by province.

</doc>
<doc id="20848165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848165" title="2003 Speedway World Cup Event 3">
2003 Speedway World Cup Event 3

The 2003 Speedway World Cup Event 3 was the third race of the 2003 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 5, 2003 in Holsted, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20848187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848187" title="List of Italian films of 2009">
List of Italian films of 2009

A list of films produced in Italy in 2009 (see 2009 in film):

</doc>
<doc id="20848210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848210" title="Scott Flying Squirrel">
Scott Flying Squirrel

The Scott Flying Squirrel was a motorcycle made by The Scott Motorcycle Company between 1926 and the outbreak of World War II.
Development.
The "Squirrel" name was used for Scott motorcycles since 1921 but with the death of the founder Alfred Angas Scott in 1923 the unorthodox Scott two-stroke motorcycles began to become more conventional. Development of the three-speed Scott Flying Squirrel began in 1922 as the company was in severe debt and faced receivership. Launched at the 1926 Earls Court motorcycle show, the Flying Squirrel was expensive - nearly twice the cost of a sporting four-stroke motorcycle of the time. The unique water-cooled circulation used a convection method known as the thermosyphon system. The bottom end block was painted either green or red for racing or road respectively and featured a centrally positioned flywheel, twin inboard main bearings, overhung crankpins and doors to enable ease of access to the engine. The redesigned three-speed gearbox, multi-plate clutch and the repositioned magneto were all significant improvements.
In 1929 Scott achieved third place in the Isle of Man TT and launched a road going TT Replica Flying Squirrel. Following cost cutting the factory also launched a basic touring model in 1929 for under £70. Financial problems continued, however, and in 1931 Scott were unable to enter the TT or the Earls Court show. A three-cylinder prototype was developed but Scotts lacked the resources to develop it and on the outbreak of World War II production ended.
Between 1935 and 1938 the factory at Shipley in Yorkshire produced the B2592 air-cooled Aero engine, based on the Scott Flying Squirrel motorcycle unit. A version was also specifically developed to power the notoriously dangerous Flying Flea aircraft. 
In 1950 the rights were bought by the Birmingham based Aerco Company and in 1956 they produced what are known as the "Birimingham Scotts".

</doc>
<doc id="20848211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848211" title="All Saints Abbey, Lund">
All Saints Abbey, Lund

All Saints Abbey was one of Denmark's earliest religious houses located in Lund, Scania, at the time part of Denmark, now southern Sweden.
History.
There is disagreement between scholars as to how long the Benedictines had a monastery at Lund. There was a monastic house in Lund perhaps as early as 1072 founded by Ricwald, Bishop of Lund (1072-1089) during the reign of King Sweyn Estridsson who imported German monks from Brauweiler Abbey near Cologne. Bishop Ricwalf is named as the founder of the abbey church sometime after 1072 in the 'Lund Necrologium'. It may be that the church was constructed on one of the properties given to Lund diocese by King Canute IV of Denmark in the first year of his reign. The small community of mostly German Benedictine monks at Lund apparently flourished because Abbot Hartwig from St. Pantaleon's Abbey in Cologne, Germany was named as the first abbot of the Benedictine house at Lund in 1123.
An important historic source for All Saints is the 'Necrologium Lundensis', essentially an obituary book kept by monks at All Saints. The data is used by some scholars to indicate the earliest date for the founding of All Saints.
All Saints Abbey was constructed just outside the wall of Lund about 1138, the year Bishop Eskil was elevated to Archbishop of Lund by Pope Innocent II. The abbey was consecrated to Our Lady and All Saints, but quickly became known simply as, 'All Saints Abbey'.
The complex consisted of a three range set of buildings connected to the abbey church. Monks slept in the dormitory and ate in the refectory with large cellars located beneath. One wing was for the use of the lay brothers who did much of the work of the abbey. Another range contained the abbey's library and scriptorium, though not a single manuscript from all Saints has survived.
One of the most significant events to take place at All Saints was a general chapter with representatives from all of Denmark's Benedictine houses convened by Archbishop Sunesen to discuss the decline of obedience to the 'rule of St. Benedict'. The abbot of All Saints was chosen to be the 'Father abbot of the order in Denmark and a general chapter meeting called every third year. All saints became the preeminent Benedictine house in Denmark during the Middle Ages. It enjoyed royal and noble patronage, though it often changed sides in the conflicts between kings and church during the tumultuous 1200's.
All Saints grew in wealth from centuries of donations of income-producing properties for burial within the confines of the abbey church, services for recently departed family members, from wills, and cash donations for building or specific abbey projects.
By the 1520s things began to change. Lutheran preachers were encouraging Danes to reject their long tradition of Catholic beliefs, customs, and institutions. Lund was the headquarters of the Catholic Church in Denmark, and became a pawn in the struggle between Lutherans and Catholics. Christian II, the last Catholic king of Denmark was deposed and replaced by Frederik I. In 1525 the peasants in Skaane rebelled in an effort to restore Christian II to the throne. The peasants were crushed by Frederik's army at Lund. Many of the rebels fled into the cathedral for sanctuary, but the general ordered the leaders dragged from the cathedral and executed on the spot.
Upon Frederik's death the succession was contested and the result was a civil war between Catholics and Lutherans known as the Counts' Feud (Danish: "Grevens Fejde"). Once again Scania rose for the Catholic side, but were defeated. Christian III, a staunch Lutheran, became the undisputed king of Denmark in 1535. The next year Christian and the State Council (Danish: "rigsraad") voted to accept the Lutheran Ordinances, thereby, making Denmark a Lutheran state. All religious houses and their income properties fell to the crown. Christian apparently wanted to make an example of Lund, so he systematically closed the monasteries and superfluous churches by 1600, most of them had been torn down or put to other uses. Building materials from the demolition was used for construction of other structures throughout Skaane. All Saints Abbey was demolished and most of its archive destroyed by looters from the town.
There are no remnants of Lund's oldest monastic house.
Sources.
[http://scania.hist.lu.se] 'Alhelgens Kloster i Lund'.
'Necrologium Lundensis'

</doc>
<doc id="20848224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848224" title="Căile Ferate Române main lines">
Căile Ferate Române main lines

The nine main lines owned by the Romanian national rail transport company Căile Ferate Române represent the most circulated lines in Romania. CFR's entire rail networks has 13,807 km and with the 6,923 km of rail lines in railway stations has a total network of 20,730 km.
History.
The first railway line on Romania's present-day territory was opened on August 20, 1854 and ran between Oraviţa in Banat and Baziaş, a port on the Danube. The line, which had a length of 62.5 km, was used solely for the transportation of coal. From January 12, 1855, the line was operated by Imperial Royal Privileged Austrian State Railway Company, the Banat province being at that time part of the Austrian Empire. After several improvements in the following months, the line was opened to passenger traffic from November 1, 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="20848231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848231" title="Berwick-upon-Tweed Power Station">
Berwick-upon-Tweed Power Station

Berwick Power Station was a small coal-fired power station situated at the mouth of the River Tweed, at Berwick-upon-Tweed in Northumberland, North East England.
The station was constructed in the 1930s to generate electricity for the town. The station's main building, which consisted of a boiler house and turbine hall, stood at two stories tall. The station was designed to fit in with the town walls, and so constructed in stone. The main building was a triple gabled building, with irregular windows. It had frontage onto the river for easy access to condensing water and coal delivery.
After ceasing to generate electricity, the generating equipment was removed and the building was used as a storehouse. The building was eventually demolished in the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20848235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848235" title="Little Sofia">
Little Sofia

Little Sofia (, "Malka Sofia" or Мала София, "Mala Sofia"; , "Mikri Sofia") is a designation applied to localities outside the modern borders of Bulgaria; it is used to emphasize the population's strong Bulgarian national identity. The term most often refers to villages in what are today the Republic of Macedonia (Vardar Macedonia) and Greek Macedonia (Aegean Macedonia). In the context of Macedonia, such villages often lie in otherwise Grecoman and Serboman areas.
The name "Little Sofia" was used pejoratively by the Grecoman and Serboman population as well as Serbia and Greece's armed propaganda and later those nations' authorities in parts of the region. For the local Bulgarian-identifying population, the name came to be a symbol of ethnic pride.

</doc>
<doc id="20848262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848262" title="NER Class W1">
NER Class W1

The NER Class W1 was a 4-6-2T steam locomotive of the North Eastern Railway. The class was introduced in 1914 as a rebuild of Wilson Worsdell's NER Class W 4-6-0T (introduced 1907). On being acquired by the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923 the W1s were re-classified A6. The information in the infobox (right) is taken from sources.
Modifications.
Seven of the locomotives were fitted with superheaters between 1937 and 1944.
British Railways.
One locomotive was withdrawn in 1947 but the remaining nine passed to British Railways in 1948 and were numbered as follows:
This seems to conflict with the claim that seven locomotives were fitted with superheaters but, possibly, the superheater was removed from one locomotive. This might have happened when a boiler was changed.
Withdrawal.
One locomotive was withdrawn in 1947 and the others had all been withdrawn by the end of 1951. None are preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20848279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848279" title="Battle of Salzbach">
Battle of Salzbach

The Battle of Salzbach was fought July 27, 1675, between the armies of France and the Holy Roman Empire, during the Franco-Dutch War. The battle was won by the French, but at a high cost: the great French marshal, the Vicomte de Turenne, was killed in the fighting. 

</doc>
<doc id="20848293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848293" title="Trygve Johannessen">
Trygve Johannessen

Trygve Johannessen (born 11 January 1953) is a former Norwegian footballer. He is best known for his time at Viking, with whom he won four league titles and one cup between 1974-1982. He scored a total of 181 goals in 312 games for Viking (these numbers include friendlies).
Johannessen had many youth caps when he moved from Florvåg to Viking in the summer of 1974. Viking paid somewhat less than for the player, at a time when money was seen as taboo in Norwegian football. Johannessen played well to hold his place in the team, and was for many years Viking's top scorer. He became top goalscorer in the first division with 17 goals in 1977 and 11 goals in 1982.
After a couple of seasons in the reserves at Viking, Johannessen was sold to neighbours Vidar in 1981. Here he was an unrivalled success. In the course of a season, he scored 56 goals and helped Vidar to promotion to the Second Division. In 1982, he returned to Viking. He won his fifth title with the club and together with Ham-Kam's Tor Arne Granerud he was top scorer with eleven goals.
In 1983 he returned to Vidar again, where he stayed for two seasons. Over his three seasons with Vidar, Johannessen played 109 games and scored 124 goals (including friendlies). In his first ten years of his career, Johannessen scored a total of 305 goals for the two Stavanger clubs. In 1985 he played one season for Brann and scored eleven league goals.
Johannessen finished his football career in Florvåg IF, where he started it. He later became manager of many local clubs, such as Florvåg, Løv-Ham, Follese FK and Askøy FK.
Johannessen won five caps and seven youth caps. He made his international debut against the Soviet Union on 24 September 1975. His other caps were Olympic qualifying matches in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20848312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848312" title="Lyubomudry">
Lyubomudry

Lyubomudry () were the members of the secret circle "Society of "Lyubomudriye"" (Общество любомудрия) which existed in Russia in 1823-1825. "Lyubomudriye" was the Slavophile replacement term for "philosophy", i.e., the formal translations would be "Philosophers" and "The Society of Philosophy", respectively. 
The circle was interested in philosophy, aesthetics and literature. The members were of different political preferences, ranging from Decembrists to conservatives.
The circle was disbanded after the suppression of the Decembrist revolt and its papers were burned.

</doc>
<doc id="20848318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848318" title="Operation Pleshet">
Operation Pleshet

Operation Pleshet (, "Mivtza Pleshet", lit. "Operation Philistia"), named after the geographical region where it took place, was an Israeli military operation during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. It was carried out from May 29 to June 3, 1948, in the Isdud/Ad Halom area of the southern front, against the Egyptian Army. The aim of the operation was to capture Isdud and stop the Egyptian advance northwards. While only the June 2–3 engagements are officially named Operation Pleshet, the events immediately preceding are historiographically joined with it.
The preceding events consisted of an aerial bombardment, followed by small-scale Israeli harassment of the Egyptian lines, and later a ground assault (Operation Pleshet). The original plan was to attack on June 1–2, but this was canceled due to an impending ceasefire, and re-attempted on June 2–3. The Israelis, under the Givati Brigade's umbrella command, attacked in two main forces: one from the north (3 companies) and one from the south (4 reinforced companies). The Israelis had little intelligence on their enemy and were forced to retreat. They failed to capture territory, and suffered heavy casualties. However, following the operation, Egypt changed its strategy from offensive to defensive, thus halting their advance northwards.
Two unsettled historiographic debates exist revolving around the operation: whether the Egyptians were intending to advance toward Tel Aviv, which most historians agree was not the case; and whether the operation was a turning point on the Israeli southern front. Traditional Israeli historiography, supported by early Arab accounts, maintains that it was a turning point, while later Arab sources, and New Historians, dispute this.
Background.
Prior to the founding of the State of Israel, the Yishuv leadership anticipated an attack by regular Arab armies, of which Egypt's was the strongest in terms of manpower, arms and equipment. As such, Plan Dalet took stopping a potential Egyptian attack into account, and the Ad Halom (Sukrir) dual bridge over the Lakhish River was blown up as part of Operation Barak on May 12. In the eyes of the Givati command, this part of the operation was of marginal importance. A platoon from the 54th Battalion, two mules and 300 kilograms of explosives were allocated for it. The mules fled the scene, and the explosives were divided among the soldiers, who delivered them to the bridge. It took two attempts to destroy it, as some of the explosives did not work the first time.
The original bridge was built over the Lakhish River (Wadi Sukrir/Wadi Fakhira) during the Roman period, and re-built by the Ottoman Empire at the end of the 19th century. A parallel railway bridge was added when the coastal railway (Lebanon–Egypt) was laid. After numerous armed raids in the area during the 1936–1939 Arab revolt in Palestine, the British authorities set up a series of pillboxes in the area, one of them next to the bridges.
Egypt invaded the newly-declared State of Israel on May 15, 1948. Their strength was approximately one division, commanded by Major General Ahmed Ali al-Mwawi. Their advance was three-pronged: The main column moved north through what is today the Gaza Strip and attacked Kfar Darom, another column went east toward Beersheba, and a third attacked kibbutz Nirim. On May 17, a small force split off from Beersheba to link up with more Egyptian forces at Auja al-Hafir, on May 19 the main column attacked Yad Mordechai, and on May 20, the main force in Beersheba set out to link with the Jordanian Arab Legion in Hebron.
On May 21, Cairo sent an urgent message to its units in Palestine, saying "we want al-Majdal today". Following the Israeli Operation Bin Nun, on May 25, the Jordanian Arab Legion pressured the Egyptians to move northwards to the Ramla–Aqir–Yibna area, in order to connect later with the legion at Bab al-Wad. Doing so would divide the Israeli forces into two—the Negev, and the rest of Israel. The Egyptian commander al-Mwawi, was opposed to such a move, but the leadership in Cairo dismissed his worries, and on May 28 ordered a quarter of his total combat forces to move north from Majdal.
Gamal Abdel Nasser wrote in his memoirs that already by May 25, the Egyptian forces were spread so thin that they had no mobile reserves to assault a Jewish force, and considered it strange that they would be ordered to allocate a major contingent to fight in an unfamiliar area. Following-up his victory in the Battle of Yad Mordechai on May 23–24, al-Mwawi pushed north along the coast, bypassing the relatively well-defended Israeli village of Nitzanim. His column was reinforced by sea near Majdal, where he sent part of his force to the Majdal–Hebron road, hoping it would be able to link with another column, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Abd el-Aziz, south of Jerusalem. Reduced to about 2,500 men, al-Mwawi resumed his march northwards. Brigadier General Muhammad Naguib was put in charge of the column by al-Mwawi, because the original commander was on vacation in Egypt.
On the afternoon of May 29, 1948, the observation post in Nitzanim spotted an Egyptian column, including tanks, armoured fighting vehicles and artillery moving north up the coastal road. The figure it reported at 16:45 was about 1,300 vehicles, although Yehoshua Goldrat, the operations officer of the Givati Brigade, being familiar with Egyptian formations, estimated that it was a brigade with about 500 vehicles. Estimates from the General Staff stood at 200 vehicles and 2,000–3,000 soldiers. At the time, the Israeli decision makers did not know where the Egyptians were headed. They envisioned one of three possibilities: A march on Tel Aviv, about northwards—the view adopted by David Ben-Gurion; an attempt to connect to the Transjordanian Arab Legion in the Hebron area and capture the Negev—proposed by Nahum Sarig of the Negev Brigade; or an attempt to connect with the remaining Arab forces in Lydda and Ramla.
The IDF command did not see the forces in the western Negev as sufficient to fully stop an Egyptian invasion, wherever it was headed, and ordered an operation to stop or delay the advancing column. The command also feared that the Arab forces would try to create facts on the ground before the impending UN-imposed ceasefire. The two Arab forces that were considered a threat were the Iraqis in the Triangle (Jenin–Nablus–Tulkarm) and the Egyptians at Majdal–Isdud. Thus, Golani and Carmeli were to attack Jenin, Alexandroni was to harass Tulkarm, and Givati was to attack Isdud.
Prelude.
At 11:00 on May 29, the Egyptian 2nd Battalion passed through Isdud, and at 12:00–13:00, the 9th Battalion took the village itself, their progress hampered only by occasional machine gun fire from Nitzanim. Later on the same day, the 2nd Battalion stopped at the Lakhish River, about north of Isdud. The Egyptians began preparations to cross the river by erecting a Bailey bridge. Volunteers from Sudan and Saudi Arabia also joined the Isdud position.
Shimon Avidan, the commander of the Givati Brigade, which was responsible for the southern Shephelah area (including most southern Israeli villages at the time), asked to allocate forces to stop or hinder the Egyptian advance. A number of 65 mm "Napoleonchik" cannons were given to Givati, and units from the Palmach's Negev Brigade were poised to assist it, despite a severe shortage of manpower and munitions in the brigade. On May 28, Czech technicians at the Ekron Airbase finished assembling four Avia S-199 planes (a Messerschmitt variant) brought from Czechoslovakia, which were meant to harass the Egyptian air force base at El Arish, thus forming the IDF's first fighter squadron. Despite being untested, the Chief of Operations Yigael Yadin ordered the planes to assist Avidan's forces. According to Lou Lenart, an American pilot who flew one of the fighters, Avidan told the pilots that Givati "were desperate because between the Egyptian army of ten thousand men with several hundred vehicles and Tel Aviv stood only about 250 Israeli soldiers. The Egyptians were so confident of victory that they were lined up bumper to bumper behind the bridge".
Airstrike.
At 18:00, the four fighter planes left Ekron to bomb and strafe the Egyptian lines concentrated near the bridge. Each plane had two bombs, two 13 mm machine guns and two 20 mm cannons. The pilots were Lou Lenart, Mordechai Alon (Kalibansky), Ezer Weizmann and Eddie Cohen, in that order. The attack was disorganized, and the damage it did was minimal. Lenart came from the north and dropped his bombs in the middle of Isdud. He them circled and strafed the Egyptians from the southeast and then the north again, before his cockpit was hit and he decided to return to Ekron. According to him, the cannons ceased to fire after the first ten rounds, and he began to smell cordite. Alon also made three runs, on a large concentration of vehicles south of Isdud. He returned to Ekron through the sea. Weizmann circled and attacked the Egyptians from the south, then the west, and then the south again. His cannons stopped firing after one round.
The Egyptian army unleashed its full anti-aircraft arsenal and hit Alon's plane, but he managed to crash-land unharmed at 20:05, performing a ground loop. Weizmann landed at 20:15. Eddie Cohen, a volunteer pilot from South Africa, crashed and died, although it is unknown whether he was hit by anti-aircraft fire, or a technical problem caused the plane to malfunction. A report by Dan Tolkovsky, the Israeli Air Force operations officer at the time, stated that Cohen likely attempted to land at the Hatzor Airbase instead of Ekron, where eyewitnesses saw a burning plane crashing in the distance. He was the first Israeli Air Force KIA, and was buried in Tel Aviv (Nahalat Yitzhak) after his remains were found at the end of 1949.
Even so, the Egyptians were caught by complete surprise and the attack had a profound psychological effect. This was the first time that such aircraft had been used. The Arab armies had previously had complete air superiority and had no knowledge of the existence of fighter aircraft in the Israeli Air Force. An intercepted Egyptian radio message stated: "We have been heavily attacked by enemy aircraft, we are dispersing". The official Egyptian report assessed that there were only two airplanes, and that they were Spitfires. According to Ezer Weizmann, the airplanes had not been tested before the attack, and there was no evidence that they could fly or fire their weapons. However, the pilots considered this a minor issue in light of the fact that they were making history by being the first to fly Israeli fighter planes. The combination of the appearance of the IAF, the introduction of Israeli artillery, the Israeli defenses and the threat to his flank convinced al-Mwawi to stop. He concluded that his forces were overstretched and that his positions needed to be consolidated. He left Brigadier General Muhammad Naguib in command of Isdud and ordered him to dig in.
Operations on May 30 – June 1.
Between May 29 and June 2, the Israel Defense Forces constantly bombarded the Egyptians in Isdud with "Napoleonchik" cannons and Givati patrols harassed the Egyptian lines. The 51st Battalion was tasked with laying mines along the main road near Isdud, Yavne and Hill 69. The 3rd Company of the 53rd Battalion, commanded by Yosef Geva, was tasked with harassing the enemy lines, while the 1st Company of the 54th Battalion, commanded by Aryeh Kotzer, was ordered to assault several targets. In his book "In the Fields of Philistia", Uri Avnery, who participated in the battles, wrote of the harassment operation that during those days the Egyptians were fearing an Israeli attack and were firing in all directions and launching flares in hopes of discovering their enemy.
Of the preparations, he wrote:
On the night of May 30, the 54th Battalion's 1st Company attacked the area around Isdud's railway station, but was outgunned and had to retreat with four wounded. According to the company's report, the food that was given to them was rotten and further deteriorated the soldiers' ability to fight. On May 31, the Egyptian radio described the attack as a victory, and claimed hundreds of dead Israelis. The 3rd Company was unsuccessful, as intelligence on precise Egyptian positions was sparse, while the company gave its position away quickly. An Egyptian mortar scored a direct hit on one of the company's squads, which caused casualties and panic. One of the soldiers ran for cover, but lost direction, and ended up in Isdud. He walked around the village unnoticed and found a chance to return to Givati, and provided the command with invaluable information for the operation.
On May 30, the General Staff ordered the creation of a new battalion in Givati, the 57th, that would consist of about 200 Irgunists. A hundred rifles for the battalion were provided by Givati, with 50–80 more provided by the General Staff. The brigade commander Avidan also created two new companies, one in the 54th Battalion, and one in the 55th, consisting of 80 persons each. These combined forces were tasked with the mission of capturing the Arab Yibna (May 31), although the attack never materialized because the battalion took off completely unprepared, lost its way, and returned to its starting position. Also on May 30, four light planes set out from Sde Dov Airport to bomb the area of Isdud, although only one Rapide pilot spotted his target. He could not tell if any of the bombs actually exploded.
The General Staff issued an order to attack the Egyptian positions with a force three battalions strong (from the Givati and Palmach's Negev brigades). The attack was meant to take place on the night of June 1–2, and at about midnight the units involved took up positions from which the assault was meant to take off. The 51st Battalion set up positions in the Yavne–Gan Yavne–Hatzor area, the 53rd Battalion—in the Be'er Tuvia–Kfar Warburg area, and the 54th entered a company into the Gedera–Bashit area. At the last minute, the General Staff cancelled the order because of an imminent ceasefire. The ceasefire did not take effect however, and the attack was postponed to the night of June 2–3. The Egyptians discovered the original plan, and were prepared to engage the Israeli forces.
Cancelled attack on June 1–2 and subsequent reorganizations.
The Israeli General Staff called for a full-scale assault on the Egyptian positions, but backed out at the last minute due to ceasefire talks. The General Staff's order, sent among others to the Givati, 7th and Negev brigades, estimated that the Egyptian forces consisted of 2,000 troops between Ashdod and the bridges to the north. The order called for the annihilation of the force on the night of June 1–2, first by staging a major attack on the supply lines, and later by assaulting and capturing Isdud. The command was officially given to Givati. The forces outlined were: seven Givati companies (of them three from the Irgun), three infantry companies and one Jeep regiment from Negev, three companies from Yiftach, a 65 mm artillery battery, and 4.2" and 25-pounder platoons. The order also said, however, and if all forces and equipment were not assembled by zero hour, Givati would have to do with the forces that were mustered.
Immediately upon receiving the order, Shimon Avidan called an emergency meeting at Hatzor. Yehoshua Goldrat, the only officer in the brigade who had experience from the British Army operating a combined force of infantry, armor, artillery and air, wrote the operational order. The order was in English, as Goldrat was not fluent in Hebrew, and was handed out to the battalion commanders on June 1. The battalion commanders translated the document into Hebrew for the company commanders. According to the plan, six companies (3 Palmach and 3 Irgun) would attack the Egyptians from the south. Three companies (2 from the 52nd and one from the 51st battalions) would attack from the north, and two companies (one from the 53rd Battalion and one from Irgun) would prevent a retreat to the east. A company from the 53rd Battalion would block reinforcement from Majdal. Only senior officers knew of the full plans however. Simha Shiloni, commander of the Palmach forces (Negev Beasts Battalion), commented that his forces came exhausted and completely unprepared to the assembly points, and he had given consent for their deployment only after being assured that they would serve as the operational reserve (the plan in fact called for these forces to lead the southern assault).
Zero hour was set for 03:00 on the night of June 1–2, but at the last moment an order came down to cancel the attack. This was a significant blow to the troops' morale, especially because before the operation, Abba Kovner, the culture officer of Givati, made a speech claiming that the attack would be an historic moment when the IDF would annihilate the Egyptian forces. Shraga Gafni, in his book "The Good Sapper Alex", and Uri Avnery in "In the Fields of Philistia", provided excerpts from the speech:
Orders were immediately issued (at 06:00) to start new preparations. Under the new ones, two companies from the 51st Battalion were to base themselves in Hatzor and Barqa, respectively. The 52nd Battalion was to prepare at Camp Bilu (next to Kfar Bilu). The 53rd Battalion was to put two companies in Be'er Tuvia, two platoons in Negba, and one in Kfar Warburg. Two companies from the 54th were to be placed at Tel Nof (Eqron Airbase). Six platoons from the 55th were to be based between al-Maghar and al-Qubayba. The 8th Brigade was to be based between Gat, Gal On and Nitzanim, as well as remaining in the Gedera–Bashit area. A battalion was also temporarily transferred from Kiryati to Givati (now referred to as the 56th), preparing in Abu Shusha and Hulda. The 57th Battalion (Irgun) was to be placed in Zarnuqa. Of the Negev Brigade, two companies would be in Camp Julis and one in Camp Beit Daras. Finally, the artillery forces were to keep their former positions, as well as taking new ones in Bitzaron.
On the same day, the Egyptian forces also changed the disposition of their forces, moving the 9th Battalion to the Ad Halom bridge, the 2nd to Isdud itself, and the 1st to Iraq Suwaydan and Faluja. Heavy machine gun and armored units were dispersed in between. Staff soldiers and those who manned Bren carriers took positions together with regular infantry soldiers. The Israeli side did not know of this development, but was aware that they had been detected in the previous night's preparations. The army was against attacking Isdud soon, but the order was given by the political echelon. The attack was expected to be a tactical failure; Avraham Ayalon writes that it could have succeeded if only the southern Egyptian force in Isdud itself was attacked, but attributes that lack of such a plan to the inexperience of the command and the heterogeneous nature of the Israeli force, which according to him could not have pulled off such an offensive.
The new IDF plans put forth for the June 2–3 operation were slightly changed from the original. These included 1,150 fighters, as opposed to 1,300 in the initial plan. The forces consisted of the following: two Palmach companies from the Beersheba Battalion and one from the Negev Beasts Battalion, under Yohanan Zariz, a light vehicle company, two companies from the 54th Battalion and one from the 51st, under Zvi Zur, three Irgun companies, a reinforced company and platoon from the 53rd Battalion and eight artillery pieces (six "Napoleonchiks" and two 4.2" mortars). Another light vehicle company would be in the operational reserve. Against them were placed Egypt's 2nd Brigade, including the 2nd and 9th Battalions, three medium gun platoons, the brigade headquarters, and 12 pieces of artillery.
Operation.
The operation officially began when a lone Israeli S-199 bombed Egyptian positions in Isdud at 18:00 on June 2. Five light planes—two Fairchild 24s, two Rapides and one Bonanza—also made bombing runs between 20:25 and 21:30. The bombardment did not make an impression on the readying Israeli soldiers, and in light of the noise created by the Egyptian anti-aircraft guns, the Israelis considered that the plane was lucky to have survived the run. In addition, the troops were exhausted, not having had proper sleep in the four days preceding the operation. At 22:00, the Israeli forces started moving against the Egyptian positions.
A soldier from the 54th Battalion said of the airstrike:
Northern effort.
The forces that were to attack the Isdud bridge (today Ad Halom) set out from Gan Yavne at 22:20: the 3rd Company of the 51st Battalion (commanded by Yosef "Yosh" Harpaz), a mixed company from the 54th (from the 2nd and 3rd companies) under Asher Dromi, and the 54th's 1st Company under Aryeh Kotzer. The overall commander was Zvi Zur, who was accompanied by the battalion staff, soldiers from a light vehicle company, and from the 54th's 3rd Company. According to plan, Zur was meant to flank the Egyptians from the west and achieve surprise. When they reached Wadi Fakhira however, about 700 m from the Egyptian position, it proved difficult to cross and caused a significant delay.
The movement was discovered at about 00:30 on June 3, and Zur's force lost the element of surprise. The Egyptian position that engaged the Israelis had two companies, but Harpaz, the 51st's 3rd Company's commander, underestimated the force and reported that it contained only one platoon. Zur decided to regroup in the wadi and ordered Aryeh Kotzer's 1st Company to stay and engage the Egyptians at the spot where they were originally discovered and assault the pillbox there, while the rest of the forces would try a turning movement.
Kotzer estimated that a frontal assault against the Egyptians would be useless, as they were dug in on both sides of the pillbox. In complete darkness, the 1st Company made its way south through the wadi hoping to avoid enemy fire from superior positions and weapons until they were close enough to respond. At 03:00, the Israeli artillery barrage started, but did not do significant damage and only alerted all Egyptian positions to the Israeli presence. The only Israeli unit close to engagement at the time was Kotzer's company. About 100 m away from the Egyptian defense line, they stepped into an ambush and the leading squad was eliminated. Kotzer ordered the machine gunners to climb to the east bank of the wadi to provide cover for a counterattack, and this move also led to Israeli casualties. The counterattack was difficult and only destroyed some small Egyptian entrenchments.
Even though some of his soldiers came within 60 meters of the pillbox, after 19 of them (over a third) were killed and the sun began rising in the horizon, Kotzer decided to retreat, unable to receive official permission due to communication problems. He ordered all of his troops to collect the wounded and any weapons they could carry, helping with the task himself. The dead were left in the field, including the medics (not a single medic survived). The injured were brought under fire into the wadi and at about 07:00 the force made its way to an unoccupied two-storey building on the east bank. After the Egyptians started shelling the building with mortars, Kotzer's company began to move towards Gan Yavne.
A soldier who witnessed the events stated:
Zur's maneuver sent Israel's forces into unknown territory, and they encountered an Egyptian entrenchment that caught them unawares. His original plan was to send Yosef Harpaz and the 3rd Company and then Dromi's company, but when fire was opened on Harpaz's men (at approximately 04:00), Zur ordered him to execute a frontal assault. Harpaz decided to do this in three single-platoon waves: the first two would attack the Egyptians, while the third would provide cover for the forces. The first platoon was inexperienced and had never fought against Egypt's army. After advancing, they encountered what were probably Bren carriers, which their commander reported were tanks. Harpaz then sent the second, more experienced, platoon of 15 men, who were also able to better utilize the cover fire. Eventually, the first platoon fled from the battlefield without being ordered to do so and the attack was only two platoons strong. However, this still assisted Aryeh Kotzer on the other side of the Egyptian positions to evacuate his injured troops.
At dawn, after his attacked failed to overtake any major positions, Zur decided to withdraw, for the first time in his life. He ordered Harpaz's company, which had the most casualties, to go first, and at 06:00 told Dromi's company to follow. Harpaz's company had five men missing in action, four of whom were picked up by Dromi's people. One of Dromi's platoons remained on top of a sand dune to provide cover fire for the retreat. Meanwhile, the rest of the company made its way under the road and the railway through culverts. On the eastern side, Dromi met Harpaz. They sent the cover platoon home with the injured, and remained in their place to wait for Zur. Their lookout also spotted Kotzer's retreating company and Harpaz requested artillery cover using the only working communication device they had. The "Napoleonchiks" missed their targets, but deterred the Egyptians, who stopped following Kotzer.
Zur was extremely reluctant to withdraw his personal forces. He decided to do so only at 09:00, when it became clear that the other two companies were at a safe distance, and the Egyptians were massing for a counterattack. First, the injured were evacuated, then the rest of the forces made their way back, each squad providing cover for the next. The Egyptian artillery caused the forces to scatter, and the commanders had difficulty diverting them to the general retreat path. After they came to a small grove to the west of the main road, it was discovered that three were missing and 17 injured, who were treated by the only remaining medic. Approximately at noon, Zur's men met with Dromi and Harpaz, and the working communication device was used to summon vehicles to take the soldiers to Gan Yavne.
Southern effort.
Four motorized companies from the Negev Brigade left Be'er Tuvia. They set up a position of 4.2 inch mortars and medium machine guns about mid-way between Isdud and Beit Daras, to shell Isdud from the southeast. A reinforced company also left Be'er Tuvia and took up positions between Hill 69 and the military base near Nitzanim to cut off Egyptian reinforcements coming from Majdal. The 57th Battalion (consisting of Irgun veterans) left Hatzor to assault Isdud from the northeast. The 53rd Battalion was accompanied by a reinforced platoon of 44 soldiers from the temporary 58th Battalion (a new recruit unit), which made its way to Nitzanim in order to be replaced by a more experienced platoon from the 53rd.
When the Negev forces reached the coastal road, they realized that they could not continue on their vehicles, which could not travel in the sand dunes to the west of the road. The vehicles were therefore left with a platoon to the south of Isdud to block a possible Egyptian retreat. The other soldiers continued on foot into the sand dunes in an attempt to flank the Egyptian positions. On the second try, the Negev forces successfully captured several key points in the village, and destroyed a cannon. Nahum Sarig, the Negev Brigade commander, later wrote that the lack of intelligence on the enemy prevented the Israeli force from continuing its assault, while the Egyptians had time to regroup.
Despite Negev's achievements, they were also given an order to retreat, as the Israeli command did not wish to fight in broad daylight. The retreating forces had no choice but to use a route similar to the ones they came from, which slowed down their movement. Most of the machine guns that they had brought had broken down in the sandy environment, and could not provide them with cover. They were also carrying a multitude of wounded soldiers. Muhammad Naguib decided to use the armored vehicles in his operational reserve against the retreating forces, fearing a possible cut-off from the rest of the Egyptian forces in Palestine. According to Simha Shiloni, commander of the Negev Beasts battalion, the Israelis, especially the wounded, thought that all was lost when this happened. However, the vehicles stopped eventually as they got bogged down in the sands, and the troops made it back to Nitzanim. Sixteen Israeli soldiers were killed in the retreat.
Meanwhile, the 57th Battalion made its way via Barqa towards Isdud. These troops were meant to serve as a diversionary force. As such, when they reached Wadi al-Jurf, about from the Egyptian position, they decided not to cross the wadi and instead fired on the Egyptians from the other side. They were too far away however to inflict concrete damage, but also did not suffer any casualties. Nahum Sarig later accused this force of also falsely reporting their positions, undermining the efforts of his Negev Brigade.
On Hill 69 and the coastal road, the 53rd Battalion intercepted and engaged a contingent of Egyptian reinforcements from Majdal. After the battles, the 53rd Battalion reported that at 03:00, they had been ready to ambush possible reinforcements, and at 06:00, an Egyptian convoy of two armored vehicles and 4 other vehicles made their way to Isdud. They were hit by Israeli mines, operated by Avraham Schwarzstein's platoon (see Battle of Nitzanim), and only two vehicles made it out and back to Majdal. At 09:00 the general retreat order was given, and after reaching Nitzanim, Schwarzstein's platoon set out to assist the Negev forces' retreat, helping carry the 20-so casualties. The forces on Hill 69 retreated only at noon to Be'er Tuvia.
Aftermath and significance.
In all, 45 Israelis were killed, 50 were wounded, and 5 captured by Egypt. Of them, 29 killed and 34 wounded were from Zur's 54th Company. Egyptian sources reported 15 killed and 30 wounded, although this does not include the casualties suffered by the intercepted reinforcements from Majdal. Even before the final retreating troops came home, the Givati command had issued a new operation order, calling for renewed artillery and air bombardment of Isdud, and small harassment operations. The 57th Battalion, which gained a bad reputation after its failures in Yibna and Isdud, carried out several such successful operations, regaining prestige in the brigade.
While the Israelis suffered a major tactical defeat in Operation Pleshet, it is generally believed in Israel that the strategic goal of the operation—stopping the Egyptian advance—was achieved, unbeknown to the Israeli command at the time. This also allowed the capture of Arab Yibna, where the remaining residents expected the Egyptian Army to reach them, and mostly fled following the battle. Since the United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine line ran between Isdud and Yibna, the outcome of the battle meant that on the coastal strip, the Egyptians had failed to cross over into territory assigned to the State of Israel. The bridge over the Lakhish River has since been known as Ad Halom ("thus far").
Even though in his 1955 book "Egypt's Destiny", Naguib wrote that his brigade's successful stand was a glorious victory with few consequences, estimating 450 Israeli dead (out of a perceived 4,000 attackers), a logbook captured by Israel during the war revealed that he was extremely worried about the future fate of his forces. He requested immediate assistance, including air support to determine the location of the Israeli cannons, a medevac unit, reinforcements, munitions and communication wires. It is also likely that he believed that the 53rd Battalion's force blocking the road from Majdal was still in place, and therefore thought that he was surrounded.
Sizable reinforcements—the 6th Battalion—came to Naguib only when his 9th Battalion was poised to attack Nitzanim. Aside from Nitzanim (June 7), the Egyptian Army shifted its entire concentration on clearing it flanks, successfully clearing a path between Majdal and al-Faluja. The Israeli chronicler and officer Avraham Ayalon wrote that the Israeli retreat from Hill 69 on June 3, along with the rest of the forces, which he believed unnecessary, was a major contributing factor to the subsequent Egyptian victories.
Historiography.
The main points of historiographical dispute about the battle are whether or not the Egyptians were planning to advance northward toward Tel Aviv, and whether or not the battle was one of the turning points of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. On June 18, after the first truce of the war took effect, Nahum Sarig said in a staff meeting, attended by the Minister of Defense, that at the time the Egyptian plans were not clear, but that now their plans were to penetrate the Negev. Ben Gurion, on the other hand, noted in his diary that the Egyptians were set on taking Tel Aviv and advancing north. In 1958, Major General Yitzhak Rabin addressed the issue; he felt that the Egyptian stop at Isdud was the result of technical difficulties, following fifteen days of continuous movement, including battles along the way. This, Rabin thought, along with ground and aerial counterattacks, eventually delayed their drive on Tel Aviv. Later, he said, the Egyptians tried to make contact with the Jordanian forces at Latrun and, after a failed pincer movement, tried to cut the Negev off from Israel. According to Israeli historian Reuven Aharoni, the battle's glorification and idealization suited the sentimental needs of the Israeli people. He believes that there is still no definite answer to the question of whether or not the Egyptians planning to drive on to Tel Aviv.
Israeli Arab historian Mustafa Kabha wrote that Egyptian and other Arab historians did not attribute as much importance to the battle as Israeli ones. They ask what the Egyptian objective was, and whether or not it was wise to advance without securing their lines of communication. Abdullah el Tell, commander of the Jordanian Legion in Jerusalem, thought that the Egyptians did not consider the Legion's needs. Aware of their weaknesses, they did not let anything distract them from reaching Tel Aviv. The Egyptian war log, from 19:00 on May 28, 1948, showed concern over the lines of communication. Muhammad Nimr al-Hawari wrote that while the Egyptians publicly declared that the target was Tel Aviv, they never actually meant to advance farther than their Isdud fortifications. As evidence, he cited the Egyptian refusal to take the undefended Yibna despite the villagers' repeated cries for help. Bahjat Abu-Gharbiyeh, one of Abd al-Qadir al-Husayni's deputies and commander of the Beit Jibrin area, wrote that the Egyptians never had a clear plan, because their leadership were not really interested in a war. Therefore, their efforts were improvised. Kabha concludes that Arab historiography considers the battle the successful realization of a tactical move, designed to serve the actions of the badly coordinated Arab armies.
The Egyptian officer Kamal Ismail ash-Sharif commented in his memoirs that this was a turning point in the war on the Egyptian–Israeli front:
Israeli historian David Tal agreed with this view; Yoav Gelber, when asked about this, commented that the significance of the attack, along with two other major tactical failures—Latrun and Jenin—was in the fact that the initiative passed to the Israeli side, and the Arabs conducted only small assaults after these operations. Scholar Fawaz Gerges noted that the Egyptians originally assumed that the further their army advances, the weaker the Israeli resistance would become.
Unlike traditional Israeli historiography, Arab sources in general do not see it as a turning point in the war. They agree that the Egyptian declarations regarding Tel Aviv as the main strategic objective were ostentatious rather than operative. In his book "1948", New Historian Benny Morris also disagrees with the traditional Israeli view, and states that portraying the operation as the catalyst for the Egyptian halt is a mistake. However, in a March 15, 2007 panel of historians, Morris said that at least in the Egyptian expeditionary force, the Israeli attack did lead to a decision to stop advancing.

</doc>
