<doc id="20831087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831087" title="Mühldorf–Pilsting railway">
Mühldorf–Pilsting railway

The Mühldorf–Pilsting railway runs mainly through the province of Lower Bavaria in Germany, but part of the line crosses into Upper Bavaria as well. It was opened in 1875 by the Bavarian Eastern Railway Company (the "Ostbahn") as part of the route between Mühldorf and Plattling, and was taken over by the Royal Bavarian State Railways on 1 January 1876. Whilst the southern section of the route from Mühldorf to Neumarkt-Sankt Veit became an important regional transport link as a result of the branches to Landshut and Passau at Neumarkt-Sankt Veit, the remaining section of the line never achieved its expected significance. Since 1970 only goods trains have worked between Neumarkt-Sankt Veit and Frontenhausen-Marklkofen, the adjoining section to Pilsting was closed entirely in 1969.
Course.
Leaving the railway hub of Mühldorf, the railway to Pilsting initially runs northwards for about 2 kilometres through the plain between the Inn Canal and the Isen river, before entering the hill country, typical of the area, at Rohrbach (Oberbay). On the 16 kilometres or so of line from Mühldorf to Neumarkt-Sankt Veit there are no large towns en route, so that, apart from Rohrbach railway station, there is just one intermediate station (now closed) on the heights of the Taibrechting hamlet near Niederbergkirchen. Shortly before Neumarkt-Sankt Veit it crosses the river Rott and follows the valley for the next three kilometres.
The town of Neumarkt-Sankt Veit has a centrally located railway station, from which the railways to Landshut and Passau branch off, giving the line its additional significance. Whilst the former leaves the route to Pilsting immediately northeast of the railway station at Neumarkt-Sankt Veit, the branch off point onto the "Rottalbahn" is about 2 kilometres further east. The route to Pilsting continues uphill towards the north, in order to cross the watershed between the Rott and the Bina in a cutting, after passing the former halt at "Thambach", and finally runs down into the Bina valley. The market town of Gangkofen there has a railway station which is well west of the main settlement. North of Gangkofen the route climbs again in order to cross the line of hills between the Bina and the Vils. Near the highest point of the railway lies the little village of Obertrennbach, in which there is a small through station called "Trennbach". Over the following eight kilometres the route falls again and reaches the Vils valley at Marklkofen via the valleys of the Trennbach and Schwimmbach. Here the trackbed follows the Vils for about 1.5 km in an east-west direction.
In the village of Marklkofen is a railway station with the double-barrelled name of "Frontenhausen-Marklkofen" that forms the present-day northern terminus of the route, and is named after the neighbouring village of Markt Frontenhausen. West of the railway station the route crossed the Vils on three bridge sections until the closure of the section of the line from Frontenhausen-Marklkofen to Pilsting in 1969. Via the little villages of Poxau and Steinberg, where at one time there were wayside halts, the track runs finally uphill to the north. At the hamlet of Wunder the line crossed the watershed between the Vils and the Isar in a long cutting. Around here is also the intermediate station which lies about 1.5 km from the village of Griesbach, part of the town of Markt Reisbach. With steep inclines in places the route continues on to Mamming, where there is a railway station north of the Mamming brook which is crossed on a large bridge. The largest structure on the route is found on the next section where the river Isar is crossed on a steel truss bridge comprising five 36 m long section. Behind Goben the route finally reaches the railway station of Pilsting above two kilometres south of the market town which gives it its name. The following section from Pilsting–Plattling is today part of the Landshut–Plattling railway.
History.
As part of a programme of construction authorised on the 3 August 1869 by the Bavarian state government, the Bavarian Eastern Railway Company (known as the Bavarian "Ostbahn") began work on a project that year for a railway link between Mühldorf and Plattling. Together with the Rosenheim–Mühldorf railway, owned by the Royal Bavarian State Railways (K.Bay.Sts.B), and the Bavarian Forest railway, also planned by the "Ostbahn" and which would form a junction north of Plattling, this was to provide a trans-regional link between the Inn valley and Bohemia.
The licence for the construction eventually went to the "Ostbahn" on 25 November 1872, work beginning that same year. Under the direction of chief engineer, Ludwig Fromm, and architect, Karl Zenger, the 80.8 km long link from Mühldorf to Plattling was able to be completed in just under three years. The opening of the largely single-tracked main line, the trackbed of which was laid for two tracks along certain stretches in expectation of the likely rise in demand for rail services, took place on 15 October 1875. Between Pilsting and Landau, today part of the route from Landshut to Plattling, a second track was laid from the outset. On 1 January 1876 the route was incorporated, along with the entire "Ostbahn" company, into the K.Bay.Sts.B.
In the following years several branches were built: the Landshut–Pilsting link, which opened on 15 May 1880, the Neumarkt-Sankt Veit–Landshut railway, which went into service on 4 October 1883, and the "Rottalbahn" initially finished on 1. September 1879 as far as Pocking and finally extended all the way through to Passau by 6 October 1888.
The expected trans-regional significance of the railway link never materialised; traffic between Tyrol and Bohemia was largely routed via Munich. The section from Pilsting to Plattling, however, gained significance as part of the (Munich–)Landshut–Plattling(–Passau) route and its operations were immediately aligned to it. The route between Mühldorf and Neumarkt-Sankt Veit soon proved to be of regional importance for both passenger and goods traffic, thanks to the branches to Landshut and Pocking/Passau. The Neumarkt-Sankt Veit–Pilsting section never had high numbers of passengers, however, due to the relatively sparse population, railway stations that were sometimes a long way from the villages and trade links that were oriented towards Landshut rather than following the railway route.
With the rise of private motor car ownership from the 1950s the Deutsche Bundesbahn (DB) recorded an increasing reduction of the already low traffic volumes between Neumarkt-Sankt Veit and Pilsting. Various rationalisation measures were implemented, including the formal relegation of the Neumarkt-Sankt Veit–Pilsting section from a main line to a branch line in 1964. Nevertheless the profitability of this section of the line continued to be inadequate. With the approval of the Federal Transport Ministry the DB closed local passenger services ("SPNV") between Frontenhausen-Marklkofen and Pilsting as well as goods traffic between Frontenhausen-Marklkofen and Griesbach on 29 September 1969. With the cessation of goods transportation between Griesbach and Pilsting on 13 December 1969, the Frontenhausen-Marklkofen–Pilsting section was finally completely closed. The trackage there was dismantled in the years that followed.
SPNV services did not continue for much longer between Neumarkt-Sankt Veit and Frontenhausen-Marklkofen; the last passenger train worked the line on 27 September 1970. By contrast, the factory of car suppliers, Mann+Hummel, based in Marklkofen, provided well-laden trains for many years, before the firm transferred its operations from road to rail in the 1990s for various reasons. The only regular user of the Neumarkt-Sankt Veit–Frontenhausen-Marklkofen section since then is a joint regional refuse union that transfers household rubbish into containers in Marklkofen and dispatches it by rail to a refuse incineration plant at Burgkirchen. A sister firm of the company that runs the plant, Max Aicher, has also been the railway infrastructure company for the aforementioned section of the line since 2008.
The southern section, Mühldorf–Neumarkt-Sankt Veit, has been closely linked, operationally, with lines branching off in Newmarkt since the end of the 19th century and is used by trains working the Mühldorf–Landshut and Mühldorf–Passau routes. After the privatisation of the Deutsche Bundesbahn this section of the line was transferred to the SüdostBayernBahn division of the Deutsche Bahn. Since 28 September 2008 the points and signals on the line have been fully remotely controlled by the electronic signal box at Mühldorf.
Operations.
Passenger services.
In the early years of operations two pairs of trains ran daily between Mühldorf and Plattling, later this increased to four, and sometimes they ran on to Bayerisch Eisenstein. After the opening of the branches, traffic between Mühldorf and Neumarkt-Sankt Veit and between Pilsting and Plattling noticeably increased, whilst on the middle section the extension of some train services to and from Rosenheim was the only significant change. In 1924 there were three pairs of trains per day on the whole route, several years later again the usual four. To attract more passengers, an intermediate stop was built at "Poxau" in the post-war years and the timetable added a fast-stopping train ("Eilzug") from Rosenheim to Plattling and back to the existing four pairs of trains shuttling between Mühldorf and Plattling. These services continued until the cessation of traffic between Frontenhausen-Marklkofen and Pilsting in 1969.
Between Mühldorf and Neumarkt-Sankt Veit the route has also been worked by numerous trains on the routes to Landshut and Passau since the end of the 19th century. To these were added in the first half of the 20th century a moderate number of long-distance services, typically in the shape of a "D-Zug" (express) coach group from Berlin via Mühldorf to Klagenfurt. Under the direction of the Deutsche Bundesbahn between 15 and 20 passenger train pairs run daily on the Mühldorf–Neumarkt-Sankt Veit section. In the 1990s these services were organised at standard intervals (to a so-called "Taktfahrplan"), whereby the "Bayerische Eisenbahngesellschaft" tasked the operator, the SüdostBayernBahn, initially with two-hourly services on the Mühldorf–Passau route and also between Mühldorf and Landshut, these being supplemented with extra services especially at peak journey times. Hourly services were introduced to Landshut from 14 December 2008, to Passau from 12 December 2009.
Goods traffic.
After the anticipated use of the route for trans-regional goods traffic did not come to fruition, it was used mainly by local customers. From the north these mainly ran to Gangkofen, trains heading south departed from stations between the hub at Mühldorf to Frontenhausen-Marklkofen. Mixed trains were uncommon. Passenger and goods traffic was separated from the outset.
Since about the 1960s the Mühldorf–Neumarkt-Sankt Veit(–Landshut) section trains have also increasingly come from the Bavarian Chemical Industry Triangle. Important local customers are the agricultural and forestry industries, the car suppliers, Mann+Hummel, at Marklkofen and, since the 1980s the regional refuse company. By 2008 after the loss of numerous freight customers, either of their own volition or as a result of the efforts of the former goods transport division of the Deutsche Bundesbahn and DB Cargo, the only goods traffic that remains are the chemical trains from the Chemical Industry Triangle, refuse transportation from Frontenhausen-Marklkofen and Eggenfelden (on the "Rottalbahn") to the south and liquid transportation to Dietfurt ("Rottalbahn"). The train operation is Railion.
Running and rolling stock.
For operations during the early years of the railway the relatively low-performance steam locomotives of the "Ostbahn" and the K.Bay.Sts.B. were sufficient. Amongst the classes employed were the tank engines of Class D XII, the all pervasive C III and the Bavarian B VI. Steam locomotives used by the Deutsche Reichsbahn and the Bundesbahn included engines of classes 50, 54 and 57 in goods traffic and 24, 64, 70 and 86 for passenger services.
railbuses of classes VT 95 and 98 took over much of the passenger traffic from the 1950s including the fast-stopping trains ("Eilzug") on the Rosenheim–Plattling route, whilst for goods duties the Köf III and V 100 ousted the steam locomotives. In the end the latter also took over the passenger trains hitherto hauled by steam engines. Variants of the V 160 also worked the route from the 1960s, mainly hauling goods trains from the chemical works "triangle".
Since the early 1990s, passenger services from Mühldorf to Landshut and Passau have been mainly provided by Class 628 multiples, more rarely using Class 218 diesel locomotives. Regional goods traffic has been handled by Railion since 2006 using Class 294 locos. Representatives of classes 217 and 232/233 locomotives have been used for the chemical trains since the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20831089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831089" title="Sikh holocaust of 1746">
Sikh holocaust of 1746

The Chhōṭā Ghallūghārā ( ) was a massacre of a significant proportion of the Sikh population especially by the invading Pashtun people of the Durrani Empire during the waning years of the Mughal Empire. "Chhōṭā Ghallūghārā" is Punjabi for "Lesser Massacre". As such, it is distinguished from the "Vaḍḍā Ghallūghārā" "the great massacre" of 1762. An estimated 7000 Sikhs died in these attacks.
The "ghallūghārā" were not pogroms in the sense of the killing of masses of defenseless people. Since the martyrdom of the fifth Sikh Master, Guru Arjan in 1606, Sikhs have known the use of arms and the need of self-defense. They are called "ghallūghārā" because of the wholesale slaughter of the innocent, with the intention of genocide. The first "Chhōṭā Ghallūghārā" was a dramatic and bloody massacre during the campaign of Afghanistan's (Durrani Empire) provincial government based at Lahore to wipe out the Sikhs, an offensive that had begun with the Mughals and lasted several decades.
Origins of the 1746 Ghallūghārā.
Sikhism began in the days of Guru Nanak (1469–1539) and grew to be a distinctive social force especially after the formation of the Order of Khalsa in 1699. The Khalsa was designated to oppose the tyranny of the Mughal Empire and any other form of injustice. Through much of the early eighteenth century, the Khalsa was outlawed by the government and survived in the safety of remote forests, deserts, and swamplands of the Punjab region and neighbouring Kashmir and Rajasthan.
Persecution of the Sikhs (1739-46).
Zakaria Khan, the Governor of Lahore, offered lucrative rewards for the discovery and killing of Sikhs. A blanket was offered to anyone who managed to cut off the distinctive mane of a Sikh or Khalsa. A substantial monetary reward was offered for information on the whereabouts of a Sikh, and a larger sum for the delivery of a Sikh scalp. The plunder of Sikh homes was made lawful and anyone giving shelter to or withholding information about the movements of the Sikhs was liable to themselves being executed. Zakaria Khan's police scoured the countryside and brought back hundreds of Sikhs in chains. They were publicly executed at the horse market of Lahore, since renamed “Shahidganj”, "place of the martyred".
This period pitted the might of the intolerant Islamic state against the plucky and fiercely independent Sikhs. The then Afghan, rulers were the members of the Muslim ruling caste who maintained their privileges by cooperating with the government. 
The Temerity of Bhai Bota Singh.
In those days of dire persecution, Bhai Bota Singh lived in the forest by day and would come out in search of food from sympathizers under the cover of darkness. Occasionally, he would visit Amritsar by night and take a dip in the sanctifying waters of the holy pool around the temple. One day, he was noticed from afar by some people who thought he was a Sikh. But a member of the party objected he could not have been a Sikh, for had he been one, he would not have concealed himself so.
Vexed by the observer's remark, Bhai Bota Singh set on a plan whereby he and his companion Bhai Garja Singh took up a position on the main highway. There, they proclaimed the sovereignty of Khalsa and collected a small toll from each passerby. For maximum effect, he sent a notice with a traveler for the governor. One hundred horsemen came to apprehend the two Sikhs, but they spurned the offer to surrender and died instead fighting.
The Martydom of Mani Singh Shaheed.
Bhai Mani Singh was a respected Sikh scholar and teacher who lived in the city of Amritsar, founded by Guru Ram Das and holy to the Sikhs. For many years, Sikhs had customarily gathered at Amritsar in the spring and fall for the holidays of Vaisakhi and Diwali. Under the persecution of the Mughals, these festivals had been disrupted.
Bhai Mani Singh sought and obtained Zakaria Khan's permission to hold the Diwali celebration in Amritsar on payment of a tax of 5000 rupees. When Mani Singh found out that the governor had dispatched a large number of soldiers to annihilate the Sikhs gathered at Amritsar, he sent word out to the Sikhs in their forest and desert hideouts, forbidding them from coming.
In consequence, no money was collected and Bhai Mani Singh was prosecuted for not paying the stipulated sum. After a summary trial, he was given the choice of embracing Islam or facing death. Bhai Mani Singh chose the latter and as his punishment was cut to pieces, limb from limb.
The Golden Temple and Massa Rangar.
To prevent the Sikhs accessing the holy shrine of Amritsar, built in the time of Guru Arjan, and known as the Harmandir Sahib or the “Golden Temple”, a Mughal military officer named Massa Ranghar was stationed there. Massa Rangar was physically very strong, a fit man, 5'11" tall. Ranghar not only occupied the holy place, but committed sacrilege by carousing with dancing girls and consuming meat and alcohol in the Sanctum Sanctorum situated in the midst of the sacred pool.
This offense continued until news of it reached an isolated band of Sikhs in Rajasthan. Of them, Mehtab Singh and Sukkha Singh set off to cross the distance to Amritsar. Finding the city strongly guarded, the two disguised themselves as revenue officials. In this guise, they entered the Harimandir, cut off Ranghar's head and escaped before the Mughal soldiers could realize what had happened. This took place on 11 August 1740.
Sukkha Singh was wounded in the defensive action involving the first Sikh massacre and later died in battle with the invading Afghan army of Ahmed Shah Durrani in 1752.
The Martyrdom of Bhai Taru Singh.
Zakaria Khan, the governor of Lahore, experienced great frustration in his effort to decimate the Sikhs. He once asked his men, “From where do the Sikhs obtain their nourishment? I have debarred them from all occupations. They realize no taxes, they do not farm, nor are they allowed to do business or join public employment. I have stopped all offerings to their Gurdwaras. No provisions or supplies are accessible to them. Why do they not die of sheer starvation?” 
A sworn enemy of the Sikhs directed the governor to the village of Puhla, where lived a young Sikh named Taru Singh. According to the informant,
There are Sikhs in the world who would not eat until they have fed their brothers. They may themselves go without food and clothing, but they cannot bear their comrades' distress. They would pass the winter by fireside and send them their own clothes. They would sweat to grind grain and have it sent to them. They would do the hardest chores to earn a small wage for their sake... (Taru Singh) tills his land and pays the revenue to the officials. He eats but little and sends what he saves to his brothers in the forest. His mother and sister both toil and grind to make a living. They eat sparingly and wear the coarsest homespun cloth. Whatever they save, they pass on to the Sikhs.
On hearing this, the governor sent a detachment of soldiers to Bhai Taru Singh's village to arrest him and bring him to the provincial capital of Lahore. The year was 1745. When the Sikh heard of their approach, he came out of the village. Wishing to spare his neighbours any sort of hardship, the 25-year-old Taru Singh surrendered peacefully to the governor's men.
When Mehtab Singh, who had dispatched Masse Khan Ranghar at the Harimandir with Sukkha Singh, heard of Bhai Taru Singh's arrest, he surrendered himself so that he might die by his side. The two Sikhs had their bodies broken on the wheel of torture. When only Taru Singh survived, he was given the choice of Islam or death. When he refused to convert, his distinctive long hair was painfully scraped from his scalp and the young Sikh left to die. Young Taru Singh was given over to a gracious sikh family who tended to him for his remaining days.
The Massacre of 1746.
It was in this atmosphere of persecution that the "Chhōṭā Ghallūghārā" took place in 1746. Early in that year, Jaspat Rai, a Hindu military commander was killed in an encounter with a roving band of Sikhs. Jaspat's brother, Lakhpat Rai, who was a revenue minister at Lahore, vowed his revenge.
With the help of the new governor, Yahiya Khan, Lakhpat Rai mobilized the Lahore troops, summoned reinforcements, alerted the dependent rulers of the kingdoms in the Himalayan foothills, and roused the mostly Muslim population for a genocide of the “infidel” Sikhs. The Sikh inhabitants of Lahore were first rounded up, then executed on 10 March 1746.
Lakhpat Rai next set out for the swampy forest of Kaahnoovaan, near the town of Gurdaspur, about to the north-east of Lahore, where Sikhs were reported to have concentrated. Lakhpat had with him a with a large force of mostly cavalry, supported by cannon, with which he surrounded the forest and began a systematic search for their prey.
The Sikhs held out for some time and struck back whenever they could. Heavily outnumbered and under-equipped, they decided to escape to the foothills of the Himalayas to the north. The Sikhs crossed the River Ravi and came in sight of the foothills, a trek with the enemy in pursuit, only to find the armies of the hill rajas arrayed to oppose them.
Caught between these two armies and running out of food, the Sikhs suffered heavy casualties. At last, they managed to break through the encirclement and to recross the River Ravi in a desperate attempt to reach the safety of the Lakhi Jungle, near Bathinda, some to the south. In the river crossing, many of the weakened Sikhs were swept away by the current. With Lakhpat Rai's forces still in hot pursuit, they crossed two more rivers, the Beas River and Sutlej, before finally arriving at the sanctuary of the Lakhi Jungle.
An estimated 7,000 Sikhs were killed and 3,000 captured during this operation. The captives were marched back to Lahore, paraded in the streets and publicly beheaded. Given the small numbers of the Sikhs in those days of persecution, the losses will have been a very substantial proportion of their population, perhaps a quarter to a third of the total.
Lakhpat Rai went on to order Sikh places of worship destroyed and their scriptures burnt. He went so far as to decree that anyone uttering the word “Guru” be put to death. Even saying the Punjabi language word for sugar, “gur”, which sounded like “Guru”, could be cause for the death penalty.

</doc>
<doc id="20831094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831094" title="Bartley Green School">
Bartley Green School

Bartley Green School is one of the first in the country to be
selected for an important new role aimed at further raising
standards, becoming one of the first National Teaching
Schools. To take on this role, teaching schools like Bartley
Green need to be among the best in the country –
outstanding in their own performance and have a track record
of raising standards through school to school support.
The first thing visitors usually comment on when they tour
our school is the climate for learning; the ethos and culture
amongst the pupils and their positive relationships with each
other and our staff. A lot goes on in and out of school. On
any given day there may well be educational visits, workshops,
enrichment activities, study skill lessons, mentoring sessions
and adults from the community working with our pupils. This
is in addition to our carefully planned and well delivered
lessons, day in day out.
Our passion is to enable every pupil to achieve success:
• Academically by providing a first rate education. Pupils
achieve outstanding results. Bartley Green School is
consistently one of the top schools in the country for the
progress pupils have made.
• Socially and culturally through our extensive programme of
visits, trips and artistic and musical experiences.
The school runs over 100 trips, visits and events each year.
The average for a secondary school is 18!
• Personally by guiding pupils through their teenage years, to
become active, informed and responsible citizens in their own
neighbourhood, in their country and globally.
In recognition of our outstanding status:
• Our track record of success has led to being selected by
the National College for School Leadership as one of the
100 National Teaching Schools.
• The Headteacher is a National Leader in Education (NLE)
and the school, a National Support School. Our staff and
pupils share our success with less successful schools.
• As an outstanding school Bartley Green School was invited
to become a New style Academy. We are now an Academy
with all the benefits that come with it.
One of Ofsted’s Twelve Outstanding Secondary Schools’
nationally, 2009.
“Other schools can adopt these strategies, but they will only
succees if they are born of a deep sense of purpose and
commitment stemming from the leadership of the school.
Great schools are more than the sum of their parts, but their
parts must function well and work together consistently if the
school is to aspire to greatness”
Christine Gilbert
Her Majesty’s Chief Inspector

</doc>
<doc id="20831096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831096" title="Period of Adjustment (film)">
Period of Adjustment (film)

Period of Adjustment is a 1962 American film comedy-drama directed by George Roy Hill, his first feature-length film, based on the play of the same name by Tennessee Williams.
Plot.
Two married couples are both having a period of difficulty in their relationship. Isabel (Jane Fonda) and George Haverstick (Jim Hutton) are having a problem because George has bouts of performance anxiety. The second couple, Ralph (Anthony Franciosa) and Dorothea Baitz (Lois Nettleton), have their problems based on the fact that he married her for her money—and she knows it.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $2,750,000 in North America and $1.5 million overseas, making the studio a profit of $558,000.
Awards.
The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (George Davis, Edward Carfagno, Henry Grace, Dick Pefferle).
Jane Fonda was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for her performance.

</doc>
<doc id="20831106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831106" title="Bernard Gérard">
Bernard Gérard

Bernard Gérard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20831124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831124" title="DoDAAC">
DoDAAC

The Department of Defense Activity Address Code (DoDAAC) is a six position code that uniquely identifies a Department of Defense unit, activity, or organization that has the authority to requisition and/or receive material. The first position designates the particular Service/Agency element of ownership.
These codes are particularly important for Defense Department financial, contracting, and auditing records. The codes are used across the entire Federal Government when ordering supplies from the supply system using MILSTRIP, FEDSTRIP, or DLMS (www2.dla.mil/j-6/dlmso/programs/dlms.asp) procedures (for an example see www.blm.gov/pgdata/etc/medialib/blm/.../NIMAProdOrderHELP.doc). When assigned outside the Department of Defense the codes are usually referred to as AACs or FEDAACs.

</doc>
<doc id="20831127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831127" title="BRD Brașov Challenger">
BRD Brașov Challenger

The BRD Brașov Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Braşov, Romania since 1996. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20831131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831131" title="Heinrich Stuhlfauth">
Heinrich Stuhlfauth

Heinrich ("Heiner") Stuhlfauth (born 11 January 1896 in Nuremberg, died 12 September 1966 in Nuremberg) was a German goalkeeper.
Playing Career.
From 1916 to 1933 he played in 606 games for 1. FC Nuremberg, then a dominating team in German football, winning five national championships (1920, 1921, 1924, 1925, 1927). Between 1918 and 1922 Nuremberg did not lose in 104 association games, with a goal difference of 480:47.
He also gained 21 international caps, captaining the German national side in six appearances. He surpassed the record of Eugen Kipp (19 games) for the most appearances for the national team. His last international cap was a 0-2 loss against Italy in Frankfurt in 1930.
Stuhlfauth was considered one of the best goalkeepers of his time, along with legendary Spanish keeper Ricardo Zamora. He was known for being one of the first "playing" goalkeepers, actively participating in the game. In games he always wore a grey sweater and a flat cap.
Post Playing Career.
Until World War II Stuhlfauth kept a prominent Nuremberg inn. Afterwards he worked as a sports teacher and coach. He remained involved with the 1. FC Nuremberg and was widely credited for his achievements and loyalty. In 2008 he was posthumously introduced into Germany's Sports Hall of Fame.
One of his quotes is still prominently cited by the club and its fans:
""It is an honour to play for the town, the club and the citizens of Nuremberg. May all of this be preserved, and may the great FC Nuremberg never founder.""

</doc>
<doc id="20831132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831132" title="Speewa Ferry">
Speewa Ferry

The Speewa Ferry is a cable ferry across the Murray River on the border between the Australian states of New South Wales and Victoria. The ferry is located in the community of Speewa, Victoria, approximately north of Swan Hill, off the road between Swan Hill and Nyah.
The ferry is controlled by New South Wales Roads and Maritime Services, but is jointly funded by both states. It operates seven days a week, carries a maximum of two cars at a time, and is free of tolls. The times of operation vary on different days of the week, but the ferry operates from 0800 to 2100 on all days, and longer on some. On each day there are two one hour breaks in service.
The Speewa Ferry is one of only two cable ferries to cross the section of the Murray River between New South Wales and Victoria, the other being the Wymah Ferry nearly upstream. However there are another 11 such ferries further downstream, on the South Australia section of the river.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20831147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831147" title="KIQZ">
KIQZ

KIQZ (92.7 FM) was a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Rawlins, Wyoming, USA, the station is owned by Mt. Rushmore Broadcasting, Inc. It previously featured programing from AP Radio and Jones Radio Network. KIQZ was simulcasted on sister station KRAL also from Rawlins.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KIAJ on August 13, 1981. On November 4, 1981, the station changed its call sign to the current KIQZ.
In the late 2000s, the station fell silent citing financial and staffing difficulties. The station filed for resumption of operations twice, once in 2011, and a year later in 2012. Days after the resumption of operations, the stations fell silent again, similar to the situation on AM sister station KRAL.
The station has until June 22, 2013 to resume operations, otherwise its license may be cancelled and penalties would be issued from the FCC. As of March 2013, the station has not returned to air.
Signal.
KIQZ covered most of central Carbon County, much like its sister station KRAL. It could only be heard to the Sweetwater County/Carbon County line. The station went silent in the late 2000s, citing technical limitations, however that may not have been the only reason (see next paragraph).
FCC Fines and Penalties.
Since the station's change of ownership from "Elk Mountain Broadcasting" to current owner "Mount Rushmore Broadcasting", KIQZ, and its sister station, KRAL(AM 1240) have been fined by the FCC many times. Past penalties include a $20,000 fine for "failing to maintain the operational readiness of the EAS (Emergency Alert{Readiness}System) equipment (see FCC Rules/11.35(a)), as well as other equipment issues and violations and failure to maintain a complete public records file."
Sources connected to the F.C.C. say that more and significantly higher fines/penalties are probable. They continue by stating that any station owned or operated by Mt. Rushmore Broadcasting will "not likely" have their licenses renewed once they expire, due to the history of "past violations and cavalier attitude(s) towards following and maintaining" rules and regulations, and that this and other M.R.B. stations could have their broadcasting rights taken away "at almost any moment". Since this is an all-but-done set of circumstances, Mt. Rushmore Broadcasting's owner, Jan Charles Gray has been operating all of M.R.B.'s stations with little or no staff, whatsoever. On or around July 10, 2010, Gray filed with the F.C.C. documentation that stated KRAL had gone off the air due to "technical" problems. What he failed to do was inform the F.C.C. that the station had been in a non-broadcasting mode for well over 18 months prior to this filing. Several past and current employees of M.R.B. had informed Gray of the station's failing broadcast signal as far back as 2008, with Gray responding "No one listens to A.M. radio anymore, anyway."
As far back as 1998 managers were terminating for "failing to maintain E.A.S. equipment" and "failing to inform Jan Gray or off-site managers of the problems" in the hope that their termination would appease F.C.C. officials. Jan Gray never allowed any budget for maintenance what so ever. The FM transmitter was non-operational from 2001 on, a replacement transmitter was eventually bought in 2006 but a long history of non-payment to broadcasting contractors meant that no one was willing to install it without payment in advance, that payment never materialized, and as a result KIQZ stayed grey (run from an exciter* only) from 2001 until present.

</doc>
<doc id="20831149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831149" title="Bernard Gérard (intelligence officer)">
Bernard Gérard (intelligence officer)

Bernard Gérard is a French intelligence officer. He was director of the Direction de la surveillance du territoire from 1986 until 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20831167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831167" title="Ardee RFC">
Ardee RFC

Ardee RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Ardee, County Louth. They play in the Magee Cup, the North East Junior 3 competition organised by the Leinster Branch of the IRFU. The club colours are navy and white.

</doc>
<doc id="20831171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831171" title="Dolenje, Domžale">
Dolenje, Domžale

Dolenje is a small settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20831182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831182" title="Bernard Gérard (composer)">
Bernard Gérard (composer)

Bernard Gérard (26 April 1930 – 29 June 2000) was a French composer of film scores. He was one of Michel Magne's principal orchestrators, and worked as well with Georges Lautner and Jean-Pierre Melville. Films upon which he worked include "Ne nous fâchons pas", "La Grande Sauterelle", "Le Deuxième souffle", and "La Route de Salina".

</doc>
<doc id="20831184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831184" title="Nelle Brooke Stull">
Nelle Brooke Stull

Mrs. Nelle Brooke Stull was founder and president of the Widows' and Widowers' Club, which introduced bereaved men and women to each other in hope of making new matches. "I am the love fixer. I make men and women happy. My theory is that every Jill has her Jack," said Stull. (Time Magazine, 12 November 1934)
Nelle Brooke Stull of Elyria, Ohio was founder and president of the Widows' & Widowers' Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20831205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831205" title="Perry Johnson">
Perry Johnson

Perry Johnson (born March 23, 1977) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defencemen. He has played for the Manchester Storm, Kansas City Blades and Rødovre Mighty Bulls professionally as well as several years in amateur hockey with the Canadian National Team and the University of Alberta.
Playing career.
Raised in Edmonton, Alberta, Johnson played junior hockey with the Regina Pats for four seasons from 1993–94 until 1997–98 when he joined the Spokane Chiefs in time for their hosting of the 1998 Memorial Cup championship. In 1994–95, Johnson played two games for the Canadian National Team and he joined the team in 1998–99, playing two seasons, with a professional tryout with the Kansas City Blades. In 2000, he played professional hockey in Europe with the Manchester Storm. In 2002, Johnson returned to Alberta, entering the University of Alberta, playing hockey for the university in the CIS. He won two national championships with the U of A in 2005 and 2006. After his years at Alberta, he played the 2006–07 season in Europe with the Storhamar Dragons in Norway. He has played the last two years (2007–08 and 2008–09) in Europe with the Rødovre Mighty Bulls in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20831216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831216" title="KMB Route B1">
KMB Route B1

KMB Route B1 is a border bus route in Hong Kong, operated by Kowloon Motor Bus (KMB). The route via Tin Shui Wai, Yuen Long, and Lok Ma Chau. This route is operated by air-conditioned buses only.
Route history.
Route B1 was introduced on 15 August 2007, the day when Futian Control Point was opened. Originally the route operated between Lok Ma Chau Railway Station and Yuen Long Railway Station. Since 22 June 2008, it operates between Lok Ma Chau Railway Station and Tin Shui Wai Railway Station.
Route information.
General.
From Tin Shui Wai Railway Station
From Lok Ma Chau Railway Station
Routing.
From Tin Shui Wai: Tin Fuk Road, Ping Ha Road, Tin Yiu Road, Tin Wu Road, Tin Shing Road, Wang Tat Road, Ma Wang Road, Castle Peak Road, Long Yat Road, Castle Peak Road, Yuen Long Highway, San Tin Highway, Lok Ma Chau Road.
From Lok Ma Chau: Lok Ma Chau Road, San Tin Highway, Castle Peak Road, Yuen Long Highway, Castle Peak Road, Tin Shing Road, Tin Wu Road, Tin Yiu Road, Ping Ha Road, Tin Fuk Road.
Route stops.
From Tin Shui Wai: Tin Shui Wai Station, Sheung Cheung Wai, Tin Shui Wai Police Station, Sherwood Court, Tin Shui Wai Playground, Tin Tsz Estate, Fung Chi Tsuen, Shan Shui House, Villa by the Park, Yuen Long Police Station, Tung Lok Street, Kuk Ting Street, Yuen Long Station, Tung Tau Tsuen, Chau Tau Tsuen, Ha Wan Fisherman Village, Lok Ma Chau Station.
From Lok Ma Chau: Lok Ma Chau Station, Ha Wan Fisherman Village, Chau Tau Tsuen, Lok Ma Chau, Tung Tau Tsuen, Yau San Street, Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long Police Station, Shui Pin Tsuen, Yuen Long Park, Yiu Fung House (Tin Yiu Estate), Yiu Man House (Tin Yiu Estate), Sheung Cheung Wai, Tin Shui Wai Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20831229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831229" title="Goričica pri Ihanu">
Goričica pri Ihanu

Goričica pri Ihanu is a small settlement east of Ihan in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Goričica" to "Goričica pri Ihanu" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20831236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831236" title="Levi Yissar">
Levi Yissar

Levi Yissar was an Israeli engineer and entrepreneur. He built the first prototype Israeli solar water heater. In the 1950s there was a fuel and electricity shortage in the new Israeli state, and the government forbade heating water between 10 p.m. and 6 p.m. As the situation worsened, Yissar proposed that instead of building more electrical generators, homes should switch to solar water heaters. He built a prototype in his home, and in 1953 he started NerYah Company, Israel's first commercial manufacturer of solar water heaters. However, cheap oil from Iran and from oil fields captured in the Six-Day War made Israeli electricity cheaper and the demand for solar heaters to drop. Following the energy crisis in the 1970s, the Israeli Knesset passed a law requiring the installation of solar water heaters in all new homes (except high towers with insufficient roof area). As a result, Israel is now the world leader in the use of solar energy "per capita" (3% of the primary national energy consumption).

</doc>
<doc id="20831245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831245" title="Longing for You">
Longing for You

"Longing for You" is an American song performed by a number of popular artists in the 1950s and is based on a German song written by Oscar Straus written 1906/7 called EIN WALZERTRAUM (A WALTZ DREAM.
Vic Damone and Teresa Brewer had chart hits with the song in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20831248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831248" title="Sam Gleaves">
Sam Gleaves

Sam Gleaves was an English football manager, noted for being the secretary of Burslem Port Vale for nine years at the turn of the 20th century, from 1896 until May 1905. During his time at the club, Vale won re-election from the Midland Football League into the Football League Second Division in 1898–99, reached the Birmingham Senior Cup final in 1899 and 1900 and the Staffordshire Senior Cup final in 1900, and won the Staffordshire Senior Charity Cup in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="20831304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831304" title="Ray Gardner (baseball)">
Ray Gardner (baseball)

Raymond Vincent Gardner (October 25, 1901 – May 3, 1968) was a Major League Baseball shortstop who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians in 82 games during the 1929 Cleveland Indians season and 33 games during the 1930 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20831317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831317" title="Jeff Carlson">
Jeff Carlson

Jeff Carlson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20831330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831330" title="Gorjuša">
Gorjuša

Gorjuša is a small village in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Krumperk Castle stands just south of the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20831406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831406" title="Shannon Gugerty">
Shannon Gugerty

Shannon Kevin Gugerty (born December 30, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist. 
Mixed martial arts career.
Gugerty made his MMA debut in 2005, defeating Cub Swanson at Total Combat 4. He went on to appear prominently in Total Combat, then moved upwards to the UFC when he was to appear against the then-undefeated Dale Hartt at . Gugerty defeated Hartt by submission in the 1st round.
Gugerty went on to appear against Spencer Fisher at UFC 90, as a last-minute replacement for Melvin Guillard. Fisher submitted Gugerty in the third round via triangle choke. Gugerty would later defeat wrestling specialist Matt Grice at UFC 100 with a guillotine choke in the first round. 
Gugerty fought Terry Etim on November 14, 2009 at UFC 105. He lost via submission (guillotine choke) in the second round. Etim had the guillotine locked in for almost 30 seconds before Gugerty tapped. 
Gugerty faced Clay Guida on March 21, 2010 at , replacing an injured Sean Sherk. Gugerty lost via second round submission. Following his loss to Guida, Gugerty was released from the promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="20831407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831407" title="Clarence Garrett">
Clarence Garrett

Clarence Raymond Garrett (March 6, 1891 – February 11, 1977) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. Nicknamed "Laz", he pitched four games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1915 Cleveland Indians season. He went to school at West Liberty State College.

</doc>
<doc id="20831411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831411" title="Timeline of myocardial infarction pathology">
Timeline of myocardial infarction pathology

This table gives an overview of the pathology seen in myocardial infarction by time after obstruction.
For the first ~30 minutes no change at all can be seen by gross examination or by light microscopy in histopathology. However, in electron microscopy relaxed myofibrils, as well as glycogen loss and mitochondrial swelling can be seen.
Once scarring is completed, there is yet no common method of telling the actual age of the infarct, since e.g. a scar that is four months old looks identical to a scar that is ten years old.
Instead of a triphenyltetrazolium chloride dye, a LDH (lactate dehydrogenase) dye can also be used to visualize an area of necrosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20831426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831426" title="Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway">
Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway

Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20831444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831444" title="Joe Schofield">
Joe Schofield

Joseph Alfred "Joe" Schofield (1 January 1871 – 29 September 1929) was an English footballer and football manager. 
A winger, he played for Stoke between 1891 and 1899, winning himself three England caps in the process. He was later appointed as Stoke's manager in 1915, before he left the post in 1919. He took up the reins at nearby Port Vale in March 1920. He remained in charge at Vale until his death nine years later. Though he did not pick up any major honours with either Stoke or Vale, he is considered a legend at both clubs as he played for Stoke in the First Division for eight years, and managed Vale in the Second Division for nine years.
Playing career.
Club level.
A native of Hanley, Schofield was the son of an alderman and rose to prominence playing in the Methodist North Staffordshire leagues. He joined nearby Football League club Stoke in September 1891. He made a goalscoring debut at the Victoria Ground in a 3–0 league win over Burnley on 10 October, and scored again in his next two matches, against Derby County and Aston Villa. He finished the season as the club's top-scorer with 12 goals in 20 appearances. He was again top-scorer in 1892–93 with 13 goals in 30 appearances, including a hat-trick in a 3–3 draw with Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park on 25 February. Schofield was again top-scorer in 1893–94 with 16 goals in 30 games. The "Potters" struggled in the 1894–95 season, and were forced to play against Second Division high-flyers Newton Heath in a test match to retain their First Division status – Stoke won the match 3–0, with Schofield getting two of the goals; over the course of the campaign he was the club's joint-top scorer (with William Dickson), with 13 goals in 31 games.
Stoke improved, and posted a sixth place finish in 1895–96, with Schofield scoring nine goals in 32 games, including a hat-trick in a 6–1 home win over Small Heath on 19 October. However despite him scoring 13 goals in 31 games, Stoke finished a disappointing 13th in 1896–97. He hit five goals in 33 games in 1897–98, including one against Burnley at Turf Moor in the test matches. He scored 11 goals in 19 games in 1898–99. However he was then forced to retire at the age of 28 due to ill health, having made 230 appearances for Stoke, scoring 94 goals. He went on to become a schoolmaster at Broom Street School in his native Hanley.
International level.
He was capped by his country three times between 1892 and 1895. His first game was at at outside-left against Wales on 5 March 1892, he scored in his second match against Wales on 13 March 1893 at the Victoria Ground. His third game was against Ireland on 9 March 1895. All three games were in the British Home Championship, and England won all three tournaments in which he played. despite this success, he was dropped in favour of Fred Spiksley. He also represented the Football League in 1893 and 1897 against first the Scottish and then the Irish leagues.
Style of play.
Possessing of a fine left foot, Schofield showed "individuality and flair" on the pitch. He was an entertaining and classy player and could confuse opponents by swaying from side to side before finding the net with a long range shot.
Management career.
Stoke.
He returned to Stoke as manager during World War I, and led the team in 1915–16, 1916–17, 1917–18, and 1918–19. The club competed in the Lancashire Section of the war league, and Stoke actually finished first in the Primary Competition in 1917–18, beating teams such as Manchester City, Manchester United, and Liverpool. However the competition was not considered to be competitive, and the games and achievements are not recognised by the Football League. Schofield did not take charge at Stoke for the return of league action in 1919–20, having been replaced by Arthur Shallcross.
Port Vale.
Schofield remained in the Potteries after leaving the Victoria Ground, and was appointed as the secretary of Port Vale in March 1920, taking over from Tom Holford. Schofield was a 'man of well-balanced judgement', 'the player's friend, confidant and counsellor' with a knack of discovering and developing promising players. Vale ended the 1919–20 season in 13th place in the Second Division.
In preparation for the 1920–21 campaign, he signed full-back Bob Pursell from Liverpool, as well as inside-forward Tom Page from St. Mirren, and right-half Freddy Price from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He sold William Aitken to Newcastle United for a fee of £2,500. Vale beat Potteries derby rivals Stoke home and away, but their form suffered heavily with the sale of top-scorer Bobby Blood to West Bromwich Albion for a club record £4,000 in February. His side eventually finished 17th, six points clear of bottom club Stockport County.
For the 1921–22 campaign he signed Jack Hampson from Aston Villa for £1,000; Albert Pearson from Liverpool; half-back Ernest Collinge; centre-half from Nottingham Forest Robert Firth (a future Real Madrid manager); young Scottish midfielder Bob Connelly; and forward Billy Agnew from Falkirk. Despite this activity, the team were defeated five times in their first six games. They remained rock bottom until a remarkable turn around in form saw them go unbeaten in nine games from 4 February to 1 April. Vale eventually finished 18th, three points ahead of relegated Bradford Park Avenue. At the end of the season £3,000 was trimmed from the wage bill by letting go of Bob Pursell, who had broken his leg; aged half-back Joe Brough who was said to have felt 'worn out'; 38-year old stopper Walter Smith; forward Albert Pearson; 35-year old Robert Firth; and 33-year old Jack Peart.
To replace these veterans, Schofield signed five noteworthy attacking players for the 1922–23 campaign: Millwall winger Patrick Donoghue; 'robust' inside-right John Gordon from Queen's Park; James Smith from Plymouth Argyle; Tom Reid from Ayr United; and experienced winger Billy Harrison from Manchester United. In January he spent £100 on Darlaston's inside-left Tom Butler. Vale's form and crowd attendances at The Old Recreation Ground over the course of the season were poor, though six away wins helped them to record a 17th place finish, two points ahead of relegated Rotherham County.
He prepared for 1923–24 by bringing in Stalybridge Celtic goalkeeper Tommy Lonsdale; Macclesfield Town 'penalty king' right-back Jack Maddock; Leeds United tough-tackling half-back Alf Dark; Bolton Wanderers winger Jack Lowe; Clyde's reliable forward Fred Howard; and Exeter City goal machine Harold Crockford. He later bought Ireland international Louis Bookman for £250 from Luton Town. Tom Butler died of lockjaw on 11 November, eight days after sustaining a broken arm in a draw at Clapton Orient. Schofield brought winger Arthur Bridgett out of retirement despite the fact that he had not played a league game since 1912. He also played Tom Holford on 5 April 1924 at the age of 46. The club finished the season in 16th place, five points ahead of relegated Nelson.
He brought in veteran Everton goalkeeper Tom Fern, young half-back Sidney Blunt, and Stoke winger Billy Tempest for the 1924–25 season. After a difficult start to the season fans became impatient, and Len Birks was sold to Sheffield United for 'a substantial sum', whilst Alfred Strange was brought in from Portsmouth. Vale won won ten of their first thirteen league games in 1925, with striker Wilf Kirkham proving to be prolific. The "Valiants" finished in eighth, fifteen points behind second-placed Manchester United.
The playing staff were deemed satisfactory to meet the demands of the new 1925–26 season, though tactics were shifted to more long-ball play. In March, young right-back Tom Cooper was sold to eventual promotion-winners Derby County for £2,500. Fifteen home wins helped to propel the club into an eighth place finish, comfortably mid-table without any prospects of relegation or promotion.
Schofield added Stoke left-half Vic Rouse and Stockport County half-back George Whitcombe to the squad for the 1926–27 campaign. Vale lost just one of their first ten games, before injuries affected their form. Goalkeeper Tom Fern was one of the injured, and so 44-year old Howard Matthews was re-signed, having left the club nineteen years earlier. To boost the strike-force Stewart Littlewood and Jack Simms were signed from Luton Town and Leek Alexandra respectively. Vale finished in eighth place again, and Schofield was given the title of manager.
Schofield added to his squad for the 1927–28 campaign by signing Alf Bennett (Nottingham Forest), David Rollo (Blackburn Rovers), Alex Trotter (South Shields), and Robert Gillespie (Luton Town). He also later signed Bert Fishwick from Blackpool. Vale went on to finish in ninth place, again always seeming likely to remain in the Second Division. At the end of the campaign he released Jack Lowe, Sidney Blunt, and Alex Trotter.
He signed Jack Prince from Oldham Athletic for the 1928–29 season, but otherwise maintained a fairly consistent first eleven. They started in average form before losing six of seven games in December in the midst of an injury crisis. In January, the popular high-scoring Littlewood was traded to Oldham for veteran striker Albert Pynegar and £1,300. Despite beating West Bromwich Albion 8–1, they were thumped 7–1 at Preston North End and 6–0 at Barnsley. They beat Bristol City 5–0 on the final day of the season, but still finished 21st, two points behind Bristol City, and were thus relegated. Vic Rouse, Alf Bennett, and David Rollo were let go. Club legend Tom Page also announced his retirement, whilst goal machine Wilf Kirkham was sold to Stoke City for £2,800.
To fire the club straight back out of the Third Division North in 1929–30, Schofield signed Tom Baxter (Wolverhampton Wanderers), Frank Watkin (Stoke City), Sam Jennings (Nottingham Forest), Arthur Brown (Reading), and Bill Cope (Bolton Wanderers). However his death cut short his career on 29 September 1929, with Vale top of the league. They would go on to win the title under Tom Morgan, regaining their second tier status.

</doc>
<doc id="20831446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831446" title="Penghu National Scenic Area">
Penghu National Scenic Area

The Penghu National Scenic Area is one of the National Scenic Areas of the Republic of China (Taiwan), and covers most, but not all of the islands and islets that form Penghu County. These islands have a total of 320 kilometers of shoreline. A National Scenic Area is not a National Park. National Scenic Areas fall within the control of the Tourism Bureau of the Ministry of Transportation and Communications of the Republic of China, while national parks fall within the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Interior of the Republic of China. The philosophies that govern the development of the two types of areas differ. For a national park the emphasis is on the preservation of natural and cultural resources, and development for human utilization is definitely a secondary priority. For a national scenic area, the priorities are more balanced between preservation and tourism utilization. This has led to conflicts between preservationists and those more favorable to the development of the area. The National Park Law of the Republic of China only applies to the latter areas. Studies about the project were first debated since the beginning of 1990 and, after a year of evaluations carried out by the Tourism Bureau of the Ministry of Transportation and Communications of the Republic of China, it was officially created in February 1991, when the Penghu office was finally established. The aim of the project was to "efficiently utilize the local resources and help Penghu's economic growth", while building vacation spots on the coast of Taiwan's only island county to attract both Taiwanese nationals and foreigners, making of Penghu an "International tourism vacation center". It is a well known scenic area for its sandy beaches. The tourist season in Penghu starts in April and peaks from June through August. The Scenic Area attracts thousands of weekenders with its brisk sea breezes and scenery. But when the autumn gales begin to blow in October, the archipelago becomes deserted until April, when warmer weather seems to thaw the local tourism industry. In addition to its rich oceanic resources, Penghu offers fantastic sights of basalt column formations. The scenic area lures more than 200 species of migratory birds, making it an important spot for Asia's birdwatchers. It was not always like this: for much of the second half of the past century, the Government of the Republic of China saw the islands in mainly political and military terms, as a naval base: "Penghu was regarded as a military base until the early 1990s. As a result, the central government never wanted to develop the islands, which resulted in Penghu's shortages of water and electricity and, of course, a lot of five-star hotels".
The National Scenic Area comprises most, but not all, of Penghu County, and its divided into three recreation areas:
North Sea recreation area (北海遊憩系統).
Tropical fishes and lots of coral reefs. The place is home to green sea turtles and whales.
Among the tourism routes in Penghu, the natural landscape and ecology of the North Sea islets, fishing villages and water activities are the most popular among tourists. The entire Jibei islet of Penghu North Sea is 3.1 square kilometres in area, and it has a coastline of 10 km; being the largest island on the North Sea recreation area. The Sand Beach Beak, southwest of Jibei islet houses a white sand beach extending 1500m, mainly composed of corals and shell fragments that were shipped to shore by the sea. The North Sea Recreation Area is a perfect site for all kinds of water activities. Xianjiao islet; situated south of Jibei islet, won its name due to the vast amount of submerged reefs around the island (Xianjiao means dangerous reefs), and houses rich resources under the sea; the sand beach and its shallow coral ground is the best place for snorkeling and water activities. Tiejhan islet is a classic basaltic hill terrain, and many seabirds come here during the summer to dwell and breed, making this place a spot for bird-watching. The nearby Gupo islet has an abrasion plateau which will be covered in the best quality wild laver at the end of winter, which is the ideal season for laver harvest. Mudou islet situated at the north end houses the Mudou islet Lighthouse.
Jibei islet (吉貝嶼).
Jibei is commonly used for water activities, and the island houses various types of recreational activities, including banana boat, dragged buoy, two-man speedboat, water motorcycle, under-the-sea sightseeing boat, paragliding and snorkeling. Another tourism feature of Jibei is the number of "stone weirs" housed here; there are over 80 stone weirs, more than any other places in Penghu, thus winning the name "Home of the Stone Weirs"
Mudou islet (目斗嶼).
Mudou islet is situated at the north end of the Penghu islands, only 7 km away from Jibei islet to the south; the island is 454 metres in perimeter and only 0.021 square kilometres in area, it is a tiny islet, famous for its Mudou Lighthouse. The waters between Mudou islet and Jibei islet consist of a deep water abrasion platform, and submerged reefs can be found everywhere in the area, hence, the numerous accounts of shipwrecks. It is said that ancestors who lived on Jibei used to pick up floating stuff from the wrecked ships. But for precisely the same reason, animals and plants under the sea can all enjoy sufficient sunlight, and people above water can also see right to the bottom of the ocean. To ensure the safety of the boats while travelling the dangerous area, the lighthouse was built on Mudou in 1921, when Taiwan was a Japanese colony. An iron-framed lighthouse of 40 metres high, painted in black and white stripes, standing as the tallest lighthouse in East Asia.
The lighthouse is equipped with its own generators. The basalt that formed Mudou islet still maintains its primitive landscape, with black rocks tightly surrounding the island. There is a shallow sand belt between Mudou and Jibei, extending hundreds of meters long and 5m wide, where the water only comes up to the knees. Seashells can also be found. Another special landscape of Mudou islet is the underwater tunnel. It is at the bottom of a steep cliff, hidden by the sea during flood tide, but when the tide ebbs, people can walk in sideways. The tunnel is about 80m long, it is a special basalt fissure.
Gupo islet (姑婆嶼).
Gupo islet is situated northwest of Baisha and southwest of Jibei islet. It is a mesa plateau composed by basalt; extending 1 metre from north to south, being the largest unmanned island among the Penghu archipelago. The islet has a lot of vesicular basalt, but the surface is covered with ferrugieous quartz sandstone. The islet houses a British Shipwreck Monument, on its east side is the silver anchovy fish ground, and the southeast side houses corals. The north side is the famous laver ground, Penghu island has a lot of reefs and is extremely windy with big waves during the winter, and this place is known far and wide for its abundant harvest of laver; towards the end of every lunar year, there will be a large harvest event, when firecrackers will be lit, and everybody will bring out their best skills to harvest laver.
The origin of the name Gupo has aroused the curiosity from many. There is a legend that says that a long time ago, there lived a young lady, who had a boyfriend whom she had loved for years; however, her parents were against this relationship and forced her to marry someone else. The girl decided to run away from home to fight against her parents' decision to marry her to someone else, and also to prove that her love with her boyfriend was strong. She came to the unmanned island and lived out her days all alone. When her younger family members visited her, they would call her "Gupo" (姑婆, great aunt) out of respect.
Xianjiao islet (險礁嶼).
Xianjiao islet is located south of Jibei islet, Baisha Township in Penghu County, and north of Chihkan. This place won its name because it is surrounded by submerged reefs (險礁, xianjiao), but the surrounding underwater natural resources are rich, making this a great spot for snorkeling. In addition to the abrasion platform formed by a small rock on the east half of Xianjiao islet, most of the island is a white sand beach composed of sand grains, shell and coral fragments. The name warns passing-by boats to beware of the waters here.
Yuanbei islet (員貝嶼).
Yuanbei islet is situated east of the Citou Village on Baisha islet. The entire Yuanbei islet is a hill, and it was named so because it is shaped like a seashell covering the water (員貝 means "circular shell"). The basalt columnar joints of the north coast on Yuanbei are well developed, among which, the stone pen and stone ink holder is most renowned; the east coast of Yuanbei islet has a piece of flat columnar basalt, with its surfaces full of wrinkles just like a pleated skirt; this is a place visitors know for its "one pen, one ink holder, one skirt" view, currently listed as the Basalt Reservation Area.
Yuanbei islet shallow water path.
When the tide ebbs, there will be a shallow water path extending from Cao islet to the Guardian Stone; the 4.6 km shallow water path can take you to Shagang Village on the other side. The Yuanbei islet shallow water path is composed of stone plates, stone fragments and coral reefs, it is a sea path which Yuanbei ancestors used to rely on for outside contact, bearing significant historical meaning, adding to the fact that there is a rich shallow sea ecology here, the Yuanbeiyu shallow water path has become a popular route in recent years.
Magong Island Recreation Area (馬公本島遊憩系統).
Magong Island Recreation Area includes Magong Island (馬公本島, the main island), Pengnan area (澎南地區), Xiyu Township (西嶼鄉), Baisha Township (白沙鄉) and Huxi Township (湖西鄉).
During the Ming and Qing Dynasties, Magong City (馬公市) was an important commercial and trade center across the Taiwan Strait, which gradually evolved into an important administration area for Penghu today. After hundreds of years, many historic heritages were left behind (Dutch, Portuguese and French). Magong City reflects in its architecture the historical evolution of the county.
Xiyu Township is situated west of the Magong Island. The island is filled with well-known tourist sites, including the natural bay of Zhuwan (竹灣), and the Dachi (大池) sand beach on the southwest side, which is the most famous beach in the national scenic area and the county. The "Yuweng Lighthouse" (漁翁燈塔), standing on the southeast end of the island, is the oldest lighthouse in the whole of Taiwan.
Baisha Township is a famous spot for bird-watching. The nearby Chikan (赤崁) underground reservoir is the one and only underground reservoir in Taiwan.
The northeast coast of Huxi Township is geologically complicated, and a long period of erosion has led to a multi-variant geological environment, such as Beiliao Peninsula (北寮半島) and Qingluo Peninsula (青螺半島).
Beiliao Recreation Area (北寮遊憩區).
“Starry Kuibi”(奎壁聯輝) of Beiliao Kuibi (北寮奎壁) is one of the eight most renowned views in the Magong area of the National Scenic Area, and wave-chasing in Kuibishan (奎壁山), located in Beiliao, has become an important tourism resource in Penghu. The original name was very similar to its present one: the place was firstly named Guibishan (龜壁山), which translated means "turtle wall mountain", because when looking at Beiliao coast from a distance, the area's shape resembles a sea turtle bending over on the sea. However, this suggestive name was later changed to its present one, which sounds pretty similar: Kuibishan (奎壁山), which is a homonymic sound.
In the past, on a full-moon night, when there were still many fishing boats out on the sea towards the east, you would feel as if you were part of the starry sky; thus such view was named "Starry Kuibi".
Guoye Sunrise Observatory (菓葉觀日樓).
Located to the south of the previous location, the observatory
Nei'an Recreation Area (內垵遊憩區).
Nei'an Recreation Area houses an enormous beach, well known for its clear waters and white sand. The flat terrain provided residents of Nei'an Village (內垵村) and Wai'an Village (外安村) a place to play with water and engage in intertidal zone activities. At the back of the beach is a narrow wooden path built according to the terrain, from there, you can look at Houziwei Cape (鱟仔尾岬) in Chixi (池西) from a distance. 
Neian North Sea Fishing Port has been selected by the Penghu County Government to build the first Waterpark in Taiwan.
Xiaomen Geology Gallery (小門地質館).
Penghu is primarily composed of solidified lava from successive volcano eruptions, that endured and suffered the erosion of wind, rain and wave erosion during centuries, before becoming the present geological landscape. The place is known for its shaped rocks. Xiaomen Geology Gallery is situated at the entrance of the Xiaomen Recreational Area. The exhibition hall houses an information post.
Xiaomen islet (小門嶼).
Xiaomen islet (Xiaomen Yu) is situated in Xiaomen Village (小門村) in Xiyu Township, north of Xi islet (西嶼), being 0.5121 square kilometers in area. It has long been known as the "Pearl of Houmen". Xiaomen Bridge connects Xiaomen islet with Xi islet Township, where there is a Scenic Center and a car park, as well as a path around the island, making this a famous scenic site. The name has its own history: East of Xiaomen Village lies a path with mountains on both sides. In the past, this path was the only access to the outside for villagers in the village, and the path looked like a small door (the literal meaning of Xiaomen) from a distance, hence the name.
Tongliang Great Banyan (通樑古榕).
In front of the Baoan Temple (保安宮) in Tongliang Village (通樑村), there is an old banyan (Ficus benghalensis) dated over 300 years, which is the oldest and largest tree in Penghu, (it occupies a total of 95 cubic feet), which provides shadow for people. If visitors do not look closely, they can hardly tell that they are all from the same trunk. There is a legend about this tree: it says that during 1662–1722, a merchant vessel passed the waters around Tongliang when it encountered a shipwreck, and the only thing that survived was a sapling floating on the sea. Residents of Tongliang picked it up and planted it in front of the temple; judging by this legend, the Tongliang Great Banyan could possibly be over 300 years old. However, there is still another legend saying that the Tongliang Great Banyan is probably only a hundred years old: according to Chinese planting customs, trees are usually planted after a temple is built, so, judging by the history of Baoan Temple, which was established just over a hundred years ago, and not three centuries, the Tongliang Great Banyan could be not that old.
Zhongtun Wind Power Area (中屯風力區).
The wind farm sits in Zhongtun Village (中屯村) of Baisha Township, and it was the second wind farm to be built in the Republic of China. It has been in operation since August 2001. Such a construction would be unthinkable if Penghu were a National park.
Caiyuan Leisure Fishery Farm (菜園休閒漁業區).
During the Qing Dynasty, the terrain here was relatively lower than today with abundant water resources and rich fertile soils. Green vegetables were growth in large patches, so the place was named Caiyuan, which literally translates as vegetable garden.
Caiyuan is situated southeast of Magong, close to the inner bay northeast of the inland sea; the rich oceanic resources housed here enables a diversified ecology park, including wetland ecology and shallow coral grounds. Like all fishing ports, Caiyuan Fishing Port also has fresh fishes from the sea, and oyster and near-sea net cage activities can also be seen. There is a "Caiyuan Life Memorial Park" nearby.
Shili Beach (蒔裡沙灘).
The beach is situated on Fenggui Peninsula (風櫃半島), down the south end of Magong City. This spot, located on the southwestern side, extends over 1 kilometer and it's also a well known sandy beach. Water activities and snorkeling can be practiced here. There is an earth mound just north of Shili Village (蒔裡村), shaped like a shamao (紗帽), the hat officials wore in the pre-republican era. Following this similarity, the mound was called Shamao Hill (紗帽山). Shili just happens to be inside the extended part of the "shamao" (pronounced as "shi" in Taiwanese). Hence the village was named "Shinei" (蒔內) or "Shili" (蒔裡). Both “nei” and “li” means “inside”).
Shanshui Beach (山水沙灘).
Shanshui used to be called "sow in water" (豬母落水). A legend says that there was once a sow on the beach who got dragged into the sea by a giant octopus, so the place was named sow in water. During the Japanese colonization of Taiwan and Penghu, the place was renamed to "sow water" (豬母水), and then "Shanshui" (山水) after the retrocession of both Taiwan and Penghu to the Republic of China on the 25th of October 1945 at the end of the Second World War. The area comprised between Guanyin Mountain (觀音山), near the Shanshui fishing port east of Shanshui south-bank, and Zhumushuishan (豬母水山) on the west side, is called Zhumushuian (豬母水垵).
Fenggui Cave (風櫃洞).
To listen to the waves at Fenggui Cave is a well-known activity in Penghu. Fenggui Village (風櫃里) is situated at the very end of Fenggui Peninsula (風櫃半島), so this place used to be called "End of Fenggui" (風櫃尾). The south coast of the village has well-developed basalt columns, and there is an abrasion ditch eroded by the waves and a sea hole at the bottom of the abrasion ditch due to erosion. From the sea hole, there is an opening that goes up to the ground following the joint fissure, so that every time the tide rises, the waves will pour into the abrasion ditch, push the air inside the sea hole, and gush out the opening along the joint fissure carrying some sea water, making a howling sound, just like the noise made by a wind pumper.
Lintou Park and Aimen Beach (林投公園、隘門沙灘).
The beach in front of Lintou Park stretches across four villages, including Jianshan (尖山), Wuni (烏泥), Lintou (林投) and Aimen (隘門), rounding to a total of over 3,000 meters. It is the longest beach in the entire Penghu, surrounding the south coast of Hushi Township (湖西鄉). The sand on the beach is thin and smooth, the water is clear and clean. Originally obscure (it is next to the No. 9 public cemetery), people initially didn't pay attention to the beach at all. With the help of the Northeast monsoon, sand here were started to swept away and the beach was gradually disappearing. However, starting from 1998, "Li Tianyu", head of Aimen Village (隘門村), started reforming the community beach himself with the help of his son, putting up street lamps and nets to stop the sand from disappearing. Their effort finally won the attention of the county government and the Penghu National Scenic Center, which listed budgets to reconstruct Aimen beach, finally making this place the beach it is today.
South Sea recreation area (南海遊憩系統).
South sea recreation area includes Tongpan islet (桶盤嶼), Hujing islet (虎井嶼), Wang'an Township (望安鄉) and Cimei Township (七美鄉). Tongpan islet and Hujing islet are both known for their abundant geological features: the entire Tongpan islet is surrounded by basalt columns of clear lines that form walls, the most enriched in Penghu, and has long been known as the “Yellowstone Park of Penghu”.
Wang'an Township (望安鄉) used to be known as "Bazhao" (八罩), "zhao (罩) in Taiwanese means "collective", which is the collection of eight islands. Since Wang'an Island houses a harbor with a seabed composed by a mixture of sand beach and mud, in the early days, in addition to coastal fishery and intertidal zone fishing, local residents used to round up catches with a drag net. The sound was pretty similar to the Chinese pronunciation of 望安 (wang'an), hence the name.
Cimei islet (七美嶼) is the fifth largest island in Penghu, and it's situated at the south end of the archipelago. The natural terrain is well preserved on the island. The spot has had several names during history: between 1662 and 1722, Cimei islet was called "Nan Islet" (South islet, 南嶼), later on the name was changed to "Nanda Islet" (big south islet, 南大嶼). During the last days of the Qing Dynasty, the name was changed again to “Da islet” (big islet, 大嶼), and this name was used until after the retrocession of Taiwan to the Republic of China in 1945. In 1949, the fourth mayor of Penghu County, Mr. Liu Yanfu (劉燕夫), agreed to change the official name of the islet to "Cimei" (in Mandarin Chinese it means seven beauties, 七美). The local legend says that there were seven beautiful women on the island that, in order to avoid being raped by pirates, committed suicide throwing themselves into a water well. The site of the well is now revered as the tomb of the seven.
Tongpan Geology Park (桶盤地質公園).
Tongpan islet is 6 nautical miles off the coast of Magong Island. The entire island is surrounded by columns of basalt. The columnar joints and platy joints on this island are all very well developed: being originally a hexagon or a pentagon, the rock columns are now pretty much circular on the edges due to erosion. The color has also faded due to oxidation, some parts of the basalt columns have already been transformed into a ball shape. There is an abrasion platform on the southwestern coast of Tongpan that has a concentric circles formed by the basalt lava, called the "lotus platform" (蓮花座).
Hujing Islet Recreation Area (虎井嶼遊憩區).
Hujing islet sits seven nautical miles off the coast of Magong City. The trip from there takes about 25 minutes by boat. The seventh largest island in Penghu is flat and low in the center, rising up on the east and west, with basaltic transverse joints lined up along the coast. When the tide ebbs, visitors can see the clear sea water, which is what makes this place, "Hujing Clear Deep" (虎井澄淵), one of the eight best known sights in Penghu. There is also a legend: the legend of "Hujing Sunken City" (虎井沈城). It says that there was something that resembled a decadent city wall lying at the bottom of the ocean beneath Hujing. There has never been a real answer as to what the truth really is, and there has long been two discrepant theories among academics: one states that "the sunken ancient city is the basaltic columnar joint terrain extended under the sea from Tongpan and Hujing, therefore forming the false impression of a sunken city". The other theory says that there must be another reason for it, because the structure is documented in historical literature, and not only is in the ancient history books, but also in many local legends that name this unusual sight.
Yuanyang Hole, Zangjun Cave (鴛鴦窟、藏軍洞).
"Mandarin ducks hole" (Yuanyang Hole) is situated northeast of Wang'an Island. It is a naturally formed valley. Legend says that in the early days, there were many water holes here, and mandarin ducks used to dabble with water and rest here, hence it was named “Yuanyang Hole” (鴛, yuan, means male Mandarin duck -Aix galericulata- and 鴦, yang, means female Mandarin duck). There is an islet that forms a barrier on the sea that protects the place from strong waves. The islet has a mountain that resembles a horse (馬, ma, in Mandarin Chinese), so the islet is called Ma'an Mountain Islet (馬鞍山嶼). Taking this into consideration, the place was transformed into an important Japanese Navy base during the Japanese occupation of Taiwan and Penghu. The origins of Zangjun Cave are closely associated with this period of the history of Taiwan too. In 1944, during the Second World War, the Imperial Japanese Army forced the residents of Wang'an and Zangjun islands to dig this cave to store gunpowder and weapons. It was also designed to be used as a bomb shelter for residents to cover from air raids. Just before it was to be completed, Japan declared its unconditional surrender, and the base was abandoned. Many of the caves initially built have collapsed, but some of them can still be seen.
Tiantai Hill (天台山).
Tiantai Hill is situated on Wang'an Islet. Gangqiu Grassland (岡丘草原) is the highest place on Tiantai Hill. Nearby, the place for the famous Penghu aragonite can be seen. The surrounding grassland is flat, with occasional cattle or goats trotting by. Tiantai Hill has become the best place to watch Wang'an Islet and Hua islet from a distance. Tiantai Hill is a piece of micro-gabbro rock with sheeting joints. There is a magnificent basalt landscape beneath the sea cliff on the west side and visitors will also see a hole of about 30 meters high that leads directly to the sea. Some "stone flowers" can also be seen.
Wang'ankou Beach (網垵口沙灘).
Wang'ankou beach is called the "Dream Beach" because of its soft white sand accompanied by clear blue ocean. Whenever the tide rises, the clean white beach will enter the clear blue ocean. When watched from the distance, it looks just like a skirt, swaying in the wind. The beach is also a place green turtles migrate back to. From May to October, visitors can see the crawl marks on the beach left behind by the turtles. Professional guides provide tourists with the necessary explanations.
Green Turtle Tourism and Conservation Center (綠蠵龜保育中心).
In 1994, the first green turtle carrying a satellite tracker set out from Wang'an in Penghu, heading North crossed the Taiwan Strait, through the East China Sea Shelf, ending up in an island south of Kyūshū in Japan. The turtle spent three years and traveled 3,400 kilometers back to Penghu, providing an important record for the research of green turtles in Taiwan. Many beaches on the island of Taiwan were recorded to have sea turtles coming ashore to lay eggs, but as development changed the coastal environment, fewer places were able to support natural life. Today, there are only a few places left in the island of Taiwan, but the reserve in Wang'an Township of Penghu County is a place where green turtles visit more often and more steady to lay eggs. Shouldn't be a surprise, considering the low level of development of the area. Standing southeast of Wang'an islet, there is a building shaped like a sea turtle: it's the "Green Turtle Tourism and Conservation Center”.
Zhongshe Historical House (中社古厝).
This spot is one of the more well-preserved traditional houses in Penghu County. Originally named "Flower House" (花宅), the legend says that when this village was firstly established, their ancestors looked at the local terrain, and discovered that the mountains surrounding the place were just like lotus petals. Therefore, they firstly named the land around "the heart of the flower" (山仔尾頂, Shanziweiding) and built a house, thus naming it "Flower House", also meaning that the house that was built at the heart of the flower. In 1971, the late president Chiang Ching-kuo visited the flower house, and observing that it sits in the middle of other four villages in Wang'an Township, renamed it "Zhongshe" (中社, the village in the middle). The village is filled with ancient houses that are built of coral. There were originally over 80 sanheyuan (三合院, old three-section compound house), and now only about 50 of them are still well-preserved. The architectural style of the historical houses in Zhongshe Village is called "one stamp" style sanheyuan (一顆印式三合院建築).
Twin Hearts Stone Weir (雙心石滬).
There are a total of 558 stone weirs in Penghu, and up to 88 of them are distributed around Jibei islet, ranking first in the world both in terms of number and density. Local ancestors fed generations of offspring toiling away with these stone weir. Cimei islet has only one stone weir, but because it is shaped like two hearts, it is famous for being the "twin hearts stone weir". Originally, the twin hearts stone weir was built out of basalt and coral reefs as traditional traps for fishing. Today, the catches have gradually decreased, but the twin hearts design of the stone weir attracts endless tourists here. Twin hearts stone weir is the most well-preserved stone weir in the entire of Penghu. Visitors should check the tide ebb time for the day to see the complete twin hearts shaped stone weir. Every year, a Penghu Stone Weir Festival (澎湖地區眾多石滬中) is held. This is a very big event for tourism in Penghu, together with the Penghu Gourmet Carnival.
Seven Beauties Tomb (七美人塚).
Situated 500 meters southeast of Nanhu Port in Cimei Township, the Seven Beauties Tomb is what remains of a well-known story of chastity. The story is also the origin of its place name. There are two stone tablets next to the Seven Beauties Tomb, on the left, is the Seven Beauties Tomb Stone established by the Japanese, and on the right is the Seven Beauties Song tablet, telling the story and origin of the Seven Beauties Tomb. In order for the spirits of the seven beauties to have a place to dwell, residents in Cimei built seven little houses next to the tomb, and placed seven sets of makeup in front of the tomb as offerings for them. Legend has it that during the Ming Dynasty, a group of pirates came ashore from the southern coast of Cimei. At that time, all the men on the island were out on the sea fishing, with the exception of children and old men. Women were also in the inland. Among them, there were seven ladies who were working nearby in the mountains, doing their laundry beside a water well when they were attacked by Japanese pirates. To avoid being raped by the pirates, the group decided to commit suicide by plunging into the water well. Afterwards, residents filled the water well with soil, and seven lushly catalpa bungei grew later on. In 1949, Mayor Liu Yanfu (劉燕夫) and General He Zhihao (何志浩) came to visit. General He was inspired by this story and wrote down a Seven Beauties Song on the spot, which was later carved onto the stone tablet; the song goes:
七美人兮百壁姿，抱貞拒絕兮死隨之， Generations of Penghu residents have made their living from the sea, but over-fishing has severely depleted stocks and damaged the local fishing industry. Tourism has become the only way out of economic hardship. But for a county with a thinning population, which receives more than 50% percent of its annual budget from central government subsidies, a solution is needed. Several projects aimed at attracting tourists in winter have been tried with only limited success:
During July 2003, the Public Construction Commission and the Penghu National Scenic Area Administration under the Ministry of Transportation and Communication's Tourism Bureau agreed a development project in Jibei Islet (吉貝嶼): the more than NT$ 300 million investment would turn 22 hectares of land and 210 hectares of surrounding sea into an international recreational tourist spot. Shopping malls, restaurants, a luxury five-star hotel containing 350 rooms and parking lots would be established. Shortly after, the concerned authorities invited bids for the project, which aimed at boosting local tourism.
This project soon met with strong opposition from local green activists: "What we see here is a solution for an unsatisfactory situation that actually makes things worse," Chen Yufeng (陳玉峰), an ecologist, said. "Why does the government intend to make the islet a source of pollutants, which would affect not only surrounding waters but also neighboring countries?" he also added. He wasn't alone in his protest: Green Formosa Front chairman Wu Dongjie (吳東傑) visited officials of the National Scenic Area Administration, arguing that the bidding process should be delayed: "The environmental impact assessment has not been done at all," Wu said. However, and according to Hong Zhiguang (洪志光), an official of the administration, the project was well-designed and took into consideration environmental concerns: "We have set aside 10 hectares of land for scientific activities," Hong said. In addition, Hong said, the government and developers would jointly recycle all waste water and have all garbage either incinerated or buried at an existing landfill.
Gambling controversy.
Some local residents expressed their concern about the economic development of the archipelago, shortly after the China Airlines Flight 611 fell near the county. Following the crash of the China Airlines plane on May 25, 2002, the island's scenic area went through its quietest summer in years. This situation once again caused many to look to legalizing gambling as a way to attract tourists. Such a move met some opposition within the county: many tourism experts and local residents said that legalizing gambling was an irresponsible way to promote Penghu's tourism. In response to pressure from Penghu residents during 2000, the central government agreed to give between NT$ 100 million and NT$ 200 million to the Penghu National Scenic Area Administration Office to promote the islands' tourism. This budget, however, did little to develop Penghu or its tourism industry: no large-scale projects were completed and, despite numerous promotions, the plentiful tourism resources of Penghu failed to draw crowds. "The money was spent on constructing new harbors based on election concerns, which resulted in the many unnecessary harbors in Penghu now," said an anti-gambling activist in Penghu. There are now 67 harbors servicing Penghu's 97 villages. "The quality of these harbors is poor, and Penghu's coastline was seriously damaged by their construction," the same activist explained.
To promote the Scenic Area, the local government hosted swimming events, fireworks displays and parades of elaborately decorated vehicles. Such options met the opposition of some councilors: "These events can't distinguish Penghu's qualities at all," said Gao Zhipeng (高植澎), a Democratic Progressive Party councilor from Penghu County. "We even spent money on importing the fireworks and flowers from Taiwan". Another controversial side-effect of the tourism drive is the construction of large, international-standard hotels, which will probably be the setting for the casinos if the pro-gambling lobby has its way. During the year 2000, the Scenic Area administration confirmed there were five holiday resorts being planned. The biggest would occupy more than 11 hectares, but only two of them, would target families and international tourists with facilities such as a shopping mall, spa, nightclubs and casinos.
Supporters of legalizing gambling said it would attract investment to the islands and create job opportunities for local residents. They also argued that gambling in Penghu would bring more than NT$ 20 billion in tax revenues for the local government. Other benefits would apparently be free medical treatment and transportation, NT$ 10,000 a month for elderly residents and free education for children, although details of these benefits were not explained. 
Critics argue that gambling would not only damage the islands' security and environment, but also increase the cost of living.

</doc>
<doc id="20831454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831454" title="1992 Stanley Cup playoffs">
1992 Stanley Cup playoffs

The 1992 Stanley Cup playoffs, the championship of the National Hockey League (NHL) began on April 18, after the conclusion of the 1991–92 NHL season. It was the 100th anniversary of the first awarding of the Stanley Cup, and it was won by the Pittsburgh Penguins, defeating the Chicago Blackhawks.
Playoff bracket.
"Note: All dates in 1992"

</doc>
<doc id="20831458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831458" title="List of Yozakura Quartet episodes">
List of Yozakura Quartet episodes

The episodes of the "Yozakura Quartet" anime are based on the manga series of the same name by Suzuhito Yasuda. They are directed by Kou Matsuo and produced by the animation studio Nomad. The plot of the episodes follows the members of the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office, Akina Hiizumi, a human that can use "tuning" to return yōkai to their world; Hime Yarizakura, a dragon yōkai who is the mayor of the town of Sakurashin; Ao Nanami, a satori with telepathic abilities; and Kotoha Isone, a half-human, half-yōkai who can conjure objects with her words. Together, they protect the townspeople of Sakurashin, a city where humans and yōkai coexist with one another.
The episodes aired from October 2, 2008 to December 18, 2008 on Tokyo Broadcasting System in Japan. Other networks that broadcast the episodes include BS-i, Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting, and Mainichi Broadcasting System. The anime adaptation of the manga was first confirmed in Kodansha's "Monthly Shōnen Sirius" magazine on March 26, 2008.
Two pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: one opening theme and one closing theme. The opening theme is "Just Tune" by the Japanese rock band Savage Genius, and the closing theme is by J-pop band Round Table. Singles that contain the theme songs and other tracks have been released; the single for "Just Tune" was released on October 16, 2008 and the single for "Nagareboshi" was released on October 22, 2008. A DVD compilation, which contains the first two episodes of the anime, was released on December 17, 2008 by Pony Canyon. Five more DVD compilations, each containing two episodes are slated for release between January 21, 2009 and May 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20831461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831461" title="Raimundo Valenzuela">
Raimundo Valenzuela

Raimundo Valenzuela de Leon (San Antonio de los Baños, 23 January 1848 – Havana, 27 April 1905) was a leading Cuban trombonist, composer and bandleader.
Life & career.
Valenzuela studied music under his father, Lucas: he learnt piano, viola, percussion, but was first employed by "Orquesta Flor de Cuba" as a trombonist. He was playing for "La Flor" in the Alhambra theatre in Havana in 1869, when a group of Spanish anti-revolutionary volunteers attacked the theatre and its patrons. That night the theatre had been performing anti-colonial works for the benefit of rebels declaring Cuban independence, in what became known as the Ten Years' War.
He established his band from the remains of Flor de Cuba after the death of its leader, Juan de Dios Alfonso. Like its forebear, the orchestra was a típica in format, based mostly on wind instruments. It was, like "Flor de Cuba", the most popular típica of its day. Valenzuela's bands played everywhere in Havana. They played for balls, the theatre, carnavals, and for all racial groups and all levels of society. 
Raimundo contributed financially and personally to the development of the Cuban War of Independence in 1895. When Raimundo died in 1905, his brother Pablo Valenzuela became Director of the orchestra.
Valenzuela's compositions were mostly danzones, such as "El negro bueno", "María Belen", "Los empleados de Tacón"; and the zarzuela "La mulata María".
The era of danzón.
The danzón developed first in Matanzas and Havana. The second phase of its evolution had been started by Miguel Faílde, who was a close friend of Valenzuela. Faíde's was the top band in Matanzas, as Valenzuela was in Havana. They often played together on big occasions.In 1883, for example, there was a double bill at the "Teatro Tacón", where the two bands played alternatively all night. It was in 1883 that Valenzuela added a third segment to the two-part structure created by Faílde, so completing the danzón's musical form. By the mid-1880s the danzón had become so popular that both Faílde and Valenzuela created back-up bands so as to be able to play two venues on the same night.
During carnaval, danzón dancing became a 'kind of delirium'; in 1893 no fewer than 150 dances were announced for Havana's carnaval. "In Havana it is a scandal taking on more alarming proportions every day." Especially targeted for criticism were the cheap dance-halls called "escuelitas". New dances have often drawn criticism, particularly when members of different races danced together. As early as 1879 we find "This dirty rhythm forced the dancers into obscene movements" "First we had the danza, then came the danzón... next it will be the rumba, and finally we'll all end up dancing ñáñigo!" 

</doc>
<doc id="20831465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831465" title="Sports in the Tampa Bay Area">
Sports in the Tampa Bay Area

The Tampa Bay Area is home to many sports teams and has a substantial history of sporting activity. Most of the region's professional sports franchises use the name "Tampa Bay", which is the name of a body of water, not of any city. This is to emphasize that they represent the wider metropolitan area and not a particular municipality.
Three teams compete at the major league level. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers play in the National Football League (NFL), Tampa Bay Lightning play in the National Hockey League (NHL), and the Tampa Bay Rays play in Major League Baseball (MLB). Additionally, six MLB teams hold their spring training camps in the area.
A number of minor league franchises play in the region as well, including the Tampa Bay Storm of the Arena Football League, the Tampa Bay Rowdies of the new North American Soccer League, and four minor league baseball teams competing in the Class-A Florida State League.
In intercollegiate sports, the University of South Florida Bulls compete in NCAA Division I, while Eckerd College, Saint Leo University and the University of Tampa compete in NCAA Division II.
Major pro sports.
Football.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL began play in old Tampa Stadium in 1976 as an expansion team. After losing an NFL-record 26 straight games to begin their existence, the Bucs reached the 1979 NFC Championship game only to sink back into futility with an NFL-record 14 straight losing seasons through the 1980s and early 1990s.
The franchise's fortunes began a turnaround in the mid-90s under coach Tony Dungy, and the success continued after the team moved into newly built Raymond James Stadium in 1999. The upward trend culminated in the Buc's first championship at the end of the 2002 season under coach Jon Gruden, when they defeated the Oakland Raiders in Super Bowl XXXVII. The Bucs have made several playoff appearances since then but have not returned to the championship game. They have been coached by Greg Schiano since 2012.
Baseball.
Major League Baseball.
Many attempts.
Minor league, amateur, and spring training baseball have long been very popular in the Tampa Bay area. As such, a fierce cross-bay competition for a potential Major League Baseball franchise developed in the 1980s and 1990s, with Tampa and St. Petersburg each vying to bring professional baseball to town. Despite warnings from MLB that expansion was not imminent, St. Pete began construction of the Florida Suncoast Dome in 1987 in the hopes of eventually landing a MLB team through expansion or relocation.
Many teams, including the Oakland A's, Texas Rangers, Seattle Mariners, Chicago White Sox, Minnesota Twins, and San Francisco Giants, considered moving to the vacant venue. Local investors actually bought part ownership of the Twins and, in another attempt, had an agreement to buy the Giants and bring them to St. Pete. However, for various reasons, all these attempts to bring major league baseball to the area fell short.
Tampa Bay was rumored to be a front-runner when MLB expanded by two teams in 1991, but Miami and Denver were chosen instead. Finally, in March 1995, St. Petersburg was awarded a major league expansion franchise along with Phoenix
Tampa Bay Rays.
The Tampa Bay Devil Rays began play in newly renamed Tropicana Field in 1998. The franchise struggled through its first 10 years of existence, finishing last in the American League's East Division in nine of those ten seasons. After (again) posting the worst record in baseball in 2007, however, the newly renamed "Rays" won 97 games in 2008, winning the AL East and the AL pennant to earn a berth in the 2008 World Series under manager Joe Maddon. Including 2008, the Rays have won two AL East titles and have made 4 playoff appearances in 5 seasons.
Spring training and minor leagues.
The area has had a long association with spring training baseball. The local tradition began in 1913, when the Chicago Cubs, lured by Tampa mayor D.B. McKay's pledge to pay the team's expenses, trained at Plant Field. St. Petersburg mayor Al Lang made a similar push, and in 1914, the St. Louis Browns became the first of many teams to train in St. Pete, being succeeded by the Philadelphia Phillies for 1915. The Phillies used a new facility called "Coffee Pot Bayou Park" along the city's bayfront area. In the 1940s, a small modern ballpark was built on the site. It would be christened Al Lang Field in honor of the mayor who had brought baseball to St. Petersburg.
Many major league teams have trained in the Tampa Bay area over the ensuing decades. Current members of the spring training Grapefruit League include:
The area also hosts four minor league baseball teams, all in the Class Single-A Florida State League. These teams all use stadiums also used by MLB teams for spring training. These teams are:
Historical teams.
Several other local minor league teams have come and gone over the years. Notable historical teams include:
Hockey.
The NHL's Tampa Bay Lightning were established as an expansion franchise in 1992. They began play in the Florida State Fairgrounds' Expo Hall in Tampa, then moved across the bay to Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg (which was rechristened "The Thunderdome" at the time), and finally found a permanent home ice in the new Tampa Bay Times Forum (originally known as the "Ice Palace"), located in the Channelside District of downtown Tampa. The "Bolts" won their first Stanley Cup championship at the end of the 2003–04 season, defeating the Calgary Flames in seven games. After a few losing seasons, the Lightning made it back to the Eastern Conference finals in 2011 under 1st-year coach Guy Boucher.
College sports.
The Tampa Bay Area is home to four colleges and universities which compete in NCAA sports.
University of South Florida.
The University of South Florida (USF) Bulls (originally the "Golden Brahmans") compete in NCAA Division I, the highest level of college sports. USF opened in north Tampa in 1960 and started its sports program in 1965 with a men's soccer squad. The school gradually added more sports in the ensuing years, including both men's and women's basketball in 1971. The hoop teams played in Curtis Hixon Hall in downtown Tampa until 1980, when the school opened the on-campus USF Sun Dome for use by its basketball, gymnastics, and volleyball teams.
USF began a football program in 1998. They played in Tampa Stadium for one season, then moved into newly built Raymond James Stadium the following year. The program competed as a Division I-AA independent during its first four seasons until 2001, when the Bulls moved up to Division I-A. They joined Conference USA in 2003 and switched to the Big East Conference in 2005.
After joining the Big East, the Bulls began a streak of six straight bowl game appearances. The 2007 season was the program's most successful so far, as the team reached as high as #2 in the BCS rankings under coach Jim Leavitt. Willie Taggart became USF's head football coach after the 2012 season.
University of Tampa.
The University of Tampa has the oldest collegiate sports program in the area, dating to 1933, when the school first fielded a football team. The "Tampa U" Spartans used Plant Field for a few seasons before moving to Phillips Field for several decades. They were the first team to call Tampa Stadium home when it opened in 1967. The Spartans moved up to play NCAA Division I football and produced several NFL stars before dropping the sport entirely after the 1974 season due to budgetary concerns.
Currently, UT competes at the NCAA Division II level in the Sunshine State Conference (SSC). UT is among the top schools in the SSC in both championships and student-athletes named to the Commissioner's Honor Roll. Spartan teams have won NCAA-II titles in men's soccer (1981, 1994 and 2001), women's soccer (2007), baseball (1992, 1993, 1998, 2006, 2007, 2013), golf (1987 and 1988), and volleyball (2006). With national championships in 2006 and 2007, the Spartan baseball team became the first team in Div. II baseball to win consecutive titles since they did it previously in 1992 and 1993. The school's basketball teams have played in the on-campus Bob Martinez Sports Center since 1984.
St. Leo University.
Though Saint Leo was established as a college in 1889 and is much older than any of the other college in the Tampa Bay Area, a good portion of their early history was spent as a college preparatory school. The college was re-established in 1959. SLU teams participate as a member of the NCAA's Division II. The Lions are charter members of the Sunshine State Conference. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross country, golf, lacrosse, soccer, swimming and tennis; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, lacrosse, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis and volleyball. The baseball team calls Thomas B. Southard Stadium home. The Marion Bowman Center is used for basketball and volleyball. Marion Bowman Aquatics Center hosts the swim team. Soccer, tennis and lacrosse are also played at on-campus facilities. The golf team uses neighboring Lake Jovita Golf & Country Club as their home course. 
The school mascot's is a lion named Fritz and the school colors are green and gold. Red Barrett, Jim Corsi, Sankar Montoute, Bob Tewksbury and J. P. Ricciardi are all alumni of St. Leo athletics.
Eckerd College.
Eckerd College is a charter member of the Sunshine State Conference (NCAA Division II) fielding 13 athletic teams in coed and women's sailing, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's soccer, baseball, volleyball, men's and women's golf, men's and women's tennis, and softball. The sailing team competes nationally as a member of the SAISA (the South Atlantic Intercollegiate Sailing Association) and is a member of the ICSA (Intercollegiate Sailing Association). The college's basketball and volleyball teams play in the McArthur Center's gymnasium. Eckerd's mascot is the Triton, and the school's colors, teal, navy and black were adopted by the athletic programs in 2005; previously the school's colors had been black, red, and white.
In 2006, for the first time in the 24-year history of the Eckerd College Women's Volleyball program, the Tritons qualified for the NCAA South Region tournament. Notable baseball alumni include Steve Balboni, Bill Evers, Joe Lefebvre and Brian Sabean.
Other sports and events.
Arena football.
The Tampa Bay Storm play in the Arena Football League. Originally established in Pittsburgh as the Pittsburgh Gladiators, the team moved to St. Petersburg and changed their name for the 1991 season. The newly christened Storm won their first Arena Bowl championship in their first season in the Tampa Bay Area and have been extremely successful ever since; the franchise's 5 league titles is more than any other AFL team.
The Storm have one of the longest associations with their market of any AFL team and enjoy strong local support. In 2010, the team's average attendance (15,237) and total attendance (121,896) were the highest in the league. 
The Storm's original home turf in the Tampa Bay Area was Tropicana Field, which was called "The Thunderdome" for a few years in honor of its two main tenants at the time: the Storm and the Lightning. Since 1997, the Storm has played its home games in the Tampa Bay Times Forum in downtown Tampa.
Basketball.
The Tampa Bay Rebels play in the Florida Basketball Association (FBA). Their home games are played at Freedom High School.
Rugby.
The Tampa Bay Area has two rugby union teams that compete in the Florida Rugby Union. The Bay Area Pelicans RFC, established in 1977, play in USA Rugby Division II. The Tampa Bay Krewe, established in 1989, play in Division I and have sides in Division II and Division III as well as a women's side.
Soccer.
D2 Soccer.
The Tampa Bay Rowdies are a member of the new North American Soccer League (NASL) competing in the second tier of the United States soccer pyramid. The franchise considers itself to be a continuation of the original Tampa Bay Rowdies of the old NASL and displays a star on its shield commemorating the 1975 championship. Though the owners intended to use the Rowdies name from the beginning, trademark issues forced the team to call itself FC Tampa Bay when it took the pitch as an expansion franchise of the USSF Division 2 Professional League in 2010. The team transitioned into the NASL for 2011 and finally obtained the rights to the Rowdies name for 2012.
The club played its first season in George M. Steinbrenner Field in Tampa before moving to St. Petersburg's Al Lang Stadium for subsequent seasons. In 2012, the Rowdies won the NASL's Soccer Bowl to claim the league championship.
D3 Soccer.
VSI Tampa Bay FC plays in the USL Pro league, which is sanctioned as a third tier or Division III Professional League by United States Soccer Federation (U.S. Soccer), placing it under Major League Soccer (Division I) and the North American Soccer League (Division II) in the hierarchy. The club's female squad is also called VSI Tampa Bay FC, and they play in the W-League. Both teams are based in, and play their home matches in Plant City, Florida at Plant City Stadium. Another local women's squad Tampa Bay Hellenic (est. 2008) had played in the Women's Premier Soccer League, but has since merged with VSI Tampa Bay FC following the 2012 season.
D4 Soccer.
The Tampa Marauders FC play in the fourth tier National Premier Soccer League. Their home games are played at Blake Stadium
Other events.
Notable sporting events in the area include:
Historical teams and venues.
Old venues.
Tampa Stadium.
Tampa Stadium was the first large modern sports venue in the area, holding over 73,000 fans in its final configuration. It was built in 1967 for the University of Tampa Spartans college football program with an eye toward future NFL expansion. "Tampa U" discontinued its football program in 1974, but Tampa Stadium was soon put back to use when the Tampa Bay Rowdies began play in 1975 and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers kicked off in 1976.
In its day, the "Big Sombrero" was also home to the Tampa Bay Bandits of the USFL, the Tampa Bay Mutiny of MLS, and USF Bulls football. It hosted two Super Bowls and a Pro Bowl along with numerous special events and large concerts, such as a 1973 Led Zeppelin concert that broke the all-time record for the largest crowd to see a single artist and a 1977 Led Zeppelin concert that was cut short by a thunderstorm, leading to an audience riot.
Immediately upon buying the Buccaneers in 1995, new owner Malcolm Glazer declared Tampa Stadium inadequate and demanded that a new facility be built at public expense or he would move the team. Local governments acquiesced, raising sales taxes and constructing Raymond James Stadium directly adjacent to Tampa Stadium. The Big Sombrero was demolished in 1998.
Al Lopez Field.
Al Lopez Field was a spring training and minor league ballpark in Tampa situated at the current location of Raymond James Stadium. It was built in 1954 and named after Al Lopez, the Ybor City native who went on become Tampa's first MLB player and, eventually, a Hall of Fame manager. The ballpark was originally the spring training home of the Chicago White Sox, the team that Al Lopez managed at the time.
The White Sox moved out and the Cincinnati Reds moved in for 1960. The Reds would use Al Lopez Field and the adjacent training facilities (nicknamed "Redsland") as their spring home for almost 30 years. The Tampa Tarpons, the Reds' Class-A team, played in the ballpark during the summer, and several members of Cincinnati's championship-winning "Big Red Machine" such as Pete Rose. Johnny Bench, and Dave Concepción played some of their first professional baseball in Tampa.
The Reds moved to new facilities in nearby Plant City for spring training 1988. The Tarpons played one more season in the ballpark before it was torn down in 1989. To honor its still-living namesake, the city of Tampa changed the name of a nearby park from "Horizon Park" to "Al Lopez Park".
Plant Field.
Plant Field was the first large spectator sports facility in the area. It was built in 1889 by Henry B. Plant across the Hillsborough River from Tampa as part of his Tampa Bay Hotel resort. As the only facility of its kind in Central Florida, Plant Field hosted a wide variety of events, including auto and horse racing; pro, college, and high school football; and large political events. It was also the long-time location of the Florida State Fair, and the route of the Gasparilla parade would end on Plant Field's track while the fair was in session.
Plant Field was also the first home of the minor league Tampa Smokers, the area's first professional baseball team, and was one of the first spring training sites in Florida, hosting several different teams over the decades. During one of the earliest ballgames in April 1919, Babe Ruth reportedly hit his longest home run - a 587 foot blast that is memorialized with a historical marker at the approximate location were it landed at the current site of the University of Tampa's school of business.
The University of Tampa took over Plant Field in the early 1970s and renamed it Peppin-Rood Stadium after university benefactors. Since then, the school has built new facilities on its huge footprint, including a soccer field (Peppin Stadium), softball and baseball fields, dormitories, and other academic and athletic facilities. While a portion of the old playing surface is still in use as part of newer venues, the last remaining portions of Plant Field's old grandstand was torn down in 2002.
Phillips Field.
Phillips Field was a medium-sized stadium (maximum capacity approximately 20,000) located just north of Plant Field between Cass Street and the current location of Interstate 275 on the west bank of the Hillsborough River. It served as the home for the University of Tampa's football team from 1936 to 1967 and was named after I.W. Phillips, a local businessman who donated the land to the school so that the Spartans would not have to share Plant Field. 
Besides "Tampa U", Phillips Field occasionally hosted other football teams. It was the site of the Cigar Bowl, the area's first college bowl game, from 1946 to 1954, and the Florida Gators scheduled a home game in the facility almost every season from the late 1930s through the 1940s. Local high school rivalry games that attracted crowds too large for the participants' smaller stadiums were played in Phillips Field until the late 1960s. Phillips Field was also the site of well-attended NFL preseason contests in the mid-1960s that helped Tampa earn an eventual expansion franchise.
The stadium could also be configured for baseball, and the Tampa Smokers of the Class C Florida International League played most of their home games at Phillips Field from 1946 to 1954.
The city gave nearby Plant Field to University of Tampa after Tampa Stadium was built in 1967. Phillips Field fell into disuse and was razed in the early 1970s. Tampa Preparatory School and Julian Lane Riverfront Park were built at its former location.
Curtis Hixon Hall.
Curtis Hixon Hall was a multipurpose facility built in 1965 on the banks of the Hillsborough River in downtown Tampa. Along with various concerts and other events, Curtis Hixon Hall hosted many boxing and wrestling cards. It served as the first home of the USF Bulls basketball team, and hosted several minor league pro sports teams as well.
Curtis Hixon Hall was made obsolete by the construction of newer and larger facilities such as the Tampa Bay Times Forum, the Sun Dome, Expo Hall and the Tampa Convention Center. It was demolished in 1993 and replaced with Curtis Hixon Park. In 2010, a new Tampa Museum of Art and a children's museum opened on the site of the old hall.
Bayfront Center.
The Bayfront Center (also known as the Bayfront Arena) was a multipurpose facility along the shores of Tampa Bay near downtown St. Petersburg. Though a little larger than Tampa's Curtis Hixon Hall, it was built in the same year (1965) and hosted a similar mix of concerts, sports, and special events. The Bayfront Center was home to nearly all of the Tampa Bay Rowdies' indoor soccer games along with various minor league basketball and hockey teams. Several nationally televised wrestling and boxing events were held there, along with many Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus TV specials. It was demolished in 2004, and its former location is now the site of the new Salvador Dalí Museum.
Defunct teams.
Over the years, the Tampa Bay area was home to several professional sports franchises that eventually folded, including many short-lived minor league teams. Major sports teams included:
Tampa Bay Rowdies.
The Tampa Bay Rowdies were the first major professional sports team in the area. As such, they were also the first pro franchise to make Tampa Stadium its home field and the first to use use "Tampa Bay" in their name. They began play in 1975 as an expansion franchise of the original North American Soccer League (NASL). The Rowdies won the inaugural Soccer Bowl in 1975, bringing Tampa Bay its first professional sports championship, and were successful for most of their existence. The NASL folded in 1984, but the Rowdies continued play in other outdoor and indoor soccer leagues (in Tampa Stadium and St. Petersburg's Bayfront Center, respectively) before finally folding in 1993.
A new incarnation of the Tampa Bay Rowdies in the new North American Soccer League took the field in 2010. While a licensing dispute forced the franchise to call itself "FC Tampa Bay" for its initial two seasons, the new club used the old club's green and gold color scheme and include a star for the Rowdies' 1975 championship in their team shield The team officially began using the "Rowdies" name for the 2012 season and promptly brought home the Soccer Bowl trophy that October.
Tampa Bay Bandits.
The Tampa Bay Bandits of the United States Football League (USFL) played three seasons in Tampa Stadium from 1983-1985. With innovative head coach Steve Spurrier and a fan-friendly atmosphere, the team's "Banditball" brand rivaled the then-moribund Bucs in local fan support.
The USFL decided to compete directly with the NFL in 1986 by moving its season from the spring to the fall. But after the failure of an infamous lawsuit, the league folded instead. John Bassett, the principal owner of the Bandits, had opposed the USFL's strategy and planned to make the team a charter member of a new spring league. However, Bassett's failing health prevented this idea from becoming reality. He died from cancer in 1986, and the Bandits would not play another down.
Tampa Bay Mutiny.
The Tampa Bay Mutiny was a charter franchise of Major League Soccer. They began play at Tampa Stadium in 1996 and were immediately successful, winning the MLS Supporters' Shield in their inaugural season behind MLS MVP Carlos Valderrama and forward Roy Lassiter, whose 27 goals in 1996 is still the MLS single-season record.
As the team transitioned into Raymond James Stadium for 1999, however, poor personnel moves (including the trading away of both Valderrama and Lassiter) led to decreased win totals which led to decreased fan support. Unable to find local buyers and hampered by an unfavorable lease agreement for Raymond James Stadium, the league folded the franchise in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20831467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831467" title="Fractional quantum mechanics">
Fractional quantum mechanics

In physics, fractional quantum mechanics is a generalization of standard quantum mechanics, which naturally comes out when the Brownian-like quantum paths substitute with the Lévy-like ones in the Feynman path integral. It has been discovered by Nick Laskin who coined the term "fractional quantum mechanics". 
Fundamentals.
Standard quantum mechanics can be approached in three different ways: the matrix mechanics, the Schrödinger equation and the Feynman path integral. 
The Feynman path integral is the path integral over Brownian-like quantum-mechanical paths. Fractional quantum mechanics has been discovered by Nick Laskin (1999) as a result of expanding the Feynman path integral, from the Brownian-like to the Lévy-like quantum mechanical paths. A path integral over the Lévy-like quantum-mechanical paths results in a generalization of quantum mechanics. If the Feynman path integral leads to the well known Schrödinger equation, then the path integral over Lévy trajectories leads to the fractional Schrödinger equation. The Lévy process is characterized
by the Lévy index "α", 0 < "α" ≤ 2. At the special case when "α" = 2 the Lévy process becomes the process of Brownian motion. The fractional Schrödinger equation includes a space derivative of fractional order "α" instead of the second order ("α" = 2) space derivative in the standard Schrödinger equation. Thus, the fractional Schrödinger equation is a fractional differential equation in accordance with modern terminology. This is the main point of the term fractional Schrödinger equation or a more general term "fractional quantum mechanics". As mentioned above, at "α" = 2 the Lévy motion becomes Brownian motion. Thus, fractional quantum mechanics includes standard quantum mechanics as a particular case at "α" = 2. The quantum-mechanical path integral over the Lévy paths at "α" = 2 becomes the well-known Feynman path integral and the fractional Schrödinger equation becomes the well-known Schrödinger equation.
Fractional Schrödinger equation.
The fractional Schrödinger equation discovered by Nick Laskin has the following form (see, Refs.[1,3,4])
using the standard definitions:
Further,
Here, the wave functions in the position and momentum spaces; formula_3 and formula_4 are related each other by the 3-dimensional Fourier transforms:
The index "α" in the fractional Schrödinger equation is the Lévy index, 1 < "α" ≤ 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20831468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831468" title="St Stephen's Green station">
St Stephen's Green station

St Stephen's Green is a terminus station of the Dublin LUAS (tram) system. Plans under the Transport 21 initiative prescribe further development for the station, incorporating integration into heavy and light rail networks.
Luas.
At present, St Stephen's Green serves as the northern terminus of the Luas Green Line to Sandyford, with the stop located on the western side of St Stephen's Green. 
St Stephen's Green is the closest point between the LUAS Green and Red Lines.
Cross city line.
An extension of the LUAS Green Line is planned to cross the River Liffey, and intersect with the Red Line at the junction between O'Connell Street and Abbey Street and terminate at Broombridge (in Cabra) to interconnect with the Irish Rail Broombridge railway station. 
On 10 November 2011, the government announced in its 2012–16 Infrastructure and Capital Investment plan that the project to link the Red and Green lines, known as BXD, was to proceed. No other new lines or extensions are being funded. Construction work for the bridge across the River Liffey (connecting Marlborough St and Hawkins St) began in April 2012, which the southbound Luas BXD track will be laid on. A Railway Order was granted by ABP for the Luas BXD line on 3 August 2012. Work on building the line is expected to commence in 2013 with services beginning in 2017.
Future transport links.
Metro.
Plans for the proposed Dublin Metro called for St Stephen's Green to be utilised as the southern terminus of a line to Belinstown. These plans included a deep-bore tunnel for the north-western corner of the park. This was originally scheduled to open in 2013, but was subsequently indefinitely deferred.
DART.
Similar plans for a DART network extension proposed an underground stop at St Stephen's Green. Though originally planned to start in 2015, these plans were similarly deferred.

</doc>
<doc id="20831480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831480" title="Charlie Gassaway">
Charlie Gassaway

Charles Cason Gassaway (August 12, 1918 – January 15, 1992) nicknamed "Sheriff", was an American professional baseball player, a left-handed pitcher whose 16-season (1937–1952) playing career included all or parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs (), Philadelphia Athletics (), and Cleveland Indians (). Born in Gassaway, Tennessee, he stood tall and weighed .
Gassaway won 153 games in minor league baseball, with a career high of 17 victories in 1944 for the Milwaukee Brewers of the top-level American Association. He was called up to the Cubs and made two late-season starts but was ineffective. The 1945 season — the last year of the World War II player shortage — was Gassaway's only complete year in the Majors. Pitching for the last-place Philadelphia Athletics, he worked in 24 games pitched (including 11 starting assignments) and 118 innings, and posted a 4–7 record with an earned run average of 3.74 and four complete games. He split 1946 between the MLB Indians and the Triple-A Oakland Oaks, working in 13 games for Cleveland (with six more starts) from July through the end of the season. He then returned to the minors for the remainder of his active career, and spent nine years as a minor league manager, working mostly for the Philadelphia Phillies' organization.
During his MLB career, Gassaway appeared in 39 games (with 19 starting assignments) and 180 innings pitched, allowing 188 hits and 91 bases on balls. He struck out 80 and registered four complete games.

</doc>
<doc id="20831484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831484" title="Buddies (1983 film)">
Buddies (1983 film)

Buddies is a 1983 Australian comedy/drama film directed by Arch Nicholson and written by John Dingwall. Dingwall won the Best Original Screenplay AFI Award for the script. The film was not a great success in 1983, as no Australian distributor wanted to release it, but Dingwall took it around the country cinemas himself, where it was well received.
Plot.
Young miners Mike and Johnny (Colin Friels and Harold Hopkins) work in the gem fields of central Queensland around Emerald. Conflict arises when their pick-and-shovel operation is threatened by a large scale bulldozer operator.
Production.
John Dingwall wrote the script and decided to produce it himself. He raised the money with the help of Rex Pilbeam, a former mayor of Rockhampton. Most of the money was raised in Queensland, including investment from the Queensland Film Corporation. Shooting took place on location in Emerald, Queensland and lasted six weeks.
Box Office.
According to Dingwall, the film tested extremely well with audiences but there was a difficulty in marketing it. "Buddies" grossed $81,777 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $215,891
in 2009 dollars.
Awards and nominations.
At the 1983 AFI awards "Buddies" was nominated in the Best Achievement in Sound, Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Simon Chilvers), Best Actress in a Lead Role (Kris McQuade) and Best Original Music Score (Chris Neal) categories. John Dingwall won the Best Original Screenplay AFI Award for the script.

</doc>
<doc id="20831491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831491" title="Dana Heitman">
Dana Heitman

Dana Conrad Heitman (born January 18, 1966) is an American musician, known for his work as the trumpeter for the Eugene, Oregon ska-swing band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies, of which he has been a member since the band's formation.
Biography.
Heitman, a trained musician and member of several high school and college national merit bands, was attending the University of Oregon when he was recruited into the Cherry Poppin' Daddies, helping develop the band's prominent horn section. According to former Daddies guitarist Jason Moss in regard to the band's songwriting process, Heitman is responsible for writing and arranging the majority of the Daddies' horn lines, either by himself or working off pieces composed by frontman Steve Perry. After graduating from the university's school of music in brass instruments, Heitman continued his involvement with the Daddies, recording on every one of their albums to date and remaining the band's only constant member alongside Perry. At the height of the Daddies' mainstream popularity, Heitman received an endorsement from Bach.
When not touring with the Daddies, Heitman sits in with many local Oregon jazz and horn sections and has played in such Oregon-based bands as Swing Shift, The Essentials, Satin Love Orchestra, Caliente, Lutes and Keller and The Omar Torrez Band. Dana also plays trumpet for the nationally accaimed University of Oregon Gospel Music Program.
According to the Daddies' 1994 press bio, from a standing position, Heitman can jump up and kick the door jamb of a Ford truck twice with each foot without spilling his drink.
Discography.
Cherry Poppin' Daddies.
"See: Cherry Poppin' Daddies discography for complete listing"

</doc>
<doc id="20831503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831503" title="Dodon">
Dodon

Dodon, (aka "Doden") is a farm and former tobacco plantation in Maryland, located near the South River about south west of Annapolis. Purchased in around 1744 by the planter and politician Dr George H. Steuart, it remains the home of Steuart's descendants to this day. Steuart grew wealthy during the colonial era thanks to proprietarial patronage, but his family's prosperity and status would be much reduced by the American Revolution and later by the American Civil War.
History.
One source suggests that Dodon was originally patented to one James Stewart in 1669, a Scottish immigrant from Perth. Another suggests that it was owned by a Dr Francis Stockett, who "held 'Dodon', 664 acres", in 1668. Whatever its early origins, the property was thereafter owned by the Carroll family and, in 1725, William Nicholas Carroll sold it Dr George H. Steuart (1700–1784) of Argaty, Perthshire, Scotland. At Dodon, Steuart farmed the profitable cash crop of tobacco, bred thoroughbreds and held match races. His most famous horse was Dungannon, which he imported from England to compete against the stable of his rival Charles Carroll. The Annapolis Subscription Plate, the first recorded formal horse race in Maryland, was held in May 1743, and was won by Dungannon. The silver cup - actually more of a bowl than a plate - is now displayed in the Baltimore Museum of Art. It is the oldest surviving silver object made in Maryland and the second oldest horse racing trophy in America.
Steuart held a number of colonial offices including Mayor of Annapolis from 1759-63. He was also Commissioner of the Land Office, served at the Court of Admiralty, and was appointed Lieutenant-Colonel of The Horse Militia in 1753 by Governor Horatio Sharpe.
Dodon formed a small part of the overall plantion economy of the Southern States, exporting tobacco to England, primarily using slave labor. Maryland planters also made extensive use of indentured servants and penal labor. An extensive system of rivers facilitated the movement of produce from inland plantations to the Atlantic coast for export. Baltimore was the second-most important port in the 18th-century South, after Charleston, South Carolina.
Revolutionary War.
Steuart also inherited land in Perthshire, Scotland, which caused him considerable political difficulties during the American Revolutionary War. Loyalty to the Revolution would have caused him to forfeit his Scottish estates, and, at the outbreak of hostilities, Steuart left America for Scotland. He thereafter divided his estates, giving Dodon to his wife Ann (née Digges), with instructions on which of his children, loyal to the new American nation, would inherit. Steuart himself would never return to Maryland or see his family again. Ann remained at Dodon until her death in 1811. According to letters of her Grandson Richard Sprigg Steuart (1797–1876), she lived "comfortably, but she kept at home because her good husband was called by the mob a Tory."
Civil War.
In 1834 Dodon was inherited by the Maryland physician Richard Sprigg Steuart. At that time the estate comprised around of land and about 150 slaves. The outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861 found the Steuart family sympathetic to the Southern cause, though Maryland did not secede from the Union (pre-war loyalties in Maryland were divided between North and South, but the Northern cause prevailed). Horses were raised and trained at Dodon then smuggled south for Confederate forces, as well as medical supplies such as quinine. As a result, Dodon was often raided by Union troops, regularly forcing Steuart to flee into hiding. As one family member later recalled:
Steuart's nephew, Brigadier Gen. George H. Steuart (1828–1903) (Known as "Maryland Steuart" to distinguish him from his fellow General J.E.B. Stuart) fought at a number of major battles including Spotsylvania, Gettysburg, Cross Keys and Winchester, before surrendering with General Lee at Appomattox Court House.
Post War Period.
The estate did not prosper after the war's end, in part due to the losses caused by the freeing of the slaves.
In 1890 Isabel and Emily Steuart, daughters of Richard Sprigg Steuart, donated the estate to the Roman Catholic Congregation of Marist Fathers, a French order founded in Lyon in 1826, to be used as a seminary and mission. However, it was eventually repurchased by a member of the Steuart family, Annette Steuart Wise, in 1929.
Legacy.
Dodon is still home to the eighth generation of Steuarts today, who continue to farm, and to breed and train horses. The Annapolis Subscription Plate has also been revived in recent years. Parts of the original house still remain, though most was destroyed in a fire c1950.
Dodon is not far from the expanding suburbs of Annapolis, and the remaining land has now been put into preservation through the Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation, in order to prevent future development.
A family graveyard, marked by a small obelisk listing the names of Steuart kin resting there, sits in a grove of trees on one of the high spots of the property.
The name Dodon is said to come from the French, "Dieu Donne" meaning "Gift of God." It may also be a derivative of the Greek, Dodona - a prehistoric oracle in Greece dedicated to Zeus and the "mother goddess," Dione.

</doc>
<doc id="20831504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831504" title="1,3-Indandione">
1,3-Indandione

1,3-Indandione is an aromatic trans-fixed β-diketone. In standard conditions it is referred to in different sources as either colorless or yellowish, green, or (most commonly) yellow solid.
Structural properties.
In the solid state, 1,3-indandione occurs as a diketone; in water, it is partially (~2%) enolized. The enolate anion exhibits significant delocalization, and the highest electron density is on the second carbon. This explains many of chemical properties of the compound.
Preparation.
1,3-Indandione can be prepared by decarboxylation of the sodium salt of 2-etoxycarbonyl-1,3-indandione, which itself is obtained by Claisen condensation of ethyl acetate and dimethyl phthalate.
Chemical properties.
1,3-Indandione is a very strong C-nucleophile. It undergoes self-condensation quite easily, resulting in bindone.
Bromination occurs at the 2-position:
1,3-Indandione could be reduced to indanone, 3-hydroxy-1-indanone, 1,3-indanediol or even indane, depending on the method used.
Uses.
Certain derivatives are used in human medicine. Some other ones could be promising materials in the photonics field. 
In addition, 1,3-indandione ("indanedione") is used in the first stage of forensic identification of latent finerprints. It is particularly useful for paper, and for items printed with thermal inks such as receipts. Amino acids left behind by the human hand may be developed into fingerprints by the use of it; the results, photographed with a special filter under a strong yellow-green fluorescent or green laser. It is usually the first method employed in a sequential analysis aimed at the production of evidence of a grade suitable for use in the courtroom. 

</doc>
<doc id="20831512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831512" title="Flocoumafen">
Flocoumafen

Flocoumafen is an anticoagulant of the 4-hydroxycoumarin vitamin K antagonist type. It is a second generation (i.e., high potency) chemical in this class, used commercially as a rodenticide. It has a very high toxicity and is restricted to indoor use and sewers (in the UK). This restriction is mainly due to the increased risk to non-target species, especially due to its tendency to bio-accumulate in exposed organisms. Studies have shown that rodents resistant to first generation anticoagulants, can be adequately controlled with Flocoumafen.

</doc>
<doc id="20831517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831517" title="Difethialone">
Difethialone

Difethialone is an anticoagulant used as a rodenticide.
It is considered a second generation agent. 
In May 2008 the United States Environmental Protection Agency banned the use of difethialone in consumer-use rodenticide products and also for exterior use by commercial applicators.

</doc>
<doc id="20831523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831523" title="Chlorophacinone">
Chlorophacinone

Chlorophacinone is an anticoagulant used as a rodenticide.

</doc>
<doc id="20831537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831537" title="National University of Defense Technology">
National University of Defense Technology

National University of Defense Technology (NUDT; ) is a comprehensive national key university based in Changsha, Hunan Province, China.
It is under the dual supervision of the Ministry of National Defense and the Ministry of Education, designated for Project 211 and Project 985, the two national plans for facilitating the development of Chinese higher education.
History.
NUDT was originally founded in 1953 as the Harbin Military Academy of Engineering in Harbin of Heilongjiang Province. The University was renamed Harbin Academy of Engineering in 1966 and transitioned to the Chinese Department of Education and the Department of National Defense Science and Technology. In 1970 the University administration and 4 departments moved southwards to Changsha due to the possible war with the Soviet Union and was renamed Changsha Institute of Technology. Other 4-5 departments were taken by local and other national universities. The Institute changed its name to National University of Defense Technology in 1978.
NUDT is a leading institute in China's Supercomputer development and Chinese space program.
NUDT Super Computers.
Yinhe-I (YH-I)
Yinhe-1 was developed in 1983 as the leading super computer in China with a performance level of 100 MFLOPS.
Yinhe-II (YH-II)
Yinhe-II was built in 1992 achieving performance of 1 GFLOPS.
Yinhe-III
Yinhe-II was upgraded to Yinhe-III in 1996 which achieves 13 GFLOPS.
Tianhe-I
Tianhe-I was first revealed to the public on 2009, and was immediately ranked as the world's fifth fastest supercomputer in the TOP500 list released at the 2009 Supercomputing Conference (SC09) held in Portland, Oregon, on 2009.
Tianhe-IA
In October 2010, Tianhe-IA, an upgraded supercomputer achieving a performance level of 2.57 petaflop/s, was unveiled at HPC 2010 China and ranked as the "world’s fastest supercomputer" in the TOP500 list.
In Nov. 2011, the Tianhe-1A ranks second fastest supercomputers in the world on Top500. It was surpassed by K Computer by Fujitsu of Japan.
Tianhe-2
Tianhe-2 is currently ranked as the world's fastest supercomputer on the TOP500 list, having achieved a performance level of 33.86 petaflops on June 16, 2013.
Location.
NUDT is located in the urban area of Changsha, capital city of Hunan Province in South-Central China, covering a total area of 373 hectares.
Administration.
Faculty Structure.
Over 50 years later, NUDT has developed into a comprehensive university of sciences, engineering, military science, management, economics, philosophy, literature, education, law, and history. The university consists of 10 colleges, under which there are over 40 departments, institutes and laboratories, 4 national key laboratories and 1 key laboratory at the Ministry of Education level. NUDT plays a leading role in many subjects, nine of which are national key subjects. According to the National Subject Evaluation of the years 2002-2004 organized by the Ministry of Education, 5 subjects of NUDT entered the list of top 5 and its subject of Computer Science and Technology ranked first nationwide.
Staff.
Currently, NUDT has over 2,000 faculty members, 300 of which are professors. There are over 17,000 full time students, among which 11,000 are undergraduates, 4,000 are master's candidates, and 2,000 are doctoral candidates. NUDT offers 27 programs for undergraduates, 95 programs for master's candidates and 51 programs for doctoral candidates. Moreover, 11 post-doctoral research facilities are authorized on campus.

</doc>
<doc id="20831541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831541" title="Keräntöjärvi">
Keräntöjärvi

Keräntöjärvi is a small settler village in the northern part of Pajala Municipality, Sweden. The village is positioned about 30 kilometres north of Kangos, and was founded about 1810 by Johan Hansson Nilimaa, also known as "Holman Jussa", from the village of Lovika. The village achieved some notability due to a theatre play performed by the Kiruna theatrical company. Its title was "Frieriet i Kerändöjärvi" ("The marriage proposal in Kerändöjärvi"), and was directed by Ulla Lyttkens. The play was widely appreciated, and was played at various locations in Norrbotten County, in the rest of Sweden, and at a Theatre Festival in Turkey.
The population is mostly of Finnish ancestry, but some saami elements has it presence within the village.
The elementary school in Keräntöjärvi was closed down in the early 1980s. The school building is now rented out during the summertime, and a gym has been installed there for leisure.

</doc>
<doc id="20831543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831543" title="Celtic F.C. Reserve and Youth squads">
Celtic F.C. Reserve and Youth squads

As well as the Celtic first team, competing in the Scottish Premier League, the club also has a Development squad and under-17/20 sides.
Development Squad.
Celtic Development squad are the Development Squad of Celtic. The team mainly consists of Under-20 players at the club and fringe first team players. Some of the first team also play when they are recovering from injury.
They were members of the Scottish Premier Reserve League from its foundation in the 1998–99 season until the league ceased after the 2008–09 season. The side won the Reserve League eight times in the eleven seasons the league operated. They played their home games at Excelsior Stadium, normally the home of Airdrie United.
Kenny McDowall was head coach until January 2007 when he left Celtic to join rivals Rangers as first team coach. Willie McStay then held the position until 2009, when he took a manager's job in Hungary. Neil Lennon managed the team for a season before being appointed Celtic first team manager in June 2010. The development squad' current head coach is Vacant. After the abolition of the reserve league, the Celtic development squad continue by playing a host of friendly matches against similar squads from Afrims and Sports Plex.
Under-20 team.
The Celtic under-20 team competes in the Scottish Premier under-20 League.
The under-20s play their home matches at former Celtic training ground Barrowfield, but games are also occasionally played at Lennoxtown training ground.
The Under-20s head coach is Stephen Frail and his assistant is John Kennedy who is also a coach of the under 20s. The under-20s had been previously coached by Willie McStay. 
The side have won the Scottish Premier Youth League four times, first in 2003–04 and then in 2004–05, 2005–06 and 2009–10. Celtic also won the revived Glasgow Cup in August 2008, beating rivals Rangers 3–1 in the final with goals from James Keatings, Richie Towell and James Forrest, which cancelled out the Rangers opener through Kyle Hutton. 
Celtic's U20s were the first Scottish participants in the NextGen Series - a youth tournament based on the UEFA Champions League. In the 2011–12 season, Celtic were drawn against Barcelona, Manchester City and Marseille, and finished third in their group. Celtic confirmed in January 2012 that they would play in the 2012–13 edition tournament as well.
Development squad Fixtures and Results.
Following the SPL's decision to abolish the reserve league, Celtic's "reserve team" now just play in organised friendlies during the football season. Celtic no longer have an established reserve side, and the youths and players not involved with the first team compete in these organised friendlies.
Former youth team players.
Players in Bold have senior international caps

</doc>
<doc id="20831548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831548" title="Homec, Domžale">
Homec, Domžale

Homec () is a settlement north of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to the Nativity of Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20831563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831563" title="Kääntöjärvi">
Kääntöjärvi

Kääntöjärvi is a minor village in Gällivare Municipality in Norrbotten County, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20831567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831567" title="Frank Genins">
Frank Genins

C. Frank Genins (November 2, 1866 - September 30, 1922) was a Major League Baseball utility player who played for three seasons. He played for the Cincinnati Reds and St. Louis Browns in 1892, the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1895, and the Cleveland Blues in 1901. His nickname was Frenchy.
Genins minor league stints include the Omaha Omahogs in 1887 and 1901 through 1903, the Denver Mountain Lions in 1888, the Sioux City Cornhuskers from 1888 until 1891 and again in 1894, the Indianapolis Hoosiers in 1892, the Grand Rapids Rippers in 1896, the Columbus Buckeyes from 1896 until 1899, the Cleveland Lake Shores in 1900, The Oklahoma City Mets in 1905, the St. Joseph Packers in 1906, the Dubuque Dubs from 1907 until 1908 and the Racine Belles in 1909.
Genins managed the St. Joseph Packers in 1906, the Dubuque Dubs in 1907 and the Freeport Pretzels in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20831574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831574" title="Tommy Clare">
Tommy Clare

Thomas "Tommy" Clare (March 1865 – 27 December 1929) was an English international footballer, who played at right-back, and football manager.
He began his playing career with Stoke in 1883, having moved from Burslem Port Vale. He spent the next fourteen years with Stoke, playing 251 games in all competitions, helping them to the Football Alliance title in 1890–91. In 1897 he signed with Manchester City via Port Vale, before returning to Vale for a three-year spell in 1898, helping them to the Staffordshire Senior Cup on his arrival. He also won four England caps between 1889 and 1894. He was appointed as manager-secretary of Burslem Port Vale in 1905, a position he held for the next six years.
Club career.
Clare was born in Congleton, Cheshire in March 1865. He played his early football with Talke Rangers, Goldenhill Wanderers and Burslem Port Vale before becoming Stoke's first professional player in 1883.
He was captain of the Stoke side that were founder members of the Football League in 1888. Stoke finished at the bottom of the table in both 1888–89 and 1889–90 and in 1890 dropped down to the Football Alliance. Clare was absolved of any blame though, and referee Tom Bryan stated that "the backs and the goalkeeper are superior to any three men playing with one club". The following season, Stoke were champions of the Football Alliance and returned to the Football League, with Clare an ever-present. They then once again struggled, finishing second last in 1891–92, before finishing in mid-table in 1892–93. He claimed his first Football League goal on the opening day of the 1893–94 season, netting from a goalmouth scramble in a 4–1 defeat at Bolton Wanderers. From Christmas 1894 up until his departure in 1907 he played 82 consecutive league games. His final season with the club came in 1896–97. During his 12 seasons with Stoke, Clare made over 250 appearances and forged a decent defensive partnership with fellow full-back Alf Underwood.
Clare signed for Port Vale in 1897, before moving on to Manchester City later in the year. However in 1898 he re-signed for Vale a second time, and helped the side lift the Staffordshire Senior Cup later in the year as he "inspired a confidence never before approached" in his teammates. However, he broke his leg in October 1898, an injury which effectively ended his career. He retired in 1901.
International career.
Clare earned his first England cap for the match against Ireland on 2 March 1889. The match was played at Anfield, then the home of Everton, and the selectors made eleven changes to the side that had beaten Wales a week before with nine new caps, including Clare's Stoke team-mate, Bill Rowley in goal. England won the match "quite comfortably" 6–1, with John Yates scoring a hat trick in his only international appearance.
Clare's next England appearance came three years later, also against Ireland, at the Solitude Ground, Belfast, when he was joined by his Stoke team-mates, goalkeeper Bill Rowley and left-back Alf Underwood. Harry Daft of Notts County was awarded the captaincy for the last of his five England appearances and marked the occasion by scoring twice, either side of half-time, in an "unconvincing victory".
Clare played twice more for England, against Wales on 13 March 1893 (won 6–0, with Fred Spiksley scoring twice on his debut) and Scotland on 7 April 1894 (2–2 draw).
Style of play.
Clare stood at tall and weighed 12 st 10 lbs (80.7 kg), giving him a physical edge over opposition forwards. He was good in the air, and was described as "quick and resolute" with "capital style". He was known to endanger opposition players with his harsh and sometimes wild tackling, and helped to give Stoke a reputation as an overly physical side.
Management career.
Clare was appointed Port Vale's manager-secretary in July 1905 and stepped down in May 1911 after the club could no longer afford his wages.
Clare emigrated to Canada shortly before World War I and died in Vancouver in December 1929. The then-51-year old lied about his age, saying he was 40, to gain entry into the Canadian Army, and saw action in the Battle of Passchendaele. He returned home when his true age, and his growing medical problems, were discovered in November 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20831578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831578" title="Chemical Financial Corporation">
Chemical Financial Corporation

Chemical Bank is a Michigan-based bank headquartered in Midland, Michigan. It is the wholly owned subsidiary of "Chemical Financial Corporation", and has 142 offices in Michigan's lower peninsula. It is Michigan's third largest bank holding company (Citizens Republic Bancorp is the largest and Independent Bank is the second).
History.
Chemical State Savings Bank was founded in 1917.
The headquarters of Chemical Bank was the site of Tony Chebatoris' infamous bank robbery in 1937, which ultimately ended in Chebatoris being the only man receiving the death penalty in the state of Michigan.
Chemical Bank and Trust Company changed its name to Chemical Bank in 1973 to reflect that their trust activities were only a small part of total business.
Dollar The Squirrel.
In 2008, Chemical Bank adopted Dollar The Squirrel as their company mascot. Dollar appears at company funded events around the state.
Currently.
The current CEO is David B. Ramaker. Chemical Bank has received a "outstanding" CRA rating from the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="20831587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831587" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lynchburg, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lynchburg, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Lynchburg, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20831603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831603" title="Mark Matejka">
Mark Matejka

Mark "Sparky" Matejka (Born January 2 in Houston, Texas) is an American Southern rock guitarist. He is probably best known as a guitarist in Lynyrd Skynyrd. He joined the band in 2006, replacing Hughie Thomasson who had left to reform Outlaws. He first played with Skynyrd on their "Christmas Time Again" album in 2000 and was credited with guitar and vocals.
Prior to joining Lynyrd Skynyrd, Matejka was a member of Hot Apple Pie, a country music band. He also played for Charlie Daniels Band and Sons of the Desert.
He played guitar on tour with The Kinleys in 1998.
Mark is a former student of the North Texas State University (now UNT) jazz program, and studied under renowned guitar educator Jack Peterson.
Mark graduated from James E. Taylor High School, in Katy, TX

</doc>
<doc id="20831614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831614" title="Milking Bank">
Milking Bank

Milking Bank is a residential area of Dudley, West Midlands, England.
It is a modern development which began in about 1984 with the construction of new houses in an isolated area more than a mile to the west of Dudley town centre, near the border with Sedgley, which had been mined for coal since the 19th century. Further developments of private housing took place on this land between Himley Road and Dibdale Road and by the end of the 1980s there were several hundred houses in Milking Bank, as well as a primary school.
Further development took place after the demolition of nearby Burton Road Hospital in 1994, with the construction of further housing on the north side of Dibdale Road. At the end of the decade, further houses - as well as a Co-operative society supermarket - were built on the west of Milking Bank joining onto Grosvenor Road. This latest development was a mix of private homes as well as ones leased out by a housing association.
The estate is served by a public house, the Meadow Lark, as well as a doctor's surgery.
A Spar minimarket opened in the mid 1980s, around the time that the first houses were built. This later became a Bargain Booze store, but it was burnt down in a suspected arson attack in 2011.
[http://www.west-midlands.police.uk/dudleynorth/n6.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="20831631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831631" title="Hudo, Domžale">
Hudo, Domžale

Hudo is a settlement north of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20831636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831636" title="Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway (1916–88)">
Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway (1916–88)

The Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway was a Class I railroad mostly within the U.S. state of Ohio. It was leased to the New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad (Nickel Plate Road) in 1949, and merged into the Norfolk and Western Railway in 1988. A new regional railroad reused the Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway name in 1990 when it acquired most of the former W&LE from the N&W.
At the end of 1944, W&LE operated 507 miles of road and 1003 miles of track; that year it reported 2371 million net ton-miles of revenue freight and 0.002 million passenger-miles.
History.
The original Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway's oldest predecessor rail line began in Ohio, with the organization of the Carroll County Railroad on March 9, 1850.
The Wheeling and Lake Erie Railroad was established on April 6, 1871, and was first built as a gauge narrow gauge line between Norwalk and Huron, Ohio. Service began on the new line on May 31, 1877. However, the new road was unable to attract regular traffic, or financing for expansion, and had closed within two years. 
With investment by railroad financier Jay Gould in 1880 and financial reorganization, the line was converted to standard gauge and construction began again. Service from Huron to Massillon, Ohio, was opened on January 9, 1882, and new lines were constructed that eventually reached the Ohio River and Toledo. The W&LE also developed new docks on Lake Erie at Huron that opened May 21, 1884, when the first cargo of iron ore was received. 
In 1880, another gauge line, the Connotton Valley Railway, was formed, building north from Canton to Cleveland and then south to Coshocton and Zanesville. The Connotton Valley became the Cleveland, Canton & Southern Railroad and was converted to standard gauge in one day on November 18, 1888. The Cleveland, Canton & Southern Railroad joined the W&LE in 1899 after its purchase at foreclosure sale, becoming W&LE's Cleveland Division.
At its height, the W&LE ran from Wheeling, West Virginia, (via the Wheeling Terminal Railway) to Lake Erie at Huron and Toledo. However, the main lines of the W&LE never reached outside Ohio's borders. It also ran from Cleveland to Zanesville, with the lines crossing at Harmon, just east of Brewster, Ohio, which became the location of W&LE's corporate headquarters and locomotive shops. With two busy main stems crossing on the map of Ohio; the road's nickname for many years was "The Iron Cross". A branch between Steubenville and Martins Ferry, Ohio, was completed in 1891, which led to an indirect connection to Wheeling via the Ohio River bridge of the Wheeling Terminal Railway.
The W&LE began producing locomotives at its Brewster, Ohio, shops in 1910, and boasted one of the finest locomotive producing facilities in the country. Over the years, the W&LE built and rolled boilers and erected fifty of their own steam locomotives, a feat never tried by many larger and more famous railroads.
The W&LE was jokingly called the "Wailing and Leg Weary" but, after several early financial embarrassments, finally found prosperity in its later life. The W&LE was leased by the Nickel Plate Road in 1949. The Nickel Plate Road merged with Norfolk and Western Railway in 1964. The W&LE was finally consolidated into the Norfolk and Western on September 20, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20831637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831637" title="Pleurodiscus">
Pleurodiscus

Pleurodiscus is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea.
"Pleurodiscus" is the only genus in the family Pleurodiscidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Pleurodiscus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20831638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831638" title="Central High School (Central, South Carolina)">
Central High School (Central, South Carolina)

Central High School is a former school building located Central, Pickens County, South Carolina. It was built in 1908 and expanded in 1925. It is located at 304 Church Street.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
It is currently used for residential living. 

</doc>
<doc id="20831643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831643" title="Dennis Butler">
Dennis Butler

Dennis Anthony Butler (born 24 June 1944) is an English former footballer and football manager. He played as a winger for Bolton Wanderers between 1959 and 1968, before ending his playing career following a five-year spell at Rochdale. Later working as a coach and assistant manager, he spent an unsuccessful time as Port Vale manager between 1978 and 1979.
Playing career.
Dennis played for Leigh Grammar School and Atherton Schoolboys before joining Bolton Wanderers at the age of 15 in 1959. He spent nine years with the club, racking up 65 appearances. Dennis made his debut under Bill Ridding in December 1963 at Aston Villa. The following week he made a winning Burnden Park debut against the great Tottenham Hotspur side before scoring his first league goal at Arsenal in January 1964. At the end of the 1963–64 season the "Trotters" were relegated out of the First Division. He was an ever present until a bad cartilage injury in October 1964, which kept him out of football for nearly a year. Butler made occasional appearances for Bolton before moving on to Rochdale in 1968, who won promotion out of the Fourth Division in 1968–69. He was signed by Bob Stokoe and spent over six years with Rochdale playing 156 league games, and scoring 36 goals before his early retirement as a player in 1973.
Managerial career.
Following his retirement as a player, he coached at Rochdale and Bury. He was made assistant manager at Port Vale under Bobby Smith in November 1977. After Smith's departure to Swindon Town, he became manager for the 1978–79 season. The "Valiants" finished 16th in the Fourth Division and later he left by mutual consent in August 1979. He had signed popular player Bernie Wright from Bradford City for £9,000, however most of his big money signings had torrid times at Vale Park. He signed right-back Neil Wilkinson (free), Ken Todd (a club-record £37,000 signing despite only having made a handful of appearances for Wolverhampton Wanderers), Gerry Keenan (£15,000), Felix Healy (£8,000), Kevin Tully (£3,000 plus Neil Wilkinson), Andy Proudlove (£1,000), Peter Farrell (breaking the club-record again at £40,000), and Bob Delgado (£30,000). To finance these signings, he sold John Froggatt (£8,000), Mick Moore (£2,000), Terry Bailey (£2,000), Ken Beamish (£35,000), and John Ridley (£55,000). After his team were booed he called the fans 'a bunch of yobs'. Vale recorded a £52,000 loss despite a remarkable £225,000 income from the club's commercial department. Butler's transfer dealings had lost the club £36,000, whilst wages more than doubled from £113,000 to £259,000. After leaving Burslem, Butler then reunited with Bobby Smith at Swindon, becoming the first team coach before retiring from football in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20831654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831654" title="Alan Palmer">
Alan Palmer

Alan Warwick Palmer (born 1926) is a British author of historical and biographical books.
Background.
Palmer was educated at Bancroft's School, Woodford Green, London, and Oriel College, Oxford. He spent 19 years as senior history teacher at Highgate School before becoming a full-time writer and researcher. His wife Veronica Palmer has collaborated on several of his books.
Honours and awards.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20831662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831662" title="Kekaha Kai State Park">
Kekaha Kai State Park

Kekaha Kai State Park, formerly known as Kona Coast State Park, is a located along the North Kona coast on the island of Hawaii. It includes Mahaiula Beach, Makalawena Beach and Kua Bay. The name comes from "ke kaha kai" which means "the shore line" in the Hawaiian language.
The northern section of the park is on Maniniowali beach at , which is normally called Kua Bay since it is easier to pronounce.
The wetland area behind Makalawena beach (the shore of Puu Alii Bay) 
is listed as a National Natural Landmark.
It is known as Ōpaeula Pond (Hawaiian for "red shrimp"), and was the site of an old fishing village of 7 or 8 houses, wiped out in the 1946 tsunami.
Its provide one of the last remaining nesting grounds of the "āeo" (Hawaiian Stilt, "Himantopus mexicanus knudseni"), the "alae keokeo" (Hawaiian Coot, "Fulica alai"), and the only known breeding area for the "aukuu" (Black-crowned Night Heron, "Nycticorax nycticorax hoactli") in Hawaii.
It is located at coordinates , in the privately owned area between the two sections of the state park.
The park is open 9:00 am – 7:00 pm daily except Wednesdays.
A paved road North of Kona International Airport leads to Maniniowali (Kua Bay), and an unpaved lava road leads to Mahaiula.
The Mahaiula section has a sandy beach and dune with a picnic area. A hike north on the historic coastal trail, Ala Kahakai, connects Mahaiula and Kua Bay. A hike to the summit of Puu Kuili, a cinder cone, offers an excellent view of the coastline.

</doc>
<doc id="20831682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831682" title="Lefty George">
Lefty George

Thomas Edward "Lefty" George (August 13, 1886 – May 13, 1955) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for four seasons. He played for the St. Louis Browns in 1911, the Cleveland Naps in 1912, the Cincinnati Reds in 1915, and the Boston Braves in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20831697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831697" title="Personality (TV series)">
Personality (TV series)

Personality is an American game show produced by Bob Stewart and hosted by Larry Blyden which ran on NBC from July 3, 1967 to September 26, 1969 at 11:00 AM, EST.
Gameplay.
A panel of three celebrities, each playing for a member of the studio audience or home viewer, tried to predict how other celebrities answered a series of questions asked in pre-recorded interviews.
Round 1.
In the first round, two of the panelists were given three possible responses for each question asked to the third and after they chose, the correct answer was shown.
Round 2.
In the second round, each celebrity panelist had to guess how a series of people responded to questions related to the celebrity.
Round 3.
In the final round, each celebrity panelist had to guess how a different celebrity answered questions.
Each correct answer was worth $25 for the person they were playing for. The panelist with the most money at the end of the game won a vacation for his/her audience/home viewer partner.
Music.
The show's original theme was "Strutting with Maria" by Herb Alpert, while the second was composed by Bob Cobert. The second theme was later used for Stewart's "Three on a Match".
Episode status.
The series is believed to be wiped, as per network practices of the era, with only two episodes known to exist – #437 (March 4, 1969) and #542 (July 29, 1969). GSN has aired the latter several times, although it also circulates among private collectors as a studio master with production slate. Another episode from the same week as #542 has recently been discovered and uploaded to YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="20831715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831715" title="Ajith C. S. Perera">
Ajith C. S. Perera

Ajith Chrysantha Stephen Perera, JP, CChem., FRSC (born 29 February 1956) is a Chartered Chemist by profession, a scholar, a former senior manager in industry, a qualified training instructor, also a former test-match-panel cricket umpire, and now, by reason of personal adversity, has become an author, a disability rights activist and an accessibility adviser-auditor.
The international admiration Perera has won and the national recognition he has gained have come through his achievements, acquired both in Sri Lanka and in England in different fields: cricket, analytical chemistry and quality assurance, in all of which he is academically and professionally well qualified and widely experienced.
He is the founder and, as of 31 July 2013, holds the honorary position of Chief Executive-Secretary-General of Idiriya, a registered, not-for-profit humanitarian service organisation in Sri Lanka.
Almost on the eve of umpiring his first cricket test match in Colombo, Sri Lanka vs New Zealand, a large wayside tree crashed on and straddled his moving car, killing his chauffeur and leaving him instantaneously a paraplegic for life.
Family.
Born to Instructor Commander M. G. S. Perera, former Director of Naval Training, Royal Ceylon Navy and former Senior Staff Captain / Nautical Instructor (Training of Deck Officer Cadets) Ceylon Shipping Corporation (1977–1983) and Maureen Johanna Perera, he has one sister, Deepthi C. J. Guneratne BSc(Botany), MSc(soil chemistry).
Education.
Perera completed his primary and secondary education at the Royal Primary School and the Royal College Colombo and thereafter gained BSc(Honours) from the University of Sri Lanka, Colombo in May 1975, followed by a joint MSc from the University of Colombo and the University of Birmingham in July 1977. He thereby qualified professionally in the field of Analytical Chemistry, specialising in the subject of Quality Assurance, in which he holds an honorary PhD
Professional life: 1978–1992.
Perera is a Chartered Chemist by profession and a Registered Analytical Chemist of the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) in the United Kingdom. He is a Fellow (FRSC) of the RSC, of which he is an honorary life member and the former hony. secretary / treasurer (1984–1992) of its section in Sri Lanka.
He is also a life member and a Fellow (FIChemC) of the Institute of Chemistry Ceylon and a Fellow (FIQA) of the Institute of Quality Assurance UK.
His professional career started in August 1978 as an assistant lecturer at the department of Chemistry, University of Colombo. His work thereafter in the multinational pharmaceutical manufacturing industry extended for almost 14 years, from September 1978 until July 1992.
Perera started his career in industry as a production executive with Glaxo Ceylon Limited and stayed until March 1982.
Mackwoods-Winthrop Limited then hired hm as the senior manager in charge of their quality assurance and analytical control divisions until March 1989, and thereafter as the senior manager of the newly established technical services department.
Perera then changed over to the cosmetics and healthcare industry when Hemas Manufacturing Limited invited him to join them in August 1992 as the Director-Senior Manager of quality assurance and product development.
But it was only 14 weeks service there for Perera, as a freak road accident on 12 November 1992 made him instantaneously a paraplegic for life and cut short tragically, at the age of 36, his professional career that was just blossoming out.
Cricket career: 1972 –.
His "professional achievements in the cricketing sphere have extended to almost all possible vital avenues of the game" reaching often the professional levels – as a player, umpire, scorer, training instructor and examiner on its laws, administrator, writer, author, and even an activist promoting 'enabling facilities for all' at cricket stadia, etc.
Major achievements.
Perera started playing serious cricket, as a utility player who combined his undergraduate and postgraduate education with cricket. He represented regularly the University of Colombo for seven consecutive years between 1972 and 1978, and played at Inter-club Division – One two-day tournament cricket conducted by the Board of Control for Cricket in Sri Lanka (BCCSL) for the P. Saravanamuttu Trophy, which was then considered as the main first-class domestic cricket competition in the country.
In 1975, whilst still an undergraduate, Perera qualified to become a cricket umpire. He is the first and only test-match-panel Cricket Umpire the Royal College Colombo and the University of Colombo have ever produced.
Sri Lanka gained "test status" in 1981 as a full member of the international cricket council. Yet, it was still the era when cricket scoring was hardly given any kind of importance.
In the "Preface" to "The Golden Era of Sri Lankan Cricket" Leslie Cheeseman B.E.M. described Perera’s endeavours as:
"Even in those early days, the perceived extent of his unbridled enthusiasm, the level of his intended personal commitment, analytical mind, high degree of technical knowledge of the game and its governing laws, plus his unquenchable thirst for newer knowledge and practical experience at higher level of the game together with his willingness to further improve individual performance, made Perera to decide to go to England, several times at his own expense, to achieve this goal".
As a result Perera became the "First Sri Lankan" to be accepted and recognised by the body the Association of Cricket Umpires and Scorers England as a "professionally qualified" cricket umpire (24 October 1985), scorer (7 April 1987), then also as a 'scorer competent in advanced scoring techniques' (25 March 1990), a Grade – A senior training instructor in the art and craft of both cricket scoring and cricket umpiring (August 1990) and finally, also as an effective examiner (1 November 1998) on the Laws of Cricket, all offices of this reputed association.
For 15 weeks of the British summer in 1990, Perera, afforded the opportunity, umpired matches in England in Lancashire county four-day second eleven and in leagues in the area, viz. Bolton & District Cricket Association, Bolton League and Central Lancashire.
After 17 years of hard work, sacrifice, loads of patience and, refusal to bow down to pressure and change his ways to please anyone at the centre, Perera, at the age of 36, made his way to the six-member Sri Lanka test-match-panel of cricket umpires on 10 November 1992.
In 10 days’ time Perera was due to stand in his first test match in Colombo Sri Lanka vs New Zealand. It was so…… very close yet so far for Perera.
Significant Contributions.
In 1996, he was highly commended by the then Sri Lanka Cricket Board in becoming of great assistance to them, as single-handedly, Perera accepted and satisfactorily completed its highly technical assignment to streamline the rules and regulations governing 2, 3 and 4-day division – 1, division – 2 and under 24 major tournament cricket in Sri Lanka.
Seated on a wheelchair, battling paraplegia and balancing a laptop, he authored two A-4 size internationally famed books on cricket, "The Golden Era of Sri Lankan Cricket" (May 1999) ISBN 955-96698-0-X and "Thinking Cricket" (September 2001) ISBN 955-96698-1-8. They were also published by him without any external financial support.
In December 1999, at the request of the Sri Lanka Cricket Board, Perera designed and conducted over four half-days the first formal training and evaluation programme for the top Sri Lanka scorers, in preparation for the under-19 cricket world cup tournament that was held there in January 2000.
Perera has also turned a pioneer disability activist campaigning in Sri Lanka for "enabling sports environments and user-friendly facilities".
Honours and recognitions.
On 8 May 1999 the Association of Cricket Umpires Sri Lanka, in recognition of his twenty four long years of dedicated services, unstinted loyal support and unlimited contributions towards the betterment of the umpiring fraternity in Sri Lanka, at times at great personal sacrifice, unanimously elected Perera a ‘Life Member’.
Wisden Cricketers’ Almanack (millennium edition) has seen fit to regard Perera as one of only eight cricketing people to be specifically recognised for his many achievements and worthwhile contributions to the game.
He also became a recipient (1999) of the "star of Asia" award for excellence in sports.
On 30 January 2003, Perera and 15 other retired test match and one-day international panel senior umpires of Sri Lanka were recognised for the dedicated long years of "thankless services" rendered to the game and felicitated.
On 30 September 2005, Perera, for his internationally recognised significant contributions to cricket literature, became the first author in the annals of his country’s sports literature to be recognised and honoured formally at a literary awards festival.
On 30 August 2007 again, Perera was amongst five cricket scorers recognised and honoured befittingly for the untiring and admirable services rendered to this vital aspect of the game.
Disability activist: 1997 –.
Perera is a pioneer campaigner in Sri Lanka for Social Inclusion focusing equal opportunity, justice and dignity of all people in day-to-day life – the key concept in this context being "universal design for inclusion of people".- (meaning construction of environments that enable so as to include all and exclude none.)
Significant Contributions.
As a disability rights activist, Perera has promoted the concept of "establishing a society that does not marginalise or discriminate against people on the basis of limited mobility, either for short time, or long time or life time in attending to normal day-to-day life" – the principal problem in this context.
He is a "fervent advocate" of built environments and facilities that are a joy rather than a trial to use by everyone. He has constantly used the weapon of persuasion to convince people that the cumulative result of even small changes could be substantial.
Perera has also pioneered the campaign in Sri Lanka for accessible tourism, recognising it as an overlooked growth market and "new" profit resource for Sri Lanka.
Perera was also instrumental in proposing to the Sri Lanka Standards Institution (SLSI) and paving the way in persuading them to establish the first Sri Lanka standard for design in building construction SLS ISO TR 9527:2006 in 2007, a fact which Dr. A. R. L. Wijesekera, the then Chairman SLSI, recognised as "an achievement of national importance".
Major achievements.
Perera gets a fillip for accessibility rights
Thanks to the voluntary efforts of Perera with foresight, the inherent right of disabled persons to have unhindered access to public buildings and facilities received a substantial boost when the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka "gave a landmark order" on 27 April 2011 – (See External links), further strengthening the earlier given order of 14 October 2009.
Perera for the petitioner present again in person saw the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka order on 17 June 2013 the Agencies of the State to ensure that those of them who are disabled or with restricted ability be given every opportunity to integrate freely with the community.
Perera, appearing at all times in person on a wheelchair and seeking redress for physically disabled persons accessing "new" public buildings, successfully pursued single handed a public interest litigation fundamental rights application under reference SCFR 221/2009.
He argued the need to have the disability access laws and regulations already enacted some years ago, fully enforced and implemented from this date, so that, "ALL Key Building Parts" of "NEW" public buildings in Sri Lanka – toilets and wash facilities in particular – in the commercial, recreational, social, educational, residential and industrial categories, shall be constructed in accordance with "standards and design requirements" specified in the regulations.
His endeavours were aimed at minimising safety hazards for everyone, preventing further colossal losses the people and country incur, promoting social exclusion for all and enhancing productive and gainful opportunities for the widest possible range of persons, dis-abled persons in particular, in their day-to-day lives.
The Supreme Court order, Perera ensured, further stated that all authorities empowered to approve building plans or issue ‘Certificates of Conformity’ for public buildings shall refrain from doing so in respect of any new buildings which violated these orders.
Building planners, architects, builders and local authorities together with owners and co-owners, as equally responsible partners, will be required to adhere to the legal requirements in regard to accessibility. Any violations of these court orders shall be a serious punishable offence incuring punitive repercussions. (See External links.)
At the last Presidential Elections held on 26 January 2010, Perera, in consultation with the Commissioner of Elections initiated voluntary action towards enabling the staff on duty at polling stations to be sensitive to the special needs of disabled voters, including those with significant physical, manual and visual impairments and worked towards providing polling stations and polling booths that would be more approchable and accessible to the disabled persons.
Honours and recognitions.
Dr. Perera has aggressively promoted in Sri Lanka the concept of 'Social Inclusion for All' focusing on built environments that does not marginalise or discriminate against people on the grounds of inevitable diversity in ability and campaigned against arbitrary categorisation of people.
His long years of pioneering voluntary endeavours with unreserved commitment, competence, and invaluable contribution to the promotion and establishment of 'Accessibility to the Built Environment', enhancing social inclusion with safety for all, have recently been befittingly recognised and warmly appreciated by several reputed bodies as depicted in the three photographs here.
Books published.
The Golden Era of Sri Lankan Cricket.
It’s an impressive memento which described the fascinating story of how his national team – Sri Lanka – blossomed out and established itself as "International Champions of 1996/97 in Overs-limited cricket". Perera has also captured here the brilliance, the philosophy and the pulsating drama of one-day internationals (ODIs) of that glorious period (1996–98) backed by highly informative and well tabulated appendices.
Thinking Cricket.
Perera’s "Magnum opus" never loses sight of what is required to make a complete cricketer – in every sense of the word. Former England skipper Mike Brearley OBE has contributed the preface while the then Sri Lanka’s cricket coach, Davenall Whatmore, the Foreword. It is the only self study training guide by an umpire for the players. It has won admiration and gained much recognition to the country from the cricketing world, which includes the ICC, MCC, ECB and even the prestigious Wisden Cricketers’ Almanack (2002).
Access Ability for All – Why You?
It’s an A-5 size consciousness-raising mind opener, free of technical jargon, on "Accessibility for All to built environments" to convince decision makers that it is a low cost investment and a Win – Win game of indispensable National importance for everyone.
Teacher to the Navy – Instructor Commander M. G. S. Perera.
This book is a tribute to Perera’s father, who served Sri Lanka’s Navy in its formative years (1950–1975) and founded the Naval and Maritime Academy (NMA) at Dockyard Trincomalee on 18 July 1967, serving as its first commandant.

</doc>
<doc id="20831719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831719" title="Gunnar Hoffsten">
Gunnar Hoffsten

Gunnar Hoffsten (born "Nils Gunnar Hoffsten"; 7 December 1923, Stockholm – 11 September 2010) was a Swedish composer, bandleader and jazz musician (trumpet, piano). He was the father of Karin Hoffsten, the singer Louise Hoffsten, the artist Lars Hoffsten, and brother of the actress Rut Hoffsten.

</doc>
<doc id="20831722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831722" title="Pete Rushefsky">
Pete Rushefsky

Pete Rushefsky is an American klezmer musician and Executive Director of New York City's Center for Traditional Music and Dance[http://www.klezmershack.com/archives/003675.html][http://www.klezkanada.org/index.php/institute/faculty/1-1-1|0-21318.html]. He plays the cimbalom or "tsimbl" as well as the 5-string banjo. 
He has a book published called "Essentials of Klezmer 5-String Banjo, Volume I".

</doc>
<doc id="20831726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831726" title="George Gerken">
George Gerken

George Herbert Gerken (July 28, 1903 – October 23, 1977) nicknamed "Pickels", was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians for six games during the 1927 Cleveland Indians season and 38 games during the 1928 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20831728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831728" title="Tom Klawitter">
Tom Klawitter

Thomas Carl Klawitter (born June 14, 1958) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played part of in Major League Baseball for the Minnesota Twins. He appeared in seven games, including two starts, without a decision.
Klawitter is currently a physical education teacher at Parker High School in Janesville, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20831739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831739" title="Pleurodiscus balmei">
Pleurodiscus balmei

Pleurodiscus balmei is a Mediterranean European species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurodiscidae. 
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands including:
It was introduced to southeastern Australia.
This snail also occurs as a "hothouse alien" in:

</doc>
<doc id="20831744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831744" title="The Death of Captain America">
The Death of Captain America

"The Death of Captain America" is an eighteen-issue Captain America story arc written by Ed Brubaker with art by Steve Epting and published by Marvel Comics. The arc first appears in "Captain America" (vol. 5) #25-#42. The first issue of the story arc, "Captain America" #25, was the highest selling comic for the month of its release. The story arc had wide-sweeping effects throughout the Marvel Universe and was accompanied by the miniseries "".
Plot summary.
The Death of the Dream.
In the aftermath of "Civil War", Captain America is taken into S.H.I.E.L.D. custody where he is assassinated per the order of the Red Skull. Crossbones snipes at him while Sharon Carter, who has been brainwashed by Doctor Faustus posing as a S.H.I.E.L.D. psychiatrist, delivers the killing blow. S.H.I.E.L.D. director Tony Stark and Black Widow hunt Captain America's murderers. Falcon, Captain America's old partner, follows his own leads to find the killers. Meanwhile, Bucky Barnes decides to kill Tony Stark, blaming him for Captain America's death.
The Burden of Dreams.
After receiving a letter written by Steve Rogers telling him that the Captain America legacy should continue, and look out for Bucky, Stark shows Bucky Barnes the letter and proposes to make him the new Captain America. Bucky agrees on the condition that he can be an independent agent who doesn't answer to Stark, S.H.I.E.L.D., or the Initiative. The Red Skull fakes the death of Aleksander Lukin, whose mind he inhabits, begins using Kronas Corporation's vast holdings to economically cripple the United States, before having S.H.I.E.L.D. agents brainwashed by Doctor Faustus open fire on crowds of protesters in front of the White House. The Red Skull continues his assault by engineering a riot by placing Kronas security troops and drugged water in a protest on the Lincoln Monument. The Skull also kidnaps Sharon Carter, who now knows that she is pregnant with Steve Rogers' child.
The Man Who Bought America.
All of the Red Skull's actions benefit his puppet politician, Gordon Wright, who quickly becomes a popular third party Presidential candidate. Once elected, Wright will lead the country directly into a police state secretly controlled by the Red Skull.
The Skull also plans to transfer his consciousness into Sharon's unborn child, apparently sired by Steve Rogers himself and potentially having inherited his Project Rebirth enhancements.
Both schemes fail because of the impatience and incompetence of the Skull's daughter — her near-fatal attack on Sharon Carter causes her to lose the baby, and she intentionally botches her pseudo-assassination of Gordon Wright by attempting to kill him in earnest. Faustus has surreptitiously tampered with Sharon's programming, allowing her to rebel, and before escaping shoots Lukin to death. Black Widow and the Falcon lead a S.H.I.E.L.D. raid at the Red Skull's compound. Most of the Skull's agents are captured. The Red Skull escapes however; his consciousness is transferred from Lukin to one of the robot bodies used by Arnim Zola.
Collected editions.
The story arc is collected in three trade paperbacks and one Marvel Omnibus: - 
Reception.
"Captain America" #25 which depicted Steve Roger's death was the highest selling comic of March 2007 with preorder sales of 290,514 which was double the sales of the "Mighty Avengers" #1 in the same period. The Death of Captain America was reported in ABC News, where Bryan Robinsons paralleled the events to the Post-September 11 World and Iraq.
Prose Novel.
The storyline will be adapted into a Prose Novel by Comics Writer Larry Hama in March 2014 to tie in the release of "" and will feature Black Widow, Falcon and Bucky Barnes as central characters..

</doc>
<doc id="20831755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831755" title="Ithica 27 ϕ 9">
Ithica 27 ϕ 9

"Ithica 27 ϕ 9" is a song by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai.
"Ithica 27 ϕ 9" was originally released as a double A-side single with "Summer" on 4 November 1996 through Love Train. It was later included on the 1997 compilation album, "Ten Rapid (Collected Recordings 1996-1997)".
The song is also as referred to as "Ithica 27ø9", "Ithica 27-9" and "Ithica 27 Phi 9".
Musical composition.
The guitars in the song are tuned to (C♯ A E G♯ G♯ G♯).
The song begins with a repeated note played by guitar, until (0:13), when a soft riff based on the G♯ minor chord is played. At (0:38), more guitars and a drumbeat enter, and an alternate melody is played. At (1:01), the main melody is played again then at (1:25), the drumbeat and guitars get steadily heavier and faster, until at (1:47), a wall of distorted guitar noise explodes. This continues to (2:19), when the main riff is again played, until (2:40), when the guitar fades into silence.
Release and reception.
The song was first released as a 7" single, limited to 1500 copies through Love Train on November 4, 1996. The artwork featured on the sleeve of the 7" is by Neale Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="20831761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831761" title="Samantha Davies">
Samantha Davies

Samantha Davies (born 28 November 1974 in Portsmouth) is a British yachtswoman.
Early life.
Davies was educated at Portsmouth High School. She has a degree in Mechanical Engineering from St John's College, Cambridge.
Biography.
Resident in Kerlin (Trégunc), Brittany, France, Davies trains at "Pôle France, Finistère Course au Large" in Port-La-Forêt (La Forêt-Fouesnant).
She is engaged to French sailor Romain Attanasio and mother of a son, Ruben.
Samantha Davies came into the limelight with her 2008-2009 single-handed circumnavigation in the Vendée Globe race, where she placed fourth. She was the third to cross the finish line, but owed a time allowance of 50 Hr to competitor Marc Guillemot, who crossed the line 48:40' after her. The time allowance was applied following both competitors' diversion to assist injured skipper Yann Eliès, but Marc Guillemot benefited from a larger handicap because of his forward position in the race. Her abundant and lively video footage during the race caused a media and audience frenzy that dubbed her "la petite anglaise".

</doc>
<doc id="20831762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831762" title="Friedrich Balduin von Gagern">
Friedrich Balduin von Gagern

Friedrich Balduin, Baron von Gagern (1794–1848) was a German soldier.
Life.
He was the eldest of the sons of Hans Christoph Ernst von Gagern. 
He was born at Weilburg on the 24th of October 1794. He entered the University of Göttingen, but soon left, and, taking service in the Austrian army, took part in the Russian campaign of 1812, and fought in the following year at Dresden, Kulm and Leipzig. 
He then entered the Dutch service, took part in the campaigns of 1815, and, after studying another year at Heidelberg, was member for Luxemburg of the military commission of the German federal diet (1824, 1825). 
In 1830 and 1831 he took part in the Dutch campaign in Belgium, and in 1844, after being promoted to the rank of general, was sent on an important mission to the Dutch East Indies to inquire into the state of their military defences. 
In 1847, he was appointed governor at the Hague, and commandant in South Holland. 
In the spring of 1848 he was in Germany, and on the outbreak of the revolutionary troubles he accepted the invitation of the government of Baden to take the command against the insurgent “free companies” (Freischaaren) in the Hecker Uprising led by Friedrich Hecker. 
At Kandern, on the 20th of April, he made a vain effort to persuade the leaders to submit, and was about to order his troops to attack, when he was mortally wounded by the bullets of the insurgents.

</doc>
<doc id="20831764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831764" title="Kuala Lumpur Open">
Kuala Lumpur Open

The Kuala Lumpur Open is a defunct, ATP Tour affiliated tennis tournament. It was played from 1993–1995 and held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It was played on hard court in 1993 and on indoor carpet courts from 1994 to 1995. It was an event on the ATP World Series, replacing the Singapore Open for this period.
Two tournaments were held in 1993, in January (won by Richie Reneberg) and September (won by Michael Chang). Jacco Eltingh and Paul Haarhuis won the doubles title together in three successive tournaments - 1993 (twice) and 1994.
Champions.
Doubles.
Kuala Lumpur again started hosting a professional tennis event in 2009, namely the Proton Malaysian Open, which is currently part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour

</doc>
<doc id="20831771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831771" title="Courtesy lights">
Courtesy lights

Courtesy Lights are used to request right-of-way primarily by volunteer or call firefighters and emergency medical technicians (EMTs) to expedite their drive in their privately owned vehicles, to their firehouse or base. Courtesy lights do not allow the user to disobey traffic laws such as speed limit, stop signs or stop lights. Courtesy lights should not be confused with emergency warning lights used in conjunction with audible warning systems (sirens) for emergency vehicles such as police cars, fire apparatus and ambulances, nor should they be confused with warning lights as used by tow-trucks, snow-plows, construction vehicles and school buses to increase awareness especially when moving slowly or stopped in the roadway.
The term is also used to refer to the internal car light that comes on automatically when a door is opened.
Laws.
A vehicle lawfully displaying courtesy lights is not an emergency response vehicle. In most states, vehicles displaying courtesy lights must still stop at stop signs, red lights, etc. and may not speed or disobey any traffic regulations. Usually, violation ticket fines are increased if the ticketed car was flashing courtesy lights. Laws vary greatly by state. 
In most states, other vehicles are not required to yield to the vehicle displaying the courtesy lights, hence the name "courtesy".
A permit is not required in any state, besides New Jersey, to display a courtesy light.
If an officer pulls your vehicle over for using courtesy lights, you will need to provide identification that you are Emergency Personnel (Badge, ID Number, ID Card, Etc.)
Colors.
Traditionally, blue lights are used for both firefighters and EMTs. However, some states (especially in the Northwestern US) use Green lights for both firefighters and EMTs. Other States (most notably New York) use Blue for firefighter and Green for EMTs. White has traditionally been allowed with Blue or Green; however, in recent years, certain states (Pennsylvania, New York) have become more restrictive.
Rarely, red is used for courtesy lights. Texas doesn't specify what colors for volunteer ems/fire as far as the state, but restricts the use of red to them, but they can also use a combination of red, red/blue. Also local laws and department policies might restrict the color of these lights.

</doc>
<doc id="20831773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831773" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 29 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. One site is further designated as a National Historic Landmark. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20831776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831776" title="Johnny Gill (baseball)">
Johnny Gill (baseball)

John Wesley Gill (March 27, 1905 – December 26, 1984) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for six seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1927 to 1928, the Washington Senators in 1931 and 1934, and the Chicago Cubs from 1935 to 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20831785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831785" title="Miguel Castaño">
Miguel Castaño

Miguel Castaño Quiñones (February 23, 1883, León, Spain - November 21, 1936) was a Spanish socialist politician and journalist, member of Parliament during the Second Spanish Republic and the first democratically elected Mayor of León, serving until his assassination in 1936 by francoist rebels during the Spanish Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="20831790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831790" title="Walt Solek">
Walt Solek

Walter Solek or Walt Solek was a Polish-American lyricist, musician, performer, and radio show host who introduced English-language lyrics into polka music in the United States. Solek was known as the "Clown Prince of Polka" and died on 1 April 2005 at the age of 94.
Solek was honored by the International Polka Association, the Polka Hall of Fame in Chicago, he is a Meriden Hall of Fame member, and "the first sailor in 1940 who could sing "Anchors Aweigh" in Polish". He hosted the Polka Show on WMMW radio for 28 years starting in 1947, and had a 75 year music career.
Early career.
Solek's first break was with the Krakowska Orchestra organized by his brother Henry, with which he recorded on the RCA Victor label. In 1939 he organized his own polka band before being called up by Uncle Sam in 1940 to serve in the United States Navy. After World War II, his song "Julida Polka" was one of his earliest hits on Columbia Records.
"The hit vaulted him right to the top of the polka world." The band was booked into dance halls all over the eastern states, billed as the “Polish Spike Jones”. His success continued with other hits including "Coal Miners Polka," "Pierogi Polka," "Green Parrot," and "They’re Always In The Way." The polka business fell on hard times in the '50s and his band made the switch to cutting records with English lyrics. During this period he released the hit song "Who Stole The Keeshka". He spent 35 years in the music business recording with Columbia Records, Harmonia, Dana, Reprise, Starr, and Rex Records.
Popularity.
"When asked about the greatest places he ever appeared, he replied that the band drew their biggest crowds at Lakeside and Lakewood Ballrooms in Barnesville, Pennsylvania numbering over 3,000,000 polka lovers." The emergence of Rock and Roll music provided tough competition, and Solek suggested disc jockeys who run polka programs play more tunes with English lyrics. He was a DJ at WMMW in Meriden, Connecticut starting in 1947.
Walt was known for his exuberant performances and unusual outfits, and he wasn't bothered by criticism deriding the polka music form "He was a musician, a showman, an actor, and an entertainer." When he was home, Walt lived with his wife, Marilyn, and son, Joe, the drummer in his orchestra, son Tom and daughter Anita. 
Solek's popularity was helped by his ability to effectively mix comedy and polka together.
His song "Who Stole the Kishka?" (originally spelled Keeshka) has been a popular popular party tune since it was recorded in the '50s with English Lyrics. The song was also a hit for the Matys Brothers who recorded it in 1963, and has been performed regularly by other bands and remains a cult classic. His 1981 recording of "Ta-Ra-Ra-Boom-De-Ay" or "We Don't Have Any Money (but We Have a Lot of Fun)" was also popular.
His motto was "Bringing people together through music!". He played polka music during a time when polka was considered un-cool, competing with Elvis and The Beatles, but "he knew how to have a good time and he also new how to make people laugh and forget their worries for a while."
Walt was inducted into the International Polka Association Hall of Fame in 1974. He was a parishioner of
St. Stanislaus Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20831818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831818" title="Kevin Sargent (American football)">
Kevin Sargent (American football)

Kevin Sargent (born March 31, 1969 in Bremerton, Washington) is a former American football Offensive tackle in the National Football League. He was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent in 1992. He played college football at Eastern Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20831830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831830" title="Robert A. Agresta">
Robert A. Agresta

Robert Anthony Agresta (born March 31, 1983) is an investor, businessman, lawyer, inventor and an American Republican Party politician. He is the founder and president of Agresta Acquisitions, a private investment company and The Agresta Firm, a New York based law firm. His father was the owner of Benzel-Busch Motor Car Corp. in Englewood, NJ.
Robert was elected on November 4, 2008 to serve a three-year term as a Republican councilman in the Borough of Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, defeating Democratic opponent Patricia Drimones, 1256 to 1059. On January 6, 2009, Agresta was voted President of the Borough Council after two more Republicans were voted in during the November 2009 general election creating a new Republican majority in Englewood Cliffs.
Biography.
Agresta was born at Holy Name Medical Center in Teaneck, New Jersey.
After graduating from Fordham University in 2005, Agresta attended a one-year program in McLean, Virginia, developed by the National Automobile Dealers Association to teach dealership management techniques. Agresta is currently Managing Partner at The Agresta Firm PC and General Counsel at Benzel-Busch Motor Car Corp.
Agresta graduated from New York Law School in New York City on June 1, 2009 with a Juris Doctor degree. He began law school as an evening student and in 2007 was elected Student Bar Association senator for the New York Law School Evening Division. In 2008 Agresta transferred to the full-time day division and graduated one year early.
Early career.
At the age of 16, Agresta incorporated the technology business, CapSync Systems, Inc. Subsequently, while attending high school at the Dwight-Englewood School, he and friends formed WMN, LLC, a media technology startup, contemporaneously with the filing of a U.S. Patent Application.
In 2001, Agresta enrolled at Fordham University to pursue a Bachelor of Science degree in the College of Business Administration, which he was awarded in 2005. By the time he graduated from Fordham, Agresta had filed his second U.S. Patent Application, completed two tiers of fundraising and was marketing WMN’s concept to potential purchasers out of an office in Rockefeller Center.
As one of six brothers and sisters, Agresta has also been actively involved in his family business - Benzel-Busch Motor Car Corp. - the Mercedes-Benz dealership his father acquired in 1976 when it sold 300 cars per year. Agresta worked summers during high school updating the dealership's technology system and helped make it into a notably successful enterprise in the New York area.
Business career.
In 2004, Agresta formed Agresta Acquisitions, LLC., a venture capital, M&A and holding company. In 2009, Agresta formed The Agresta Firm, PC, a law firm specializing in corporate transactions after successfully passing the New York and New Jersey bar exams. Agresta is admitted to the bars of the State of New York, the District of Columbia and the State of New Jersey. Agresta is a member of the American Bar Association, New Jersey State Bar Association, the Bergen County Bar Association and the New York State Bar Association.
2011 Young Leader American Swiss Foundation Diplomacy.
In 2011, Agresta was nominated as a Young Leader in the American Swiss Foundation by Christopher Ruddy who acts as Trustee to the organization. He participated in a week-long diplomatic conference to improve relations between the United States and Switzerland sponsored by Nestle traveling across Switzerland through Montreux, Bern, Geneva and Gstaad.
2008 campaign for Borough Council.
Agresta was the Republican nominee running for the Englewood Cliffs Borough Council seat held by democratic incumbent Patricia Drimones. Agresta was the winner of the June 2008 primary in which he ran uncontested.
On November 4, 2008, Agresta won a three-year term to the Englewood Cliffs council. He was sworn into office on January 6, 2009 by Judge Maurice Gallipoli, Assignment Judge of Hudson County, New Jersey.
Agresta was endorsed by New Jersey Senator Gerald Cardinale, New Jersey Senator Tom Kean, Jr., Englewood Mayor Michael Wildes, Bernard Kerik and Dr. Mehmet Oz.
Agresta has endorsed candidates for numerous offices including Englewood Cliffs Councilpersons Eric Petrone, Carlo Bartolomeo and Carrol McMorrow.
Activism.
On August 30, 2009, Agresta joined Gov. Jon Corzine, U.S. Senator Frank Lautenberg, U.S. Representative Steven Rothman and Englewood Mayor Michael Wildes at a protest in Englewood, NJ against Libyan leader Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi coming to inhabit a home owned in the town by the Libyan government.
On September 12, 2009, Agresta attended a 9-12 rally in Washington, DC against excessive taxation and large government.
On May 1, 2011, President Barack Obama announced that Osama Bin Laden had been captured and killed. Agresta joined Fox correspondent Margaret Hoover, model Melyssa Ford and other revelers at Ground Zero to memorialize the occasion.
2009-2011 Term of Office.
In July 2010, Agresta, as Chairman of the Finance Committee, introduced the 2010 municipal budget. The budget, which represented a $588 increase over the borough's 2009 spending plan, carried a $10.5 million tax levy. A taxpayer with a home assessed at $1.25 million, the borough's average, would pay $3,838 in municipal taxes — $200 more than 2009. Agresta said two major factors accounted for this increase: Governor Christie’s decision not to allow municipalities to defer payments to the state pension plan and a loss in state aid this year. Aside from those factors, he said,the tax rate would have remained flat.
During the 2010 election in which incumbent council democrats Ilan Plawker and Melanie Simon were seeking re-election, they cited an article from Agresta's website in which he supports shared services to lower property taxes, arguing that Agresta was in favor of a merger of towns and had spoken with the mayor of neighboring Englewood regarding the same. Huttle was quoted as saying "I did have a conversation with Mayor Parisi, council members and other Democrats and Republican council members in nearby towns and invited them to join me in sitting down to explore very carefully any opportunities that do exist to share services for the sole purpose of reducing costs and improving services."
At the January 2011 mayor & council reorganization meeting, Agresta introduced resolutions to not reappoint a number of borough professionals and employees for the 2011 term including the Borough Clerk / Administrator, Municipal Assistant, Borough Attorney and Labor Attorney. Agresta said that the moves were made to "save the taxpayers money." He added,"The taxpayers deserve an administration capable of efficiently working in their interests to reduce the spending." "I'm still in shock," Mayor Joseph C. Parisi Jr., a Democrat, said a day after the reorganization meeting. "I am aghast of the treatment of the borough employees it's inhumane." On February 1, 2011 at a public meeting of the mayor & council, Agresta introduced resolutions to hire Susan McGinley Spohn as borough Administrator / Clerk, and to eliminate the position of Deputy Clerk from the borough ordinances. Douglas Doyle, of Decotiis, Fitzpatrick and Cole, was appointed as borough attorney and labor attorney, replacing two other attorneys.
Controversy.
Agresta has been a certified Firefighter in the State of New Jersey since 2002 and was a member of the Englewood Cliffs Volunteer Fire Department until October 2008. In October 2008, Agresta was suspended from the department. On November 4, 2008, Agresta won election to the office of Councilman. Later in November, Agresta was terminated by the department for a low call response percentage. Agresta maintains that the termination was a political action taken by the department, spearheaded by his political opponent's brother and husband who are respectively the President and Chief of the department as retaliation for his candidacy for the office of Councilman. Agresta has explained his low call response percentage by stating that he was on academic leave from the department. He has filed a suit for retaliatory termination and civil rights violations in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. Pursuant to a settlement agreement entered into on September 2, 2009, the insurance company representing the defendants agreed to pay a portion of Agresta's legal fees. The Englewood Cliffs Fire Department agreed to reinstate Agresta and his brother in good standing. Contemporaneously Agresta and his brother resigned from the department in good standing.

</doc>
<doc id="20831835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831835" title="Kevin Sargent">
Kevin Sargent

Kevin Sargent may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20831850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831850" title="Tinsley Ginn">
Tinsley Ginn

Tinsley Rucker Ginn (September 26, 1891 – August 30, 1931) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for one season. He played with the Cleveland Naps for two games during the 1914 Cleveland Naps season. He attended the University of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="20831882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831882" title="Stick 2 the Script">
Stick 2 the Script

Stick 2 the Script is the second studio album by East Coast hip hop producer Statik Selektah. It was released by Showoff Records and Brick Records on October 21, 2008. It is composed of 18 tracks--all containing production from Statik Selektah and rapping from featured artists. Much like Selektah's debut album, the album features well-established New York rappers like Jadakiss, Q-Tip and Talib Kweli. It additionally features newer artists like Jon Hope and Reks, as well as Southern rappers like Bun B, West Coast rappers like Mistah F.A.B. and a slew of Massachusetts rappers on the song "Streets of M.A.".
The album's production and lyrical subject matter are both diverse. Battle raps ("Get Out the Way"), love songs ("Talkin' Bout You (Ladies)") and reflections on the music industry ("To the Top (Stick 2 the Script)") are all matched with unique beats and scratched hooks. 
The album was well received, but considered to be too much of a continuation of "Spell My Name Right: The Album". Nonetheless, its production was hailed.
An instrumental version of "Stick 2 the Script" was also released.
DJ Premier ranked the album 3rd in his top 20 albums of 2008 list.

</doc>
<doc id="20831894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831894" title="De Stefano 'ndrina">
De Stefano 'ndrina

The De Stefano 'ndrina is one of the most powerful clans of the 'Ndrangheta, a criminal and mafia-type organisation in Calabria, Italy. The 'ndrina hailed from the Archi neighbourhood in Reggio Calabria. Several of its members were included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy. According to prosecutor Salvatore Boemi, the De Stefanos are the representation of the manager-criminal controlling a crime multinational with joint ventures with Raffaele Cutolo from the Camorra and Nitto Santapaola and Francesco Ferrera from Cosa Nostra in Catania.
Origins.
The De Stefano brothers, Paolo, Giovanni, Giorgio and Orazio would come to prominence as members of the 'Ndrangheta clan of Domenico Tripodo, the old boss (capobastone) of Reggio Calabria, who had acquired considerable financial resources through tobacco smuggling. Within two years (as a result of the first 'Ndrangheta war in 1974-1976) they moved from being simple 'Ndranghetisti to being the new "lords" of Reggio Calabria.
Before that time the clan had not been very prominent, according to the pentito Giacomo Lauro, who held important positions in the Reggio Calabria clans. "In 1970 … the De Stefanos … were nobody, they were nobody. The De Stefano brothers became the owners of Reggio Calabria after the war, the first mafia war. … I do not want to swear, but who the fuck were the De Stefanos in the 1970s? They had killed a certain Sergi for four oxen, for a fraud of four oxen in Modena … These were the De Stefanos. They committed petty fraud for four cows, … then with cigarettes."
Rise to power.
Tripodo was a traditional 'Ndrangheta boss who opposed to new developments in the organisation as well as the formation of the Santa, a secret society within the 'Ndrangheta established in the early 1970s to maximize the power and invisibility of the most important bosses. The members were eager to modify the traditional rules of the 'Ndrangheta in order to enter the public work market and start illegal activities such as drug trafficking, which were prohibited by the traditional code but promised to be very profitable. Through the membership of covert Masonic lodges the 'Ndrangheta bosses were able to contact law enforcement authorities, judges and politicians that were necessary to access to public work contracts.
The De Stefanos, however, were more modern and the differences led to conflicts. Paolo De Stefano became a member of La Santa and the De Stefanos won a monopoly of construction work in northern Reggio Calabria, moving the rival Tripodo group out of the market of public work contracts with the support of the Piromalli and Mammolito 'ndrine. They also robbed a shipment of smuggled tobacco belonging to Tripodo.
First 'Ndrangheta war.
These innovations and the institution of La Santa were opposed by the more traditionalist chiefs like Tripodo and Antonio Macrì. Only at the end of the so-called first 'Ndrangheta war, which took place in 1974-76 and led to the deaths of Macrì and Tripodo as well as the rise of the Piromalli 'ndrina and the De Stefano brothers as the new leaders of the Reggio Calabria 'ndrine, was the new institution fully recognized.
The war started with an attack on the brothers Giorgio, Paolo and Giovanni De Stefano in the Roof Garden bar in Reggio Calabria in November 1974 ordered by Tripodo. Giovanni was killed while the eldest of the brothers – and the boss of the clan – Giorgio was wounded. Tripodo was arrested in February 1975 and incarcerated in the Poggioreale prison in Naples. He was killed with the help of Camorra boss Raffaele Cutolo, the boss of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO) who worked with the De Stefano’s in drug trafficking.
Political connections.
The De Stefano brothers had connections with the political right in all its political expressions – that is, from the official party, the Movimento Sociale Italiano (MSI), up to the extra-parliamentary movements – and actively supported them in the organisation of the revolt that took place in Reggio Calabria in 1970 against making Catanzaro the regional capital. He also supported prince Junio Valerio Borghese and his plans for a neo-fascist coup. The so-called Golpe Borghese fizzled out in the night of December 8, 1970, however.
The De Stefanos entered in a Masonic lodge in order to better take care of business and political interests. The lawyer Giorgio De Stefano, a cousin of the boss Paolo, was elected for the Christian Democrat party (DC - Democrazia Cristiana) in the city council of Reggio Calabria for many years, and Paolo Romeo, a member of Parliament for the Italian Social Democratic Party ("Partito Socialista Democratico Italiano", PSDI) for several legislatures. They were also close to Lodovico Ligato, a Christan Democrat politician from Reggio Calabria and the former head of the Italian State Railways. He was killed by rival 'Ndrangheta groups in August 1989 in a dispute about bribes over public contracts.
Business interests.
When in 1974 businesses involved in the expansion of the port and steelworks in Gioia Tauro offered a three per cent kickback to be left in peace the three leading 'Ndrangheta families at the time, Antonio Macrì, the Piromalli brothers and the De Stefano brothers rejected the offer and wanted to be sub-contracted on work carried in order to control the project.
The 'Ndrangheta exploited the construction of the steelworks until the project was abandoned when the government decided there was no economic base for it. In 1977 disagreements about business interests emerged between Piromalli and the De Stefano clan. A hit squad headed by Giuseppe "Peppe" Piromalli killed Giorgio De Stefano. Some 1,000 people were killed in clan wars over the construction contracts.
Paolo took over the leadership of the clan. In the 1980s, the De Stefano brothers controlled virtually the entire wholesale meat market of Reggio Calabria. They forced butchers and supermarkets, through intimidation and threats, to buy meat from their companies.
Second 'Ndrangheta war.
A second 'Ndrangheta war was triggered by the marriage between Giuseppina Condello – the sister of the Condello brothers, underbosses of De Stefano – and Antonio Imerti, the leader of a neighbouring '"ndrina" in Villa San Giovanni. The conflict exploded in 1985, two years after the marriage and saw practically all the 'ndrine in the city of Reggio Calabria grouped into either one of two opposing factions. De Stefano had become fearful of the new alliance that might challenge his power base. A failed attempt on Antonio Imerti triggered the murder of Paolo De Stefano on October 13, 1985.
The De Stefano clan prepared itself for the fight through another marriage, between Orazio De Stefano, Paolo's younger brother, and Antonietta Benestare, niece of the old boss Giovanni Tegano. Celebrated on December 2, 1985, the wedding sealed the alliance between the de Stefanos and the powerful Tegano clan. The bloody six-year war between the Condello-Imerti clan and De Stefano allied with the Tegano clan left 621 deaths.
According to the sociologist Pino Arlacchi, the background of the war was the attempt of the De Stefano brothers to turn their accumulated wealth and power to account by claiming contracts for the Gioia Tauro port. The resulting clash with the Piromalli 'ndrina, whose monopoly this was, half destroyed the De Stefano cosca and left the clan leader, Paolo De Stefano, dead.
Succession.
Paolo’s brother Orazio De Stefano and his cousin, the lawyer Giorgio De Stefano, took over the leadership of the clan. Both were seen as the main mentor of the “pax mafiosa” that ended the Second 'Ndrangheta war. The different clans divvied up the different extortion rackets over commercial activities in Reggio Calabria and managed to keep the peace among each other. The lawyer Giorgio De Stefano, considered to be the brainpower of the clan, was arrested on July 1, 1996. He maintained contacts with mafiosi from Sicily and Campania, in particular Leoluca Bagarella, Raffaele Cutolo, and Nitto Santapaola. From his law office in Rome, he also had contacts with the Banda della Magliana.
Orazio was arrested on February 22, 2004. Subsequently, Paolo’s son Giuseppe De Stefano became the boss. He was arrested in December 2008. His brother Carmine De Stefano had been arrested in December 2001. The next in line was Paolo Rosario De Stefano, a son of Giorgio. He was arrested on August 18, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20831918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831918" title="Spirit safe">
Spirit safe

A spirit safe is a large, padlocked, glass walled, usually brass bound container found at Scotch whisky distilleries which allows the distiller to analyse and manage the spirit coming out of the pot still without coming into contact with the spirit itself. 
History.
The origins of the spirit safe date back to 1823 when a change in the duty laws allowed small Highland distilleries to compete fairly with the much larger Lowland distilleries. The change brought a number of distillers who had previously operated illegally within the law. 
These laws were rigorously enforced and one of the main ways of enforcement was the spirit safe which prevented anyone siphoning off the new make spirit to avoid paying duty on it at the point in the whisky-making process it was most vulnerable, just as the spirit came out the stills before the quantity had been measured. 
This is why spirit safes carry large, obvious padlocks, and why all the manipulation and measurement takes place behind its glass panels, using controls on the front of the spirit safe. Until 1983 only the local officer from the Customs and Excise, who measured how much spirit was produced, had access to the keys for the safe. 
Since then the keys have been held by the distillery manager as well as Customs and Excise to ensure compliance by analysing the returns from a range of distilleries.
The first liquid to emerge from the spirit condenser as the spirit still is heated is the undesirable foreshots, and these are directed from the spirit safe to the low wines and feints receiver for re-distillation. But gradually the undesirable methyl alcohol content reduces and what emerges is the spirit that will end up as whisky. The distiller has to judge the right moment to redirect the flow of product to the spirit receiver instead of the low wines receiver. This is when the alcohol content, measured by a hydrometer in the spirit safe, falls to 75%, or when the emerging spirit no longer turns water cloudy, another test conducted remotely inside the spirit safe.
The alcohol content of the emerging liquid continues gradually to fall during the run. When it reaches a point between 70% and 60% alcohol by volume, again as measured by a hydrometer within the spirit safe, the flow is switched away from the spirit receiver and back to the low wines and feints receiver, again for re-distillation. The precise point at which this switch takes place depends on the character of the whisky being produced, but for a particular whisky this will always happen at the same point in the run.

</doc>
<doc id="20831925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831925" title="Josh Hall (yachtsman)">
Josh Hall (yachtsman)

Josh Hall was a British yachstman.
Career.
Hall competed in the 2000/01 Vendee Globe.

</doc>
<doc id="20831938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831938" title="Red Gunkel">
Red Gunkel

Woodward William "Red" Gunkel (April 15, 1894 – April 19, 1954) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched one game for the Cleveland Indians during the 1916 Cleveland Indians season. He attended the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20831940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831940" title="St. Catherine of Siena Parish, Wilmington, Delaware">
St. Catherine of Siena Parish, Wilmington, Delaware

Saint Catherine of Siena Parish is located in Wilmington, Delaware. It has a Roman Catholic church located on Centerville Road with over 1100 families. The original church was founded in the 1960s by the surrounding Catholic community. A new church was recently built in 1993 and the original church foundation is now the St. Catherine gymnasium. Many of the original founders and their families are still present. New arriving families include Mexican families. Certain masses are available in Spanish.
The Saint Catherine of Siena Elementary School graduated its last class in 2011 before closing and merging into the All Saints Catholic School along with St. Matthew's Elementary school in Wilmington and Corpus Christi Elementary school in Elsmere. The school building is now owned by the government and is used for space for a charter school. Four hundred children attend the religious education/Christian formation weekly. The St. Catherine high school youth and middle school youth groups stay active and do work-camps in the summer. For those families speaking Spanish, there is a bilingual program.

</doc>
<doc id="20831967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831967" title="Open Seguros Bolívar">
Open Seguros Bolívar

The Open Seguros Bolívar is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually in Bogotá, Colombia, since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20831973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831973" title="Seguros Bolivar Open">
Seguros Bolivar Open

Seguros Bolivar Open may refer to the following professional tennis tournaments on the ATP Challenger Tour:

</doc>
<doc id="20831976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831976" title="Bon Aire">
Bon Aire

Bon Aire is a historic home located near Shipman, Nelson County, Virginia. It is a Federal-style brick dwelling dramatically sited on a hill overlooking the James River. It was built about 1812 in a three-part scheme; with a two-story center section flanked by -story, two-bay wings. In plan and detail Bon Aire is linked to a number of tripartite houses, such as nearby Point of Honor in Lynchburg, Virginia, built for a cousin of Bon Aire's builder, Dr. George Cabell.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20831985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20831985" title="Red Howell">
Red Howell

Murray Donald Howell (January 29, 1909 – October 1, 1950), nicknamed "Porky", was a Major League Baseball player who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Indians for 11 games as a pinch hitter during the 1941 Cleveland Indians season.
Career.
Howell began his sports career as a minor league outfielder and batter, spending his early time with the Carrollton Frogs, before being purchased by team owner Frank Walker for the Greenville Spinners of South Carolina. He spent the 1929 and 1930 seasons with the Spinners, before moving on to other minor league endeavors, ultimately culminating in a stint on the Baltimore Orioles team, before reaching major league status with the Cleveland Indians for the 1941 season. Howell returned to the minors following his season with the Indians, serving on such teams as the Knoxville Smokies, the Jersey City Giants, and ending his career with the Atlanta Crackers.
He appeared at the plate only eleven times at the Major League level. He had two singles and four walks in his career, and struck out twice.
Personal life.
Howell was married to Mary Stephens, and the two had two sons, Timothy and Don.

</doc>
<doc id="20832008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832008" title="Greg Boll">
Greg Boll

Greg Boll (born June 27, 1961) is a former American politician and member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (DFL Party). Boll was, somewhat unintentionally, one of the key players in the DFL Party’s “firestorm” that swept through southwestern Minnesota in the mid-1980s at the height of the Midwestern Farm Crisis. The party’s onslaught led to an unprecedented take-over of nearly all the legislative seats in southwestern Minnesota in the 1986 elections. 
Dubbed the DFL’s “hatchet man” by Minnesota Republicans, Boll actively engaged the media to hammer away at the Republicans over what he maintained were their failed policies in rural America, using the farm crisis as the basis for his attacks. He also supported the somewhat militant Groundswell movement in its quest to bring political and social change on behalf of the region’s farmers. Utilizing a steady stream of scathing editorials and letters-to-the-editor in over thirty area newspapers, he made the case for change over the course of five election cycles, helping the DFL experience unprecedented success in the traditionally Republican small towns and rural communities of the region.
Youth and early activism in Southern Minnesota.
According to some who knew him, Boll had a bit of a “bad boy” reputation early on—a reputation he later channeled successfully into brash, no-nonsense political change. Growing up in Minnesota and Wisconsin, his conservative religious background and schooling at a Lutheran college in New Ulm served as the contrasting catalyst for the more liberal views he displayed once he became active in the Democratic Party.
While in college, Boll worked with Rudy Perpich’s 1982 gubernatorial campaign and with Mark Dayton’s bid for the U.S. Senate against incumbent Senator Dave Durenberger. Briefly managing a state senate campaign in the New Ulm area for former New Ulm mayor and state representative Tony Eckstein, he later moved to Worthington, where he worked as administrator and later chief of a security agency and became active in the community as a church youth leader and a member of several local boards. He quickly gained the attention of area Democrats through his editorials in the region's newspapers.
Implementing the DFL "Firestorm" of 1986.
Touted as bringing a younger voice to the DFL, Boll quickly rose through the ranks to become a party leader and “whiz kid” of sorts. In 1985 he was named to fill a vacancy as party secretary for the old 2nd Congressional District, a sprawling 31-county area. He was subsequently elected to the position four times. In that role, he helped promote candidates for the congressional seat held by Republican Vin Weber—among them Dave Johnson, Todd Lundquist and, later, David Minge. The following year he was asked by the Minnesota House and Senate DFL caucuses to be their point man for finding and recruiting candidates to run for the various legislative seats in the area.
For his own legislative district, Boll quickly allied with Jim Vickerman, a Murray County commissioner and farmer, whom he pushed to run for the state senate in District 28 (which became District 22 after the 1992 legislative redistricting) against incumbent Senator Doran Isackson. At the time, the large district included all or portions of Brown, Cottonwood, Jackson, Martin, Murray, Nobles, Redwood and Watonwan counties. Taking on the role of manager of the campaign, he proceeded to carve out a detailed strategy and format that quickly became a model for other legislative campaign structures in Greater Minnesota.
Boll’s campaign management style was similar to his personal approach in taking on the Republicans, relying significantly on an all-out “blitz” that consisted of constant visibility and development of name recognition in the news media, on the radio, in signage, in literature and in billboards through “branding” of the Vickerman name. He also implemented multiple literature drops to and door-knocking of every home in the district, and generated a steady flow of press releases on issues relevant to local residents that were distributed to area media outlets. Multiple fundraisers, or “bean feeds,” as they were often called, were held in each county in the district, as were driving tours during which the candidate would randomly stop in the “Main Street” cafes and downtown businesses of the various communities around the district to visit with residents. The campaign also actively linked with other DFL campaigns to promote a unified wall of new voices for the region. The strategy worked in spades, with DFL candidates, including Vickerman, solidly trouncing their opponents in nearly every legislative district in southwestern Minnesota in what came to be called the DFL “firestorm” of 1986.
Okabena Towers incident.
A recollection of the 1986 campaigns in southwestern Minnesota merits comment on a bizarre incident that took place the evening before election day. Wrapping up the campaign on November 3, Boll, Jim Vickerman and several campaign workers hung literature for DFL candidates on the doors of the residents of the Okabena Towers, a high rise housing complex for seniors in Worthington. After finishing the top floors of the building, one of the campaign workers walked back through one of the lower floors and noticed that all the DFL literature was missing from the doors and, in their place, were brochures for Senator Doran Isackson, Vickerman's opponent. The worker found Boll, Vickerman and the manager of the building and advised them. They walked back through the upper floors and came upon Isackson removing the DFL literature from the doors, putting it in a folder and replacing it with his own. Boll approached and confronted Isackson, who then ran down one of the side stairwells of the building, with Boll and others in pursuit. When he reached the main floor, Isackson exited the building, ran toward and got into his vehicle. Boll ran to the driver’s side of the vehicle and asked Isackson to roll down the window so he could speak with him. Isackson locked the doors, started the vehicle and rapidly drove it in reverse down the street.
In the meantime, the building manager contacted the local police. Isackson was stopped for speeding on the way out of town, but the officer, unaware of the call in to the police at that point, warned and released him. An officer came to the Okabena Towers, took statements from Boll, Vickerman, the campaign workers and the building manager. Isackson was subsequently contacted by the police at his home in Storden and advised that the matter would be turned over to the local prosecutor. In the meantime, Vickerman requested that the matter be kept quiet until after the election so as not to be a factor in the outcome.
News of the occurrence soon broke in the media and drew attention throughout the state. Isackson was subsequently charged with theft, but the prosecutor agreed to dismiss the charges provided he would write an apology letter to area residents, to be printed in newspapers throughout the district. Once printed, Isackson’s letter proved to be a rambling diatribe that expressed his sense of frustration and feeling of being overwhelmed by the intensity of the campaign that Boll, Vickerman and other Democrats had waged against him, stating that, no matter where he turned, all he heard or read about was how bad his voting record was, and how he had failed the district as a senator. This sentiment was echoed, albeit less openly, by other defeated Republicans in the region.
Party leadership.
In 1987, Boll ran for party chair of the legislative district, facing opposition from area farmer and political activist Andrew Olson, a staunch supporter of the somewhat radical activist Lyndon LaRouche, founder of the LaRouche movement. Boll won the race handily and was subsequently re-elected to the post three times. He also became active at the state level as a member of the Minnesota DFL’s central and executive committees.
In 1988, Boll allied early on with U.S. Senator Paul Simon in his bid for the presidency, serving as state coordinator for the campaign and arranging for visits by the senator to Minnesota and South Dakota, including a stop in Boll’s home town of Worthington. He also made the rounds on Simon’s behalf, appearing on TV stations in Sioux Falls and Omaha. When Simon later withdrew from the race as Massachusetts’ governor Michael Dukakis took the forefront, he set his sights on other goals, serving several years on the Minnesota Commission on the Bicentennial of the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights, to which he was appointed by Governor Perpich, and on the Minnesota General Crime Advisory Council, to which he was appointed by Corrections Commissioner Orville Pung.
Boll ran for party secretary of the Minnesota DFL in 1989, but was defeated by party activist Rick Stafford, who went on to become the state party chair just two years later. Boll’s pro-life stance on abortion, his support of capital punishment, and his opposition to the more liberal ideology of Twin Cities’ Democrats rankled urban party leaders and ensured his defeat.
Move to the Twin Cities and post-activism.
In 1993, Boll moved to the Twin Cities to continue his work with a real estate and property management company that specialized in student and market rate housing. He briefly served as a party officer for the 4th Congressional District DFL, which encompasses Saint Paul and the surrounding suburbs.
Having previously supported former U.S. Attorney Tom Berg in his bid for the DFL’s endorsement for the U.S. Senate against Paul Wellstone, Boll again allied with Berg in his bid for the party’s endorsement for the U.S. Senate against Ann Wynia in 1994, and was named 2nd Congressional District Coordinator for the campaign. When Berg withdrew from the race after Wynia won the endorsement, he laid low and never endorsed Wynia. He turned his energies briefly to involvement with several Minneapolis organizations that promoted social change and helped homeless and troubled inner city youth.
Health problems plagued Boll in the mid 1990s, culminating in his hospitalization for several weeks in 1997. While he subsequently recovered, he abruptly disappeared from the Minnesota political scene around that time and has not been involved since. He is believed to still live in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="20832021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832021" title="Tomb of Balban">
Tomb of Balban

The Tomb of Ghiyas ud din Balban is located in Mehrauli, New Delhi, India. Built in ca 1287 CE, in rubble masonry, the tomb is a building of historical importance in the development of Indo-Islamic architecture, as it was here that first true arch made its appearance in India, and according to many first true dome as well, which however hasn't survived, making "Alai Darwaza" built in 1311 CE, in the nearby Qutb complex, the earliest surviving true dome in India. Ghiyas ud din Balban (1200–1287) was a Turkic ruler of the Delhi Sultanate during the rule of Mamluk dynasty of Delhi (or Slave dynasty) from 1266 to 1287. The tomb of Balban was discovered in the mid-twentieth century.
Overview.
It is an imposing stone and masonry building, though lacking the splendid ornamentation to be seen in the tomb of his master, Iltutmish. The tomb is surrounded by the ruins of an extensive late-medieval settlement and it offers, from certain angles, a remarkable view of the Qutub Minar. To the east of Balban's tomb, lies a ruined rectangular structure said to be the grave of Khan Shahid, Balban's son, whose original name was Muhammad, who died fighting against the Mongols near Multan in 1285.

</doc>
<doc id="20832028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832028" title="The MacDonald Brothers (album)">
The MacDonald Brothers (album)

The MacDonald Brothers is a self-titled album by Scottish band The MacDonald Brothers. It was recorded in 2007 and released on 2 April 2007. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 18 with first week sales of 11,596.
Background.
The band's self-titled debut album was released on 2 April 2007, around five months after the band had finished fourth place on the UK TV talent show, "The X Factor", with Leona Lewis finishing as the show's winner. The album was recorded from January 2007 until it was released in April 2007 under Simon Cowell's Syco Records and Sony Music Entertainment.
The album was recorded from approximately January until March 2007, and was released on April 2, 2007. The album was released through Syco Records along with Sony BMG.
Critical reception.
Commenting on in March 2007, HMV said: "After their success on the X Factor, the MacDonald Brothers release their debut eponymous album, a collection of feel good classic and Scottish/Celtic pop, along with two self-penned numbers. The album was produced by former Bay City Rollers star Stuart "Woody" Woods".

</doc>
<doc id="20832035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832035" title="Bellum Entertainment Group">
Bellum Entertainment Group

Bellum Entertainment Group (formerly "LongNeedle Entertainment") is a Burbank, California-based television production and distribution company that specializes in development, production and distribution of TV projects for broadcast, cable, digital and ancillary markets. Bellum Entertainment began creating E/I programs in 2004 with the release of "Animal Atlas". In 2012, Bellum launched three new nationally syndicated shows, "Unsealed: Alien Files", "Unsealed: Conspiracy Files", and "Now Eat This!" with Rocco DiSpirito, to accompany returning syndicated series Animal Atlas and On the Spot ­ all of which Bellum produces and distributes. The company has also partnered with ITV Studios and Raycom Media on America Now, a news and lifestyle syndicated strip hosted by Leeza Gibbons and Bill Rancic. Bellum has a rapidly expanding slate for fall 2013 national syndication, including new series "The Coolest Places on Earth", and other projects yet to be announced. Bellum is also developing multiple projects for first run cable.
Current TV productions.
"Animal Atlas".
"Animal Atlas" is produced by Longneedle Entertainment, LLC, a subsidiary of Bellum Entertainment Group. "Animal Atlas" is a 30-minute educational wildlife show that "takes children on a tour of discovery, uncovering the secrets of how animals live and thrive. Young viewers meet animals from the familiar to the astounding, and the domesticated to the wild, including the diverse creatures of the African savanna, the finned and flippered of the big deep, and the colorful cast of the equatorial rainforest". Atlas began in 2004 for its first season in national syndication and will be going on its tenth year of national syndication during the 2013-2014 season. As of January 2013, Bellum will have produced over 230 high definition episodes of "Animal Atlas" and fourteen home entertainment DVD titles about animals.
"On The Spot".
"On The Spot" [http://www.onthespotshow.com/] is a weekly syndicated trivia show that asks entertaining questions from different categories including people, sports, music, health, food, technology, history, science, arts and entertainment, and culture. The show first aired nationally on September 25, 2011. The first 13 episodes were hosted by Eric Schwartz and included man-on-the-street segments where everyday people were asked the trivia questions (and many got the answers wrong), which led to each question being answered and explained. Later episodes had only unseen narrator Pete Sepenuk.
"Unsealed Alien and Conspiracy Files".
"Unsealed Alien and Conspiracy Files" [http://www.unsealedfiles.com/] is a nationally syndicated program that debuted in September 2012. 
"Unsealed: Alien Files" is a 30 minute program that investigates recently released government documents regarding alien and UFO encounters, made accessible to the public in 2011 by the Freedom of Information Act. Each week, Unsealed: Alien Files tackles one compelling alien case by opening these previously off-limits secret files. Based on the newly discovered information the show re-examines key evidence and follows developing leads to investigate mass UFO sightings, personal abductions, government cover-ups and breaking alien news from around the world. "Unsealed: Alien Files" ... exposing the biggest secret on planet Earth.
"Unsealed: Conspiracy Files" also investigates the previously top-secret files made public by the Freedom of Information Act. Based on the new information discovered, the show re-examines faulty assumptions, searches for inconsistencies, and explores new leads, questioning popular beliefs and arming viewers with information to make their own decisions. "Unsealed: Conspiracy Files" ... welcome to the world of Conspiracy.
Family Style with Chef Jeff.
Family Style with Chef Jeff is a nationally syndicated show in the US beginning in Fall 2013. "Family Style" features Chef Jeff Henderson who demonstrates how good choices in the kitchen can lead to a life changing experience for the whole family. Chef Jeff Henderson is an award winning chef, best selling author, and prominent public speaker. 
"Now Eat This with Rocco DiSpirito".
"Now Eat This with Rocco DiSpirito" is a nationally syndicated program that debuted on September 15, 2012 starring celebrity chef Rocco DiSpirito. Each 30-minute episode focuses on an individual or family’s food issues and health: a couple struggling to lose weight; a mom trying to feed her budding athletes; a family trying to eat right on a tight budget; a dad fighting diabetes; or a family simply desiring to live a healthier life. Rocco then challenges families to commit to a healthier lifestyle by making over their diets with simple recipes that families can make at home. Rocco explains how people can eat what they love but still be healthier by cutting out processed ingredients, bad fats and empty calories. Rocco arms his guests with the recipes, ingredients and cooking skills necessary to maximize the value and flavor of their favorite meals. The program shares its title with Rocco's best selling cookbook series and New York based food truck.
"Zoo Clues".
"Zoo Clues" [http://bellumentertainment.wix.com/zooclues] is a 30 minute E/I program that tackles the animal kingdom’s most mind-blowing questions, like these: Can birds fly backwards? Are whales fish? Do dogs sweat? Questions and clues are presented, giving viewers a chance to guess the right answers. The investigation of the answers takes viewers on a fast-paced and entertaining tour of the animal kingdom.
"Coolest Places On Earth".
"Coolest Places on Earth" is a new nationally syndicated program set to release for the 2013-2014 season. "The Coolest Places on Earth" takes viewers on a journey of discovery to the most astonishing places on the planet – cities, festivals, landmarks and jaw-dropping works of nature – exploring each location’s history and culture, learning why it deserves to be called one of the coolest places on earth.
Previously produced shows.
"Safari Tracks".
"Safari Tracks" is a 30-minute educational wildlife show focusing on African wildlife, comprising 52 episodes and produced in standard definition. Hosted by Benjamin Brown, Safari Tracks takes viewers on an African safari each episode- focusing on African wildlife and the magnificent and mysterious world of these animals, all in their natural habitat. "Safari Tracks" currently airs on Bounce TV, Trinity Broadcasting Network, and international markets.
"Wildlife Jams".
Wildlife Jams is a half-hour E/I television program focusing on how animals behave and promotes awareness and responsibility toward wildlife issues. Each episode takes viewers on an exciting journey through the animal kingdom to discover how animals behave and thrive in their native habitats, all to the soundtrack of critically acclaimed jazz musicians.
Distribution.
Bellum's programs are syndicated nationally in the United States and air in all top 25 distribution markets. In 2012, "Animal Atlas" and "On The Spot" was broadcast to over 80% of US households. "Animal Atlas" also airs in high definition on the VOOM HD Network, in Spanish on Telefutura, and in many languages internationally.
In December 2008, LongNeedle and educational digital content distributor Kidthing teamed up to offer select episodes of "Animal Atlas" in kidthing's store for download.
Home entertainment.
In September 2008, LongNeedle partnered with home entertainment distributor NCircle Entertainment to release "Animal Atlas" on DVD and distribute the show online. The first DVD, "Animal Passport", was released on December 23, 2008.[http://www.ncircleentertainment.com/animal-atlas-animal-passport/843501005507] Bellum now has a collection of fourteen home entertainment titles including "Puppy Party, Animal ABC's, Animal Atlas Family Time, Kitten Party and Monkeying Around". The most recent release was "Pet Party" on October 16, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20832036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832036" title="Luke Glavenich">
Luke Glavenich

Luke Frank Glavenich (January 17, 1893 – May 22, 1935) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched for the Cleveland Naps for one game during the 1913 Cleveland Naps season. He attended Saint Mary's College of California.

</doc>
<doc id="20832041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832041" title="Jean-Baptiste Piron">
Jean-Baptiste Piron

Lieutenant General Jean-Baptiste Piron DSO (; Couvin, 10 April 1896 - Uccle, 4 September 1974) was the commander of the 1st Belgian Infantry Brigade, also known as the "Brigade Piron", which took part in the liberation of Western Europe during the Second World War.
Career.
After joining the army in 1914, he served in the 2nd Line Regiment until being hospitalised for appendicitis in October 1917. Temporarily unfit to serve in the infantry, he was transferred to the air service and became an aerial observer. By the end of the war in 1918, he had been promoted to the temporary rank of Captain (made official in 1933). In 1936 he was promoted to the rank of Major, becoming commander of the 1st Grenadier Regiment.
Second World War.
In April 1941, he fled the German occupation of Belgium via France, Spain and Gibraltar, and managed to reach Scotland in January 1942. The following year, he promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and put in command of the 1st Infantry Brigade (Brigade Piron) by Hubert Pierlot.
Post-war.
After the war he led the Belgian army of occupation in Germany. In 1947 he was promoted to Lieutenant-General in the Belgian army. From 1951 to 1957 he was chief of staff of the army and aide-de-camp to King Baudouin.

</doc>
<doc id="20832090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832090" title="ROUGE (metric)">
ROUGE (metric)

ROUGE, or Recall-Oriented Understudy for Gisting Evaluation, is a set of metrics and a software package used for evaluating automatic summarization and machine translation software in natural language processing. The metrics compare an automatically produced summary or translation against a reference or a set of references (human-produced) summary or translation.
Metrics.
The following five evaluation metrics are available.
ROUGE can be downloaded from berouge download link.

</doc>
<doc id="20832091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832091" title="Hank Willis Thomas">
Hank Willis Thomas

Hank Willis Thomas (b. March 17, 1976 in Plainfield, NJ) is a contemporary African-American visual artist and photographer whose primary interests are race, advertising and popular culture.
Education.
Hank Thomas received an MFA from California College of the Arts, as well as in Visual Criticism. He also received a BFA from NYU Tisch School of the Arts in Photography and Africana Studies.
Career.
Hank Thomas is the winner of the first ever Aperture West Book Prize for his monograph "Pitch Blackness" (November, 2008). His work has been featured in other publications including "Reflections in Black" (Norton, 2000), and the exhibitions along with accompanying publications "25 under 25: Up-and-Coming American Photographers" (CDS, 2003), and "30 Americans" (RFC, 2008).
He has exhibited in galleries and museums throughout the U.S. and abroad, including Galerie Anne De Villepoix in Paris; the Goodman Gallery in Johannesburg; P.S.1 Museum in Queens; the Studio Museum in Harlem; Yerba Buena Center for the Arts; San Francisco; Wadsworth Atheneum, Hartford, Connecticut; Roberts & Tilton gallery in Culver City, California; The Gantt Center in Charlotte, North Carolina; The Bronx Museum, Bronx, New York; Jamaica Center for Arts and Learning, Jamaica, New York; Artists Space, New York; Leica Gallery, New York; Texas Woman’s University; Oakland Museum of California; Smithsonian; Anacostia Museum, Washington, D.C.; Bronfman Center for Jewish Life at NYU; National Museum of American History, Washington, D.C.; and National Portrait Gallery, Washington, D.C., High Museum, Atlanta, and Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, among others.
Thomas’ work is in numerous public collections including The Whitney Museum of
American Art, the Nasher Museum of Art at Duke University, the Brooklyn Museum, the High Museum of Art in Atlanta and the Museum of Fine Art in Houston. His collaborative projects have been featured at the Sundance Film Festival and installed publicly at the Oakland International Airport, The
Oakland Museum of California and the University of California, San Francisco. Recent
exhibitions include Dress Codes: The International Center for Photography’s Triennial
of Photography and Video, Greater New York at P.S. 1/MoMa, Contact Toronto Photography Festival and Houston Fotofest.
Thomas explores the representation of the African-American male body in visual culture in his "B(r)anded Series."
Thomas has acted as a visiting professor at CCA and in the MFA programs at Maryland
Institute College of Art and ICP/Bard and has lectured at Yale University, Princeton
University, the Birmingham Museum of Art and the Musée du Quai Branly in Paris.
He received a new media fellowship through the Tribeca Film Institute and was an
artist in residence at Johns Hopkins University. He is currently a DuBois Institute Fellow at Harvard University.
Thomas is represented by Jack Shainman Gallery in New York.
Parents.
Thomas's mother, Deborah Willis, Ph.D., is an art photographer and an NYU professor. She was a 2005 Guggenheim Fellow and a 2000 MacArthur Fellow and one of the nation's leading historians of African-American photography and curator of African-American culture. His father, also Hank Thomas, is a jazz musician, film producer, real estate developer and stock broker.

</doc>
<doc id="20832092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832092" title="Edgewood (Wingina, Virginia)">
Edgewood (Wingina, Virginia)

Edgewood is a historic farm complex located at Wingina, Nelson County, Virginia. Structures located on the property document its evolution as a plantation and farm since the late-18th century. It includes the main house ruins, a house built about 1790 and destroyed by fire in 1955; the circa 1820 Tucker Cottage; an 18th-century dovecote, dairy, and smokehouse; an 1828 icehouse; an early 19th-century corncrib; and a mid-19th-century barn or granary. Also on the property are a circa 1940’s tenant house (now a woodworking shop) and machine shed, a family cemetery, and an original well. The structures are all located along the gravel driveway.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20832110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832110" title="Rudolph Santobello">
Rudolph Santobello

Rudolph Santobello (born 1928- May 2013) is a New York mobster who serves as a caporegime in the Genovese crime family.
On July 21, 1950, Santobello and Joseph Corbo murdered Alfred Loreto, an off-duty New York Police Department officer, during an attempted kidnapping of another individual in the Bronx section of New York. Apprehended at the crime scene, Santobello later testified that police brought him to the police station and interrogated him all night. Santobello also claimed that police hit him on the head with their guns and dazed him with a blow on the nose with a billy club. In June, 1951, Santobello was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison.
In 1966, a U.S. Supreme Court decision on illegal searches by police resulted in Santobello's sentence being reversed and his release from prison. In 1968, detective and whistleblower Frank Serpico arrested Santobello in the South Bronx for numbers running. Santobello was later sentenced to one year in prison, but was freed early due to another court decision on plea bargains. In later years, Santobello supervised a crew from his headquarters at "Club Arthur's', a social club on Arthur Avenue in the Bronx. From 1991 on, Santobello was heavily involved in loansharking, illegal gambling in the form of craps games, bookmaking, and numbers running.
On October 24, 1994, Santobello was convicted on ten counts of gambling and was sentenced on March 27, 1995 to 78 months in prison. Relaxed and joking during the trial, Santorello pleaded with the judge for leniency at the sentencing hearing, citing his family ties:
Santobello also claimed that the police had a vendetta against him because of his reversed 1950 murder conviction. On June 12, 2000, Santobello was released from federal prison. In May 2013, Santobello died of natural causes.
In popular culture.
The 1993 Sidney Lumet film "Serpico" dramatized the Santobello arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="20832117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832117" title="New Irish Hymns 3">
New Irish Hymns 3

New Irish Hymns 3: Incarnation is the third in a series of themed albums created and produced by Keith Getty. This album features vocalists Margaret Becker, Joanne Hogg, and Kristyn Getty performing songs by Keith Getty and others (as indicated below). Margaret Becker and Joanne Hogg performed on the first New Irish Hymns CD with Moya Brennan; all three singers on this CD also performed on New Irish Hymns 2: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit and New Irish Hymns 4: Hymns for the Life of the Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20832156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832156" title="Compagnie Tunisienne de Navigation">
Compagnie Tunisienne de Navigation

The Compagnie tunisienne de navigation (CTN or COTUNAV) is a Tunisian shipping line, providing regular passenger ferry connections between Tunisia and the ports of Marseille and Genoa, as well as freight transport to Barcelona and Livorno. 
Founded on 7 March 1959, it initially concentrated on the development of regular shipping links between Tunisia and its principal trading partners, essentially serving only Marseille and Rouen. However, with the drive to diversify Tunisian overseas trade, it rapidly expanded its route network to encompass ports in Italy, Spain, Germany and the Benelux countries.
In the 1970s CTN expanded its presence in the transport of crude oil, petroleum products and foodstuffs. With the commissioning in 1978 of the ferry "Habib", providing service between Tunis, Marseille and Genoa, it also increased its involvement in passenger transport. CTN expanded its fleet by buying the bulk carriers "Moularès" and "S’hib" in 1976–77 and "El-Kef" in 1982.
Moving to roll-on/roll-off service, CTN turned to the renewal of its fleet, taking delivery of "El-Jem" and "Tozeur" in 1977, and of "Bizerte" and "Kairouan" in 1979. For the summers of 1990, 1991 and 1992 CTN also chartered the turbo-electric ship "Carlo R" from the Sicilian company Alimar.
Forced to re-evaluate its activities in the light of recent changes in the maritime world, CTN has gradually sold its older ships in order to refocus attention on its core businesses. It is gradually renewing its fleet with the commissioning of two large ro-ro ships of 18,000 tons: "Ulysse" and "Salammbô 7". In June 1999, the line’s new Norwegian-built ferry "Carthage" came into service. Capable of accommodating 2,208 passengers and 666 cars, and with a speed of , it makes weekly crossings between Tunis and Marseille and Tunis and Genoa.
Fleet.
CTN operate a fleet of eight vessels consisting of three RORO passenger ferries, four ROPAX ferries and one bulk carrier.

</doc>
<doc id="20832170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832170" title="Jonathan Sterns">
Jonathan Sterns

Jonathan Sterns (April 19, 1751 – May 23, 1798) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1793 to 1798.
He was born in Massachusetts, the son of David Sterns and Ruth Hubbard, and was educated at Harvard University. Sterns married Mehitable Robie in 1785. He married Elizabeth Taylor after his first wife's death. He served as solicitor general from 1797 to 1798. Sterns died in office in Halifax at the age of 47.

</doc>
<doc id="20832180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832180" title="Crni Biseri">
Crni Biseri

Crni Biseri (Serbian Cyrillic: Црни Бисери, trans. "The Black Pearls") was a Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band, notable as one of the pioneers of the former Yugoslav rock scene.
History.
1963 - 1980.
The band was formed in 1963 in Belgrade, and was named after Toma Janić's film "Crni biseri" ("Black Pearls") which dealt with juvenile delinquency. The band consisted of Goran Vukićević (acoustic guitar, keyboards, accordion and harmonica), Dragan "Krcko" Jovanović (drums) and Božović brothers, Ivan (guitar) and Slavko (saxophone). In the beginning, the band performed without a bass guitarist, but were soon joined by the bassist and singer Vladimir Janković, also known as "Vlada Džet", who got his nickname ("Džet" being a transliteration for "Jet") after The Shadows bass guitarist Jet Harris. The band was soon joined by the singer Radan Valčić. This lineup of the band performed until the Autumn of 1965, when they moved to rhythm and blues and started performing in the following lineup: Goran Vukićević (guitar), Vlada Džet (bass guitar, vocals), Zoran Petković (rhythm guitar), Radan Valčić (vocals) and Dragan "Krcko" Jovanović (drums).
Crni Biseri released their debut EP in April 1966, featuring Vlada Džet's song "Ne odlazi", which was the result of the band's desire to be one of the first former Yugoslav bands to record their own songs instead of cover versions. The B-side featured a cover of Manfred Mann's "Pretty Flamingo", with lyrics in Serbian language entitled "Lepi flamingo". The band won the first place on second Gitarijada festival held at the Belgrade Sajmište (not to be confused with Gitarijada festival held in Zaječar). At the time Jovanović left the band and was replaced by Jovan "Kića" Ljubisavljević (later a Vlada Džet Band member). In 1968, Valčić left the band and was replaced by a former Duka & Čavke frontman Nenad Dukić. Dukić was a band member for only three months, and provided vocals for three cover songs released on the band's second EP (the fourth song, "Nisam više taj" was previously recorded with Valčić). After Dukić's departure, Valčić returned to the band and remained the band's frontman until 1970, when he was replaced by the former Juniori vocalist Dragan Baletić. During 1973, the band made a break in their work due to Džet's and Baletić's army obligations.
After Vlada Džet's and Baletić's return from the army, the band continued their activity without Petković. For a certain time the keyboardist Dragan Batalo performed with the band, but was soon replaced by the keyboardist and singer Dragan Rajičević (a former Juniori member). In October 1976, Ljubisavljević left the band due to his army obligations and was replaced by a former Plavi Dečaci, Duka & Čavke, Džentlmeni, YU grupa, Opus and Dah member Velibor "Boka" Bogdanović. Having released their only full-length studio album, "Motorok", and the single "Ti si uvek htela sve", Dragan Baletić left the band and was replaced by a former Op Cup member Branislav "Cile" Živančević. In 1977. the band recorded a single featuring the songs "Hush Hush Maria" and "Night In Casablanca" under the name Denis. Three years later, on January 1, 1980, Crni Biseri officially disbanded.
Reunion.
In 1997, the band reunited with vocalists Dragan Baletić and Branislav Živančević in order to perform in the club Crna Maca in Zemun. The following year, the compilation album "Crni Biseri" was released, featuring previously unreleased songs "Mesto pod suncem", which is the band's first studio recording, "Moja draga", "Kamena vizija", "Hey girl".
Theatre and film activities.
Crni Biseri appeared in Žika Pavlović's film "Kad budem mrtav i beo" and in Stole Janković's film "The Girl in the Park". They wrote songs for the plays of the Belgrade Drama Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20832218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832218" title="River Valley Conference (Illinois)">
River Valley Conference (Illinois)

The River Valley Conference is a high school sports Conference in northeastern Illinois, United States. The conference is part of the Illinois High School Association. The conference started around 1940 as the Kankakee Valley Conference, making up schools from the Kankakee County area. The conference had split into two divisions (Kan-Will and Will-Ro-Kee) in 1953 to make football scheduling more manageable, but maintained the conference in basketball and other sports. With the Iroquois and Vermilion Valley conferences folding, the KVC took on some of their members, prompting the change to its current name. The biggest shift since then occurred in 2006, as its larger schools left to join schools with similar membership, leaving the RVC as a rural, smaller school conference.
Membership.
Former.
"Note: records before 1948-49 are incomplete. Some teams may have played in the conference before the date recorded, other schools may have played in the conference's early years."

</doc>
<doc id="20832220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832220" title="Kingston Fossil Plant coal fly ash slurry spill">
Kingston Fossil Plant coal fly ash slurry spill

The TVA Kingston Fossil Plant coal fly ash slurry spill occurred just before 1 a.m. on Monday December 22, 2008, when an ash dike ruptured at an solid waste containment area at the Tennessee Valley Authority's Kingston Fossil Plant in Roane County, Tennessee, USA. of coal fly ash slurry was released. The coal-fired power plant, located across the Clinch River from the city of Kingston, uses ponds to dewater the fly ash, a byproduct of coal combustion, which is then stored in wet form in dredge cells. The slurry (a mixture of fly ash and water) traveled across the Emory River and its Swan Pond embayment, on to the opposite shore, covering up to of the surrounding land, damaging homes and flowing up and down stream in nearby waterways such as the Emory River and Clinch River (tributaries of the Tennessee River). It was the largest fly ash release in United States history.
Details.
The TVA and Environmental Protection Agency initially estimated that the spill released 1.7 million cubic yards (1.3 million m³) of sludge, which is gray in color. After an aerial survey, the official estimate was more than tripled to 5.4 million cubic yards (4 million m³) on December 25, 2008. The spill covered surrounding land with up to six feet (1.8 m) of sludge. The EPA first estimated that the spill would take four to six weeks to clean up; however, Chandra Taylor, the staff attorney for the Southern Environmental Law Center, said the cleanup could take months and possibly years. As of June 2009, six months following the spill, only 3% of the spill had been cleaned and is now estimated to cost between $675 and $975 million to clean, according to the TVA.
The unlined aboveground ash fill, which was situated above the ash pond and above the Emory River winter level, above sea level, contained a watery slurry of fly ash generated by the burning of finely ground coal at the steam power plant. Fly ash is the fine particulate pollutants produced by the combustion of coal, which are collected rather than allowing them to escape into the atmosphere, then mixed with water so they can be pumped into the retaining pond. Once the particulate matter settles out, it is dredged to drying cells. The dredge cell was surrounded by tall earthen walls, which had twice developed leaks since 2002. Although the land surrounding the power plant is largely rural rather than residential, the spill caused a mudflow wave of water and ash that covered 12 homes, pushing one entirely off its foundation, rendering three uninhabitable, and caused some damage to 42 residential properties. It also washed out a road, ruptured a major gas line, obstructed a rail line, downed trees, broke a water main, and destroyed power lines. Though 22 residences were evacuated, nobody was reported to be injured or in need of hospitalization. It was the largest coal-related slurry spill in United States history, more than three times the size of the Martin County sludge spill of 2000, which spilled of liquid coal waste. The of sludge were enough to fill 1,660 Olympic-size swimming pools, and the volume released was about 101 times larger than the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill (1.1 billion/10.9 million=100.9). On December 23, 2008, a TVA spokesman, Gil Francis Jr., stated that, at the time of the spill, the area contained about 2.6 million cubic yards (2.2 million m³) of ash, and that two-thirds of that had been released, which would later be found to cover an area of . "The New York Times" noted that the amount spilled is larger than the amount stated to have been in the pond before the spill, a discrepancy the TVA was unable to explain. The containment area affected was one of three; the other two stayed intact, while only the retaining wall for the solid waste containment area was affected.
The spill killed a "tremendous" number of fish, according to the Chattanooga Times Free Press. Although residents feared water contamination, early tests of water six miles (10 km) upstream of the ash flow showed that the public water supply met drinking water standards. A test of river water near the spill showed elevated levels of lead and thallium, and "barely detectable" levels of mercury and arsenic. On January 1, 2009 the first independent test results, conducted at the Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry laboratories at Appalachian State University, showed significantly elevated levels of toxic metals (including arsenic, copper, barium, cadmium, chromium, lead, mercury, nickel, and thallium) in samples of slurry and river water.
The Kingston Fossil Plant received a total of of rain between December 1 and December 22, plus on November 29 and 30. This rain combined with temperatures were identified by TVA as factors that contributed to the failure of the earthen embankment. An October 2008 inspection report had identified a "minor leak" in the faulty wall, but the report was not finalized. Local residents said that the spill was not a unique occurrence; the 1960s-era pond had been observed leaking, and being repaired, nearly every year since 2001. A TVA news release confirmed that there had been two prior cases of seepage, in 2003 and 2006.
Response.
TVA spokesman Gil Francis Jr. said that the TVA was "taking steps to stabilize runoff from this incident." In response to a video that showed dead fish on the Clinch River, which had received runoff from the spill, he stated "in terms of toxicity, until an analysis comes in, you can't call it toxic." He continued by saying that "it does have some heavy metals within it, but it's not toxic or anything." Chandra Taylor, an attorney with the Southern Environmental Law Center, called this statement irresponsible, and stated that coal fly ash contains concentrated amounts of mercury, arsenic, and benzene. She added, "These things are naturally occurring, but they concentrate in the burning process and the residual is more toxic than it starts." Nevertheless, due to pressure exerted in 2000 by utilities, the coal industry, and Clinton administration officials, fly ash is not strictly regulated as a toxic pollutant by the EPA. Residents and environmental groups expressed concern that the fly ash slurry could become more dangerous once it dries out, but have as yet received no information about this from the TVA. On January 1, 2009, the TVA disseminated a fact sheet stating that the ash is "not hazardous."
Meanwhile, the EPA and Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation awaited the results of soil and water testing to judge their response, while the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency indicated that barriers would be constructed to stop the ash from reaching the Tennessee River. By early on December 24, 2008, a flyover by "The New York Times" did note repair work being done on the nearby railroad, which had been obstructed when of sludge covered tracks. By the afternoon of that day, dump trucks were being used to deposit rock into the Clinch River to prevent the further downstream contamination. The TVA had also slowed river flow, for the same purpose. The slurry that was cleared from Swan Pond Road was brought back to one of the plant's intact containment ponds. By December 30, 2008, the TVA had announced it was requesting the assistance of the Army Corps of Engineers to dredge the ash-filled Emory River to restore navigation. On January 1, 2009 the TVA announced that rather than attempting to clear away all the slurry, they would be spraying seed, straw, and mulch on top of much of it, "to combat dust and erosion".
Lisa Evans, an attorney for the environmental group Earthjustice (headquartered in Oakland, CA), spoke out against the government, accusing them of lax regulations on the issue. She also blamed the industry for ineffective safeguards, citing other similar cases. She stated that "The saddest thing is this is entirely avoidable. These people in these communities don't have to be in harm's way. This is not some complicated problem like nuclear waste. This is something the utilities know how to do." Thomas J. FitzGerald, the director of the environmental group Kentucky Resources Council and an expert on coal waste, told "The New York Times" that the ash should have been buried in lined landfills to prevent toxins leaching into the soil and groundwater (as recommended in a 2006 EPA report), and stated that "I find it difficult to comprehend that the State of Tennessee would have approved that as a permanent disposal site." Tennessee governor Phil Bredesen, on-site the week of the spill, acknowledged that the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation, which regulates coal disposal, may have relied too much on TVA’s own inspections and engineering studies about the ash ponds and dredge cells.“Believe me, there will be a full-bore look at this to understand the causes of this thing and to try to make sure it never happens again,” he said. Concern has also been expressed by environmental groups and local residents that no warnings were issued to residents living in the area about the potential dangers of the site. The site may be slated as a Superfund site, although no decision regarding this has yet been made. On December 27, 2008 the TVA issued a list of precautions to residents, but did not provide information about specific levels of toxic materials in the ash, although Stephen Smith of the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy and Chris Irwin of United Mountain Defense told "The Tennessean" newspaper that they believe the TVA knows what is in it, due to the TVA having tested it prior to the spill. The TVA released an inventory of the plant's byproducts on December 29, 2008; it included arsenic, lead, barium, chromium, and manganese. Because the pond contained decades worth of ash from coal of several different types, it is believed that the area of the spill may contain "hot spots" of higher toxicity.
In response to independent attempts at sampling of the water quality and the taking of photos, the TVA illegally detained, for approximately one hour, two members of the Knoxville, Tennessee-based environmental organization United Mountain Defense who were traversing public land in the area of the spill, and cited three other individuals, warning them that any attempt to enter the public waterway again would lead to prosecution.
TVA president Tom Kilgore said that, in light of the spill, the Authority would consider switching the Kingston plant over to "dry" byproduct methods, which would reduce the chances of another spill. Five TVA-operated plants use this method, while Kingston and another five use a "wet" process. The power plant continues to operate, with waste being sent to one of the two remaining intact containment ponds.
On December 26, 2008 the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation stated that it was satisfied with the water quality in the wake of the spill but that it will continue to examine and deal with the potential for chronic health effects. Tennessee governor Phil Bredesen toured the spill site on December 31, 2008. The U.S. Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, which oversees the TVA, held a hearing on January 8 to examine the disaster. The environmental activist Erin Brockovich was invited to Tennessee to survey the disaster site, and announced plans to visit during the second week of January 2009.
At her Senate confirmation hearing on January 14, 2009, Lisa P. Jackson, Barack Obama's choice to head the EPA under his administration, stated her intention to immediately review coal ash disposal sites across the country. Also on January 14, 2009, Nick J. Rahall, a U.S. Representative from West Virginia and the chairman of the United States House Committee on Natural Resources, introduced a bill to regulate coal ash disposal sites across the United States.
Legal actions.
On December 23, 2008 the environmental group Greenpeace asked for a criminal investigation into the incident, focusing on whether the TVA could have prevented the spill. On December 30, 2008 a group of landowners filed suit against the TVA for $165 million in Tennessee state court. Also on December 30, 2008 the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy announced its intention to sue the TVA under the federal Clean Water Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act.
"On February 4, 2009, EPA, pursuant to Executive Order 12088, and TDEC issued a letter to TVA in which EPA provided notice to TVA that EPA considers the release to be an unpermitted discharge of a pollutant in contravention of the Clean Water Act."
On May 11, 2009 "TVA and the federal Environmental Protection Agency announced today an EPA Order and Agreement that documents the relationship between TVA and EPA in managing the clean-up of the Kingston ash spill and further ensures that TVA will meet all federal and state environmental requirements in restoring affected areas."
The primary objective of the time critical phase of the EPA Order was to expedite the removal of ash from the Emory River. The ash resided in the Emory River subject to significant migration in heavy storms. Over 3.5 million cubic yards were removed in a 12 month period with 85% being removed in a 10 month time frame. The time critical phase accelerated the removal of ash from the river by 75% over original expectations and safely transported it to a permanent, lined and leachate collecting facility in Perry County, Alabama called Arrowhead landfill. Arrowhead landfill is located on a thick layer of Selma chalk. Significant benefits were derived by the receiving community in both jobs and county improvements. The once closed Emory River was reopened in late spring 2010 and has been reopened for full community use with only minor wake zone restrictions. Drinking water continues to remain safe for consumption and air quality associated with the site continues to meet federal standards. The time critical phase removed 90% of the ash located in the Emory River leaving about 500,000K cubic yards of material which will be addressed in the next phase of the clean-up. A more comprehensive report of the actions was finalized in March 2011 and can be found at EPA OSC Report for the Time Critical Removal Action 
In August 2010, the non time critical phase began removing ash from the remaining, more contained embayment and began preparations for closing out the failed dredge cell with an earthquake proof subsurface wall and cap. In addition, the non time critical phase is conducting ecological evaluations concerning the remaining risks of the ash in the river.
Mode and mechanism.
According to the AECOM report commissioned by TVA and released June 25, 2009, failure occurred due to a variety of causes, primarily due to liquefaction of layers of "slimes" and other water-saturated materials deep within the growing ash pile. Collapse occurred over the course of approximately one hour in consecutive waves of breaking away and sliding.
Plant and spill location.
The Kingston Fossil Plant is located on a peninsula at the junction of the Emory River (to the north) and Clinch River (to the south and east), just over upstream from the latter's mouth along the Tennessee River. Watts Bar Dam, located along the Tennessee downstream from the mouth of the Clinch, impounds a reservoir (Watts Bar Lake) that spans a stretch of the Tennessee (to Fort Loudoun Dam), the lower of the Clinch (to Melton Hill Dam), and the lower of the Emory. The plant, originally known as the Kingston Steam Plant, was built in the early 1950s primarily to provide electricity to atomic energy installations at nearby Oak Ridge.
The plant's ash pond disposal area is located immediately north of the plant along the peninsula's Emory River shore. The ponds were originally created by diking off part of the lake at the Emory's confluence with Swan Pond Creek, which flows down from Harriman (just over the ridge to the northwest). The disposal area consists of the main ash pond (where ash is initially dumped), which is flanked on the southeast by a stilling pond (where water from the main pond is placed to further separate it from the ash) and on the northwest by "dredge cells," where ash from the main pond is placed to further solidify. The dike breach occurred at the northwest corner of the dredge cell area, overlooking the Swan Pond Creek spillway.

</doc>
<doc id="20832230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832230" title="Salmannsdorf">
Salmannsdorf

Salmannsdorf is today a part of Döbling, the 19th district of Vienna.
Salmannsdorf was an independent municipality until 1892, when it was incorporated into the Währing district of the city of Vienna. However, in 1938, Salmannsdorf was re-assigned together with Neustift am Walde to the district of Döbling.
Salmannsdorf lies along the western border of Sievering. It is one of the 10 municipalities in the district of Döbling.
Geography.
Salmannsdorf is located in the northwest of Vienna and is part of the district of Döbling. Salmannsdorf lies on the southern slope of Dreimarkstein hill, in the valley of the Krottenbach stream. The "Katastralgemeinde" stretches across an area of 66.05 hectares. The region is part of the statistical census-district of Salmannsdorf-Glanzing. In the south, Salmannsdorf borders on Neustift am Walde; in the east, on Obersievering. The border in the west divides it from Neuwaldegg; in the north lies the Dreimarkstein hill, with the border to Hinterweidling in Lower Austria.
History.
The origin of the name Salmannsdorf.
Salmannsdorf was first mentioned in 1279 as "Salmanstorf". The name derives either from the personal name "Salman" or the professional title "Salmann" (a trustee or clerk).
Salmannsdorf in modern times.
Salmannsdorf’s location suggests that it was a planned settlement. Over time, it developed into a village typical of the area, with several streets and an economy and lifestyle that revolved around viticulture. In 1680, there were already 30 houses in Salmannsdorf, but the village’s development was stunted by the terrible devastation of the second siege of Vienna. In 1683, Salmannsdorf was completely destroyed. Two major outbreaks of fire did further damage in the ensuing years. The village had just 18 houses when the plague struck in 1713, killing 74 of the 118 inhabitants. 120 years later, Salmannsdorf had still barely exceeded its former size.
Salmannsdorf first began to grow around the middle of the 19th century, when, like its neighbour Neustift am Walde, it profited from tourists attracted by its fine summer weather. Salmannsdorf was not overly popular with Vienna’s wealthy families, but regular visitors between 1829 and 1832 included the family of Johann Strauß the Elder. A plaque at number 13 in the Dreimarksteingasse celebrates the fact that Johann Strauß the Elder wrote his first waltz here. In 1890, there were 312 people living in 94 houses in Salmannsdorf.
In 1892, Salmannsdorf, along with the surrounding suburbs of Neustift am Walde, Währing, Weinhaus, Gersthof and Pötzleinsdorf was integrated into Vienna as the district of Währing. In a reorganisation of the district boundaries in 1938, Salmannsdorf and Neustift am Walde were assigned to the 19th district, Döbling.
Economy.
The distribution of available land at the start of the 19th century makes clear the importance of both forests and vineyards for the local economy. In 1826, woods occupied two thirds of the land, which belonged to the Klosterneuburg Monastery. Pasture occupied 15 percent, while vineyards made up another seven percent. There were no notable orchids or fields. The inhabitants lived first and foremost from the sale of wine and dairy products. When the dairy industry declined in the 19th century, wine remained as the primary source of income, and to this day wine is sold in local Heurige.
Rail, road and bus links.
Originally, there was a wagon train that passed through Neustift to Salmannsdorf, with varying destinations in the city over the years. For financial reasons, the operation of this transport link also changed hands several times, even though it was the only such connection to receive subventions from the City of Vienna. In 1908, the Wiener Linien introduced a trolleybus operating the "Mercédès-Électrique-Stoll" system from Pötzleinsdorf via Neustift am Walde to Salmannsdorf. This was one of the longest-serving routes using this system and it was only replaced in 1938 by an omnibus with the route number 23. The route was however cancelled the following year.
In 1928, a bus running along the Krottenbachstraße to Neustift and Salmannsdorf was introduced (from 1935 the number 20). Because this route took it past factories that were necessary for the war effort, this was the last bus route in Vienna that was still running in World War II. In 1942, preparations were made to introduce trolleybuses, which happened in 1946, but in 1958, motor-powered buses were re-introduced. From 1945 to 1961, this was the route number 22; thereafter and until 1972, it bore the number 39A, and since then, it has been the number 35A. This bus runs from the Spittelau station along the Krottenbachstraße via Neustift am Walde to its final destination in Salmannsdorf.

</doc>
<doc id="20832233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832233" title="Stuart Butler">
Stuart Butler

Stuart Butler (born 1947 in Shropshire, England) is the Director of the Center for Policy Innovation at The Heritage Foundation, a conservative think-tank in Washington, D.C. He is a health care analyst and commentator, and he has also written extensively about urban policy and welfare, credited with introducing the idea of urban enterprise zones to the United States. Butler is an adjunct professor at the Georgetown Public Policy Institute.
Early life and education.
Butler was raised in Shropshire, England and emigrated to the United States in 1975. He holds bachelor’s degrees in physics and mathematics, a master’s degree in economics and a doctorate in American economic history from the University of St. Andrews in Scotland.
Career.
Butler joined The Heritage Foundation in 1979 as a policy analyst specializing in health care and urban issues. After visiting tenements in the South Bronx and Washington, D.C. to discuss with residents how best to address problems with public housing, Butler published a paper for Heritage that introduced the idea Urban Enterprise Zones in the United States. The idea caught the attention of many politicians, including Jack Kemp and later the Reagan Administration. By the mid-1990s more than 30 states and the District of Columbia had instituted enterprise zones in depressed urban areas.
During the 1980s, Butler wrote three books for Heritage: "Enterprise Zones: Greenlining the Inner Cities" (1981), "Privatizing Federal Spending" (1985), and "Out of the Poverty Trap" (1987), co-authored with Anna Kondratas. In 1989, Butler also co-authored "A National Health System for America" with Edmund Haislmaier.
Butler has played a prominent role in the debate over health care reform, arguing for market-based solutions to high numbers of uninsured individuals and high health care costs. Heritage and Butler formulated an alternative proposal to President Bill Clinton’s 1993 plan to overhaul health care. Michael Kinsley, then editor of "The New Republic", called the Heritage proposal "the simplest, most promising, and in an important way, the most progressive idea for health care reform". In 1999, "The National Journal" named Butler as one of 12 "key players" in Washington in the health care debate.
In the fall of 2002, Butler was a fellow for one semester at the Harvard Institute of Politics. Butler also received the George Washington Honor Medal for his work on urban policy and the Valley Forge Honor Certificate from the Freedoms Foundation at Valley Forge for a book on privatization.
Starting in 2005, Butler was a major participant in the Fiscal Wake-Up Tour - a group traveling the country to build public support for reforming Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security. Other experts involved in the tour include U.S. Comptroller General David Walker and analysts from the Brookings Institution and the Concord Coalition. The tour continued up to September 2010.
Butler became director of the Center for Policy Innovation at The Heritage Foundation in August 2010. He is the co-author of a plan designed to balance the budget within 10 years called "Saving the American Dream: Heritage’s Plan to Fix the Debt, Cut Spending, and Restore Prosperity", which was released by Heritage in May 2011, one of six plans put forward by research organizations to address the U.S. financial crisis.
Personal life.
Butler became a U.S. citizen in 1996. He and his wife reside in Washington, D.C. His brother is Eamonn Butler.

</doc>
<doc id="20832234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832234" title="Mintunes">
Mintunes

Mintunes is an EP by Portland-based New Zealand band The Mint Chicks. Released as a free download on Christmas 2008, it contained "8-bit" versions of two previously released songs as well as 4 would appear on the Mint Chicks' upcoming album Screens.

</doc>
<doc id="20832250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832250" title="Combat Zone">
Combat Zone

Combat Zone is a location of military or other combat, but the term may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20832259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832259" title="John William Schwartz">
John William Schwartz

John William Schwartz (1755 – after 1802) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Lunenburg County in the Legislative Assembly from 1785 to 1799.
He was baptized in November 1755, the son of Otto William Schwartz and Annie Justine Liebrich. In 1787, Schwartz married Anne Pedley. He was named a magistrate for Halifax County in 1802.

</doc>
<doc id="20832288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832288" title="North Meath RFC">
North Meath RFC

North Meath RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Kells, County Meath. They play in the Leinster League Div. 2 & The Provincial Towns 2nd's Cup. They won The 2nd Towns cup in 2008. The club colours are black and yellow. 

</doc>
<doc id="20832290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832290" title="Lundgren and Maurer">
Lundgren and Maurer

Lundgren & Maurer was an Austin, Texas architecture firm active from 1950 until 1973. The firm was composed of principals Leonard J. Lundgren and Edward J. Maurer. 
In 1954 the firm won an American Institute of Architects (AIA) merit award for the Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity House in Austin, Texas.
Job files, photographs, and personal papers of Lundgren and Maurer are included in the architectural archives of the Austin History Center. Materials in the collection cover Lundgren and Maurer's work from the period 1961 through 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20832300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832300" title="Christmas Eve (disambiguation)">
Christmas Eve (disambiguation)

Christmas Eve, which occurs on December 24, is the night before Christmas.
Christmas Eve may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20832306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832306" title="Elk Hill (Nellysford, Virginia)">
Elk Hill (Nellysford, Virginia)

Elk Hill is a historic home and farm complex located at Nellysford, Nelson County, Virginia. It is one of the earliest extant farms in Nelson County. The rural farm bounded in part by the South Fork of the Rockfish River and Reid’s Creek The main house is a substantial two-story, three-bay wide frame dwelling with a central hall plan, with the original portion built between 1790 and 1810. The house underwent a series of 19th-century additions and a major remodeling in 1902 in the neoclassical style. The contributing outbuildings include: smokehouse, built in the last quarter of the 18th century; tobacco barn, built circa 1790-1810; 19th century chicken house, two seat outhouse, and double crib barn; garages built in 1902 and in 1955; and a stone boundary/retaining wall, built in the last quarter of the 18th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20832309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832309" title="DiaGrid (distributed computing network)">
DiaGrid (distributed computing network)

DiaGrid is a large, multicampus distributed research computing network utilizing the Condor system and centered at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. In 2012, it included nearly 43,000 processors representing 301 teraflops of computing power. DiaGrid received a Campus Technology Innovators Award from Campus Technology magazine and an IDG InfoWorld 100 Award in 2009 and was employed at the SC09 supercomputing conference in Portland, Ore., to capture nearly 150 days of compute time for science jobs.
Partners.
DiaGrid is a partnership with Purdue, Indiana University, Indiana State University, the University of Notre Dame, the University of Louisville, the University of Nebraska, the University of Wisconsin, Purdue's Calumet and North Central campuses, and Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne. It is designed to accommodate computers at other campuses as new members join. The Purdue portion of the pool, named BoilerGrid, is the largest academic system of its kind.
Management.
DiaGrid is managed by Information Technology at Purdue (ITaP), the central information technology organization at Purdue's West Lafayette campus, and ITaP's research computing unit the Rosen Center for Advanced Computing, which also operates the Steele, Coates, Rossmann, Hansen and Carter cluster supercomputers. 
Condor.
Through Condor, developed at the University of Wisconsin, DiaGrid harvests and manages computing cycles from idle or underused high-performance computing cluster nodes, servers, machines in campus computer and other labs, and office computers. Whenever a local user or scheduled job needs a given machine, the Condor job is stopped and automatically sent to another Condor node as soon as possible. While this "opportunistic" model limits the ability to do parallel processing and communications, a Condor pool can provide smaller, serial jobs vast numbers of cycles in a very short amount of time. Condor—and by extension, DiaGrid—is designed for high-throughput computing and is excellent for parameter sweeps, Monte Carlo simulation, or nearly any serial application. Some classes of parallel jobs (master-worker) may be run effectively via Condor as well.
Networking.
To pool computational resources spread around Indiana and the Midwest, DiaGrid takes advantage of I-Light, the high-speed fiber-optic state network connecting Indiana campuses to each other, the Internet and national research networks such as the Internet2 and National LambdaRail. DiaGrid provides computational resources to researchers on both the Open Science Grid and the U.S. National Science Foundation's XSEDE system (formerly TeraGrid).
Uses.
DiaGrid and BoilerGrid have been used by researchers at Purdue and elsewhere for a variety of purposes, such as imaging the structure of viruses at near-atomic resolutions, simulating the early stages of the Solar System's formation, projecting the reliability of Indiana's electrical supply, modeling the spread of water pollutants, discerning the structure of protein molecules and identifying millions of potential new forms of zeolites, silicate minerals widely used to catalyze chemical reactions on an industrial scale. DiaGrid also is being used to develop data processing techniques for the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope. Purdue added a Web-based portal for BLAST processing with DiaGrid in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20832310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832310" title="The Officers Club">
The Officers Club

The Officers Club is a menswear retailer based in the United Kingdom.
History.
The company was founded in the 1990s in Sunderland, Tyne & Wear, and latterly had its headquarters in Cramlington, Northumberland. There were over 150 stores across the country at the firm's peak. After a number of buy-outs it become one of the biggest retail companies in the UK with flagship stores in London's Oxford Street, Cardiff, Scotland and north-east England. The company also sources clothes from Asia.
Until 2004, the company ran a "70% off everything" promotion within its Officers Club branded stores. The promotion ceased after successful legal action by the Office of Fair Trading—which had issued proceedings against the company and Charlton in June 2002—which had evidence to suggest the supposed "original price" of garments was not genuine.
Administration.
2008 administration and sale.
In December 2008 the company entered administration, and on 23 December The Officers Club's administrators PricewaterhouseCoopers decided to close 32 of the 150 stores immediately. PricewaterhouseCoopers also announced that 118 stores had been sold to TimeC 1215 limited for an undisclosed fee. TimeC 1215 is backed by David Charlton, chief executive of The Officers Club. This deal saved around 900 jobs.
2011 administration and sale.
By 2011 the Officers Club had just over 100 stores, with total of around 800 staff employed across the business. On 29 March 2011 the company entered administration again. As part of this process 47 stores were sold to rival menswear retailer Blue Inc, with staff at these stores retaining their jobs. The "Petroleum" and the officers club menswear brand, owned by Officers Club, will be retained by Blue Inc in the interim.

</doc>
<doc id="20832311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832311" title="Audi Performance and Racing">
Audi Performance and Racing

APR LLC is an automotive engineering and motor racing company based in Opelika, Alabama. APR mainly deals with Audi, Porsche and Volkswagen Group brands - Volkswagen, Škoda, and SEAT. Primarily APR is a research and development company that writes proprietary software for reading and writing to a Bosch Motronic Engine control unit for the purpose of engine tuning. APR also produces performance hardware for the automotive industry. It was founded in the mid-1990s by Brett Augsburger and Stephen Hooks.

</doc>
<doc id="20832312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832312" title="Asian Men's Handball Championship">
Asian Men's Handball Championship

The Asian Handball Nations Championship is the official competition for senior national handball teams of Asia, and takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the Asian champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the World Championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="20832348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832348" title="Al-Khadra Mosque">
Al-Khadra Mosque

Al-Khadra Mosque (, transliteration: "Masjid al-Khadra", translation: "the Green Mosque") also known as Hizn Sidna Yaq'ub Mosque (trans. "Sadness of our Lord Jacob") is a mosque situated on the lower slopes of Mount Gerizim in the southwestern quarter of the Old City of Nablus in the West Bank. The mosque is rectangular in shape, and its minaret rises .
History.
According to Muslim tradition, the mosque is situated upon the site where Jacob wept after being shown Joseph's blood-soaked tunic which suggested that he had been mauled and killed; on the right of the courtyard is a small room said to be the place where Jacob sat down and wept. Hence the mosque's alternative name "Sadness of our Lord Jacob". According to Samaritan tradition, al-Khadra Mosque had been a synagogue destroyed by the Crusaders. They claim that its Arabic name "al-Khadra" ("the Green") derived from the Samaritan "Mahallat Khadra" ("the place of the Green"). Archaeologist Micheal Avi-Yonah identified the Khadra Mosque with the synagogue built by the Samaritan high priest Akbon in 362 CE.
The synagogue was rebuilt in 1137 by Ab Giluga, a Samaritan from Acre. Several Western scholars, however, believe, because of examples of Gothic architecture in portions of the present-day mosque, that in the 1170s, there stood a Crusader church and bell tower. Arab geographer Yaqut al-Hamawi records in 1225, while Nablus was under Ayyubid rule, the buildings was restored to become a Samaritan synagogue, which he referred to as "a large mosque" which the Samaritans venerated. It is probably from this era that the Samaritan inscriptions on a minaret wall were made. 
In 1242, however, the Knights Templars damaged the building, which was later destroyed in 1260 by the Mongols. It was transformed as a mosque in 1290 by the Mamluks during the reign of Sultan Qalawun as attested to by a foundation inscription. Most of the structure resembles Mamluk architecture and a "mihrab" was added to the mosque.
Second Intifada.
According to the Palestinian government and Gush Shalom, during the Second Intifada in the Battle of Nablus in 2002, Israeli bulldozers destroyed 85% of the mosque, including the Mamluk-era "mihrab". The current imam of al-Khadra Mosque, Maher Kharaz (the 'White Lion'), was removed from his position in a Palestinian Authority 'crack down' on militant imams in 1996, but was reinstated in 2006. Kharaz, a Hamas member and opponent of Fatah, regularly defied the Fatah-led Palestinian National Authority during his weekly Friday sermons. Kharaz was arrested on September 23, 2007 in another Fatah-led 'crack down' on Hamas.

</doc>
<doc id="20832355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832355" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Pike County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pike County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Pike County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Pike County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 26 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks and another is designated as a National Historic Site.

</doc>
<doc id="20832358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832358" title="Peruvian Brazilian">
Peruvian Brazilian

Peruvian Brazilian (Spanish: "Peruano-brasileño", Portuguese: "Peruano-brasileiro") is a Brazilian person of full, partial, or predominantly Peruvian ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="20832383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832383" title="Higher Ground (support group)">
Higher Ground (support group)

Higher Ground is a 501(c)3 non-profit based in Royal Oak, Michigan providing a support group for people living with HIV/AIDS in Metro Detroit and Southeast Michigan. The organization was founded by 2002 by Rick Henning, who received a "Spirit of Detroit Award" from the Detroit City Council in 2007, in part for his work on Higher Ground.
Support activities.
The organization offers many support services to persons living with HIV-AIDS. 
Monday Night Discussion.
This is the primary function of the organization. It opens with a guided meditation, afterward everyone is encouraged to participate in discussion and to assist each other in the resolution of personal challenges. Topics of discussion often include new diagnosis, status disclosure, friends/family/workplace, doctor relationships, medication choices, dating/relationships, economic/insurance conflicts and long term challenges.
Guest Speakers.
Featured almost monthly they coincide with a member potluck dinner. Previous speaker topics focused on the spiritual and physical aspect of life with HIV/AIDS and covering topics such as:
Annual Retreat.
Occurs each spring or fall, depending on schedules. Previous retreats were held at Kettunen Center in 2006, Double JJ Ranch in 2007, Ronora Lodge in 2008, and Retreat Center in 2009. Members participate in activities with others also living with HIV/AIDS and have previously included:
Annual Blanket Drive for AIDS.
Higher Ground members are encouraged to give back to the community. Blankets are collected during the Holiday season by Higher Ground volunteers. About two dozens agencies have benefited including:
Movie Night.
Periodic selections are based on applications to living with HIV-AIDS. Previous viewing among others have included:
Hatha Yoga.
Hatha Yoga practice is held on Thursday evenings for persons with HIV-AIDS.
Reiki.
Reiki practice is occasionally held in conjunction with the Monday night support meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="20832386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832386" title="Writers on Comic Scriptwriting">
Writers on Comic Scriptwriting

Writers on Comic Scriptwriting is book series containing interviews from top comic book writers about their writing techniques and principle works. "Volume 1" (ISBN 184023069X) was written by Mark Salisbury and "Volume 2" (ISBN 1840238089) was written by Andrew Kardon and Tom Root.
Interviewees.
Volume 1.
"Volume 1" contains interviews from:
Volume 2.
"Volume 2" contains interviews from:

</doc>
<doc id="20832392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832392" title="Southwest Suburban Conference">
Southwest Suburban Conference

The Southwest Suburban Conference is an athletic and competitive activity conference consisting of public secondary schools located in the south and southwest suburbs of Chicago, Illinois.
The conference was formed in 2005 when most of these schools split off from the South Inter-Conference Association (SICA). The division resulted in a lawsuit claiming that schools that were majority white in population were abandoning the schools which were majority black. The lawsuit was eventually settled and paved the way for the conference to expand.
History.
For 33 years prior to 2006, most of the public high schools in the south and southwest suburban Chicago area were a part of the "South Inter-Conference Association" (SICA) which by 2005 had reached a membership of 33 schools split into five divisions. The conference covered a large geographic area and sociological spectrum "from the Indiana border to Joliet, from impoverished Ford Heights to affluent Frankfort, from virtually all-black Hillcrest to almost all-white Lincoln-Way Central and from Joliet, enrollment 4,993, to 1,066- student Rich South" In 2004, the athletic directors voted 30–3, the principals' board of control voted 6–2, and the district superintendents voted 16–3 to approve a new conference realignment which was to take effect in 2006. The realignment had been pushed because of long travel times and a reduction of sports offerings at some schools. The realignment split the association into three roughly equal and geographically contiguous conferences, one of which, the southeast, contained most of the predominantly African–American schools (compared to one school in the remaining two conferences). It was from these schools that a majority of the votes against the realignment had come. Leaders from these schools demanded an investigation from the Office of the Illinois Attorney General, and petitioned the Illinois State Board of Education to investigate as to whether this action violated rules on equity.
In March 2005, ten schools announced that they were unilaterally leaving SICA to form a new conference, the Southwest Suburban Conference. These ten schools collectively were among the largest in student population. Shortly after the announcement, a board member from Lincoln-Way Community High School District, a district representing two of the schools leaving to form a new conference, was forced to resign after racially insensitive statements were left on a reporter's voice mail.
Shortly after this, eleven more schools split off to form the South Suburban Conference.
In April 2006, a federal civil rights lawsuit was filed against the schools which had left claiming that "(an) apartheid-like realignment used public funds to regress to separate but equal". The suit was settled out of court with the three schools of Thornton Township High Schools District 205 joining the Southwest Suburban Conference, and the two schools of Thornton Fractional Township High School District 215 joining the South Suburban Conference. The remaining six teams would remain known as SICA.
Sports.
The conference sponsors competition for young men and young women in basketball, bowling, cross country, golf, gymnastics, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field, volleyball, water polo. The conference also sponsors competition for young men in baseball, football, and wrestling; and for young women badminton, cheerleading, and softball.
State placers.
Since 2005, the following teams have finished in the top four of their respective IHSA sponsored state tournaments:

</doc>
<doc id="20832399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832399" title="Agrostis avenacea">
Agrostis avenacea

Agrostis avenacea is a species of grass known by the common names Pacific bent grass, New Zealand wind grass, fairy grass, or blown-grass. It is native to Australia, New Zealand, and other Pacific Islands including New Guinea and Easter Island.
Pacific bent grass is a tufted perennial grass growing up to 65 centimeters tall. The inflorescence is a panicle of wispy strands, each with several tiny, fuzzy spikelets at the end. The spikelets are two or three millimeters long.
In Australia it is a fire hazard, and interferes with trains.
"Agrostis avenacea" is known elsewhere as an introduced species and sometimes a noxious weed. It is particularly invasive in California, where it is a weed of sensitive vernal pool ecosystems around San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="20832419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832419" title="Confessions of a Teen Idol">
Confessions of a Teen Idol

Confessions of a Teen Idol is an American reality series that began airing on VH1 on January 4, 2009 and concluded on February 22, 2009. It ran for eight episodes. The series was hosted and produced by former teen idols Scott Baio and Jason Hervey. The show was filmed in the same house used to film "".
Synopsis.
The series chronicles the current careers of seven former teen idols and their attempts to get back into the limelight.

</doc>
<doc id="20832432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832432" title="CISFTA">
CISFTA

CISFTA is a free trade agreement signed on 18 October 2011 among 8 CIS member states: Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Moldova and Armenia. CIS countries have been negotiating an FTA agreement since the breakup of Soviet Union. Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan, although CIS members, did not sign this FTA agreement.
As of 2013, it has been ratified by Ukraine, Russia, Belarus, Moldova, and Armenia, and is in force only between those states.

</doc>
<doc id="20832437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832437" title="Tyler Reks">
Tyler Reks

Gabriel Allan Tuft (born November 1, 1978) is a retired American professional wrestler. He is best known for his tenure with WWE under the ring name Tyler Reks. He also competed in WWE's developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling, where he held the Florida Heavyweight Championship once and the Florida Tag Team Championship twice, once with Joe Hennig and once with Johnny Curtis.
Tuft is also known for being an entrepreneur. In 2007 he started a land development company called Xclusiv Development, LLC. He also started a personal training center with his wife, Priscilla Tuft, in San Clemente, CA called Xclusiv Fitness. In 2011, prior to retiring from WWE, Tuft founded an internet marketing company called Local Marketing 2.0. In 2013, Tuft was appointed to the Board of Directors for the Rock of Ages Festival in Calistoga, CA. Tuft's company is also a current member of the Rohnert Park Chamber of Commerce and the Santa Rosa Chamber of Commerce.
Early life.
Tuft attended the Santa Rosa Junior College in Santa Rosa, CA from 1996-1999 and then transferred to the California Polytechnic University in San Louis Obispo (Cal-Poly) in 2000. There he completed his coursework and obtained a degree in civil engineering with a major in hydrology and structural engineering.
After graduating, Tuft secured a job as an assistant engineer at PBS&J in Encinitas, CA. He was staffed at the City of Dana Point as an extension of staff and was in charge of the Public Works Permitting Department.
Professional wrestling career.
Training and independents (2007).
Tuft was trained by Mike Bell. He made his professional debut in February 2007 for Ultimate Pro Wrestling.
World Wrestling Entertainment / WWE.
Florida Championship Wrestling (2008–2010).
Tuft was signed to a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment in January 2008 and was assigned to the Florida Championship Wrestling territory as Tyler Reks. He made his FCW debut on February 5, 2008 with Johnny Curtis in a losing effort against Eric Perez and Eddie Colon.
A few days later on February 12 he made his singles FCW debut in a losing effort once again against "The South City Thriller" Hade Vansen. He participated in a FCW Florida Heavyweight Title Battle Royal which was won by Jack Hager. He also took part in FCW Florida Tag Team Title Tournament with Rycklon, during this tournament he had his first victory at FCW defeating Ted DiBiase, Jr. and Afa, Jr. in the first round, however the pair were to lose Eddie Colon and Eric Perez in the quarter finals. Tuft then had two chances at FCW Florida Heavyweight Championship against the current champion Jack Hager first in a one on one match and then in a triple threat match along with Johnny Curtis. On the August 28 he participated in FCW Florida Heavyweight Title No. 1 Contendership Fatal Four Way along with Johnny Curtis Tyrone Evans and Sheamus O'Shaunessy, who went onto win the match. Tuft then went on to have another two FCW Florida Heavyweight Championship shots against Sheamus O'Shaunessy and lost both times. On December 11, 2008, Tuft and Johnny Curtis defeated The New Hart Foundation (DH Smith and TJ Wilson) to win the Florida Tag Team Championship in Tampa, Florida. After numerous defenses and 139 days of holding the titles they lost them to Caylen Croft and Trent Barreta. Tuft won FCW Florida Heavyweight Title No. 1 Contendership match and on June 11, 2009, he captured the Florida Heavyweight Championship by defeating Drew McIntyre. He later lost the title to Heath Slater at the FCW television tapings on August 13. He later lost to Slater again during his rematch for the title. He lost to Joe Hennig in a FCW Florida Heavyweight Title No. 1 Contendership match and lost a FCW Florida Heavyweight Title No. 1 Contendership battle royal. He and Leo Kruger had a FCW Florida Tag Team Title match against Epico and but lost.
ECW (2009–2010).
He made his main roster debut on "ECW on Sci Fi" on the June 30, 2009 episode, with a surfer in-ring persona, in a backstage promo with Zack Ryder. Reks had suffered a knee injury just prior to his debut, but was able to work through it and made his in-ring debut on the July 2, 2009 episode of "WWE Superstars", losing to Ryder. On the July 21 episode of "ECW", Reks gained his first win after defeating Paul Burchill, and then beat him again the following week. Reks participated in a 10-man battle royal on the September 15 edition of "ECW" for an ECW Championship opportunity against Christian, but the match would go on to be won by Zack Ryder. Tuft would begin a brief hiatus from television starting in November 2009 and began mainly working dark matches and house shows for both Smackdown and Raw and FCW matches. Reks was one of the participants in the 26 man pre-show battle royal at WrestleMania XXVI.
SmackDown (2010–2011).
In late April 2010, Reks joined the SmackDown roster following ECW's closure. After months of only working dark matches, Reks made his "SmackDown" television debut as a heel on the October 15 edition of the program while sporting a beard, chest hair and new attire in addition to never referencing to his time on ECW. After a promo, he challenged and successfully defeated Kaval in a match for the latter's spot in the SmackDown Bragging Rights team. On the Raw before Bragging Rights, he participated in a SmackDown vs. RAW 30 Man Tag Team Battle Royal, in which Smackdown was victorious. At Bragging Rights, Reks was able to eliminate Santino Marella before being eliminated by Sheamus. However, Team SmackDown was successful in winning the Bragging Rights Cup for the second consecutive time. After this, Reks was placed in Alberto Del Rio's Survivor Series team and at the event. On the Smackdown before Survivor Series 2010 he competed in a Ten Man Tag Team Battle Royal but his team lost. At Survivor Series 2010 he was eliminated by Kofi Kingston as Team Del Rio went on to lose the match to Team Mysterio. Reks was then moved into a feud with Chris Masters, defeating him once on "SmackDown" and twice on "WWE Superstars".
On January 30, 2011, Reks made his Royal Rumble debut as he entered the match as the sixteenth entrant, but was eliminated from the match in only 34 seconds by CM Punk and the New Nexus. Reks was involved in another dark battle royal at Wrestlemania 27. Reks participated in and lost a World Heavyweight Title No. 1 Contendership 20 Man Battle Royal. His last in ring television performance for five months would be beating JTG on Superstars.
Teaming with Curt Hawkins (2011–2012).
On April 26, Reks was drafted to the Raw brand as part of the 2011 Supplemental Draft. After wrestling dark matches for a few months, Reks made his "Raw" debut in a backstage segment with Curt Hawkins, Wade Barrett and Alberto Del Rio. On the September 8 edition of "Superstars", Reks made his in-ring return as he teamed with Hawkins to defeat Titus O'Neil and Percy Watson. Hawkins and Reks then began appearing on the fifth season of NXT, by attacking the Usos from behind on the September 27 episode "NXT". Over the next two weeks on "NXT", Hawkins and Reks faced the Usos in tag team matches, with Hawkins and Reks winning the first match and the Usos winning the second match. Reks made his singles return on October 16 losing to Yoshi Tatsu. Reks participated in a World Heavyweight Championship number 1 contender 41 man battle royal and the "All I Want For Christmas Battle Royal" and was eliminated in both. Hawkins and Reks would lose to The Usos once again on December 6. Reks and Hawkins would then lose a non-title match to the tag team champions Air Boom on the December 22 episode of "Superstars". Hawkins and Reks would feud with the duo of Trent Barreta and Yoshi Tatsu from December 2011. Both teams would play pranks on each other, with Tatsu being locked in a closet and Reks' hands being superglued onto an Xbox controller. The feud ended when Hawkins and Reks defeated Barreta and Tatsu on the January 18 episode of "NXT".
Hawkins and Reks would then settle into the role of NXT's troublemakers, tormenting NXT host Matt Striker on his lacklustre career and how they should be main-eventing NXT, even once going to the extent of assaulting him after a match. This forced Striker to appoint William Regal as NXT's prime authority figure on the February 29 episode of "NXT". Regal would employ harsh measures to keep Hawkins and Reks in line, including threatening suspensions for bad behaviour and condemning them to janitorial duty, this caused them much frustration. On the March 21 episode of "NXT Redemption", Striker was knocked out with chloroform by Johnny Curtis and Maxine, and then Striker was kidnapped (kayfabe) by unknown persons, later revealed to be Hawkins and Reks, who intended to blackmail Maxine into using her charms to get Regal to leave them alone. Unfortunately for Hawkins and Reks, Striker was rescued by Derrick Bateman and Kaitlyn. On the April 18 episode of "NXT", the freed Striker confronted Hawkins and Reks about the kidnapping, and Hawkins admitted the crime. As punishment, Regal put Hawkins and Reks in a match against each other with Striker as referee and the loser of the match would be fired. Even though Reks won to supposedly save his job at the expense of Hawkins', Regal decided to fire Reks as well, sending the two troublemakers away from NXT.
However, Regal could not keep the duo away from NXT for long, as they managed to convince villainous higher authority figure John Laurinaitis to rehire them as NXT's security team on the May 9 episode of "NXT". Hawkins and Reks would then continue to play the role of Laurinaitis' lackeys, confiscating anti-Laurinaitis signs at Over the Limit and attacking John Cena on the May 21 episode of "Raw". Hawkins and Reks' association with Laurinaitis ended after Laurinaitis lost his job at No Way Out. On the final episode of the fifth season of "NXT" on June 13, Hawkins and Reks defeated Percy Watson and Derrick Bateman.
Hawkins and Reks would then engage in a one-sided feud with Ryback in July 2012. After both Hawkins and Reks lost singles matches to Ryback on "SmackDown", Ryback defeated both of them in a handicap match at Money in the Bank. At "Raw 1,000", Hawkins and Reks, along with Jinder Mahal, Drew McIntyre, Hunico and Camacho, attempted to ambush Kane to make a statement, but a returning Undertaker interrupted the attack and the Brothers of Destruction disposed of Hawkins and Reks. The duo would once again lose to Ryback on the August 6 episode of "Raw".
After being told by SmackDown General Manager Booker T to "step it up", Hawkins and Reks debuted a stripper gimmick on the August 17 episode of "SmackDown" while squashing a jobber tag team. A week later, Reks asked for his release as he intended to retire from wrestling to spend more time with his family; he and WWE parted ways on August 21, thus ending the team.
In other media.
Reks started a YouTube channel called TheRekkingCrew and created his first series called GET PWND which involved himself playing Halo Reach and "pwning" people over Xbox Live, he also started a contest where viewers would work out a code in order to enter his chat room and play Halo Reach with him.
Reks, together with Curt Hawkins, created an animated YouTube series called MidCard Mafia in 2011, that garnered over 54,000 views on YouTube in 3 days and trended worldwide on Twitter the night of its debut. Due to an oversight whereby Hawkins and Reks did not obtain permission from WWE management to launch the show, they cancelled the series and removed the uploaded shows.
Personal life.
Gabe Tuft has been married to his wife, Priscilla Tuft since July 2002. They have one daughter, Mia, who was born in November 2011.
After Tuft retired from WWE in 2012, he was asked to speak to a class of special education students at Montgomery High School in Santa Rosa. Tuft spoke about career options, the importance of having a life plan and following one’s heart not only professionally but in all matters.
In 2013, Tuft partnered with the Dream Factory to fulfill a wish of a young man who has dermatomyositis. Tuft and his wife worked closely with the Dream Factory as well as several local business in his community to allow Jonathon O’Malley to visit Tuft for a 3-day weekend, as his wish. The weekend included several activities including a trip to Great America, a free dinner from Guy Fieri at Johnny Garlic's, and private go kart racing at Driven Raceway in Rohnert Park. On September 20, 2013, Tuft announced that he had been asked to run for election as a California Senator. 

</doc>
<doc id="20832451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832451" title="Warumungu language">
Warumungu language

The Warumungu (or "Warramunga") language is spoken by about 500 of the Warumungu people in Australia's Northern Territory. It is an isolate within the Pama–Nyungan family.
The Warumungu had a highly developed sign language.

</doc>
<doc id="20832461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832461" title="Stephen Skinner (Canadian politician)">
Stephen Skinner (Canadian politician)

Stephen Skinner (1725 – October 27, 1808) was a judge and political figure in New Jersey and Nova Scotia. He represented Shelburne County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1793 to 1799.
He was born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey, the son of the Reverend William Skinner. He was a judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for Middlesex County, New Jersey from 1763 to 1774. Skinner was treasurer for New Jersey in 1763. He was named to the New Jersey Council in 1774. Skinner raised a loyalist company in New Jersey during the American Revolution. Skinner moved to Nova Scotia in 1783. He married Catherine Johnstone. He died in Shelburne.

</doc>
<doc id="20832475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832475" title="Counting Heads">
Counting Heads

Counting Heads is a science fiction novel by David Marusek, published in 2005 by Tor Books.
"Counting Heads" is an expansion of Marusek's 1995 short story "We Were Out of Our Minds with Joy", which serves as the first chapter of "Counting Heads" (with minor revisions from its original rendition as a short story).
"Mind Over Ship", a sequel to "Counting Heads", was released on January 20, 2009.
Analysis.
The extended story from "We Were Out of Our Minds with Joy", happening in 2092-4, occupies the first part of the novel. The other two parts are set 40 years later, in 2134.
Though the novel is a murder/espionage mystery, the main thrust is the evocation of a world in which the individual is essentially obsolete due to automation.

</doc>
<doc id="20832485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832485" title="Channa marulius">
Channa marulius

The bullseye snakehead or great snakehead ("Channa marulius") is a snakehead native to South Asia, but has been introduced to the United States. In South India, it is commonly found in reservoirs. It is found in Pechpparai, Chittar, Manimuthar, Bhvani and Mettur dams of Tamil Nadu and Thenmalai, Neyyar and Idukki dams of Kerala. "C. marlius" is commonly known as giant murrel. In Assam, it is locally known as "xaal". It is a faster-growing fish than most of the other species of the genus. It is a carnivorous species. It is marketed live and fetches high prices in the market. The flesh has high nutritive value and its flesh is said to have wound-healing effect and recuperative attributes. It is highly suitable for intensive culture due to its air-breathing habit. 
In Manipur, India, it is called as Porom. It is a popular local cuisine item. It is found in canals, rivers and lakes of the region. In Loktak lake, Bishnupur district, Manipur, it has become one of the top predatory fish due to acute decline of other predatory fish, Usually it is found in wild, but it is now farmed to meet the increasing demand in local market. 
It is an invasive species in the United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="20832488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832488" title="Montezuma (Norwood, Virginia)">
Montezuma (Norwood, Virginia)

Montezuma, also referred to as Spring Hill, is a historic home located near Norwood, Nelson County, Virginia. It was erected around 1790, and is a notable example of Piedmont Virginia Federal architecture. It has a two-story main block with a -story wing, laid in Flemish bond brick, with a Roman Revival dwarf portico. It is associated with the Cabell family, who settled in Nelson County in the second quarter of the 18th century. Because of his friendship with the Cabell family, the use of the Roman Doric order, certain exterior details and the floor plan, Thomas Jefferson is often associated with the design of the home.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20832496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832496" title="Texas Chainsaw Horns">
Texas Chainsaw Horns

The Texas Chainsaw Horns is a 12-member horn-based funk band from Washington, D.C..
History.
In the late 1990s, founder, drummer and band leader Bobby Fagel wanted to fill a void in the local Washington DC music scene. He wanted to assemble a powerful, talented funk band. He started with a solid core of musicians - veterans Jeffrey J. Watson (vocals), Scott "Big Daddy Love" Thorne (bass), Paul "Tony" Murtha (trumpet) and Ken "Superken" McGee (trumpet). In the basement of Fagel's Northern Virginia home, The Texas Chainsaw Horns were born.
Originally, The Texas Chainsaw Horns were known as "Hi-Octane and the Texas Chainsaw Horns". Hi-Octane was composed of the rhythm and vocal sections (Jeff Watson, vocals; Rena Ray, vocals; Josh Howell, percussion; Bobby Fagel, drums; Mickey Way, guitar; Scott Thorne, bass). The Texas Chainsaw Horns were the five horn players (Tony Murtha, trumpet; Ken McGee, trumpet; Steve Ticknor, baritone saxophone; Antonio Orta, tenor saxophone; Eli Gonzalez, tenor saxophone). Also of note is the fact that all five of the horn players are active members of The United States Army Band, also known as Pershing's Own, based at Ft. Myer in Arlington, Virginia.
Discography.
The Texas Chainsaw Horns released their debut CD, "Whiskey & Knives", on January 2, 2009. The CD tracks are as follows:
1. Whiskey & Knives<br>
2. Cheap Talk<br>
3. Whatchu Waitin' For?<br>
4. Tell Me<br>
5. Fortune Teller<br>
6. Find Somebody To Love<br>
7. It's In In The Walk<br>
8. Hallelujah (I'm Goin' Home)<br>
9. I Don't Have To Tell You<br>
10. Get There
Their second CD, "Beam Me Up Elvis", released on March 17, 2011, was nominated for the 2012 Whammies (Blues/Traditional R&B Recording). The CD tracks are as follows:
1, Beam Me Up Elvis

</doc>
<doc id="20832506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832506" title="Los Amigos River">
Los Amigos River

The los Amigos River ("Friends River", Spanish: "Río los Amigos") is a river that flows through the Madre de Dios Region along the Amazon rainforest in southeastern Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20832507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832507" title="Nob Hill Gazette">
Nob Hill Gazette

The Nob Hill Gazette has been publishing a monthly magazine since 1978. Home delivered to the Bay Area’s most affluent residences, the Nob Hill Gazette is VAC audited with a controlled circulation of 82,000 copies every month.
The Nob Hill Gazette is devoted to covering the lifestyles of the socially prominent, affluent, educated, philanthropic and community-minded Bay Area residents.
Along with timely news, it features celebrity interviews, stories on fashion, health, beauty, money, real estate, travel, food and wine.

</doc>
<doc id="20832512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832512" title="William H. Doughty">
William H. Doughty

William H. Doughty wanted to start a conservative lifestyle community, the Meadeau View Institute, in Southern Utah from 1986 to the early 1990s. He was also founder of the Institute for Constitutional Education (ICE) (a splinter group of the National Center for Constitutional Studies) and a founder of George Wythe College. He was a close friend of Cleon Skousen. He is also mentor to Shanon Brooks and Oliver DeMille, past presidents of George Wythe. In 1994, the community collapsed and contributors began legal action against Doughty in an effort to recoup their losses.
In 1965, Doughty had served as president of and investment adviser to American Investment Counseling Fund, Inc., an SEC registrant. He currently resides in Mammoth Valley, Utah.
He wrote the book "Track II to the 21st Century" and at one time issued a monthly periodical entitled "Vision".

</doc>
<doc id="20832540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832540" title="The Late Breakfasters">
The Late Breakfasters

The Late Breakfasters is a novel by Robert Aickman, first published in the United Kingdom in 1964 by Victor Gollancz. It was reprinted only once by Chivers in 1978, and never appeared in paperback. Either edition is very scarce on the second-hand book market. It is the only novel published by the author in his lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="20832547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832547" title="Grande Motte (tramway)">
Grande Motte (tramway)

Téléphériques de la Grande Motte is an aerial tramway in the French ski-resort Espace Killy.<br>
The tramway climbs the mountain peak with the same name in Tignes.
The valley station can be reached using the funicular Du Perce Neige or a combination of chairlifts. From the mountain station one can enter the ski-slopes or climb to the top of the mountain some 300 metres higher.
Technical details.
The system has two main cabins or gondolas, each carried on two main cables and a loop of a pulling cable and a secondary cable on the valley side of each cabin.
The mountain station is an open construction with a wide pulley returning the "pull" rope and the anchorage of the four main cables.
The powerplant is in the valley station and consists of two groups of electric powered motors, gearbox and a built-in hydraulic motor for emergency operation. The hydraulic motors can be operated using a diesel engine to run the oil-pump.
Source and links.
Details of this system are obtained from this page from the Ski-World database and this report on Remontees-Mechaniques.net (translated version)

</doc>
<doc id="20832550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832550" title="Slim Twig">
Slim Twig

Slim Twig is a Canadian songwriter/ performer and film actor.
Biography.
Slim Twig is the stage and screen persona created by Max Turnbull. He was born in 1988, the son of Toronto-based filmmakers, Ross Turnbull and Jennifer Hazel, and graduated from the Claude Watson School of the Arts in 2006.
Film Work.
Slim Twig played 'Billy Zero' in the 2007 film, "The Tracey Fragments", directed by Bruce McDonald and starring Ellen Page. Slim was cast as 'Max' in French director Kim Chapiron's film, "Dog Pound", set in a juvenile detention centre, and plays the lead character in an independent feature film produced by his parents entitled "Sight Unseen", for which he also composed the score. He has acted in numerous commercial productions and shorts, and scored other films. In 2013, he composed the score for the acclaimed documentary, "We Come As Friends", directed by Hubert Sauper.
Music.
Paper Bag Records has released two Slim Twig EPs and two, full-length albums. His most recent LP, "A Hound at the Hem", was released by his own label, Calico Corp., in conjunction with Pleasence Records.
In addition to Slim Twig-branded music, the artist plays guitar and sings in the band, Tropics, with Simone TB on drums. In a review of his early Slim Twig EPs, Pitchfork Media stated that Tropics' music is “a feral
take on the Birthday Party's blitzkrieg blues.” Slim Twig has formerly pursued a solo project called Archaic Women and played as part of a “psychedelic cover band” called Plastic Factory. In 2009, Tropics released a cassette tape entitled "SETTE".
The earliest Slim Twig recordings were self-released in 2005 on a CD entitled "Livestock Burn", and an EP, "Dissonant Folk". "Derelict Dialect" was the first Slim Twig EP release from Paper Bag Records, in April, 2008. Prior to that, Slim Twig self-released an EP called "Whiite Fantaseee". The songs from that recording (save one) were subsequently re-mastered and issued as "Vernacular Violence" by Paper Bag Records, in August, 2008. Paper Bag later released its two Slim Twig EPs as a limited edition, vinyl LP album.
In 2009, Paper Bag Records released "Contempt!", Slim Twig's first, full-length LP. He states that he created the record largely from found sound and samples set against his own vocals. A NOW Magazine review of the album called it “...startlingly unique...” Coinciding with the release of "Contempt!", Slim created a free, downloadable “mixtape” EP entitled "Spit It Twig! (Vol. 1)". "Spit it Twig! Vol 2" was issued in the fall of 2009. It was named one of the top downloads of the year by Toronto's alternative weekly magazines. The third release in the mixtape series is "A Sheik in Scores", issued on cassette and as a download.
Critical Reception.
Slim Twig has received considerable, occasionally polarized press coverage (in print and on the internet), with much of it recognizing his unusual adventurousness and artistry. In 2008, the artist was called “an icon-in-the-making...” and named Toronto's Best Pop/ Rock Artist of the year by "Now Magazine". In various articles about Slim Twig, well-known popular music artists have been mentioned for comparison purposes, notably including Nick Cave, Lou Reed, Suicide and David Bowie. In a concert review, music columnist Sarah Liss suggested that Slim Twig's music sounds like “...what might happen if you left a bunch of Elvis Presley LPs on a radiator, smashed them to bits with a hammer
and re-assembled them for play on a turntable. In a word, otherworldly.” He has on more than one occasion, and in a positive context, been called a "pop weirdo". Of his music, one site suggests that "It is isn't possible to get more post-modern pop than this."
Slim Twig's early interest in experimentation appeared to challenge critics looking to situate him in a pop music context. One writer found the songs on "Contempt!" "...like the oddly appropriate soundtracks to confounding four dimensional art installations..." Critics also have suggested the influence of cinema on Slim Twig, with one remarking on “...his compulsive soliloquist's flair, a direct but static-filled line into a collective cinematic unconscious.” Indeed, in speaking about his creative approach, the artist cited his admiration for David Lynch's work.
Recent Work.
In 2011, Slim Twig professed to a change of direction, stating in an interview with NOW Magazine that he is "...reinventing himself as a 60s pop craftsman." His first foray in this direction was a split recording with U.S. Girls, whose side he co-produced, on FatCat subsidiary label, Palmist Records. The release was very well-received. Slim Twig also produced the two most recent U.S. Girls LPs, "U.S. Girls on Kraak" and "Gem".
Slim Twig and U.S. Girls have jointly created their own label, Calico Corp., and each artist issued a 7" single as the label's first productions. In addition to co-releasing Slim Twig's latest LP, "A Hound at the Hem", Calico Corp. has released an EP, "Flushing Meats", by Eric Copeland, and most recently, "Zacht Automaat", a double LP by the eponymously-named Toronto duo.
In August, 2012, Paper Bag released their second Slim Twig LP, "Sof' Sike", which garnered enthusiastically positive reviews. Calico Corp. and Pleasence Records then issued "A Hound at the Hem", in November, although it was apparently completed prior to "Sof' Sike". While cited as "...a pop record that completely forgets it's a pop record...“, "A Hound at the Hem" has elsewhere been effusively praised as "...a new masterpiece...one of the best post-glam concept albums not made in the slippery 70s”.
Video.
Slim Twig:
Tropics:

</doc>
<doc id="20832551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832551" title="Pibroch (vessel)">
Pibroch (vessel)

The Pibroch was a Clyde Puffer that was built in Glasgow during 1957. It is one of the last of this type of vessel remaining today.
The Pibroch today.
The Pibroch is currently resting in West Ireland along the N59 highway in Co. Galway.

</doc>
<doc id="20832553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832553" title="Cojimar">
Cojimar

Cojimar is a small fishing village east of Havana, forming a ward ("consejo popular") part of the Habana del Este municipality. It was an inspiration for Ernest Hemingway's The Old Man and the Sea. It was also the location where during the 1940s an enormous Great white shark was caught, which is one of the contenders for the largest specimen of all time. However, there is considerable controversy about the accuracy of Great white shark measurements taken before modern times. Fifth Harmony member, Camila Cabello was born here.

</doc>
<doc id="20832557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832557" title="River Bluff (Wintergreen, Virginia)">
River Bluff (Wintergreen, Virginia)

River Bluff is a historic home located near Wintergreen, Nelson County, Virginia. It is sited on a steep bank overlooking the South Fork of the Rockfish River. It is a three-part Flemish bond brick house consisting of a two story central pavilion with one-story flanking wings. The main block was constructed about 1785, and the house achieved its final form by about 1805.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20832580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832580" title="John Bolman">
John Bolman

John D. Bolman (1751 – September 17, 1833) was a German-born physician, surgeon and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Lunenburg township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1793 to 1809.
He was born in Magdeburg. Bolman served in a Hessian regiment during the American Revolution. In 1782, he married Jane Knaut (née Brimner), the widow of Philip Augustus Knaut. Bolman settled in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia and died there in 1833, 54 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20832583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832583" title="Immaculate Conception Church (New Orleans)">
Immaculate Conception Church (New Orleans)

Immaculate Conception church, locally known as Jesuit church, is a Roman Catholic church in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana. The church is located at 130 Baronne Street, and is part of the local Jesuit community. The present church, completed in 1930, is a near duplicate of an earlier 1850s church on the same site. 
History.
Two Immaculate Conception churches, nearly identical to each other, were built on the same site over time. The first church was designed by Fr. John Cambiaso, S.J., and completed in 1857. In the late 1920s, it suffered foundation damage due to the construction of the Pere Marquette building. The church's floor split in half. The building was disassembled in 1928. New footings at the same site were laid in 1929 with the cornerstone laid on 16 May 1929. The new church building, incorporating many fixtures from the older church, was dedicated on 2 March, 1930. 
Architecture.
Immaculate Conception church was built and designed in the Neo-Venetian Gothic style of Gothic Revival architecture, with Moorish Revival and Byzantine Revival elements. 
Interior.
When one enters the church, one is met with the enormous height of the nave, compared to other churches in New Orleans. The columns begin with niches in which small statues of archangels stand, and then what is reminiscent of a Solomonic column. 
The many stained glass windows of the church, depicting Jesuit saints, are among the finer in America. They are seen when facing back towards the entrance. The interior also is furnished with religious paintings and murals. 
The pews are made of cast iron, with Moorish tracery, rosettes, and designs particularly symbolic of scriptural references. The chandeliers of fine bronze are of both Moorish and Byzantine styles.
The brilliant altar was handmade in Lyons, France, and is 24 karat gold-plated. The central focal point of the church is "Mary's Niche", a solid-marble statue of the Blessed Virgin standing in front of a gilded, lit background. At the same level are found four other statues of saints. 
College chapel.
As the Jesuit province in New Orleans grew, the Jesuits purchased the plot of land which is now Jesuit High School. Beforehand, the school, called Immaculate Conception College was adjacent to the church. The Jesuit priests lived inside an area of Jesuit High School which contains a chapel (Thomas Semmes Memorial Chapel) of the same architectural design as the church (the chapel was disassembled then moved to Jesuit's present location). This chapel is not to be confused with the Chapel of the North American Martyrs at Jesuit High School, which was completed in 1953 in a Neoclassical style and is much larger.
Louisiana Cotton Exposition Organ.
The remnants of the 1884 World Cotton Centennial or Louisiana Cotton Exposition Organ are housed within the church. The pipe organ was originally built by Pilcher, and was the biggest pipe organ manufactured by the company. When it was being played inside the fair building, it caused the collapse of the main tent.
The organ had major renovations and additions by M.P. Moller before it was given to the Jesuit Fathers. It operated in the original church and was moved to the Fairmont Hotel, across the street, while the church was being reconstructed. Then the organ was then installed in the 'new' 1929 church, with modifications by M.P. Moller. The organ's facade contained tall Open Diapason pipes, with Moorish Revival style stenciling on them.
The organ was later abandoned, but left intact inside the structure. There are large swell shades in the walls at the back of the church. It was replaced by a much smaller organ by Pilcher.
After several years of using the second smaller organ, the church replaced it with a digital organ by Phoenix. 
The church offers tours daily at 3 pm. 

</doc>
<doc id="20832585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832585" title="William Augustus Adam">
William Augustus Adam

William Augustus Adam (27 May 1865 – 18 October 1940) was a British and army officer and Conservative Party politician.
He was born with the surname "Adams" but later changed his name.
He was a member of the 5th Royal Irish Lancers of the British army, and fought in the Second Boer War and First World War, and reached the rank of major. He fought on the Japanese side in the Russo-Japanese War.
He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Woolwich in the January 1910 general election, but was defeated in the second election that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20832587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832587" title="Agrostis blasdalei">
Agrostis blasdalei

Agrostis blasdalei is a species of grass known by the common name Blasdale's bent grass. It is endemic to the coast of northern California, where it grows in habitat along the immediate coastline, such as dunes and bluffs. It is a perennial grass growing in tufts up to 30 centimeters tall. It has short, thready leaves a few centimeters long. The inflorescence is a thin cylindrical array of tiny spikelets, each up to 4 millimeters in length. 

</doc>
<doc id="20832602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832602" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 30 (U.S. series)">
Now That's What I Call Music! 30 (U.S. series)

"Now That's What I Call Music! 30" was released on March 24, 2009. The album is the 30th edition of the (US) "Now!" series and debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 album chart in April 2009. Despite low initial-week sales of 146,000 units, "Now! 30" became the first album from the series to reach number one on the chart since "Now! 25" in July 2007. It was certified Gold by the RIAA in May 2009.
Two songs featured on "Now! 30", "Just Dance" and "Womanizer", reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100, while the songs, "Love Story" and "Sweet Thing", were number-one songs on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs chart.
Free downloads.
For the second time (the first being "Now! 29"), additional content can be unlocked from the CD via Push Entertainment, including free downloads from the following developing artists plus videos by artists featured on this and previous "Now!" releases.
Sales.
The album has sold in the US 714,335 copies as of November 14, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20832606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832606" title="Robert McElhinney">
Robert McElhinney

Robert McElhinney (ca 1747 – April 22, 1831) was an Irish-born political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Londonderry township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1790 to 1799.
He came to Nova Scotia in the 1760s. In 1821, he married the widow Margaret Davis. He died at Londonderry, Nova Scotia at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="20832612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832612" title="Go to the Future">
Go to the Future

Go to the Future is the 2007 debut album of Sakanaction. It contains 8 tracks.
Information.
None of the tracks on Go to the Future were previously released as singles. The album was Sakanaction's first entry into the music industry. It is mainly alternative rock with a blend of electronic pop. Sakanaction produced a promotional video (music video) for Mikazuki Sunset.

</doc>
<doc id="20832624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832624" title="Walter Attenborough">
Walter Attenborough

Walter Annis Attenborough (27 November 1850 – 13 June 1932) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was elected at the January 1910 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Bedford (UK Parliament constituency), but was defeated by only 19 votes at the December 1910 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20832634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832634" title="Reynaldo Pineda">
Reynaldo Pineda

Reynaldo Felipe Pineda García (born 6 August 1978) is a Honduran footballer.
He was a member of the Honduran squad that competed at the 2001 Copa America and the 1999 Panamerican Games in Winnipeg.
Club career.
Nicknamed "el Chino", Pineda played at Independiente Villela where Chelato Uclés made him debut at his 15 years against Olimpia. He also played for Deportes Savio for whom he still was their third-placed goalscorer by 2009.
He later moved on to Real España where he was going to sign for 5 years more but Club Deportivo Victoria made him a good offer. He passed to Victoria but he had bad relations with the chairman and later left football. He returned and started playing in Liga de Ascenso de Honduras.
In 2009 he won the second division league title with Atletico Gualala.
International career.
Pineda made his debut for Honduras in a November 2000 FIFA World Cup qualification match against St Vincent & the Grenadines and has earned a total of 4 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country in 1 FIFA World Cup qualification match and played at the 2001 Copa América,
His final international was a July 2001 Copa América match against Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="20832657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832657" title="Alain Portes">
Alain Portes

Alain Portes (born October 31, 1961) is a French handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Béziers.
In 1992 he was a member of the French handball team which won the bronze medal. He played four matches and scored nine goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20832663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832663" title="Robert Bingham Brassey">
Robert Bingham Brassey

Captain Robert Bingham Brassey (18 October 1875 – 14 November 1946) was a British Conservative Party politician.
He was the son of Albert Brassey, MP.
He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Banbury in the general election of January 1910, winning it from the Liberals, but they took it back from him in the general election of December 1910.
In 1911 he bought Cottesbrooke Hall from the Langham family. It was sold in 1937 to the Macdonald-Buchanans.

</doc>
<doc id="20832664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832664" title="Soldier's Joy">
Soldier's Joy

Soldier's Joy is a historic home located at Wingina, Nelson County, Virginia, USA. It was built in 1784-85 by Col. Samuel Jordan Cabell and enlarged approximately twenty-five years later. Along with Bon Aire and Montezuma, it is one of the few remaining Cabell family houses in Nelson County. When constructed it was a five-part Palladian house; reduced in size during the 20th century when the early 19th-century wings were moved. The Late-Georgian dwelling is distinguished by its fine proportions and interior detailing, much of which was added when the house was enlarged. The elaborate woodwork from the ballroom wing was removed to the Cincinnati Art Museum when the house was renovated in the 1920s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20832667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832667" title="Sakanaction">
Sakanaction

, stylised as sakanaction, are a Japanese rock band from Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan. Their music is a fusion of alternative rock, electronic, pop, and New Wave styles, and is thus difficult to classify under one category. The band consists of five members: Ichirō Yamaguchi, Motoharu Iwadera, Ami Kusakari, Emi Okazaki, and Keiichi Ejima.
The name Sakanaction is a portmanteau of and "action". In the band's own words, their name reflects a wish to act quickly and lightly, like fish in the water, without fearing changes in the music scene. They are enjoying increasing popularity, having hit mainstream success with their records consistently achieving positions within the Top 10 on Japan's Oricon charts.
History.
Formation.
Ichirō Yamaguchi, Sakanaction's frontman, originally started a band called Dutchman, in 1998 with his fellow high school mates, including Motoharu Iwadera. It was an indie rock band that was heavily inspired by British indie bands. From 2000 to 2003, they released one maxi single titled "Fly", one album titled "demonstration", and a single titled "Mikazuki Sunset" that was only sold at live performances. The band did not gain much recognition. In 2004, the members disbanded, leaving Yamaguchi to continue on alone as Dutchman. Yamaguchi began performing as a DJ at night clubs.
Sakanaction was finally created in 2005. When Yamaguchi was working in a record store, he heard the song "owari no kisetsu" by Rei Harakami and it became a great motivation for him to create Sakanaction. Yamaguchi founded the band together with Iwadera. In the spring of 2006, the rest of the members joined. Kusakari had just left another band then and was asked to join Sakanaction, Ejima was introduced by a mutual friend, and Okazaki was Yamaguchi's colleague from the record store.
The name "Sakanaction" was created by Yamaguchi and was met with initial resistance from Iwadera. When Yamaguchi asked him what he thought of the name Sakanaction, Iwadera said he hated it but Yamaguchi forced it.
Rise to Popularity.
Sakanaction first attracted attention at the 2006 Rising Sun Rock Festival. The band's first physical release was "Go to the Future" in 2007. Three songs originally from Dutchman were rereleased as Sakanaction releases - "Mikazuki Sunset" and "Inner World" were included in Go to the Future while "Word" was part of a digital download release, and later made it to "Night Fishing".
Some time after the release of "Night Fishing", the band made a decision to move from Hokkaido to Tokyo where they could reach out to more people. They were also moved from Victor Entertainment's BabeStar label to the main label.
On August 9, 2008, Sakanaction performed as one of the main acts on one of Japan's top music stations, "Music On!" in the event called Summer Sonic '08. Sakanaction performed alongside Paul Weller, The Fratellis, Death Cab for Cutie, Cajun Dance Party, Band of Horses, Blood Red Shoes, and These New Puritans. The show aired just three days before the New Year, on December 29, 2008.
On December 26, 2008, they made it to #9 on Billboard's Japan Hot 100 list with their single "Sentorei" beating out MAYS's "Kiss: Koi ni Ochite... Fuyu" and coming in just after Greeeen's "Tobira". Over a course of 4 weeks the single moved from #91 to #9. This was a big accomplishment for Sakanaction as they moved forward in the Japanese music industry.
Mainstream Success.
In December 2008, the band announced their third album, "Shinshiro", which was released in January, 2009. The album includes their debut single, "Sentorei", The album debuted at #8 on Oricon weekly charts, the first time they got into the Top 10. The band held a national promotional tour, "Sakanquarium 2009", in February and March 2009.
On January 13, 2010, the band released the single "Aruku Around", which hit #3 on the Oricon weekly charts. On August 8, 2010 they made appearances at both the Summer Sonic and the World Happiness 2010 rock festivals in Tokyo.
Sakanaction next released on March 16, 2011, a new single titled "Rookie". Almost seven months since their last single "Identity", "Rookie" centered around club music, pop, and rock. It peaked at #6 on the Oricon weekly charts, although sales were affected by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
On March 22, the music video for "Aruku Around" picked up awards for Best Rock Video and Best Video of the Year from the 2011 Space Shower Music Video Awards, earning the band more recognition.
On July 20, 2011, Sakanaction released their second single of the year, "Bach no Senritsu o Yoru ni Kiita Sei Desu." (Because I Listened to Bach Melodies at Night). This release helped them to gain even more popularity through Sakanaction's first ever live performance on the popular music variety show, Music Station.
Their fifth album, "DocumentaLy", was released on September 28, 2011, reaching a peak of #2 on the Oricon weekly charts, the highest the band has ever charted. The band also embarked on the "Sakanaquarium 2011 DocumentaLy" tour beginning October 1. The Makuhari Messe leg of the tour was later documented on a live DVD and Blu-ray released on March 28, 2012.
In February, the band played live overseas for the second time, in Taiwan, together with rock bands Avengers in Sci-Fi and Lite under the same artist management Hip Land Music Corp. On March 20, 2012, Sakanaction took home awards for Best Rock Video and Best Video of the Year at the 2012 Space Shower Music Video Awards for Bach no Senritsu o Yoru ni Kiita Sei Desu. This was the band's second consecutive year winning the coveted Best Video of the Year award. Starting April, the band also started to host their own regular radio show, "Sakana Locks!!" on popular radio station Tokyo FM.
Continued National Success.
Their sixth single, "Boku to Hana", was released on May 30. The titular track was used as the theme song of primetime medical drama "37sai de Isha ni Natta Boku ~Kenshui Junjou Monogatari~", the first time the band has collaborated with a drama, thus giving them more exposure.
Sakanaction continued to garner more attention as vocalist Yamaguchi composed and wrote the song "Moment" for the popular veteran boyband SMAP, who were label mates. The song was used as the theme for 2012 Summer Olympics broadcasts on television channel TBS, and was released in a single on 8 August 2012.
On 29 August 2012, their seventh single "Yoru no Odoriko" was released. The song was used in Mode School commercials as well as a station ID for Space Shower Television. In addition, Sakanaction was allowed to perform again for the second time on Music Station. Their eighth single "Music" was tied up with Fuji TV primetime drama, "dinner", with the titular track as its theme song, making it the second time the band's music was used for a drama. The single was released on 23 January 2013, for the first time selling at 500 yen, compared to their usual singles being priced at 1000 yen and above.
Again, for the third year running, Sakanaction managed grab an award at the 2013 Space Shower Music Video Awards. They were awarded Best Artist, with their representative works being the music videos for "Boku to Hana" and "Yoru no Odoriko".
The band released on 13 March 2013 their self-titled sixth album, which clinched the top spot on Oricon Weekly Charts, their first release to do so. For the album, Sakanaction went on a sold out nationwide tour starting 30 March. They also included an supplementary tour in Taiwan to play there for 2 days. The band released their first vinyl record, titled "Inori EP" on 26 June 2013, containing remixes of two songs from the album.
With their sixth album and accompanying tour's success in 2013, they were invited to perform for the first time on NHK's prestigious music show "Kōhaku Uta Gassen" on 31 December.
Sakanaction is set to go on a new tour in early 2014. They have also announced the release of a new single, "Goodbye/Eureka", for 15 January 2014. "Eureka" is tied-up with the film "Judge!" as its ending theme song.

</doc>
<doc id="20832679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832679" title="Mohoidae">
Mohoidae

Mohoidae is a family of Hawaiian species of recently extinct, nectarivorous songbirds in the genera "Moho" (Ōōs) and "Chaetoptila" (Kioea). These now extinct birds form their own family, representing the only complete extinction of an entire avian family in modern times, when the disputed family Turnagridae is disregarded for being invalid.
Until recently, these birds were thought to belong to the family Meliphagidae (honeyeaters) because they looked and acted so similar to members of that family, including many morphological details. A 2008 study argued, on the basis of a phylogenetic analysis of DNA from museum specimens, that the genera "Moho" and "Chaetoptila" do not belong to the Meliphagidae but instead belong to a group that includes the waxwings and the Palmchat; they appear especially close to the silky-flycatchers. Hawaiian honeyeaters did not evolve from the similar looking Australasian honeyeaters, but instead represent a striking case of convergent evolution. The authors proposed a family, Mohoidae, for these two extinct genera.
Species.
Family: Mohoidae

</doc>
<doc id="20832680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832680" title="Thierry Perreux">
Thierry Perreux

Thierry Perreux (born March 4, 1963 in Soisy-sous-Montmorency, Val-d'Oise) is a French handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 he was a member of the French handball team which won the bronze medal. He played six matches and scored eight goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20832684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832684" title="Stories (Therapy? song)">
Stories (Therapy? song)

"Stories" is a song by Therapy? and a single released on 22 May 1995 on A&M Records. The song is featured on the Infernal Love album. The single reached number 14 in the UK Singles Chart, and number 15 in the Irish Singles Chart.
The single was released on CD, Orange 7" Vinyl and Cassette.

</doc>
<doc id="20832692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832692" title="Pushing the Salmanilla Envelope">
Pushing the Salmanilla Envelope

Pushing the Salmanilla Envelope is the first major label release by Jimmie's Chicken Shack.
Track listing.
All tracks by Jimi Haha, Jim McD, Jim Chaney & Che Lemon

</doc>
<doc id="20832713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832713" title="Éric Quintin">
Éric Quintin

Éric Quintin (born January 22, 1967 in Aix-en-Provence) is a French handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 he was a member of the French handball team which won the bronze medal. He played four matches and scored nine goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20832727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832727" title="1967–68 Manchester United F.C. season">
1967–68 Manchester United F.C. season

The 1967–68 season was one of the most successful seasons in Manchester United's history, as the team beat Benfica 4–1 in the final of the 1967–68 European Cup to become the first English team to win the competition. The team was led by manager Matt Busby. Despite the European Cup success, United finished second in the First Division, two points behind local rival Manchester City.
The 1967–68 season was a breakout year for midfielder George Best, who led the team with 28 goals in the First Division and 32 goals overall en route to winning the European Footballer of the Year and the FWA Footballer of the Year awards. Four other players scored double-digit goals during the campaign: Bobby Charlton (20), Brian Kidd (17), Denis Law (11), and John Aston, Jr. (10).
FA Charity Shield.
On 12 August 1967, United and Tottenham Hotspur kicked off the season, playing for the 1967 FA Charity Shield at Old Trafford. Bobby Charlton scored two goals for United, while Denis Law scored their third. The match finished at 3–3, which meant that the two clubs shared the Shield, each holding it for six months.
Football League First Division.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="20832740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832740" title="Fairlee, Isle of Wight">
Fairlee, Isle of Wight

Fairlee is a suburb of Newport, on the Isle of Wight, on the east side of the River Medina. Fairlee Road runs through the area. During a week in June each year the main road northbound is completely closed to vehicles during the Isle of Wight Festival. Fairlee Service Station, Seaclose Stores and the Mountbatten Centre, with Medina High School are located in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20832742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832742" title="Jean-Luc Thiébaut">
Jean-Luc Thiébaut

Jean-Luc Thiébaut (born December 29, 1960) is a French handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Metz.
In 1992 he was a member of the French handball team which won the bronze medal. He played five matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20832745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832745" title="Fox Sports Carolinas">
Fox Sports Carolinas

Fox Sports Carolinas is an American regional sports network that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks. The channel is owned by Fox Cable Networks, a unit of the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox. It is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. It serves four million people in North and South Carolina. It was created in October 2008 when Fox Sports South was split into three feeds, the other two being for Atlanta and Tennessee. 
Fox Sports Carolinas holds the regional cable television rights to the Charlotte Bobcats (NBA) and Carolina Hurricanes (NHL). The network also covers the Carolina Panthers of the NFL and the ACC and SEC college athletics conferences. It also airs Fox Sports South's main feed of Atlanta Braves (MLB) games throughout South Carolina, as well as in portions of the Charlotte and Piedmont Triad markets. It also airs Fox Sports Ohio's broadcasts of Cincinnati Reds (MLB) games for viewers in and around Asheville, Charlotte and Winston-Salem.
Availability.
FS Carolinas is available on most cable providers in North Carolina and South Carolina, as well as nationwide on DirecTV and Dish Network.
Fox Sports Carolinas HD.
Most Charlotte Bobcats and Carolina Hurricanes games and national Fox Sports Net games and events on Fox Sports Carolinas are available in 720p high definition. Prior to July 2009, the HD version of the channel was only on the air during games and displayed colored test pattern bars the rest of the time. Since July 2009, Fox Sports Carolinas HD has transitioned to full-time channel, although live sports games as well as their late night replays are the only programs in HD.
Current branding.
During regular programming and national sporting events, the Fox Sports logo is shown with a dark blue, rounded arrow shaped drop-down containing the word "CAROLINAS". The bottom of the drop-down contains a small arrow, colored light blue. During Bobcats basketball games and "Bobcats Live", the text in the drop-down changes to "BOBCATS" (so that the bug reads Fox Sports Bobcats), with the arrow at the bottom of the drop-down shown in orange. As for Hurricanes hockey games and "Hurricanes Live", the text in the drop-down changes to "CANES", with the arrow at the bottom of the drop-down shown in red.
Commentators.
Carolina Hurricanes.
Chantel McCabe- on ice reporter

</doc>
<doc id="20832746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832746" title="Loose (Therapy? song)">
Loose (Therapy? song)

"Loose" is a song by Therapy? and a single released on 17 July 1995 on A&M Records. The song is featured on the "Infernal Love" album. The single reached number 25 on the UK Singles Chart, and number 23 on the Irish Singles Chart. A digipak single was released two weeks later on 31 July 1995, reaching number 141 on the UK Singles Chart.
The single was released on CD, CD Digipack, Green 7" Vinyl and Cassette.
Track listing (Digipak CD).
Live tracks recorded in the UK, June 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20832751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832751" title="Officers Club">
Officers Club

Officers Club, The Officers Club or similar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20832753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832753" title="Fox Sports Tennessee">
Fox Sports Tennessee

Fox Sports Tennessee is an American regional sports network that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks. The channel is owned by Fox Cable Networks, a unit of the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox. It serves 1.8 million people in Tennessee, northern Alabama, eastern Arkansas and northern Mississippi. It was created in October 2008 when Fox Sports South was split into three feeds, the other two being for Atlanta and the Carolinas.
Fox Sports Tennessee holds the regional cable television rights to the Memphis Grizzlies (NBA) and Nashville Predators (NHL). It also carries Major League Baseball games of the Cincinnati Reds (via Fox Sports Ohio) and St. Louis Cardinals (via Fox Sports Midwest), as well as coverage of Southeastern Conference college athletics. It also airs Fox Sports South's main feed of Atlanta Braves (MLB) games throughout Tennessee.
Availability.
FS Tennessee is available nationwide on DirecTV and Dish Network, and on most cable providers in Tennessee, northern Alabama, eastern Arkansas and northeastern Mississippi.
Fox Sports Tennessee HD.
Most Predators and Grizzlies games and national Fox Sports Net games and events on Fox Sports Tennessee are available in 720p high definition. Prior to July 2009, the HD version of the channel was only on-air during games and displayed colored test pattern bars the rest of the time. Since July 2009, FS Tennessee HD has transitioned to full-time channel, although live sports games as well as their late night replays are the only programs in HD.

</doc>
<doc id="20832766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832766" title="Hadogenes troglodytes">
Hadogenes troglodytes

Hadogenes troglodytes is a species of scorpion from southern Africa. It is commonly known as the Flat Rock Scorpion and commonly sold on the exotic pet market. It has the longest recorded body length of any scorpion, reaching up to 20 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="20832772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832772" title="Denis Tristant">
Denis Tristant

Denis Tristant (born 23 November 1964) is a French handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Pacy-sur-Eure.
In 1992 he was a member of the French handball team which won the bronze medal. He played three matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20832773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832773" title="Thomas Lusby">
Thomas Lusby

Thomas Lusby (1737 – February 10, 1801) was an English-born farmer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Amherst township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1793 to 1801.
He was born in Wrawley, Lincolnshire. In 1763, he married Mary Abbot. Lusby came to Nova Scotia around 1772. He operated a grist mill. In 1799, he was named a judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for Cumberland County. He died in office in Amherst.

</doc>
<doc id="20832779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832779" title="Oil Shale (journal)">
Oil Shale (journal)

Oil Shale is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in petrology, especially concerning oil shale. The journal covers geology, mining, formation, composition, methods of processing, combustion, economics, and environmental protection related to oil shale. It is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index. The editor-in-chief is Anto Raukas.
History.
The plan for publishing an oil shale journal arose in 1983 in the Estonian Academy of Sciences and the journal was established in 1984 as the journal of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and the Estonian Academy of Sciences. Publishing was financed by the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and administered by the Institute of Chemistry of the Estonian Academy of Sciences. It was published by the publishing house Perioodika in Tallinn.
At first, the journal was published in Russian under the name "Горючие Сланцы" (translit. Goryutchie Slantsy). However, there was the permission from Soviet authorities to use the English-written subtitle "Oil Shale" and to add English summaries to Russian papers. The first editor-in-chief was Ilmar Öpik. The financing by the Academy of Sciences of the USSR ended in the beginning of 1990s after Estonia regained independence. As of result, a new editorial board was selected, which decided to reform the journal into an international English-language journal. The publishing was mainly sponsored by oil shale companies and private persons.
In 1994, the journal was indexed in ISI products and since then published by the Estonian Academy Publishers. Since 1998, the publishing is financed through Estonia's state budget.

</doc>
<doc id="20832785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832785" title="Diane (Hüsker Dü song)">
Diane (Hüsker Dü song)

"Diane" was originally recorded by US band Hüsker Dü for their "Metal Circus" EP in 1983. The song was written by drummer Grant Hart, and concerns the murder of West St. Paul waitress Diane Edwards by Joseph Ture in 1980.
Northern Irish metal band Therapy? covered the song and released it as a single on November 6, 1995 on A&M Records. The song is featured on the "Infernal Love" album. The single reached number 26 in the UK Singles Chart, and number 20 in the Irish Singles Chart. The single went Top 10 in many countries in Europe, winning an award for best single from Humo Magazine in Belgium.
The single was released on CD, CD Digipack, CD Velvet Digipack, Red 7" Vinyl and Cassette.
Track listing.
Tracks 3 & 4 recorded for "Collin's and Maconie's Hit Parade", BBC Radio One.
Tracks 2, 3 & 4 recorded by Chris Leckie in Zurich, Switzerland, September 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20832788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832788" title="Gerald Brunskill">
Gerald Brunskill

Gerald Fitzgibbon Brunskill (1866–1918) was an Irish Unionist Party politician who served briefly as Member of Parliament (MP) for Mid Tyrone. He was elected in the general election of January 1910, but narrowly lost the seat in the December 1910 general election to Richard McGhee.

</doc>
<doc id="20832791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832791" title="List of cognitive neuroscientists">
List of cognitive neuroscientists

Below are some notable researchers in cognitive neuroscience listed by topic of interest.
Language
Memory
Vision
Learning and Connectionism
Laterality
Emotion
Other/Misc. Categories

</doc>
<doc id="20832802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832802" title="Frédéric Volle">
Frédéric Volle

Frédéric Volle (born February 4, 1966 in Montpellier) is a French handball player. He competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Career.
In 1992, Volle was a member of the French handball team which won the bronze medal. He played all seven matches and scored 23 goals.
Four years later, Volle finished fourth with the French team in the 1996 Olympic tournament. He played seven games and scored numerous goals. He was the second highest scorer. Volle also has a silver from 1993 world Championship in Sweden, Stolkholm and in the 1995 world championship in Iceland Volle won the world cup against Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="20832809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832809" title="Buzzard Roost, Alabama">
Buzzard Roost, Alabama

Buzzard Roost is an unincorporated community in Colbert County, Alabama. Buzzard Roost had a post office in the 1850s, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Buzzard Roost is located at and has an elevation of . It is located 3 mi. W of Cherokee, Alabama, on U.S. Route 72.
History.
Bernard Romans' Map of 1772 indicated a place called "Chickianooe", which appears to be a misprint of the Choctaw word "Chickianoce," "Skeki anusi" or “anosi,” "meaning Buzzards there sleep."
Levi Colbert, Chickasaw Bench Chief built his stand in Buzzard Roost in 1801, and he ran an inn with his family. An exhibit telling his story is part of the Natchez Trace Parkway. He is credited with changing the name from Buzzard Sleep to Buzzard Roost.
In the 1840s, Armstead Barton built Barton Hall, also known as the Cunningham Plantation, an antebellum plantation house.
Buzzard Roost Covered Bridge, built over Buzzard Roost Creek in 1860, was 94 ft. long, and located on "Allsboro Rd., which is part of the Natchez Trace Parkway System". It was destroyed by fire on July 15, 1972.
In 1958, a type of spear point dating from the Early to an early Middle Archaic period, the Buzzard Roost Creek Point, was named after a site on Buzzard Roost Creek, by James W. Cambron.
Buzzard Roost was added to the National Register of Historic Places November 7, 1976.
As of 2011, a Pratt pony truss bridge built over Buzzard Roost Creek in 1940 remains, although it is rated "structurally deficient."

</doc>
<doc id="20832820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832820" title="Samuel Leonard">
Samuel Leonard

Samuel Leonard (ca 1755 – August 20, 1825) was a United Empire Loyalist and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Horton township from 1793 to 1799 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in New Jersey and served as a captain in the New Jersey Volunteers. Leonard married Nancy Allison. He served as a major in the King's County militia. He died in Horton at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="20832821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832821" title="Jonathan Duncan (Governor of Bombay)">
Jonathan Duncan (Governor of Bombay)

Jonathan Duncan (15 May 1756 – 11 August 1811) was Governor of Bombay from 27 December 1795 until his death in 1811.
He began his career in India in 1772, and in 1788 was appointed superintendent and resident at Benares by Lord Cornwallis, where he helped stamp out the practice of infanticide. In 1795, he became governor of Bombay, and held that post for the rest of his life (nearly sixteen years).In 1791 he started the Sanskrit College at Benares for the study of Hindu law and Philosophy
His son, also named Jonathan Duncan, was an advocate of reforming the monetary system.

</doc>
<doc id="20832829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832829" title="Asian Women's Handball Championship">
Asian Women's Handball Championship

The Asian Handball Nations Championship is the official competition for senior national handball teams of Asia, and takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the Asian champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20832836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832836" title="Jochem Verberne">
Jochem Verberne

Joachim Hermanus Jacobus Verberne (born January 19, 1978 in Alkmaar, North Holland) is a former rower from the Netherlands. He won a silver medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics in the Men's Quadruple Sculls.

</doc>
<doc id="20832849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832849" title="Michael Bublé discography">
Michael Bublé discography

The discography of Michael Bublé consists of five studio albums, three live albums, nine EPs, seventeen singles, and fourteen music videos. His records are being distributed by the label Warner Bros. Records and also by its subsidiaries Reprise Records and 143 Records.
Bublé debuted independently in 1995 with his first EP, "First Dance". In 2001 and 2002 he released the albums "BaBalu" and "Dream" respectively, without any record company support. In 2003, he signed a record deal with 143 Records and released his first studio album "Michael Bublé", which was very successful. On May 23 of that year, he released his first live album, "Come Fly with Me" and later his second and third EPs, "Totally Bublé" and "Let It Snow". On February 8, 2005 Bublé released his second album, entitled "It's Time", which ended up with several certifications for its high sales. In the same year he issued his second live album "Caught in the Act", launched a special Christmas edition of his self-titled studio album which obtained Silver certification in the UK and also his fourth EP, entitled "More". His fifth EP, "With Love", followed the next year and achieved gold certification in the U.S.
In 2007, he released his third studio album, "Call Me Irresponsible" and the next year released his sixth EP, "A Taste of Bublé". Bublé's third live album, "Michael Bublé Meets Madison Square Garden", was released on July 16, 2009 and his fourth studio album, "Crazy Love", saw release in October of the same year. In 2011, he released his fifth studio album, "Christmas", which contained carols and collaborations with The Puppini Sisters, Thalia and Shania Twain. This album is considered the most prestigious of Bublé's because of its many certifications and is considered one of the best selling albums of 2011. The same year he released the EP "A Holiday Gift for You", which contains extra songs that were not included on the "Christmas" album. Bublé's eighth and latest studio album "To Be Loved" was released on April 23, 2013.
Bublé has sold 30 million records worldwide. He has won four Grammy Awards and placed five consecutive albums at number one on "Billboard" 200.

</doc>
<doc id="20832858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832858" title="Elizabeth of Kuyavia">
Elizabeth of Kuyavia

Elizabeth of Kuyavia (1315/20 – after 22 August 1345) was the only daughter of Casimir II of Kuyavia and his wife, whose name and origins are unknown. Elisabeth was Baness of Bosnia by her marriage.
Family.
Elizabeth was a member of the House of Piast. Her only known surviving sibling was her brother, Władysław the White. Her paternal grandparents were Ziemomysl of Kuyavia and his wife Salome of Pomerania.
Elisabeth's mother is unknown and because of this, none of Elisabeth's maternal family are known.
Marriage.
By 1323, King Charles I of Hungary wanted to increase influence over Stephen II, Ban of Bosnia. He offered Stephan the hand of Elizabeth, his wife's distant relative and namesake. By marrying Elizabeth, Stephen received (as a gift from the King of Hungary) the lands to the west formerly held by Mladen I Šubić Bribirski and Usora and Soli in the north formerly held by Stefan Dragutin and his son, Vladislav II of the House of Nemanja.
The marriage was legitimized by 1339. Up to 1339, Stephan was married to an unnamed daughter of a Bulgarian tsar. He needed to have the marriage with the Bulgarian princess annulled in order to be able to marry Elizabeth, otherwise Elizabeth's marriage to Stephen would have been considered bigamy. Elizabeth was a Roman Catholic, while her husband Stephen was a member of the Bosnian Church and a heretic in the eyes of the Roman Catholic Church.
The only child which can be attributed to Elizabeth of Kuyavia without doubt is Elizabeth of Bosnia, born c. 1340, who married Hungarian King Louis I the Great.
Some believe that Catherine of Bosnia, Countess of Cilli, was daughter of Elizabeth of Kuyavia and Stephen II, while others believe that Catherine was daughter of Stephen II's brother Vladislaus of Bosnia and his wife Jelena Šubić.
Elizabeth may have also had a son, Vuk who may have survived infancy but he did not outlive his father so never became Ban of Bosnia. Vuk may have been the son of one of Stephen's previous two wives.
Stephen outlived Elizabeth. It is unknown what Elizabeth died of, judging by the time, it is possible that she died of Black Death, which was sweeping across Europe during the 14th century. Banness Elizabeth was buried in Bobovac in a tomb which she shared with her husband, brother-in-law Vladislaus and sister-in-law Jelena.
Family legacy.
After Elizabeth of Kuyavia's death, her daughter Elizabeth was fostered by Elisabeth of Poland and this soon led to Elizabeth's marriage to Louis I.
Elizabeth's known family lineage died out in 1399, with the death of her granddaughter, Jadwiga of Poland and great-granddaughter Elizabeth Bonifacia. If Elizabeth was mother of Catherine, her descendants are today on the thrones of all European kingdoms, grand duchies and principalities.
Ancestry.
Ancestors of Elisabeth of Kuyavia 

</doc>
<doc id="20832860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832860" title="Salvador Esquer">
Salvador Esquer

José Salvador Esquer Bisbal (born January 8, 1969) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Algemesí.
In 1996 he was a member of the Spanish handball team which won the bronze medal. He played all seven matches and scored 21 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20832863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832863" title="Dirk Lippits">
Dirk Lippits

Dirk Reinier Lippits (born May 2, 1977) is a Dutch rower, born in Geldrop, North Brabant. He won a silver medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics in the Men's Quadruple Sculls. In 2004, Lippits took part in the men's single sculls, finishing fourth in the C Final.

</doc>
<doc id="20832865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832865" title="Thomas Charles Pleydell Calley">
Thomas Charles Pleydell Calley

Major-General Thomas Charles Pleydell Calley, CB, CBE, MVO, (28 January 1856 – 14 February 1932) was a British military officer and Liberal Unionist politician.
Calley was the son of Henry Calley, JP, DL, of Burderop Park, Wiltshire, and was educated at Harrow, and at Christ Church, Oxford.
He joined the 1st Life Guards in 1876, and served in Egypt 1882, where he took part in the Battle of Tel el-Kebir. In 1886 he was appointed Captain, promoted to Major in 1894, Lieutenant-colonel in 1898, and a Brevet Colonel in November 1900 for service in the Second Boer War in South Africa 1899-1900.
After the war he commanded the 1st Life Guards 1902-06, and King Edward VII appointed him a Member of the Royal Victorian Order (MVO) in July 1901, and a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in 1905. He went on to become a Brigade Commander of the London Mounted Brigade 1908-12.
He was elected at the January 1910 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Cricklade, winning the seat from the sitting Liberal MP John Massie. However, at the general election in December 1910, he narrowly lost the seat to another Liberal candidate, and did not stand for Parliament again.
Calley married, in 1883, Emily Chappell, daughter of T. D. Chappell, of Teddington, and they had one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20832868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832868" title="William Baxter (Nova Scotia politician)">
William Baxter (Nova Scotia politician)

William Baxter (1760 – November 22, 1832) was a physician, businessman and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Cornwallis township from 1793 to 1799 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in New Hampshire, the son of Captain Simon Baxter and Prudence Fox. In 1783, He married Ruth Sheffield. Baxter later married Julia Swigo. He was one of the first physicians in Kings County, Nova Scotia. He died in Cornwallis, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="20832877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832877" title="Raúl González (handballer)">
Raúl González (handballer)

Raúl González Gutiérrez (born 8 January 1970 in Valladolid) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics. In 1996 he was a member of the Spanish handball team which won the bronze medal. He played six matches and scored five goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20832885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832885" title="StarPeace Project">
StarPeace Project

The StarPeace Project was a global special project first organised in conjunction with the International Year of Astronomy in 2009. StarPeace project participants held public star parties near a border of their country with a neighboring country. The intention was to show that there are no borders in the real Earth, borders are man-made and science has no borders.
Vision.
In accordance with the goals of the International Year of Astronomy 2009, the Starpeace project has these aims: 
Organizers.
StarPeace project is organized by Astronomical Society of Iran and the Sky Peace Organization, a non-governmental, not-for-profit organisation. StarPeace core team composed from Mohammad J. Torabi, Irene Shivaei, Kazem Kookaram, Hooman Najafi and Siavash Saffarian Pour who coordinate and guide StarPeace project with collaborate of their colleagues in more than 30 countries in the globe. The Astronomical Society of Iran is a non-beneficiary institute, established for the purpose of increasing and improving astronomical activities in Iran, both in research and in education. It seeks to facilitate cooperation and coordination between the scientific and technical centers of the country.
Anousheh Ansari is an advisor to the StarPeace project. She was the first woman from the Middle East to go into space, and the first Iranian. Ansari was the fourth self-funded space tourist and the first self-funded woman to fly to the International Space Station.
StarPeace has affiliated with Yuri's Night, named after the first human to go into space, Yuri Gagarin.
Events.
The StarPeace opening event of 2009 took place between Iran and the United Arab Emirates. On the first two nights of that year, Iranian astronomers held public star parties on Qeshm Island, south of Iran, and around 500 people enjoyed the beauty of the sky on those nights. A similar stargazing party attracted more than 150 people in Dubai.
A StarPeace event took place between India and Pakistan on February 9, during a penumbral lunar eclipse. An Indian astronomy group in Bhuj, India and a Pakistani astronomy group in Lahore, Pakistan held observing nights and astronomy speeches in SOS Children's Villages for young children.
In 2010, events were ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="20832888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832888" title="St. John the Divine Episcopal Church (Moorhead, Minnesota)">
St. John the Divine Episcopal Church (Moorhead, Minnesota)

St. John the Divine Episcopal Church, also known as St. John's Episcopal Church, is a church in Moorhead, Minnesota, United States. It was built 1898–99 in Shingle Style and is considered Moorhead's leading architectural landmark and one of Cass Gilbert's most interesting churches. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20832894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832894" title="Erfreut euch, ihr Herzen, BWV 66">
Erfreut euch, ihr Herzen, BWV 66

Erfreut euch, ihr Herzen (Rejoice, you hearts), BWV 66, is a church cantata for Easter by Johann Sebastian Bach. He composed it for the Second Day of Easter in Leipzig and first performed it on 10 April 1724. He based it on his congratulatory cantata , first performed in Köthen on 10 December 1718.
History and words.
The cantata is Bach's first composition for Easter in Leipzig. The day before, on Easter Sunday of 1724, he had performed . He derived the cantata for the Second Day of Easter ("") from his earlier secular work, the Serenata "" composed in Köthen. On the Third Day of Easter of 1724 he performed , which he derived in a similar way from , a cantata to celebrate the New Year's Day of 1719 in Köthen.
The prescribed readings for the feast day were from the Acts of the Apostles, the sermon of Peter (), and from the Gospel of Luke, the Road to Emmaus (). The unknown poet faced the problem that Bach's congratulatory cantata was written as a dialogue of tenor and alto. He kept the dialogue in three movements, in the middle section of the opening chorus and two duets, assigning the "roles" Hope ("", later "") and Fear ("", later "") to the voices. The text reflects these different reactions to the news of the Resurrection of Jesus, which might be attributed both, to the two disciples, discussing the events on their walk, and to the listener of the cantata.
Bach performed the cantata again in Leipzig on 26 March 1731 and probably on 11 April 1735.
Scoring and structure.
The cantata in six movements is festively scored for alto, tenor, and bass soloists, a four-part choir, trumpet, two oboes, two violins, viola and continuo] including bassoon.
Bach used the final movement of the early work for the opening movement of the Easter cantata, the following four movements remained in the same sequence, the other movements were replaced by a closing chorale.
Music.
The exuberant first movement was derived from the final movement of the secular cantata. It opens with a virtuoso orchestral introduction of 24 measures, depicting vital joy. First the alto shouts: "" (Rejoice, you hearts), the tenor continues "" (fade away, you sorrows), all voices proclaim in homophony: "" (the Savior lives and rules within you). The middle section is given mostly to alto and tenor, who illustrate mourning and fear in a sorrowful "series of poignant descending chromatic passages and suspensions", although the words speak of the chasing away these moods: "" (You can drive away mourning, fear, anxious despair). The continuo plays repeated "trembling" notes, a "heartbeat" as Bach used later in the tenor recitative of his "St Matthew Passion", "" (O pain! Here trembleth the tormented heart). Finally the choir enters, one voice after the other building a chord, gently adding words of consolation: "" (the Savior revives his spiritual kingdom). The instruments throw in motifs of the introduction, leading to the recapitulation of the first section. The movement has been termed "one of the longest and most exhilarating of Bach’s early works".
After a short recitative the bass continues with a general request to thank God in song, in an aria in dancing motion. The middle section juxtaposes a long note over six measures on "" (peace) and coloraturas on "" (live).
Movement four is begun by the tenor (Hope), who also wants to sing of victory and thanks (""). He starts it "" (My eye beholds the Savior reawakened), with a long melisma showing the reawakening. But already after one measure the alto (Fear) imitates the phrase on the words "" (No eye beholds ...). After singing together extendedly, the two different viewpoints are rendered in an argument, termed "a linear discourse as in conventional conversation", ended by the alto trying to believe: "" (I believe, but help my weakness).
In the following duet the voices are homophonic for most of the time, but with little rhythmical differences, showing their different attitude to the darkness of the grave (): the alto expresses "" (I truly fear) on steady long notes, whereas the tenor tells in ornamented figuration "" (I do not fear). In the continuation they also deviate only on one word, "" (lamented) in the alto, "" (hoped) in the tenor. The flowing 12/8 time signature of the duet and a virtuoso solo violin are reminiscent of the original purpose of the music in the congratulatory cantata. It is most fitting for the middle section of the da capo form, when both voices agree: "" (Now my heart is full of comfort).
The cantata is closed by the second part of the chorale "", starting with a threefold Alleluja. It was derived in the 12th century from the Easter sequence "Victimae paschali laudes", originally codified by Wipo of Burgundy around 1040. The verses underwent a substantial transformation by Martin Luther with the help of Johann Walter and were printed by Joseph Klug, Wittenberg, 1533. This is the only use by Bach of "Christ ist erstanden" in a vocal work, but he uses the related hymn "Christ lag in Todesbanden" elsewhere (in the cantata of the same name and "Der Friede sei mit dir", BWV 158).
Sources.
The first source is the score.
Several databases provide additional information on each cantata:

</doc>
<doc id="20832917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832917" title="Mind Over Ship">
Mind Over Ship

Mind Over Ship is a science fiction novel by David Marusek, released on January 20, 2009.
"Mind Over Ship" is a sequel to the 2005 Marusek novel "Counting Heads".

</doc>
<doc id="20832932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832932" title="Seguros Bolívar Open Cali">
Seguros Bolívar Open Cali

The Seguros Bolívar Open Cali is a tennis tournament held in Cali, Colombia. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20832941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832941" title="Sir William Dunn, 1st Baronet, of Clitheroe">
Sir William Dunn, 1st Baronet, of Clitheroe

Sir William Henry Dunn, 1st Baronet (8 October 1856 - 12 June 1926) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Dunn was born in Clitheroe, in Lancashire. He was married to Ellen Pawle in 1885 and they had one son and a daughter. 
By profession he was an auctioneer and surveyor, a Fellow of the Surveyors' Institution. He was a well-known figure in the business and civic life of the City of London. He was an Alderman of the City of London and Sheriff in 1906-1907. He was Lord Mayor of London in 1916-1917. He was also a Liveryman of several of the City Guilds and an officer in the Territorial Force.
He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Southwark West in the general election of January 1910, taking the seat from the sitting Liberal MP Richard Causton. However he lost the seat back to the Liberals in December 1910, losing to Edward Anthony Strauss.
He was knighted in 1907 and created a baronet in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20832948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832948" title="1999 Bob Jane T-Marts V8 300">
1999 Bob Jane T-Marts V8 300

The 1999 Bob Jane T-Marts V8 300 was a one-off touring car endurance race run by the Australian Racing Driver's Club at the Mount Panorama Circuit. It was held on 3 October 1999.
The race was held for a combination of the then new Future Touring Car class and by the former Superspeedway category called AUSCAR. Originally these two classes of cars were to take part in the race the became the 1999 Bob Jane T-Marts 500.
Class structure.
The race was held for a grid of Holden Commodores and Ford Falcons complying to one of two categories.
Class A was for AUSCAR stock cars, the Australised lower cost and lower specification interpretation of NASCAR.
Class B was for Bathurst Tourers, known previously as New Millennium AUSCARs and later known as Future Touring Cars. The category was invented to provide a road racing category for the AUSCAR stock cars, which were in decline in their home environment at the Calder Park Thunderdome, to be converted relatively inexpennsively into circuit racing touring cars.
Official results.
Results as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20832972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832972" title="Jonathan Duncan">
Jonathan Duncan

Jonathan Duncan may refer to:
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20832982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832982" title="Jasen, Domžale">
Jasen, Domžale

Jasen is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20832986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832986" title="Strauss v. Horton">
Strauss v. Horton

Strauss v. Horton 46 Cal.4th 364, 93 Cal.Rptr.3d 591, 207 P.3d 48, was the consolidation of three lawsuits following the passage of California's Proposition 8 on November 4, 2008, which went into effect on November 5. The suits were filed by a number of gay couples and governmental entities. Three of these six were accepted by the Supreme Court of California to be heard together. The oral arguments were made in San Francisco on March 5, 2009. These cases were new to the California Supreme Court, and Justice Kathryn Mickle Werdegar stated that it will set precedent as "no previous case had presented the question of whether an initiative could be used to take away fundamental rights".
The court rendered its decision on May 26, 2009. The ruling established that Proposition 8 was valid as voted, but that marriages performed before it went into effect would remain valid. On June 26, 2013, "Strauss v. Horton" was mooted by "Hollingsworth v. Perry".
Background.
On November 13, 2008, the California Supreme Court asked state Attorney General Jerry Brown to reply by November 17, 2008, to a number of lawsuits challenging the voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage. The filing the court requested from the Attorney General was not to address the ballot measure's validity, but to focus on whether the justices should accept the suits for review and whether Proposition 8 should be suspended while they decide the case, said Christopher Krueger, a senior assistant attorney general.
On November 17, 2008, the Attorney General urged the court to hear these cases in order to decide the important legal issues presented, but also argued that the court should not suspend Proposition 8.
On November 19, 2008, the California Supreme Court accepted three lawsuits ("Strauss et al. v. Horton", Tyler et al. v. State of California et al., and City and County of San Francisco et al. v. Horton et al.) challenging Proposition 8 and said that it would hear the cases together, but denied the requests to stay its enforcement. Three additional lawsuits ("Asian Pacific American Legal Center et al. v. Horton et al.", "Equal Rights Advocates and California Women's Law Center v. Horton et al.", and "California Council of Churches et al. v. Horton et al.") on the matter were denied hearing, but those petitioners were invited by the court to file amicus briefs in the cases which were accepted.
Issues.
Whether Proposition 8 is a revision.
The lawsuits claimed that revoking the right of same-sex couples to marry is a constitutional "revision" rather than an "amendment". In California, both constitutional "amendments" and "revisions" require that a majority of voters approve the ballot initiative. However, a "revision", defined as a "substantial alteration of the entire constitution rather than to a less extensive change in one or more of its provisions," also requires the prior approval of 2/3 of each house of the California State Legislature.
Erwin Chemerinsky, the dean of the law school at the University of California, Irvine, stated, "the California Supreme Court has never articulated criteria for what makes something an amendment versus a revision. So I don’t think you can predict anything because there is so little law."
Claims made on similar grounds with respect to other constitutional changes have in some cases taken years to be adjudicated, and almost all have failed. Kenji Yoshino, an openly gay man who serves as the Chief Justice Earl Warren Professor of Constitutional Law at New York University School of Law, cast doubt on the "revision" argument, stating that "for both precedential and political reasons, I think this case is a loser."
Whether Proposition 8 violates separation of powers.
Like the United States Constitution, the California Constitution employs the concept of separation of powers. The lawsuits argue that the protection of minority groups via the Constitution and the Bill of Rights is inherently a judiciary function, which cannot be overturned by the legislative branch of government, and therefore cannot be overturned by the initiative-amendment process.
Whether Proposition 8 invalidates existing marriages.
A pending legal issue was whether the approximately 18,000 same-sex marriages already in effect would be retroactively annulled by the constitutional change or whether they would be preserved, since the amendment does not state explicitly that it would nullify same-sex marriages performed before the change took effect. California Attorney General Jerry Brown said that existing same-sex marriages would be unaffected, but other legal experts were uncertain. On December 19, 2008, supporters of Prop. 8 filed briefs responding to each of the anti-Prop. 8 lawsuits already filed with the State Supreme Court and seeking to nullify same-sex marriages already in effect.
Whether voters can override inalienable rights.
The Attorney General's response to the lawsuits included a new argument that the Court should overturn Proposition 8. That brief contends that California's initiative-amendment process does not give voters the right to overturn rights in California's Declaration of Rights without a "compelling justification".
Involved parties.
Petitioners.
Plaintiffs in the three lawsuits included same-sex couples who had married or planned to marry, represented by the same legal team that argued and won In re Marriage Cases, Lambda Legal, the National Center for Lesbian Rights, and the ACLU of Northern California, as well as the cities of San Francisco and Los Angeles, and the county of Santa Clara. The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors voted to join the lawsuit filed by the City of Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Santa Clara County, the four becoming the first governmental entities in the United States to sue for marriage equality for homosexual couples. This lawsuit was subsequently joined by Alameda, Marin, San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties, and the cities of Fremont, Laguna Beach, Oakland, San Diego, Santa Cruz, Santa Monica and Sebastopol. The petitioners were represented by San Francisco City Attorney Therese M. Stewart.
Respondents.
As the respondents in these cases were the State of California and some of its officials in their official capacity, California Attorney General Jerry Brown and his office were the primary individuals charged with responding to the lawsuit. Other respondents include Mark B. Horton of the State Registrar of Vital Statistics and Linette Scott of the California Department of Public Health.
On December 19, 2008, the Attorney General's office filed its response, whose final section supported overturning Proposition 8. The brief argued that:
In discussing the last section of the answer brief, the Attorney General explained, "Proposition 8 violates constitutionally protected liberties. There are certain rights that are not to be subject to popular votes, otherwise they are not fundamental rights. If every fundamental liberty can be stripped away by a majority vote, then it's not a fundamental liberty."
According to the "San Jose Mercury News", Brown's argument for overturning Proposition 8 left Proposition 8 supporters legally isolated because the Attorney General would normally defend existing state laws. Brown responded to this noting that the California Constitution also constitutes existing state law.
Intervenors.
ProtectMarriage.com, the sponsors of Proposition 8, asked for permission to intervene in the cases.
On November 19, 2008, the Court granted permission for them to do so.
The Campaign for California Families, a conservative religious organization, also asked the court for permission to become an official party to all three cases. The group unsuccessfully sought to place a same-sex marriage ban on the November ballot that also would have denied domestic partner benefits to same-sex couples. Represented by the Florida-based Liberty Counsel, the Campaign said in its motion to intervene that state officials would not adequately defend the rights of voters. On November 19, 2008, the Court denied permission for CCF to intervene in the cases.
On December 19, 2008, the official proponents of Proposition 8 filed briefs responding to each of the anti-Prop. 8 lawsuits already filed with the court, seeking to uphold the validity of Proposition 8 against the lawsuits and nullify same-sex marriages already in effect. Kenneth Starr, dean of Pepperdine University School of Law and investigator of the suicide of Vince Foster and Whitewater controversy, joined the Proposition 8 legal defence team that same day.
Amici.
By January 19, 2009, sixty amicus curiae letters had been sent to the Court and posted on the Court's web site, 43 in opposition to all or part of Proposition 8, 17 in support.
Forty-four members of the California Legislature (about one-third of its membership) filed an amicus curiae brief in support of one of the three lawsuits. The Anti-Defamation League, the Bar Association of San Francisco, and three other legal or civil rights groups also submitted letters supporting efforts to get the court to delay implementation of Proposition 8.
Oral arguments.
Oral arguments took place on March 5, 2009, at the Supreme Court's headquarters in San Francisco, while thousands from both sides protested outside. A television screen had been set up, displaying live shots from the proceedings within the court.
Kenneth Starr, lawyer for ProtectMarriage.com, argued that "Prop. 8 was a modest measure that left the rights of same-sex couples undisturbed under California's domestic-partner laws and other statutes banning discrimination based on sexual orientation," to the agreement of most of the judges. Chief Justice Ronald M. George, however, said, "It is just too easy to amend the California Constitution." Starr's argument was challenged in and out of court by two members of his own faculty who argued the court had an obligation to secure both equality and religious freedom, and majorities cannot assume to have the power to deprive minorities of fundamental rights. On this view, if these two fundamental rights clash, the government should get out of the marriage business altogether.
The main issue which arose during the oral argument included the meaning of the word "inalienable", and to which extent this word goes when used in Article I of the Californian Constitution. Christopher Krueger of the Attorney General's office said that inalienable rights may not be stripped away by the initiative process. Those claims were rebuffed by Attorney Kenneth Starr, who said, "rights are important, but they don't go to structure. ... rights are ultimately defined by the people."
Decision.
The Supreme Court reported on May 22 that it would reach a verdict on the validity of Proposition 8 and the 18,000 same-sex marriages in question on Tuesday, May 26 at 10:00am. Because of the Memorial Day holiday, the court released its opinion on a Tuesday instead of Monday, as is traditional.
Majority opinion.
On May 26, 2009 the California Supreme Court reported its decision on the validity of Proposition 8 and the 18,000 same-sex marriages in question. The proposition was upheld, but existing marriages were allowed to stand. Both the majority and Justice Werdegard emphasized that the ruling applied specifically to the use of the designation "Marriage", and that the ruling left the domestic partnership institution as well as several protections from "In re Marriage Cases" completely unaffected. The majority opinion stated: 
The Attorney General’s contention ... rests inaccurately upon an overstatement of the effect of Proposition 8 on both the fundamental constitutional right of privacy guaranteed by article I, section 1, and on the due process and equal protection guarantees of article I, section 7. As explained below, Proposition 8 does not abrogate any of these state constitutional rights, but instead carves out a narrow exception applicable only to access to the designation of the term “marriage,” but not to any other of “the core set of basic substantive legal rights and attributes traditionally associated with marriage . . .”
The majority also noted that "Proposition 8 must be understood as creating a limited exception to the state equal protection clause."
Concurrence.
Justices Kennard and Werdegar filed concurring opinions. Kennard noted primarily that whereas "interpretation" of the law is a Judicial power, "alteration" is not, and as the proposal altered the language to be interpreted, it could not possibly violate the separation of powers. Werdegar considered that much of the argumentation of the majority regarding the difference between a "revision" and an "amendment" was flawed, expressing specific concern that the ruling "gives the foundational principles of social organization in free societies, such as equal protection, less protection from hasty, unconsidered change than principles of governmental organization."
Dissent.
Justice Moreno's dissent agreed with the petitioners' contention that "requiring discrimination against a minority group on the basis of a suspect classification strikes at the core of the promise of equality that underlies our California Constitution" and thus should be considered a revision.
Citing "Varnum v. Brien", Moreno stated that "equal protection principles lie at the core of the California Constitution and have been embodied in that document from its inception," and that "As a logical matter, equal protection clause cannot depend on the will of the majority for its enforcement, for it is the will of the majority against which the equal protection clause is designed to protect." He concurred with the majority over the fact that the 18,000 valid marriages before Proposition 8 would remain (thus, Proposition 8 is not retroactive), as well as concurring with the majority opinion that "Proposition 8 does not entirely repeal or abrogate a same-sex couple’s substantive state constitutional right to marry as set forth in the "Marriage Cases"." Despite this, he dissented on the major question at issue and stated that Proposition 8 was indeed a constitutional revision that required a two-third legislative vote, citing article 18 of the California Constitution and the history of the constitutional provisions for amendments and revisions.
Demonstrations and events.
While oral arguments were ongoing within the court house in San Francisco, protests took place outside, with both sides sharing their views.
On March 2, 2009, the California State Senate passed a resolution opposing Proposition 8, saying that "the initiative is a fundamental revision to the document, not an amendment, and therefore required deliberation by the Legislature and a two-thirds vote of both houses to put it on the ballot." The California State Assembly passed an essentially identical resolution the same day.
On May 8, a "Meet in the Middle" march and rally took place in Fresno in an effort to sway Central California voters to support same-sex marriage, because they had "voted overwhelmingly for the ban".
"Day of Decision" protests or celebrations by supporters of same-sex marriage were planned for the evening of May 26, 2009, following the scheduled release of the Supreme Court decision; these events will take place across California, as well as in major cities in the United States and Canada. San Francisco City Attorney, Dennis Herrera, said that while it he was disappointed by the court's decision, it shows that the final round "could not be won in the legal arena". He vowed to fight in the ballot box in 2010.
Proposition 8 supporters also planned to respond to the court ruling with public gatherings; Fresno pastor Jim Franklin, a leading opponent of same-sex marriage, opined that "if it were to go against the people, then there really should be rioting in the streets."

</doc>
<doc id="20832993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832993" title="Alathur Brothers">
Alathur Brothers

Alathur Brothers Srinivasa Iyer (1911-1980) & Sivasubramania Iyer (1916-1965) were Carnatic vocalists. The world of Carnatic music knows them as the star duo of the twentieth century. 
They learnt under Alathur Venkatesa Iyer, the father of Sivasubramania Iyer. They were not brothers by birth. 
They gave their first concert at Thyagaraja Aradhana festival in Thiruvaiyaru in 1928. Following the grand tradition set by their guru, the duo excelled in the authentic version of Carnatic music bringing together its technicalities to develop a taste for this patantara in the audience, both the experts and the laymen, alike. 
Combining the strengths of various aspects of Carnatic music, they established a style of music for themselves. Their music was the result of arduous training, conscious evolution of the Lakshya and Lakshana aspects, unique to Carnatic music and inspiration drawn from many a colossus of bygone era in Carnatic music. Known to the world to have presented many a complicate "pallavi" replete with all its mathematical permutations and combinations of usages, they had mastered "Laya" at a young age, imbibing the art from their Guru. Not many know though that another stalwart of Carnatic music, Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer had once commented that the kind of "Jeevan" or life the brothers enthused in the very same compositions others sang on the concert platform was hard to enunciate and almost incomparable. 
The finesse and authority with which they handled compositions like Vidulaku Mrokeda (Mayamalavagowla, Tyagaraja), Mari Mari Ninne (Kambhoji, Tyagaraja), Epapamu (Atana, Tyagaraja), Shantamu Lekha (Sama, Tyagaraja), Kalinarula (Kuntalavarali, Tyagaraja), Koniyadina (Kambhoji, Veena Kuppaiyer), Shree Matha Shiva (Begada, Muthuswami Dikshitar), Kanulara Kanti (Danyasi, Wallajahpet Venkatramana Bhagavatar) were essays into the very depths of the most authentic of Carnatic music. 
Compositions in Tamil like Sivanai Ninaindhavar (Hindolam, Kavikunjara Bharathi) sparkled in their exposition. Exclusive Tiruppugazh concerts were a regular with them.
The Alathur brothers performed with most of the star accompanists of the world of Carnatic music. On the violin, earlier they were accompanied by Thiruvalangadu Sundaresa Iyer, Mayavaram Govindaraja Pillai, Kumbakonam Rajamanickam Pillai, Mysore T. Chowdiah among others. Later T. N. Krishnan and Lalgudi G. Jayaraman accompanied them in most of their concerts while Kandadevi Azhagirisami accompanied them in a few. 
In the earliest of their concerts, mostly in and around Tiruchirapalli, the veteran mridangam exponent, Pudukottai Dakshinamoorthy Pillai accompanied them. It was he who introduced Pazhani Subramania Pillai, son of Pazhani Muthiah Pillai, himself a close friend of Alathur Venkatesa Iyer, to them. Their regular concerts in Tanjore and later in Madras had brought to them the Mridangam maestro Palghat Mani Iyer. From then onwards their concerts were either with Pazhani Subramania Pillai on the mridangam or an incomparable combination of Mani Iyer on the mridangam and Pillai on the Kanjira. It is said that the brothers were at their peak form essaying mind-boggling Pallavis with Lalgudi Jayaraman on the violin to provide answer to their exulting calculations and Mani Iyer and Pillai to take it further on to a different plane altogether with their solo versions, Thaniavardhanam. 
From 1944 to 1968 the brothers were the court musicians for the Maharajah of Travancore.

</doc>
<doc id="20832999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20832999" title="1995 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
1995 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 1995 Asian Women's Handball Championship, the 5th Asian Championship, which was taking place from May 6 to May 8, 1995 in Seoul, South Korea. It acts as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 1995 World Women's Handball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20833003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833003" title="Corozo">
Corozo

Corozo may refer to:
Places:
Plants:
People:

</doc>
<doc id="20833006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833006" title="Clyde Alves">
Clyde Alves

Clyde Alves is a Canadian dancer, actor and singer. Clyde appeared on Broadway in "The Music Man" in the Susan Stroman revival (2000) as Tommy Djilas, winning the Fred Astaire Award for Best Male Dancer. Clyde repeated his role in the ABC television special of "The Music Man" which aired in 2003. 
He has also appeared on Broadway in "Wicked", "Hairspray", "Oklahoma!" as Jess (2002) and as Mike in the 2008-09 tour of "A Chorus Line". Alves also appeared in the Off-Broadway hit "Boobs! The Musical" and Altar Boyz as Juan. Alves is current appearing in the Tony winning revival of "Anything Goes" with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He is married to Robyn Hurder.
References.
Jones, Kenneth Dec. 19th, 2003 "Boobs! The Musical Busts Its Way Into NYC Theatre District Dec. 19; Clyde Alves Joins Cast" http://www5.playbill.com/news/article/83375 Playbill

</doc>
<doc id="20833015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833015" title="Ordenspalais">
Ordenspalais

The Ordenspalais ("Palace of the ]") was a building on the northern corner of Wilhelmplatz with Wilhelmstraße in Berlin (now in Berlin-Mitte). 
Erection of the building at Wilhelmplatz No. 7/8 began in 1737 as the residence of the Prussian Major General Karl Ludwig, Count of Waldburg-Capustigall, who died the next year. By command of King Frederick William I of Prussia, the palace was finished by the Order of Saint John (the "Johanniterorden") according to plans by Carl Friedrich Richter, who also designed the neighbouring "Palais Schulenburg" (later the German Reich Chancellery). From 1738, the palace was the principal residence of the "Herrenmeister" ("Master of the Knights"), chief of the Order, and housed the Berlin legation of the Order. The palace later was renamed for Prince Augustus Ferdinand of Prussia, who was "Herrenmeister" from 1763 to 1811.
The Kingdom of Prussia took over the building in 1811, upon the dissolution of the Order by a government desperate for funds in the midst of the Napoleonic Wars, and the building thereafter housed several governmental agencies before Prince Charles of Prussia made it his residence in 1829. He had the palace remodeled in a Neoclassical style according to plans by Karl Friedrich Schinkel, with an annex built by Friedrich August Stüler. In 1853, the building, now numbered Wilhelmplatz No. 8/9, saw the solemn restoration of the "Johanniterorden" and Prince Charles's installation as the new "Herrenmeister". After his death in 1883, the palace remained the residence of Prince Charles's descendants Princes Frederick Charles and Friedrich Leopold of Prussia.
After World War I and the fall of the Prussian monarchy, the palace became the subject of a lengthy lawsuit between the House of Hohenzollern and the Free State of Prussia. The palace remained empty until the German government made it the offices of the united press department of the "Reichsregierung" and the Foreign Office, which held daily press conferences here. In March of 1933, the building became the headquarters of the Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda led by Joseph Goebbels. During his tenure, the building was again enlarged, with Stüler's annex extended and rebuilt until 1940. 
The "Ordenspalais" itself was destroyed in the last months of World War II. The annex, renumbered Wilhelmstraße No. 49, survived and from 1947 was the seat of the East German National Front organization. Since 1999, the building has held the main offices of the German Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20833020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833020" title="Kokošnje">
Kokošnje

Kokošnje is a settlement of around 30 houses east of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20833023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833023" title="Mimetes hirtus">
Mimetes hirtus

Mimetes hirtus, also known by the names marsh pagoda, red and yellow bottlebrush, tall pagoda, hairy mimetes, and pineapple bush, is a member of the Proteaceae family. It is endemic to the Cape Floral Region of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20833031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833031" title="Moussa Dadis Camara">
Moussa Dadis Camara

Captain Moussa Dadis Camara (born 1 January 1964 or 29 December 1968) now called Moïse Dadis Camara is an ex-officer of the Guinean army who served as the President of the Republic of Guinea's National Council for Democracy and Development ("Conseil National de la Démocratie et du Développement", CNDD), which seized power in a military "coup d'état" on 23 December 2008 after the death of long-time President and dictator Lansana Conté. He has been out of office since the assassination attempt on him on 3 December 2009.
Early life.
Moussa Dadis Camara was born in 1964 in the remote town of Kouré, Lola Prefecture, in the Guinée Forestière region of southeastern Guinea, near the border with Côte d'Ivoire and Liberia. He is a member of the Kpelle ethnic group (known in Guinea as Guerze). Dadis attended primary and secondary school in Nzérékoré, about 24 miles (40 km) away from his birth-town of Kouré. He studied law and economics at Abdel Nasser University in the capital, Conakry. He is a Christian convert from Islam. Dadis speaks five languages: French, Kpelle, Susu, Maninka and German.
He joined the Army of Guinea in 1990 as a corporal and was later appointed as the Chief of Fuels at the Guinean army base in Kindia, about 60 miles northeast of Conakry. From 2001 to 2002, Dadis was sent to Sierra Leone as a member of the United Nations' peacekeeping troops. In 2004, President Conté sent Dadis, along with several other Guinean soldiers, to Bremen, Germany, for 18 months’ military training. In November 2008, he was named head of the Guinean army's fuel supplies unit, a branch of the Guinean Minister of Defense's cabinet. He was one of the leading mutineers in the 2008 Guinean military unrest. Prior to the December 2008 "coup", he was not well known by the general population.
Christmas "coup".
In the early hours of 23 December 2008, Aboubacar Somparé, the President of the National Assembly, announced on television that Conté had died because of illness on 22 December. According to the constitution, the President of the National Assembly was to assume the Presidency of the Republic in the event of a vacancy, and a new presidential election was to be held within 60 days.
Six hours after Somparé announced Conté's death, a statement was read on television announcing a military "coup d'état". This statement, read by Captain Camara on behalf of the CNDD, said that "the government and the institutions of the Republic have been dissolved". The statement also announced the suspension of the constitution "as well as political and union activity". Guinean national radio began playing the song "Armée Guinéenne" repeatedly. According to Camara, the "coup" was necessary because of Guinea's "deep despair" amidst rampant poverty and corruption, and he said that the existing institutions were "incapable of resolving the crises which have been confronting the country." Furthermore, Camara said that someone from the military would become President, while a civilian would be appointed as Prime Minister at the head of a new government that would be ethnically balanced. The National Council for Democracy and Development would, according to Camara, include 26 officers as well as six civilians.
A statement was read over the radio on 24 December 2008, announcing that Captain Camara was the President of the CNDD. Later in the day, Camara and thousands of soldiers loyal to him paraded through the city, surrounded by large numbers of civilian supporters. According to Camara, he "came to see if the terrain is favorable to us", declaring that the large crowds indicated that the people were indeed supportive of the "coup". Also on 24 December, Camara said in a radio broadcast that the CNDD did not want to stay in power indefinitely and that it intended to lead the country for two years, promising "credible and transparent presidential elections by the end of December 2010". This contradicted an earlier statement which promised an election within the constitutionally mandated period of 60 days.
Speaking on the radio on 25 December, Camara said that he did not plan to run for President at the end of the two year transitional period. He also declared that the CNDD was not susceptible to bribes. According to Camara, people had "startto show up with bags of money to try to corrupt us. They’ve tried to give money to our wives and cars to our children." He warned that he would "personally go after anyone that tries to corrupt us".
The Associated Press reported that Camara's tenureship was quickly challenged by soldiers of Sekouba Konate, in one of the capital's barracks. Camara, Konate, and a third unknown officer then drew lots, twice, to determine who would lead, with Camara winning both times. 
On 25 December 2008, the Prime Minister under the previous régime, Ahmed Tidiane Souaré, pledged loyalty to Camara, thus further consolidating the latter's rule. On 22 March 2009, Souaré was arrested and held in a military prison, along with two Mines Ministers (recalling that Guinea is the world's largest exporter of bauxite, the necessary ore for aluminum).
28 September Atrocity.
On 28 September 2009, opposition party members demonstrated in the Stade du 28 Septembre in Conakry, demanding that Camara step down. Although many branches of security forces were involved, the presidential guard "Red Berets", led by Abubakar "Toumba" Diakite, were responsible for the violence, firing on, knifing, bayonetting, and gang-raping the fleeing civilians, killing at least 157 people(U.N) and injuring at least 1,200 not just in the stadium but as many fled on streets. In response to criticism from international human rights organisations, the government has said that only 56 people died and most were trampled by fleeing protesters. Following the event, cell phone photos from anonymous sources circulated on the Internet, showing what appears to be many women being raped by Camara's soldiers. Few women have spoken up about the attacks against them because of a societal stigma against the victims of sexual assault. However, Doctors Without Borders has confirmed that they have treated several rape and sexual violence victims of the incident. For a people already accustomed to violence, the rapes were nonetheless especially shocking as they took place in the open space, under broad daylight, and were horrifically violent and often mortal. According to numerous witness accounts, women were horrendously gang-raped using gun barrels and other objects. Some were raped then shot with the rifle barrel in their vaginas. The International Criminal Court is currently investigating the incident and the African Union has asked for Camara's resignation. 
In response to the incident, the Economic Community of West African States imposed an arms embargo on Guinea. The African Union, the European Union and the United States punished Moussa Dadis Camara and forty-one other junta members in late October 2009. The African Union imposed a travel ban and froze any bank accounts owned by the forty-two. The European Union did the same a day earlier. The United States opted for a travel ban alone. The African Union's commissioner for peace and security said the sanctions were intended to punish the junta and would not affect areas such as trade which may impact on the lives of ordinary citizens.
Assassination attempt.
On 3 December 2009, Camara was shot by men under the command of his aide-de-camp, Abubakar "Toumba" Diakite. A government spokesman (Idrissa Cherif) said he was only lightly wounded, but anonymous junta officials said Camara was in a serious condition after being shot in the head. Camara's bodyguard and driver were killed in the attack.
On 4 December the "New York Times"'s sources suggested that Camara had in fact left the country for medical treatment in Morocco, amidst claims by officials that he was not in serious condition. 
Vice-President (and defense minister) Sékouba Konaté flew back from Lebanon to run the country. Diakite is still in hiding.
On January 12, 2010 Camara was flown to Burkina Faso. After meeting in Ouagadougou on January 13 and 14, Camara, Konaté and Blaise Compaoré, President of Burkina Faso, produced a formal statement of twelve principles promising a return of Guinea to civilian rule within six months. It was agreed that the military would not contest the forthcoming elections, and Camara would continue his convalescence outside Guinea. On 21 January 2010 the military junta appointed Jean-Marie Doré as Prime Minister of a six-month transition government, leading up to elections.
On December 17, 2009 a United States diplomatic agent sent information that Camara's health was "not expected to return fully to 
previous state" following the assassination attempt. Possible plans for restoring order were discussed.

</doc>
<doc id="20833032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833032" title="Dirty Epics">
Dirty Epics

Dirty Epics are a four-piece Irish New Wave band formed in Greystones, County Wicklow, but now resided in Dublin. They are composed of vocalist Sarah Jane (SJ) Wai, bassist Richard Power, guitarist Darren McCoy and drummer Gary Nethaway and are managed by Nadine O'Flynn. They have performed at numerous festivals and television shows. These include Oxegen 2007 Oxegen 2008 and Oxegen 2009, Indie-pendence, Solas Festival, Hard Working Class Heroes, Miss Ireland, SXSW 2009, MUSEXPO Europe, The Craic Festival NY 2009, SXSW 2010 and on "The Once a Week Show", "The Cafe", "The Raw Sessions" "The Podge and Rodge Show" and, on radio, Alison Curtis's 2008 Christmas Special. Chinese New Year in Dublin 2011.
Dirty Epics are known for songs such as "The Cure" and "White Out". Their debut album, "Straight In No Kissing", was released in 2008 and the band signed a distribution deal with Universal Music Group for it. In 2009, they competed in "The Raw Sessions", progressing to the final. In 2010, one of their songs featured in British teen drama "Skins" and the band returned to SXSW.
Musical style.
The sound of Dirty Epics has been described as "a mix of the New York Dolls, Joy Division and the Pixies with Bob Dylan". They are known for their "buzzing guitars, powerful vocals, and a driving drum and bass section". The "Irish Independent" described the effect on the pulse of a combination of "urgent drums and guitars" alongside the "scattergun screech" of Sarah Jane Wai O'Flynn. SJ Wai counts her stylistic influences as including Debbie Harry of Blondie, describing her as "a true original who perfectly balanced a punkrock image with glamorous beauty".
Career.
Foundations.
The band formed during their school days, when Wai, Farrell and Power first made collective use of their skills as musicians and songwriters. Delaney resided in a town "far far away" but met his three future bandmates and after which Dirty Epics were formed. New Yorker Vince Lim joined the band in late 2009 as guitarist. Darren McCoy joined then in late 2010 as guitarist. Darren, an old friend of the bands from Roundwood, Co. Wicklow. 
Dirty Epics started writing and recording in 2005 where a demo of "The Cure" was reviewed in "Hot Press" by Jackie Hayden. They had their "Launch Gig" at Crawdaddy in April 2007. This was voted “Gig of the Week” by "The Irish Times"s weekly music supplement "The Ticket". They have also supported The Rapture at Tripod in Dublin and performed with Republic of Loose in The Academy, as well as The Coronas at the same venue. In early 2009 the band embarked on a tour of the United States, performing in destinations such as New York, Texas and Los Angeles. In a piece for independent.ie, the band perhaps jokingly said that they have used several cost-saving initiatives, including buying less batteries for their guitar effects pedals, less guitar strings and have also stated that they have restricted themselves to two strippers each per show.
Festival appearances.
Dirty Epics performed as the second act (between myokhotel and The Milk Teeth) on the New Bands Tent at Oxegen on 7 July 2007. They returned the following year where they opened the Green Room Stage at 17:00 on 11 July 2008 just before The Kinetiks. Dirty Epics performed at Indie-pendence in August 2008. On 16 August 2008, the band played the Solas Stage at Solas Festival in County Carlow. They have also played Hard Working Class Heroes and Miss Ireland. They participated in the Arthur's Day events in Dublin on 24 September 2009 and in 2011 they played an open venue concert in Dublin to celebrate Chinese Ney Year.
On 19 March 2010, Dirty Epics performed at the Irish Breakfast Showcase held at SXSW. It was around this time that the single "I Heart You" was released and new guitarist Vince Lim joined the band. They returned to Dublin to support OneRepublic.
Dirty Epics performed at Guinness Arthur's Day 2010 in Whelans with Brandon Flowers and in The George Pub with the Hoosiers.
Media appearances.
On 29 March 2008, Dirty Epics appeared on "The Once a Week Show" alongside guests Leanne Moore, singer and Pamela Flood, model and television presenter. They performed "The Cure". On 30 October 2008 the band appeared on "The Cafe" alongside guests George Lee, economist and Lucy Kennedy, television presenter. They performed the song "Way Too Pretty". On 17 December the band performed at Whelan's as part of Alison Curtis's Christmas Special on Today FM. On Monday 9 February 2009 they performed on thye podge and rodge show, taking part in their competition Rocin' Roulette. They also performed on UTV's "Live at the Limelight" on the 25th of February 2009. Dirty Epics also appeared on RTÉ Two's "The Raw Sessions", progressing to the final with their song "All Time Favourite".
The song "We're Coming Up" featured in the final episode of the current series of British teen drama "Skins" on E4 on 18 March 2010.
Members.
SJ Wai - Vocals<br>
Darren McCoy - Guitar<br>
Richard Power - Bass<br>
Gary Nethaway - Drums
Discography.
Dirty Epics have definitely released the singles "The Cure" (released 7 March 2008) and "Way Too Pretty" (released 3 October 2008) and also possess the songs "Overrated" and "Pony". Their debut album, "Straight In No Kissing" (produced by Dave Morgan and Gareth Mannix) was released on 31 October 2008.
They contributed to the 2009 charity album, "Sparks n' Mind", released in aid of Aware, performing a cover version of the Portishead song, "Glory Box".
They also played at Presentation College, Terenure's Fashion Show and Design Competition in February 2009 for the Marie Keating Foundation for breast cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20833033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833033" title="William Foot Mitchell">
William Foot Mitchell

William Foot Mitchell (26 June 1859 – 31 July 1947) was a Conservative Party politician in England.
He was elected to the House of Commons at the January 1910 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Dartford, beating the sitting Liberal-Labour MP James Rowlands. However, Rowlands regained the seat at the December 1910 general election.
Mitchell did not contest the 1918 general election, but at the 1922 general election he was elected as MP for Saffron Walden. He held the seat until he stood down at the 1929 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20833035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833035" title="Allopeas">
Allopeas

Allopeas, common name the "awl snails", is a genus of small, tropical, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.
Species.
The genus "Allopeas" includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20833077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833077" title="The Devil's Chair (urban legend)">
The Devil's Chair (urban legend)

The term devil’s chair (or "haunted chair") in folklore is frequently attached to a class of funerary or memorial sculpture common in the United States during the nineteenth century and often associated with legend tripping. Nineteenth century graveyards sometimes included carved chairs for the comfort of visitors. In this function, the object was known as a "mourning chair," and cemeteries have since provided benches for similar purposes, most often movable units of the type used in parks, but also specimens in the tradition of the carved chairs. 
Some carved chairs were probably not intended for use as anything but monuments, while the "monubench" is still commercially available. Once the original purpose of these chairs fell out of fashion, superstitions developed in association with the act of sitting in them. In a typical example, local young people dare one another to visit the site, most often after dark, at midnight, or on some specified night such as Halloween or New Year’s Eve. Variously, the stories suggest the person brave enough to sit in the chair at such a time may be punished for impudence or rewarded for courage.
Ulverston, Cumbria, England.
The Devil's Chair or Devil's Armchair in Ulverston is an ambiguous chair that appears to have been carved in to a small rocky terrain, which is used for climbing, near the monument Hoad in Ulverston. Sometimes the rock 'wall' itself is referred to as the Devil's Armchair but that is because at the top there is a "chair" large enough for four adults to sit in which is carved into the rock surface. Naturally or not, no-one knows.
Shropshire Hills, England.
The devil's chair here is a natural large craggy outcrop on the summit of the Stiperstones, a narrow north to south orientated ridge of the highest ground of the range, the Shropshire Hills AONB.
Florida.
The Devil's Chair in Cassadaga, Florida is a graveside bench in the cemetery that borders Cassadaga and Lake Helen. According to one local legend, an unopened can of beer left on the chair will be empty by morning. In some accounts, the can is opened, and in others, the beer is simply gone, through the unopened top. The Devil is sometimes said to appear to anyone so bold as to sit in the chair.
Illinois.
The Haunted Chair of Greenwood Cemetery, Decatur, IL.
Iowa.
The Devil's Chair in Guthrie Center, Iowa, is a cement-cast chair located in Union Cemetery, situated between two graves and unmarked as belonging to either. Local legend claims that bad luck will follow anyone who sits in it. While the cemetery itself was established as a private burial ground in 1885, the legend of the chair is only documented for approximately thirty years.
Missouri.
The Devil's Chair in the Highland Park Cemetery of Kirksville, Missouri is the work of a marble cutter, John C. Baird, and is involved in "numerous legends of a type widely replicated across the U.S., especially in rural and small-town communities, and beloved of young people... Some versions say that something dreadful will happen to the person so bold as to be seated in it at midnight (or on a particular evening, such as Halloween) -- a hand will emerge from the grave and drag the impious one down to the underworld. Other versions suggest the intrepid one will be rewarded."
New York.
Oakwood Cemetery in Syracuse, NY contains a child-sized specimen.
Ohio.
The Duncan monument in the Fletcher Cemetery, Fletcher, OH appears to be a carved headstone rather than a mourning chair intended for use by cemetery visitors.
Vermont.
"The Empty Chair" in Hope Cemetery, Barre, VT is actually a sculpted gravestone rather than being intended as a seat. However, the usual legends have grown up around it.
Italy.
The lore may not be exclusive to the United States. In Torcello, the "throne of Attila" was probably in fact a magistrate's seat; local legend claims that a girl who sits in it will be married within a year.

</doc>
<doc id="20833079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833079" title="Agrostis densiflora">
Agrostis densiflora

Agrostis densiflora is a species of grass known by the common name California bent grass. It is endemic to the coast of northern and central California, where it grows in habitat along the immediate coastline, such as dunes and bluffs. It is a perennial grass growing in tufts between 10 and 85 centimeters tall. The small inflorescence is a few centimeters long and is a dense, cylindrical array of tiny spikelets, each up to about 3 millimeters in length. 

</doc>
<doc id="20833084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833084" title="Opeas">
Opeas

Opeas is a genus of small, tropical, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae. 
"Opeas" is the type genus of the subfamily Opeatinae.
Species.
The genus "Opeas" includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20833092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833092" title="Route 666 (Helltrain album)">
Route 666 (Helltrain album)

Route 666 is the debut album by Swedish metal band Helltrain. It was released March 21, 2006 on Jimmy Franks Recording Company label.
Track listing.
1. Route 666 - 3:59 <br> 
2. The Helltrain Coven - 4:06 <br>
3. S.O.S. - 3:43 <br>
4. Afterglow - 3:40 <br>
5. Polizei - 3:34 <br>
6. Sleepless - 3:52 <br>
7. Tombstone - 4:13 <br>
8. Kingsize - 3:34 <br>
9. Rot 'N' Roll - 3:13 <br>
10. Rat Pack - 3:55 <br>
11. Helltrain - 3:37 
Meaning.
"Route 666 is sort of the Helltrain version of Highway to hell. Lots of irony and dark humor in it, a chorus part that goes: "I am the bastard son, evil inborn, Satan in tip-top, from head to toe, just look at me sense my blitz, down riding route 666."
"The Helltrain Coven is a song made especially for live appearances. The chorus sticks with you right from the start. The title was inspired by Mercyful Fate's Into the coven."
"S.O.S is a song about life in general, sometimes you've got to gamble to win. Go by yourself and trust your inner self, sometimes you win, sometimes you loose."
"Afterglow is about the reality of life, there's no such thing as heaven. Life is difficult, choose your own ways."
"Polizei is a lyric with a real-life connection. There was this big riot in Gothenburg, Sweden, due to an EU meeting. The discussion afterwards was about whose fault it was, the kids who threw rocks at the police or the police who shot at the kids? No one asked about why it was a riot in the first place, maybe due to these fat fucks who earn fifteen times a normal worker pay."
"Sleepless is a song about the search for freedom, about not living life tied up by others. About doing the best of your time on earth."
"Tombstone is about the emptiness one can feel with everyday life, people just walk around like robots, staring and doing the same things over and over again."
"Kingsize is just a pure metal lyric, no real meaning behind it at all. Just some fuck off devil shit."
Rot n roll is a bit flirting with old metal, "I've laid down my soul to the gods rot n roll." In general a fuck you metal lyric, don't mess with us.
Ratpack Spins further on the fuck-you concept in the previous ones. A bit of humor in it as well: "Fuck you and your holy crew"
"Helltrain is about being on the Helltrain, dancing and partying with the devil."
-By 
References.
http://www.amazon.com/Route-666-Helltrain/dp/B000ENUL70/ref=pd_bxgy_m_img_b
http://www.lordsofmetal.nl/showreview.php?id=4459&lang=en

</doc>
<doc id="20833100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833100" title="1993 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
1993 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 1993 Asian Women's Handball Championship, the 4th Asian Championship, which was taking place from August 18 to August 24, 1993 in Shantou, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20833118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833118" title="Opeas hannense">
Opeas hannense

Opeas hannense, common name the dwarf awlsnail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.
Distribution.
Non-indigenous:

</doc>
<doc id="20833126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833126" title="Agrostis elliottiana">
Agrostis elliottiana

Agrostis elliottiana is a species of grass known by the common name Elliott's bent grass. 
Distribution.
It is a bunchgrass native to various parts of North America in disjunct locations, including north-central California, southwestern and southeastern United States, and Yucatán in Mexico. 
Description.
"Agrostis elliottiana" grows in a variety of habitats, including disturbed areas such as roadsides. It is an annual grass growing up to about 45 centimeters tall. The leaves are short and thready. The inflorescence is an open array of wispy branches holding clusters of tiny spikelets, each just a few millimeters long but sporting a wavy awn which can reach a centimeter in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20833144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833144" title="Allopeas clavulinum">
Allopeas clavulinum

Allopeas clavulinum, common name the spike awlsnail, is a species of small, tropical, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae. This species is also known as Lamellaxis clavulinus.
Distribution.
The non-indigenous distribution of this species includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20833147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833147" title="Rob Matthews (footballer)">
Rob Matthews (footballer)

Robert David "Rob" Matthews (born 14 October 1970) is an English former footballer who played as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="20833152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833152" title="Wandle Trail">
Wandle Trail

The Wandle Trail is a walking and cycling trail that follows the River Wandle from Croydon to Wandsworth in south-west London
Background.
The Wandle Trail was established by the Wandle Group in association with the Wandle Industrial Museum in September 1988, launched with a walk with over 200 participants, led by Colin Saunders . 'The Wandle Trail Map and Guide' was put together in 1996 by the Wandle Industrial Museum with the support and help of London Borough of Merton, and sponsorship from Brown and Root. The original map was heritage and walk based (although the first, more limited version appeared some years earlier concentrating on disability access to the River Wandle), but then a revised map was produced by Groundwork Merton to facilitate bicycle access.
Organisation.
The Wandle Trail Group is now responsible for the promotion of the trail. The group consist of an association of the London Boroughs of Wandsworth, Merton and Sutton, together with Groundwork Merton (a charity to support the improvement of the quality of life for Londoners), and Sustrans (a charity for sustainable transport, especially cycling).
Description.
The trail follows the river as far as possible by its banks. In some areas unsuitable for cycling, it divides into two trails: one for walkers, and the other which uses nearby roads for both cycle and walking. The Wandle runs through areas that are largely built-up. As public transport is available in the areas close by, access to the trail can be easily made at many points. Sections of the trail can be comfortably walked with stops for food and drink. Much of the trail uses existing Green Spaces (see below), each of which has its own attractions. There are some sections where the trail has to leave the river and use local roads. Schemes have been presented for future development that may overcome the obstacles by the river, but cost has so far prevented their implementation.
The trail has been designated National Cycle Network Route 20, and also will be part of route 22.
Facilities.
The trail starts at East Croydon Station and runs for about to the Thames near Wandsworth Town Station. The route passes near Earlsfield and Haydon Road Railway stations, Colliers Wood and Morden underground stations and Phipps Bridge Tramlink stop.. Many sections of the trail are suitable for wheelchair users and improvements have been proposed to extend these. In addition to the parks, the trail is adjacent to both Morden Hall (National Trust) and Merton Abbey Mills (which has a working waterwheel). There are several parts of the trail that are suitable for nature and ecological study, and some places where fishing is allowed.
A description and map of the trail are in a pamphlet published by the group. It shows the location of bus stops, phones, seats, and toilets. It also shows places on the route where refreshments can be obtained.
This pamphlet can be downloaded from links on both the references below.

</doc>
<doc id="20833160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833160" title="1991 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
1991 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 1991 Asian Women's Handball Championship, the 3rd Asian Championship, which was taking place from August 22 to August 31, 1991 in Hiroshima, Japan. It acts as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20833175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833175" title="William Rollinson Whittingham">
William Rollinson Whittingham

William Rollinson Whittingham (December 2, 1805–October 17, 1879) was the fourth Episcopal Bishop of Maryland.
Early life and career.
Whittingham was born in New York City, the son of Richard Whittingham and Mary Ann Rollinson Whittingham. He was educated at home, and later attended the General Theological Seminary, graduating in 1825. He received the degree of Doctor of Sacred Theology from Columbia University in 1827. Whittingham was ordained deacon in 1827 and assigned to missionary work in northern New Jersey. While there, he married Hannah Harrison. Whittingham was ordained priest on December 17, 1829, and became the rector of St. Mark's in Orange, New Jersey. In 1831, he became the rector of St. Luke's, New York City, and remained there until 1836, when he accepted a professorship at the General Theological Seminary.
Career as bishop.
In 1840, Whittingham was elected bishop of Maryland, and was consecrated on September 17 of that year in St. Paul's, Baltimore. He was the 36th bishop of the ECUSA, and was consecrated by bishops Alexander Viets Griswold, Richard Channing Moore, and Benjamin Treadwell Onderdonk. As bishop, he founded several charitable and educational institutions, including the College of St. James in Hagerstown, an infirmary in Baltimore, an order of deaconesses, and the Sisterhood of St. John in Washington. At the beginning of the American Civil War in 1861, Whittingham advocated for the Union cause, which temporarily estranged him from the sympathies of many of his congregants, but his attitude then enabled him to labor more successfully for the unity of the church when the war ended. 
In 1869 the Diocese of Easton was set off from Maryland, and in 1870 Reverend William Pinkney was appointed to assist Bishop Whittingham with his labors. In 1872 he represented the American church at the Lambeth conference, and subsequently he attended the meeting of Old Catholics at Bonn in a similar capacity. He wrote and edited several books, including editing the "Family Visitor" and "Children's Magazine," monthly publications, and "The Churchman," issued weekly. He was the editor of "The Parish Library of Standard Works," with an introduction and notes (13 vols., 1828 el seq.); Jahn's "Introduction to the Old Testament," with Dr. Samuel H. Turner (1827); William Palmer's "Treatise on the Church of Christ" (2 vols., 1841); the "Commonitorium" of Vincent of Larius, being a new translation with notes, etc." (1847); and "Ratramm on the Lord's Supper," with a revised translation (1848). He also contributed, with three other clergymen, to "Essays and Dissertations in Biblical Literature."
Bishop Whittingham was a high churchman, although he modified his opinions later in life. His views engaged him on several occasions in controversies with his clergy on points of church government, including his presentation in 1876 for not bringing to trial the rector of Mount Calvary Church for reading prayers for the dead, and the earlier contest with Reverend Dr. Joseph Trapnell, of St. Andrew's, concerning the prior right of the bishop to celebrate communion at confirmations. During the Civil War, he rebuked his clergy for omitting from the service the prayer for the President. For many years before his death, Whittingham was an invalid. His last official act was performed on November 7, 1878. At the time of his consecration he was the youngest of the American bishops: at his death he was the second-oldest, having been in office thirty-nine years. He died in Orange, New Jersey, October 17, 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="20833179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833179" title="Alf Robertson">
Alf Robertson

Alf Åke Robertson (June 8, 1941 – December 24, 2008) was a Swedish singer and composer who produced 50 albums and about 150 songs during his lifetime. He died on December 24 after some time of serious illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20833180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833180" title="Lovingston High School">
Lovingston High School

Lovingston High School is a historic school located at Lovingston, Nelson County, Virginia. It is a one-story Colonial Revival-style building that opened in 1931 and originally served grades one through eleven. It consists of a one-and-one-half-story main block with one-story wings. Behind the main block is the central auditorium with a stage and seven flanking classrooms. Later additions to the rear include four additional classrooms, built about 1945, and a kitchen, built 1951.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20833184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833184" title="Cherry Ames' Nursing Game">
Cherry Ames' Nursing Game

"Cherry Ames' Nursing Game, or Cherry Ames: A Nurses' Training Game" is a 1959 Parker Brothers roll-and-move track board game for 2 to 6 players. It was based on the Cherry Ames juvenile series of mysteries written by Helen Wells and Julie Campbell Tatham, and published by Grosset & Dunlap. The game was one of the few games in American board game history to depict women in a generally positive way.
Game play.
The object of the game is to "travel around the board, which represents the various phases of hospital training, obtain six rings, and be the first to graduate." The introduction states:"In this game each player becomes a student nurse and takes the many phases of hospital training to win finally the treasured "cap" and become a full-fledged nurse."
Players move their tokens through maze-like corridors and hospital rooms collecting six colored rings as they do so. They then attempt to leave the board at the space marked 'Graduate'. The first to leave the board is the winner. The game is complicated by bumping players either forward or backward, instructional cards such as "You have stumbled onto the secret of the "Broom Closet"! Take any ring from the board", and "Dr. Wylie said to Cherry, "Wipe that rouge off your face!" Move back four spaces".

</doc>
<doc id="20833185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833185" title="Candle ice">
Candle ice

Candle ice is a form of rotten ice that develops in columns perpendicular to the surface of a lake.
Candle ice makes a clinking sound when the "candles" are broken apart and floating in the water, bumping up against each other.

</doc>
<doc id="20833200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833200" title="Dandapani Desikar">
Dandapani Desikar

M M Dandapani Desikar (August 27, 1908-June 26, 1972) was a Carnatic vocalist, actor and composer.
Dandapani Desikar was born in Tiruchengattangudi, near Nannilam in Madras Presidency. He got training from Manicka Desikar and Kumbakonam Rajamanickam Pillai. He was the son of Muthiah Desikar. He gave his first performance in Tirumarugal. He was a Professor and Head of the Department of Music, Annamalai University for fifteen years. He acted in Tamil films including "Nandanaar" which was produced by S. S. Vasan.

</doc>
<doc id="20833207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833207" title="Denn du wirst meine Seele nicht in der Hölle lassen, BWV 15">
Denn du wirst meine Seele nicht in der Hölle lassen, BWV 15

Denn du wirst meine Seele nicht in der Hölle lassen (For you shall not leave my soul in hell), BWV 15, is a church cantata spuriously attributed to Johann Sebastian Bach but most likely composed by Johann Ludwig Bach.
History and text.
The piece was initially thought to be an early work of Johann Sebastian Bach. However, Bach scholars reattributed the piece to his cousin, Johann Ludwig Bach. The piece was likely composed in Meiningen in 1704 for the first day of Eastertide, known as Easter Sunday. There is some evidence that it may have been performed again under the aegis of Johann Sebastian Bach on 21 April 1726 in Leipzig. The prescribed readings for the day are 1 Corinthians 5: 6-8 and Mark 16: 1-8.
It has been proposed that the text may have been authored by Christoph Helm (as suggested by W. Blankenburg) or by Herzog Ernst Ludwig von Sachsen-Meinigen (as suggested by K. Kuester).
Scoring and structure.
The piece is scored for two corni da caccia, two oboes, timpani, one oboe da caccia, violins, violas and viola da gamba, and basso continuo, four vocal soloists (soprano, altus, tenor, and bassus) and four-part choir.
It is in two parts, totalling ten movements:
Part one
Part two

</doc>
<doc id="20833214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833214" title="1987 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
1987 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 1987 Asian Women's Handball Championship, the 1st Asian Championship, which was taking place from August 15 to September 1, 1987 in Amman, Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="20833226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833226" title="Rumina (gastropod)">
Rumina (gastropod)

Rumina is a genus of medium-sized predatory land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.
"Rumina" is the type genus of the subfamily Rumininae.
Species.
Species in the genus "Rumina" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20833227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833227" title="Central Curry School District">
Central Curry School District

Central Curry School District (CCSD) is a public school district that serves the communities of Agness and Gold Beach in Curry County, Oregon, United States, as well as the surrounding area.
History.
CCSD was formed in 1997 when four elementary school districts and one high school district were merged, because of an action by the Oregon State Legislature that required districts without a kindergarten through twelfth grade (K-12) educational program to merge into a single district that did offer such a program.
The districts that merged were: Gold Beach Union High School District, Riley Creek Elementary School District, Ophir Elementary School District, Pistol River Elementary School District and Agness Elementary School District, each of which was a one-building district. Ophir Elementary School and Pistol River School were closed and the properties sold.
Agness Elementary is kept open because its geographical remoteness—approximately 30 miles from Gold Beach up the winding and sometimes dangerous Forest Route 33/Curry County Road 595.
Demographics.
In the 2009 school year, the district had 38 students classified as homeless by the Department of Education, or 5.8% of students in the district.
Schools.
Agness Elementary, serving grades kindergarten through fifth grade, is located in Agness. Riley Creek School, serving students from kindergarten through eighth grade, and Gold Beach High School, serving grades 9 through 12, are located in Gold Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="20833232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833232" title="Scenes from Under Childhood">
Scenes from Under Childhood

Scenes from Under Childhood is a series of 16mm film in four independent sections by the American experimental filmmaker Stan Brakhage produced between 1967 and 1970. All four sections are silent, though Brakhage made a version with sound available for the first section.
The film is often described as an attempt by Brakhage to visualize how his children saw the world. In a 2008 "Village Voice" review, critic J. Hoberman wrote described the film as a "glorious, two-hour plus romantic epic." In a 1992 poll for the British film magazine "Sight & Sound", experimental filmmaker Michael Snow named "Scenes from Under Childhood" as one of the ten greatest films of all time.
When asked to describe the film, Brakhage himself wrote that is was "a visualization of the inner world of foetal beginnings, the infant, the baby, the child – a shattering of the ‘myths of childhood’ through revelation of the extremes of violent terror and overwhelming joy of that world darkened to most adults by their sentimental remembering of it… a ‘tone poem’ for the eye – very inspired by the music of Olivier Messiaen."

</doc>
<doc id="20833241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833241" title="Guasimal">
Guasimal

Guasimal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20833244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833244" title="Coats of arms of the Holy See and Vatican City">
Coats of arms of the Holy See and Vatican City

The coats of arms of the Holy See and Vatican City State in the form that combines two crossed keys and a tiara used as a coat of arms of the Holy See have origins attested from the 14th century. The combination of one gold and one silver key is somewhat later. The coat of arms of Vatican City State, which was established by the Lateran Treaty of 11 February 1929, was adopted by the Fundamental Law of the new state on 7 June 1929.
Origins and background.
According to the article by Arthur Charles Fox-Davies in the 1910 "Catholic Encyclopedia", ecclesiastical heraldry had the same origin and developed contemporaneously with general heraldry, which had become general throughout England, France, Italy and Germany by the end of the 12th century. Ecclesiastical heraldry appears first in seals, nearly all vesica-shaped..
Keys and their arrangement.
According to Donald Lindsay Galbreath, the earliest blazoning of the arms of the Holy See is that found in Froissart's Chronicles of 1353, which describes them as "gules two keys in saltire argent". Michel Pastoureau states that, in fact, since the beginning of that century the arms of the Holy See had shown this arrangement of two crossed keys, most often with a gold key in bend and a silver in sinister but sometimes with both keys gold or, less often, both keys silver, as described by Froissart. Galbreath, writing in 1930, says that the practice in use at that time, by which the gold key is placed in bend and the silver in bend sinister, was slow in establishing itself,"The practice of placing a gold key in bend over another in bend sinister of silver is not found with any certainty before the time of Pius II (1458-64)." In 1952-1953 the English Heraldry Society gave the blazon of the arms of the Holy See as "Gules a key or in bend above a key argent in bend sinister, both wards upwards, the bows united by a cord or, above the shield a tiara, its three crowns or, the mitre argent". In his 1978 book, "Heraldry in the Catholic Church", Archbishop Bruno Heim describes the same arrangement. The arrangement of the keys in the Holy See's coat of arms as described in these sources, distinguishes it from that of Vatican City State by a reversing of the gold and silver keys. The website "Flags of the World" has this remark: "When what is represented is the Holy See, not Vatican City State, the keys are reversed. Rather, when the state was set up in 1929, the keys in the arms of the Holy See [...] were reversed to provide a distinctive symbol for the new entity. In the personal arms of the popes, the keys are, of course, arranged as in the arms of the Holy See: the other arrangement would be equivalent to treating him as merely the head of that little state."
The gold key is placed in bend also in the "sede vacante" emblem, with the tiara replaced by an umbraculum said to represent the absence of a pope and the temporary governance of the Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church over the temporal affairs of the Holy See, and in the arms of the Papal States
Tiara.
By the end of Froissart's 14th century the papal tiara is included in the coat of arms of the Holy See according to Galbreath and . and "Insegne e simboli: araldica pubblica e privata medievale e moderna". Claudio Ceresa, on the other hand, says the earliest known evidence of its adoption dates from the following century, in the time of Pope Martin V (1417–1431).
Papal States.
The distinction between the coat of arms of the papacy and that of the territory ruled by it dates back at least to the 16th century. Galbreath states: "From the 16th century on, this, the third coat of the Papacy — which may be blazoned "Gules a pair of keys crossed in saltire, one gold, one silver, tied gold, surmounted by a tiara silver, crowned gold" — is taken to represent the Papacy as distinct from the Papal States." This statement is quoted with approval by Heim.
The arms of the Papal States differed in having the umbraculum (the emblem of the Pope's temporal powers) in place of the tiara, and were incorporated as the first quartering of the royal coat of arms of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy (1805–1814). This coat of arms was not resumed for the territory over which the Pope's temporal powers were restored in 1929 with the creation of Vatican City State.
The holder of the title of Gonfalonier of the Church was entitled to include in his own arms the same design of the crossed kays and umbraculum on a red field.
Vatican City State.
The coat of arms of Vatican City State is officially described, under the heading "Annex B. Official coat of arms of Vatican City State", in article 20 of the Fundamental Law of Vatican City State in force since 22 February 2001, which repeats the contents of article 19 of the original Fundamental Law of Vatican City State adopted on 7 June 1929 with immediate effect. Each of these official documents includes an illustration of the coat of arms of the state accompanied by the words "Chiavi decussate sormontate dal triregno in campo rosso" (Crossed keys beneath the papal tiara on a red field) and is accompanied by an illustration that depicts the keys as two in number, one white (argent) in bend and one golden (or) in bend sinister, interlaced at their intersection with a red (gules) cord. The tiara is represented as white with golden crowns.
Charges on the escutcheon.
Claudio Ceresa says that the oldest known representation of the crossed keys beneath the papal tiara dates from the time of Pope Martin V (1417–1431), whose successor, Pope Eugene IV (1431–1447), included it in the design of a silver coin. Galbreath and "Insegne e simboli: araldica pubblica e privata medievale e moderna" say it is attested from the previous century.
The keys.
The keys refer to the promise of Christ to Peter, "I will entrust to you the keys of the kingdom of heaven. Whatever you declare bound on earth shall be bound in heaven; whatever you declare loosed on earth shall be loosed in heaven." They are a symbol of the power the Catholic Church believes that Christ gave to Saint Peter and his successors, with the gold key signifying that the power reaches to heaven and the silver key that it extends to all the faithful on earth, the interlacing indicating the linking between the two aspects of the power, and the handles of the key being at the base to symbolize the power being in the hands of the pope.
The tiara.
Recent popes have not worn a tiara, but the papal tiara remains as a papal heraldic symbol. A crown was added to the headgear of the Pope in 1130 to symbolize sovereignty over the Papal States. In 1301, Pope Boniface VIII, at that time in conflict with Philip the Fair of France, added a second crown to indicate that his spiritual authority was superior to any civil power. In 1342, Pope Benedict XII added a third crown to symbolize the superiority of papal religious authority over that of non-religious monarchs. The original significance of the three crowns was lost over time and they came to represent instead the Pope's powers as priest, ruler and teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="20833248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833248" title="Dave Morrison (poet)">
Dave Morrison (poet)

David R. Morrison (born 1959) is an American writer and poet.
Personal life.
Morrison was born in 1959 in the Boston suburb of Reading, Massachusetts. As a young man he played guitar and sang in several rock & roll bands in Boston (the Trademarks and True Blue) and New York (the Juke Savages).
Career.
After attending the New School University in New York city he began to publish short stories and poetry in several literary magazines. Morrison has been included in the anthologies "Tribute to Orpheus" (Kearny Street Books), "Riffing on Strings" (Scribulus Press), "What Happened to Us These Last Couple Years?" (Elope Press), "Agreeable Friends" (Moon Pie Press), and his work has been published in "Rattle", "Opium", "Wolf Moon Press", and other literary magazines. He has published two novels ("Hideaway" and "Camaro"), as well as seven poetry collections ("Sweet", "Brand New Day", "Sliver", "Lonely Life of Spies", "Black Boat Black Water Black Sand", "SIX" and "Clubland"). Morrison was the host of the "Have Poems Will Travel" radio show originating from WRFR-FM in Rockland, Maine.
In 2011 Morrison released "Clubland - Second Edition" (published by Fighting Cock Press USA), an enlarged collection of poems about rock & roll bars, written in verse. Two of these poems were read on Writer's Almanac.

</doc>
<doc id="20833261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833261" title="1989 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
1989 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 1989 Asian Women's Handball Championship was the 2nd Asian Championship, which was taking place from August 21 to August 29, 1989 in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20833263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833263" title="Statesville Record &amp; Landmark">
Statesville Record &amp; Landmark

Statesville Record & Landmark is a daily newspaper based in Statesville, North Carolina. The newspaper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
The Statesville Record & Landmark is the newspaper of record for Statesville and has been serving the city and Iredell County, North Carolina for more than a century. It is published seven days a week. 
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20833268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833268" title="Nelson County Courthouse">
Nelson County Courthouse

Nelson County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Lovingston, Nelson County, Virginia within the Lovingston Historic District. The original building opened in 1810. It is a rectangular, two-story stuccoed brick structure, with two additions: one of ten feet attached to the rear of the original structure and the other is a large lateral wing across the rear of the first addition. Both of these additions were constructed in 1940. The original structure was partially remodeled in 1968. It contains one large courtroom with a spectator gallery towards the rear. It was the first public building to be built after Nelson County's organization in 1807.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20833274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833274" title="Sanford Bernstein">
Sanford Bernstein

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., also known as Bernstein, is a US financial research company which has been a subsidiary of Investment management firm AllianceBernstein since 2000. It is the sell-side research unit focusing on providing services to investment managers, but also has its own sales and support functions for private clients. The company is majority-owned through its parent by the French insurance company AXA.
History.
Sanford C. Bernstein was founded by Zalman Bernstein in 1967 as an investment-management firm for private clients. 
In October 2000, Alliance Capital acquired Sanford C. Bernstein to form AllianceBernstein.
Services.
Bernstein’s research disciplines include fundamental research, quantitative research, economic research and currency forecasting. Bernstein also offers customized quantitative services and trading services. Bernstein has been consistently among the most highly ranked independent sell-side research teams, according to industry surveys conducted by third-party organizations. Bernstein provides bottom-up coverage and portfolio strategies supported by sophisticated quantitative tools. The Bernstein research brand is defined by their Blackbooks, reports that are known for their unbiased, in-depth company and industry forecasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20833285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833285" title="Agrostis hendersonii">
Agrostis hendersonii

Agrostis hendersonii is an uncommon species of grass known by the common name Henderson's bent grass. It is native to northern California and Oregon, where it is a rare member of the flora in scattered vernal pool habitats. It is an annual grass ranging in maximum height from 6 to 70 centimeters. It has short, narrow leaves only a few centimeters long. The inflorescence is a dense, narrow, cylindrical tuft no longer than 5 centimeters in length, made up of small spikelets with hairlike tips and bent awns.

</doc>
<doc id="20833286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833286" title="Ryan Dunlap">
Ryan Dunlap

Ryan Dunlap (also known by the pseudonyms Conway Banks and R. A. Santulis; born October 21, 1983) is an American independent film and short story actor, writer, and director. He is often recognised for his feature film, "Greyscale".
Life and career.
Early life and career.
Ryan Dunlap was born and raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where he studied film at the University of Tulsa.
According to Dunlap himself, he made his "directorial debut" at the age of four, having loved to fiddle with his parents' camcorder and filming his surrounding.
Film.
After graduating from the University of Tulsa, he produced several short films such as "Smugglin" and "Return to Volition" before he wrote the film, "Greyscale". His first feature film role was in Brian Shoop's "Treasure Blind", playing the role of Alva Battlefield, one of three primary civil war thieves trying to steal a load of Confederate gold. After the role in "Treasure Blind", he began to write "Greyscale". Dunlap conceived the idea in May 2008, and shooting began on September 2008 and ended in April 2009. It was privately screened in Tulsa in late summer 2010. As of January 2011, he is based in Nashville, Tennessee. Dunlap was reported in January 2011 to have been creating a feature documentary for BrightBulb Entertainment.
He manages his own film production company, Daros Films, with his wife and two of his friends.
Writer.
A member of the Tulsa NaNoWriMo group, Dunlap has penned his own book, entitled "The Wind Merchant", to finance "Greyscale". He reportedly wrote the book by hand, using just a fountain pen and a leather-bound book. A sequel is in development.

</doc>
<doc id="20833290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833290" title="The Cary News">
The Cary News

The Cary News is published twice weekly and freely distributed by the News and Observer free to residents of Cary, North Carolina and Morrisville, North Carolina.
In 2011, The Cary News won 4 awards from the North Carolina Press Association in the large community newspaper category for news reporting, sports columns, appearance and design, and photography. In 2009, the paper won for sports columns, features, and coverage as well as an award for multimedia. In 2008 the paper won awards from the NCPA for multimedia project, sports columns, sports coverage, and the website.

</doc>
<doc id="20833291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833291" title="Engagé">
Engagé

A French 18th- to 19th-century term denoting a man, usually French-Canadian, engaged, i.e., employed, with the promise of a steady salary to canoe (or row a boat) and handle all transportation aspects of river and lake-chain travel (maintenance, loading and unloading, propelling, steering, portaging, camp set-up, maps, interaction with Native American people, etc.) in the North American frontier, particularly within the fur trade. Also applied to the men who staffed the pirogues on the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
Compare with the merchant voyageur and seafaring sailor.
Either a person socially and politically engaged, especially in the arts and culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20833292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833292" title="Oklahoma State University College of Education">
Oklahoma State University College of Education

The Oklahoma State University College of Education (COE) serves more than 3000 students within 29 graduate and undergraduate programs at Oklahoma State University in Stillwater, Oklahoma as well as Tulsa, Oklahoma. The College of Education comprises three schools with diversity of students. The current administration consists of Dr. Pamela Fry as Dean, Dr. C. Robert Davis as Associate Dean and Director of Student Services, and Dr. Steve Edwards as Interim Associate Dean of Graduate Studies and Research.
School of Applied Health and Educational Psychology.
The School of Applied Health and Educational Psychology (SAHEP) cultivates the development, integration and application of knowledge, theory, skills and experiences to promote social, physical, psychological, educational, and environmental health. SAHEP is composed of eight program areas:
School of Educational Studies.
The School of Educational Studies offers Advanced Degree in Aviation, Educational Leadership, Research Evaluation and Social Foundations. The Aviation program also offers Bachelor Degrees in Professional Pilot and Aviation Management.

</doc>
<doc id="20833296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833296" title="4-Methylpyridine">
4-Methylpyridine

4-Methylpyridine is the organic compound with the formula CH3C5H4N. It is one of the three isomers of methylpyridine. This colourless pungent liquid is a building block for the synthesis of other heterocyclic compounds. Its conjugate acid, the 4-methylpyridinium ion, has a p"K"a of 5.98, about 0.7 units above that of pyridine itself.
Production and uses.
4-Methylpyridine is both isolated from coal tar and is synthesized industrially. It forms via the reaction of acetaldehyde and ammonia in the presence of an oxide catalyst. The method also affords some 2-methylpyridine. 4-methylpyridine is of little intrinsic value but is a precursor to other commercially significant species, often of medicinal interest. Ammoxidation of 4-methylpyridine gives 4-cyanopyridine, the precursor to a variety of other derivatives such as the antituberculosis drug Isoniazid (isonicotinic hydrazide).

</doc>
<doc id="20833316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833316" title="Dennis Keyes">
Dennis Keyes

Dennis Paul Keyes, II (March 26, 1985 in Van Nuys, California) is an American football safety for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League. He was signed by the Arizona Cardinals as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at UCLA.
Professional career.
Arizona Cardinals.
Keyes was signed by the Arizona Cardinals as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He was waived during final cuts on August 30, but was re-signed to the practice squad on December 24, 2008. He was signed to a future contract on February 4, 2009. Keyes injured his calf during training camp, was waived/injured on August 18 and subsequently reverted to injured reserve. He was released with an injury settlement on August 25.

</doc>
<doc id="20833329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833329" title="Clement Bahouth">
Clement Bahouth

Clement Michael Bahouth (or "Clement Bahous", 1799–1882), was patriarch of the Melkite Catholic Church from 1856 until his resignation in 1864.
Life.
Michael Bahouth was born in 1799 near Acre. In 1816 he entered in the Holy Saviour monastery of the Basilian Salvatorian Order and professed monastic vows in 1818. He was ordained priest in about 1824. Before 1826 he visited Rome. From 1826 to 1835 he was Melkite chaplain in Livorno, Italy. On 10 August 1836 he was consecrated bishop of Acre by patriarch Maximos III Mazloum, taking the name of "Clement". 
At the death of patriarch Maximos III Mazloum, the synod of the Melkite Catholic bishops elected Clement Bahouth as patriarch on 1 April 1856. His election was supported by both the bishops partisans of Mazloum's line and by Archbishop Paolo Brunoni, a Chypriot who was the Apostolic Legate of Syria. The same electoral synod, having in mind the last authoritative years of Maximos Mazloum, issued decrees to limit the patriarchal authority. Clement Bahouth's election was confirmed by Pope Pius IX on 16 June 1856. 
Clement Bahouth was docile to the demand of Archbishop Paolo Brunoni to Latinize the Eastern Catholic Churches. Without consulting other Melkite bishops, in January 1857 he introduced the Gregorian Calendar in place of the Julian Calendar to promote conformity with the uses of the Latin Rite as well as of the Maronites and of the Syriac Catholic Church; that act caused some discontent within the Melkite Church, and the opposition was led by the Archbishop of Beirut, Agapis Riyasi, the same who led the opposition against Maximos Mazloum some years before. Clement Bahouth, seen the discontent, resigned in August 1858, but the majority of the Melkite clergy and laity asked Rome to reject Clement's resignation, as it happened in September 1858. The 1859-1860 war between Maronites and Druzes, and the massacre of Christians in Damascus became more important issues than the calendar's one for most of the Melkites. A new player appeared: the Russian Orthodox Church, hoping to expand its influence in the Middle East, persuaded three of the bishops opponent to Clement Bahouth to formalize a schism, known as schism of the "sarqiin", creating a new Church separated from both the Melkite Catholic Church and from the Antiochian Orthodox Church. This schism, notwithstanding the funds given by Russia to build churches, ended after a few years, and never numbered more than five thousand adherents.
In 1864 Clement Bahouth asked Rome again to resign and to elect as successor Gregory Youssef, who was appointed bishop of Acre a few years before by Clement himself. This time Rome authorized the resignation, and a synod of bishops was summoned 24 September 1864. At the opening of synod Clement announced his resignation, and the synod in a few days elected Gregory II Youssef according to Clement's wishes. After this synod Clement Bahouth returned to live as a simple novice monk. In 1870 he participated silently at the First Vatican Council. He died on 13 June 1882 in the Holy Saviour monastery, where he was buried.

</doc>
<doc id="20833347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833347" title="Agrostis hooveri">
Agrostis hooveri

Agrostis hooveri is a species of grass known by the common name Hoover's bent grass. It is endemic to California, where it is known only from western San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara Counties. It grows in woodland and chaparral in hilly terrain. This is a perennial grass growing in tufts 30 to 80 centimeters tall. The inflorescence is an array of thin branches bearing tiny spikelets each a few millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20833350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833350" title="Brackley railway station">
Brackley railway station

Brackley was a railway station which served the Northamptonshire town of Brackley in England. It opened in 1850 as part of the Buckinghamshire Railway's branch line to Verney Junction which provided connections to Banbury, Bletchley and Oxford and closed in 1963.
History.
From 1899 until 1963, Brackley was served by two railway stations on different lines. Brackley Central - opened by the Great Central Railway - was the second, the Buckinghamshire Railway having already connected the town to the railway in 1850. As the Great Central's station was constructed at the top of the hill upon which Brackley is situated and Buckinghamshire Railway's station at the foot of the hill, locals referred to them respectively as the "Top Station" and the "Bottom Station".
The Buckinghamshire Railway's station was built at the southern end of the main high street and was constructed of a yellow-grey coloured stone. A single loop was enclosed between two-facing platforms, each of a height of 32 inches. A water tower for locomotives was positioned on the roof of a stone shelter situated on the up platform, slowly refilling from a nearby spring. The station's goods shed was built at a right angle to the line where a wagon turntable enabled vehicles to roll into the shed, aided by a slight gradient. A short spur on a severe gradient served the Hopkins and Norris brewery; horses drew the wagons up the gradient to allow them to be returned to the station yard by gravity. The spur (known locally as the "barrel line") fell into disuse in the early 1920s and the rails were lifted by 1935. The station's goods yard was not large, but was capable of accommodating the daily 3 to 12 wagons destined for the gasworks and the 4 to 5 wagons of malt and sugar for the brewery. A cattle dock could take four vans, and a 5-ton capacity crane was stationed in the yard.
The arrival of the Great Central in Brackley saw a great deal of trade ebb away from the branch. The Great Central provided a faster and more direct route to London; its station enjoyed seven trains a day from Marylebone, including an express which took 84 minutes, compared with the line's infrequent two to two service to Euston via Bletchley, a three quarter hour journey. The branch line was used to transport bricks for the construction of the Great Central's station, and a new siding was installed near the line's ten mile post.
On 13 May 1950 King George VI and Queen Elizabeth arrived at Brackley station en route to the first official British Grand Prix held at Silverstone. At the last minute it was discovered that the platform would be too low for the Royal Train's exit door and so an old wooden ammunition box had to be found and upended next to the door.
The station was renamed "Brackley Town" on 1 July 1950, but only for goods traffic. The goods yard and through freight traffic ceased on 2 December 1963, nearly three years after the last passenger service had called. 
Present day.
All the station buildings have been demolished and the various parts of the site are now occupied by a new road (St. James Road), a grassed area, a police station, an industrial estate and residential housing. The station platforms and site of the goods yard survived until the early 1980s. The approach to the station from Brackley town passed in front of a row of cottages on Bridge Street, and the trackbed has been taken into their gardens. The bridge carrying the main road over the railway has been demolished and the road now crosses on the level. Elsewhere, the trackbed has been taken into Pocket Farm Walk, and a set of steps leading down to the old trackbed can be found at the end of St James Road; the line continues until it is severed by the A43 Brackley Bypass.

</doc>
<doc id="20833356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833356" title="Wintergreen County Store">
Wintergreen County Store

Wintergreen County Store is a historic building built originally as a country store located near Nellysford, Nelson County, Virginia. It is a one- and two-story, shed roofed, frame vernacular building with weatherboard siding on a masonry and concrete foundation. The store was built in four phases: the original store was a one-story, one-room building with a porch, built between 1908 and 1909; the second was living space added in the late 1920s; the third phase added a two-story section with a two-story porch; and the fourth phase was added by Wintergreen Ski Resort as a welcoming center when it first opened in 1975. After closing as an office and gift shop for the Wintergreen resort, the building was used as a meeting place for an Episcopal Church mission. It currently functions as an art gallery with three attached apartments.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20833358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833358" title="Doomquest">
Doomquest

"Doomquest" is a two-issue Iron Man story arc written by David Michelinie and Bob Layton with art by John Romita Jr. and published by Marvel Comics. The arc first appears in "Iron Man" #149-#150. One of the most popular stories of the title character, it establishes Doctor Doom as a member of his rogues gallery, a villainous counterpart who mirrors the superhero with his wealth, power armor and engineering skill.
Plot summary.
Tony Stark learns that an employee of his made illegal sales of technology to Doctor Doom. After immediately firing the employee, Stark cancels the sale and attempts to return the payment. Doom not only refuses the refund, but sends agents to seize the refused goods by force. Stark, as Iron Man, is unable to prevent the robbery and travels to Doom's country of Latveria to recover the goods personally.
When Iron Man attacks Doctor Doom's castle, the two are flung back in time on Doom's Time Platform by his traitorous minion Hauptmann to the days of Camelot. Iron Man meets and joins the forces of King Arthur, while Doom joins with Morgan le Fay to enlist her in helping wrest his mother's soul from Hell. Le Fay agrees on the condition that Doom become the general of her army of undead warriors slain by the sword Excalibur against her half-brother King Arthur. Accompanying Arthur's knights against Doom's army Iron Man defeats Le Fay, causing her to flee to another realm. Doom swears vengeance on Iron Man for this, but the two agree to a temporary truce to use parts from both their armors to create a basic time machine to take them back to the present.
Sequels.
The story arc proved quite popular and Marvel commissioned two sequels both written by Michelinie and Layton:
In addition the story arc "Time Is on No One's Side" ("Mighty Avengers" #9-#10) features Iron Man and Doom, along with the Sentry, being sent back in time to the 1970s-era Marvel Universe and heavily references "Doomquest", such as the two men noting that they cannot duplicate their previous success at creating a time machine from their armours as they lack the components they used originally.
Collected editions.
In 2008, "Doomquest" and the sequel "Recurring Knightmare" were collected as a Marvel Premiere hardcover edition entitled "Iron Man: Doomquest" (ISBN 0785128344).
Reception.
"Doomquest" was very well received and has become a fan favorite.
IGN included the story as part of its Ultimate Bookshelf 2.0: Iron Man. ComicMix included in its 10 Must-Read Stories Before You Watch 'Iron Man' in Theaters. Den of Geek called it one of the Best Iron Man stories. The AV Club called the story "a lot of fun" giving it a B+ rating. Chris's Invincible Super-Blog said "on the short list of Man's necessary adventures, Doomquest sits right at the top.

</doc>
<doc id="20833367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833367" title="William Stone (baritone)">
William Stone (baritone)

William Stone (born March 12, 1944, Goldsboro, North Carolina) is an American operatic baritone. He is a graduate of Duke University (B.A., 1966) and University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (M.M. 1968, D.M.A. 1979). He made his professional operatic debut in 1975 and his international debut in 1977.
He was inducted as a National Patron of Delta Omicron, an international professional music fraternity on April 1, 2003.
William Stone is a Vocal Instructor at the Academy of Vocal Arts in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was Professor of Voice and Opera at the Boyer College of Music and Dance, Temple University, from September, 2005 through June, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20833369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833369" title="Gaustürm">
Gaustürm

The Gaustürm were an organizational unit of the SA in Nazi Germany. 
They were the biggest unit until 1928. They were created by Franz Pfeffer von Salomon, and there were originally nineteen of them. Their boundaries purposefully were built around 'tribal groups' of Germans rather than state boundaries, party districts, electoral districts, or military recruiting districts.
The term often pops up when researching the past of Nazi leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="20833392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833392" title="Agrostis idahoensis">
Agrostis idahoensis

Agrostis idahoensis is a species of grass known by the common name Idaho bent grass. It is native to western North America from Alaska to California to Colorado, where it grows in several habitat types. 
Description.
It is a perennial grass growing in short tufts up to 30 centimeters tall. The leaves are thready and a few centimeters long. The inflorescence is an open, thin array of wispy branches bearing spikelets each a few millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20833394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833394" title="Leo Esser">
Leo Esser

Leo Esser (born February 17, 1907, date of death unknown) was a German diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Düsseldorf. In 1932 he finished fifth in the 3 metre springboard event. Four years later he finished sixth in the 3 metre springboard competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20833425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833425" title="Kazuo Kobayashi">
Kazuo Kobayashi

In 1932 he finished sixth in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="20833435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833435" title="Tyro Mill">
Tyro Mill

Tyro Mill is a historic grist mill located at Tyro, Nelson County, Virginia. It is a multi-story frame mill built in 1846-47 with an addition made in the late nineteenth century. It has a metal-sheathed gable roof and a stone foundation. There is an overshot metal wheel in a stone wheel well and remnants of the head race. The mill contains original machinery including wood gears and drive shafts, two runs of millstones, and a husk frame in the basement gear pit. Also on the property is a mid-19th century log dwelling—traditionally identified as the miller’s house—with twentieth century frame additions and front porch.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20833444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833444" title="Monia zelandica">
Monia zelandica

Monia zelandica, is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Anomiidae, the jingle shells.

</doc>
<doc id="20833451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833451" title="Volcanoes of east-central Baja California">
Volcanoes of east-central Baja California

The Volcanoes of east-central Baja California are located on the Baja California Peninsula near the Gulf of California, in the state of Baja California Sur, in Mexico.
La Reforma Caldera.
The large La Reforma Caldera is located on the eastern coast of the central Baja California Peninsula, facing the Gulf of California, near Santa Rosalia, Baja California Sur. The outer rim of the caldera is defined by dark-colored rocks made out of very fluid lava. A dome of rock in the center of the caldera is a resurgent dome. A resurgent dome is formed as the floor of the caldera is heaved upward by the movement of magma below ground. The lavas surrounding the caldera date to about 1 million years ago.
Tres Virgenes.
The Tres Virgenes, a line of three connected volcanoes, collectively known by that name, are west of La Reforma Caldera. La Vírgen, in the southwest, El Azufre in the center, and El Viejo in the northeast. The volcanoes get larger and younger from northeast to southwest. As recently as 6,500 years ago, La Vírgen experienced a Plinian eruption — a huge, explosive event that produces an enormous column of volcanic rock fragments and gas that reaches into the stratosphere. The eruption produced a column that reached at least 18 kilometers into the air and deposited ash and rock fragments over 500 square kilometers. In later stages of the eruption, pyroclastic flows (pinkish rocks) and lahars (mudflows, grayish rocks) from El Azufre Volcano paved the plain to the north all the way to the Gulf of California.
El Aguajito Caldera.
El Aguajito Caldera is north-northeast of Las Tres Vírgenes, where pyroclastic rocks and lava date to between 500,000-800,000 years old. The rim of the caldera is not continuously exposed at the surface, but the rocks have a subtle circular arrangement. Like La Reforma, the northern rim of El Aguajito follows the coastline. The flat-looking rock formations, carved by arroyos, are lava domes, hardened mounds of slow-moving, sticky lava. The topography in the southern part of the caldera is more rugged and irregular. The rocks are a combination of pyroclastic deposits and a slightly more fluid lava than what erupted near the coast.
Geography.
The arid climate of Baja California limits the amount of vegetation covering the ground and allows the dramatic volcanic features of the landscape to stand out in this natural-color image from the Landsat 7 satellite on October 5, 2000. The landscape is a patchwork of lava flows and the hardened remains of pyroclastic flows — hot clouds of volcanic ash, dust, and rock fragments that race down the slopes of a volcano like an avalanche.

</doc>
<doc id="20833455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833455" title="Tetsutaro Namae">
Tetsutaro Namae

Tetsutaro Namae (, born 1909) is a Japanese diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 he finished eighth in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="20833459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833459" title="Michael Schäffer">
Michael Schäffer

Michael Schäffer (11 November 1937 – 7 September 1978) was a German lutenist.
He was a pioneer in the rediscovery of French Baroque lute works and concertized widely as soloist and with chamber ensembles.
Schäffer was born in Cologne. He received a musical education, as a violinist and violist, with his father Kurt Schäffer. His avocation, the guitar, led him to the lute.
Schäffer was one of the first to abandon "guitar technique" on the lute: he experimented with traditional lute techniques, and their expressive possibilities and implications: e.g. hand positioning, thumb-index alternation, etc.
He taught at the Hochschule für Musik Köln.
External links.
There is a page dedicated to Michael Schäffer on this site

</doc>
<doc id="20833462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833462" title="Kadavergu">
Kadavergu

Kadavergu is a village located in the Cheriyal mandal of the Warangal district of Andhra Pradesh, India. According to the 2001 census, the village had a population of 5,435.
The village was known as early as 1200 AD. The people in those days used to believe the Lord Shiva. During fighting between Shiva devotees and Vishnu devotees, gradually people were destroyed by the King Anantha Varma, a devotee of Lord Vishnu. 
Kadavergu has become a surname for people who lived in the area in those days. Later they formed into a society called Neelakanta (the worshippers of God Shiva).

</doc>
<doc id="20833468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833468" title="List of abolished upper houses">
List of abolished upper houses

This is a list of abolished upper houses of bicameral legislatures and parliaments at national and lower levels of government. The reasons for abolition include removal of unelected houses, under-representation of ethnic/religious minorities, under-representation of women, cost-cutting in government expenditure, longer and unlimited terms in office (leading to accusations of monarchism), and to speed up the process of legislation due to upper house scrutiny.
Australia.
The Legislative Council of Queensland was the upper house of the Parliament of Queensland and was entirely appointed by the Governor of Queensland. The Labor Government of Ted Theodore made the necessary appointments, and on 27 October 1921, the Legislative Council voted itself out of existence. All other Australian states continue to have bicameral systems.
Canada.
Provincial-level.
Some Canadian provinces once possessed upper houses, but abolished them to adopt unicameral systems. Newfoundland had a Legislative Council prior to joining Canada, as did Ontario when it was Upper Canada. Manitoba had an upper chamber until it was abolished in 1876, New Brunswick's upper chamber was abolished in 1892, Prince Edward Island's upper chamber was abolished in 1893, Nova Scotia's upper chamber was abolished in 1928 and Québec's upper chamber was abolished in 1968.
Federal.
Both the New Democratic Party and the Bloc Québécois have called for the abolition of the Senate of Canada; furthermore, the NDP does not actively hold seats in the Senate due to its abstention from the House, and has called for a referendum on the abolition of the Senate. Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper has stated that the Senate "must either change or—like the old upper houses of our provinces—vanish".
Support for the abolition of the Senate has been voiced by the premiers of five provinces: Ontario, British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Nova Scotia .
Estonia.
According to the 1938 Constitution, the Riigikogu had two chambers, which replaced the unicameral system. The lower chamber was called Riigivolikogu and the upper chamber was named Riiginõukogu. Both chambers were disbanded in 1940, following the Soviet occupation, and rigged elections for only the lower chamber Riigivolikogu were held. According to the 1992 Constitution of Estonia, the parliament is once again unicameral.
India.
The Vidhan Parishad or Legislative Council is the upper house of the state legislature in India. The states of West Bengal, Punjab and Tamil Nadu abolished the Vidhan Parishad in their legislatures. The Vidhan Parishad of Andhra Pradesh was abolished in 1985 but revived again in 2006. 
New Zealand.
The (appointed) New Zealand Legislative Council was abolished in 1951.
United States.
Federal.
In addition to calls for the abolition of the electoral college for presidential elections, a smaller minority of political activists have called for the abolition of the United States Senate.
State-level.
Nebraska is the only state in the United States to have a unicameral legislature, which it achieved when it abolished its lower house in 1934. During the governorship of Jesse Ventura in Minnesota, he called for the state to have a unicameral legislature.
Other countries.
Croatia (2001), Denmark (1953), Egypt (2013), Greece (1935), Hungary, South Korea (1960), Peru (1992), Portugal (1910), Sweden (1970), Turkey (1980) and Venezuela (1999) once possessed upper houses but abolished them to adopt unicameral systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20833470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833470" title="Émile Poussard">
Émile Poussard

Émile Poussard (born 1909) is a French diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Paris.
In 1932 he finished seventh in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
