<doc id="20628250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628250" title="Anglo-Hindu law">
Anglo-Hindu law

The first phase of Anglo Hindu Law (1772–1864) is characterized by three main features: 1) the collection and translation of important "Dharmaśāstra" texts by British administrator-scholars (e.g., Jones, Henry Thomas Colebrooke, Sutherland, and Borrodaile) in order to apply the rules of such texts to Hindus, 2) the employment of "Court Pandits" in British courts to aid British magistrates in the interpretation of classical Hindu law, and 3) the proliferation of case law that resulted eventually in the "redundancy" of "Court Pandits".
In 1864, just after India became a formal part of the British Empire, Anglo-Hindu law entered into a second phase (1864–1947). One in which the "Court Pandits" were dismissed due to the extensive case law that emerged during the first phase as well as growing suspicions of corruption. During this time, a series of parliamentary acts were passed to fix certain aspects of Anglo-Hindu law and to provide it with a legislative foundation. With the disappearance of "Court Pandits", continual growth of case law on topics involving questions of Anglo-Hindu law combined with the new legislative foundation diminished the relevance and interest in "Dharmaśāstra" as the source of law also diminished. The gap between the idealized legal system of "Dharmaśāstra" and the diversity of customary law throughout British India led to the fixing of regional customary laws by British officials. This was done through interviews, observations, and discussions with locals. Massive volumes of customary rules that were in theory being enforced were collected throughout British India and became part of the consultative resources of the courts.
Sources.
The greatest difficulty in studying Hindu Law is to establish a date to which any particular statement should be referred, as chronology had absolutely no existence among Hindu writers. Every sacred text is equally true to a Hindu writer; however it is unsafe to assume that any statement of law represented an existing fact of its time. Anglo-Hindu law relied on sources that had been used previously, throughout Classical Hindu Law, but the sources described below were the most pertinent to Anglo-Hindu law in regards to translation and accessibility. Similarly, interests in dharma as a whole were reduced throughout the Anglo-Hindu law period as the British were primarily interested in vyavahara. This is revealed in the below sources in so far as they address the interests of vyavahara, which is precisely why these sources were utilized by the British.revealed in sources below
Sruti and Smriti.
The Sruti and the Smriti are considered the two great categories of ancient authority. The Sruti is that which was seen or perceived in a revelation and includes the four Vedas. The Smriti is the recollection handed down by the Rishis, or sages of antiquity. The Sruti is of divine origin while the Smriti is of human origin. Interestingly, the Sruti has little or no legal value as it contains no statements of law, though its statements of facts are occasionally referred to as conclusive evidence of legal usage. For the first knowable time, rules of conduct, distinct from instances, are seen in the Smriti. It is important to note that the Smriti falls under two written works, (1) works written in prose, or in prose and verse mixed or (2) works written wholly in verse. When the term Smriti is used those works written wholly in verse are generally meant, but it encompasses both works.
Duty of Brahmans.
The primary duty of the Brahman was to study the Vedas. Many various versions of the same Veda exist and, as a result, sects/schools were formed. These were headed by distinguished teachers who taught from the various versions of the Vedas. Every department of the Vedas has its own Sutras. Those which related to the rules of practical life, or law, were known as the Dharma-Sutras and these originated and bore the names of the teachers by whom they were actually composed or whose views they were supposed to reflect. The ancient, unchanged laws of the Hindus were in the hands of the Brahmans, found all over India, and were given financial support from the public.public?
Code of Manu.
The Code of Manu has been treated by Hindu sages and commentators as being of paramount authority. This does not however prevent them from treating it as obsolete whenever situation requires. The personality of its author is mythical. The sages implore Manu to inform them of the sacred laws. Manu then states that he received the Code from Brahma and communicated it to the ten sages. He requests Bhrigu, one of the great sages, to repeat it to the other nine who had apparently forgotten it. The remaining work is then recited by Bhrigu, not by Manu. Manu, though not an individual, was the ancestor of mankind. He was the impersonal and representative man. Sir William Jones translated the Manu Smriti into English.
Yajnavalkya is said to have been founded on that of Manu. It is the subject of many commentaries, most notably the Mitakshara, and is essentially the starting point of Hindu Law for applicable provinces.
Narada Smriti.
This work is ascribed to the Divine sage Narada and was abstracted by him form the second abridgment of Manu. The whole of Narada is marked by a modern air as compared with Manu and it differs from Manu on several specific regards. Narada places the adopted son ninth in the order of sons, while Manu places him third. According to Mayne, some of his rules for procedure seem to anticipate the English principles of special pleading.
Commentators.
All the works on the Smritis are admitted to possess an independent authority. One Smriti occasionally quotes another, just as one judge might cite the opinion of another judge, but every part of the work is weighted equally and is regarded as the infallible truth. Later writers assumed that the Smritis constituted a single body of law, one part supplementing the other and every part capable of being reconciled with the other.
Mitakshara.
By far the most significant of all the commentaries is that by Vijyanesvara, known as the Mitakshara. Its authority is applied most notably in the city and province of Benares and it heads the works that settle the law in South and West India as well. The supplementary works in Southern India part of Southern India?, headed by the Mitakshara, are the Smriti Chandrika, the DayaVibhaga, the Sarasvati Vilasa and the Vyavahara Nirnaya. Those in Western India are the Vyavahara Mayukha and the Viramitrodaya. The Mitakshara is also the basis for the works which set out the law in Mithila. The Mitakshara in Bengal had no authority except when the law of the province was in harmony with the rest of India. Apararka, another noteworthy commentator with similar views to those of the Mitakshara, is of utmost authority in Kashmir and is referred to respectfully in later digests.
The Madras High Court and the Judicial Committee distinguished between the Benares and the Dravida schools of law, and recognized a 
distinction between an Andhra and a Dravida School as well.
Chandrika and Mimamsa.
In regards to adoption, the Dattaka Chandrika and the Dattaka Mimamsa possessed an authority over other works on the same topic. This is explained by the fact that they were early accessible to English lawyers and judges because of Mr. Sutherland's translation. The two works mentioned are equally respected all over India in questions relative to the law. Where they differ, however, Dattaka Chandrika is adhered to in Bengal and by the Southern jurists while the Dattaka Mimamsa is the lawful guide in Mithila and Benares. This was accepted by the Judicial Committee in the leading Ramanad case and this contributed to the weight of these works. To read more on the idea of adoption as it related to Hindu Law see: Mayne, 1906, pp. 42.
Digests.
Two digests were made under European influence. The Vivadarnava Setu was compiled at the request of Warren Hastings and is commonly known as Halhed's Gentoo Code. The Vivada Bhangarnava was compiled at the request of Sir William Jones by Jagannatha Turkapunchanana and translated by Mr. Colebrooke. It is commonly referred to as Jagannatha's or Colebrooke's Digest. The Gentoo Code, in its English translation is "worthless" because Halhed translated it from Persian, not from Sanskrit. This was not the case for Colebrooke's Digest.
Custom.
Law, in the language of Manu, is grounded on immemorial custom and custom supersedes law. In order to modify the ordinary law of succession a custom had to be ancient and invariable and it had to clear and unambiguous evidence. The Privy Council maintained that "clear proof of usage will outweigh the written text of the law". Questions of usage arose in four different ways in India:
When questions as to usage arose, the following were observed
History and Development.
The term law in Westernized societies holds a much greater value than the case in the case of the colonial Hindu tradition. It was not until the 1770s when the British Empire came to colonize India that the concept of law even came into practice.
Colonial Hindu law marks a large span of nearly two-hundred years, beginning in 1772 and ending in 1947. This time period can be split into two main phases. The first phase, starting in 1772 and ending in 1864, is marked with three main proponents that include the translations of the dharmasastras by the British scholar administrators, the use of court pandits to define laws and rules, and the rise of case law. The second phase, starting in 1864 and ending in 1947, is marked by the dismissal of court pandits, rise of the legislative processes, and a codified law system.
Phase 1: Rise of Court Pandits in India.
On
Early British Control.
From the very beginning of their territorial control, the British planned on governing India by codifying and re-instituting the ruling practices that had been developed by previous institutions of rule. With that said, knowledge of history and practice of India was considered most valuable from the beginning. Beginning in the 1770s in Bengal, the British investigated the methods of revenue assessment and collection in India. From this, they developed an extensive and continuous administrative activity termed the land-settlement-process. This endeavor entailed the collection of customs and local histories, relating to the Brit's notion of land tenure. Out of this venture, settlement reports were produced on a district basis.
The British, as a result of their control, could issue commands and collect extensive amounts of information. They could then create and locate means to assess and collect taxes and maintain law and order. Moreover, the British could then identify and classify groups within Indian society, especially in regards to the elites. Many of the Brit's effects were unintended, but the transformation of the Indian languages both spoken and read was surely not.
Translation of sources.
The British were under the conviction that all Indian traditions were based on texts and ignored the tradition's customary significance. Furthermore, they thought that different commentaries and interpretations could be systematically sorted out by school and region. This led to the altering of a system of law that increasingly resembled the precedent-based case law of British tradition. Bernard Cohn calls this process "objectification" of India. Objectification involves the coding of India in ways that rendered it increasingly available for colonization. The British believed they could explore and conquer this territory through translation. They were confident that establishing their lingual equivalent could make the unknown known.
The formative period during which the British successfully began the program of appropriating Indian languages to serve as a crucial component in their construction of law took place between 1770 and 1785. During this time, an increasing amount of British officials were learning the "classical" languages of India (Sanskrit, Persian, and Arabic). This was also the period in which the British produced grammars, dictionaries, treatises, class books and translations about and from Indian languages. The mere production of these texts was indicative of the establishment of discursive formation, with the effect of converting Indian forms of knowledge into European objects. Individuals as well as knowledge were being converted into instruments of colonial rule.
The first step of this translation process was to learn the native languages of India. In order to issue commands, collect taxes, and to maintain law and order, knowledge of the native languages was required. From the onset of their rule, the British were committed to incorporating as much as possible the administrative personnel of previous regimes in India. The British during the 17th and 18th centuries viewed Sanskrit as a secret language that was "invented by the Brahmins to be a mysterious repository for their religion and philosophy". Any knowledge that the British had of the Hindus' learning and religious thought came from discussions with elites, primarily Brahmins, or from Persian translations of Sanskrit texts. Warren Hasting's plan of 1772 motivated the British in India to learn Sanskrit as it was necessary for them to govern Bengal. In Hasting's plan Indians were to be governed by Indian principles, particularly in relation to the law.
Warren Hastings' model of Hindu law.
Hastings was aware that British law was too technical, complicated and inappropriate for the conditions in India. In 1774, Hastings wrote to the Lord Chief Justice denying the idea that India was ruled by nothing more than "arbitrary wills, or uninstructed judgments, or their temporary rulers". Hastings was confident that the Hindus and other original inhabitants of India knew written laws, and in the case of the Hindus unchanged and ancient laws at that. For Hastings, Hindu law relied on an ancient constitution, and because the British were then sitting as judges in the civil courts passing judgments on real disputes, the British required access to it. The East India Company's district had to have a means of authoritatively establishing the content of Hindu law on all disputes concerning property, inheritance, marriage and caste and on all claims of debt, accounts, contracts, partnerships and demands of rent. Hastings persuaded eleven of the most respectable pandits in Bengal to compile a code from the shastric literature on Hindu law that could be translated into English. Unfortunately, at the time no European in Calcutta knew Sanskrit so the pandits' compilation first had to be translated into Persian and then into English. Chains of translations were quite common and negatively impacted the value of the original text. The translation, completed by N.B. Halhed, was published in 1776 as "A Code of Gentoo Laws"; or "Ordinations of the Pundits".
The code was used in the East India Company's courts until the early 19th century. Two scholars disagree about its relationship to the traditions of 18th century Bengal. Derrett argues that the topics covered were topics the Hastings believed would be useful in the district courts. Rocher argues that Sanksrit version the code was made up excerpts from a variety of authoritative sources and extensive commentary. Regardless of these viewpoints, Halhed's translation explicated Hindu thought, religion and customs in relation to establishing a policy of toleration between the British and the Indians.
Warren Hastings' Plan of 1772.
Warren Hastings was appointed under a new parliamentary act in 1772 to the newly created position of governor-general and was instructed by the Court of Directors to stabilize the governance of the Bengal territories. Hastings' plan for the better administration of Bengal was centered on British officers being designated a "collector" (Cohn, 1996, pg. 60). The collector would be assigned to a defined area (district) with provincial boundaries and would have mixed executive and judicial power in these areas. Hastings is a very significant figure in the realm of British Imperialism; he was the man who knew the natives and who was to represent the forces of law and order.
He maintained that the natives had an effective administration structure consonant with Indian theory and practice. Though it was clearly not based on European principles, he premised his plan on this notion. Unfortunately, during the fifty years leading up to Hastings' plan, the Bengali system had nearly collapsed. Fortunately, Hastings was more than qualified to essentially start anew. He had a European education and for the first fifteen years of his career, he was stationed near the court of the last effective provincial governors of Bengal. Hastings knew how an Indian state functioned and believed that it was the textual tradition that was relevant to developing British administrative institutions.
Hastings' plan called for two courts. One court dealt with revenue and civil litigation and was called the court of Dewani. The other court dealt with internal order and criminal law and was called the Faujdari court. The "collector", as mentioned above, acted as a judge as he established the facts in the case based on testimony, most commonly depositions from the witnesses, and the documentary evidence was put before the court. His assistant (dewan) and a pandit then found the law that was applicable to the case. Legal specialists, or law professors, interpreted the codes in the legal texts and provided authoritative decisions on the applicable codes. This was the basis for Anglo-Hindu case law. Hastings' was responsible for rejecting the despotic model of Indian law as he stressed the importance of utilizing "Indian law" throughout his career.
Colebrooke's Two Schools of Law.
Colebrooke was appointed to the East India Company in 1782. He was very skilled at Sanskrit and developed his own conception of the nature and function of Hindu law. Colebrooke led the English in fixing an interpretation of variation in legal texts and this eventually became standard in the British courts in India. He suggested that regional variations or differences existed in India, leading to various interpretations of the same text.
The term "school of law" as it applies to legal opinions of India was first used by Colebrooke. Colebrooke established only two schools that were marked by a vital difference of opinion: those who follow the Mitakshara and those who follow the Daya Bhaga. The Daya Bhaga and the Mitakshara differ in the most vital points because each applied different principles. First, the Daya Bhaga treated religious efficacy as the ruling canon in determining the order of succession, rejecting the preference of agnates to cognates. Secondly, the Daya Bhaga denies the doctrine that property is by birth, the cornerstone of the joint family system. Thirdly, the brothers of the joint family system in the Daya Bhaga recognize their right to dispose of their shares at their pleasure. Fourthly, the Daya Bhaga recognizes the right of a widow to succeed her husband's share.
Colebrooke's conception was erroneous. He thought that the commentaries on Hindu legal texts were the works of "lawyers, juriscouncils and lawgivers"
and that they reflected the actual law of the land. Moreover, the British made a false analogy between Hindu law and Muslim law. The British were familiar with the latter for its distinct beliefs. As a result, Colebrooke yielded a symmetrical set for Hindu law to match what were thought of as the schools of Muslim law. Under this set, the Daya Bhaga and the Mitakshara were analogous to Sunni and Shia.
In Colebrooke's view each school had fixed "doctrines" and English judges therefore needed access to the reasons and arguments by which each school supported their doctrine. When Indian scholars could not provide the texts that demonstrated this, European methods were used. Colebrooke's solution was to supply a chronology to establish the authenticity that the texts appeared to lack. The oldest text would deem the most authoritative and authentic statement. The variation that existed amongst commentators could be controlled if one could establish as sequence of texts and trace them to an original source. Information on the history and age of authors was very imperfect in Indian texts and as such, an agreed on authoritative, fixed chronology was never established. After Jones announced that he intended to provide Hindus with their own laws through the mediation of English judges assisted by court appointed pandits, a kind of case law came into being over the next forty years. It was the chain of interpretations of precedents by the English judges that in a way preserved Hindu law, as was the case in Thomas Strange's "Elements of Hindu Law".
Jones' Digest.
Sir William Jones was appointed judge in the Supreme Court of Judicature in Calcutta in 1783. He had studied Persian and Arabic at Oxford and had published a number of translations. Additionally, Jones had an active political career and was a very influential figure of the time. After beginning his judicial career in India he found Halhed's code to be more curious than it was useful. Though he had no intention of ever learning Sanskrit, reacting to the defectiveness of the available translations, he became motivated to do so. By 1786, Jones' Sanskrit was good enough to decide between differing opinions of his pandits by reading the appropriate translation of the appropriate text. He was able to whose interpretation of the law was correct.
Jones believed there was a fixed body of laws and codes that had been objects of corruption over time. He wanted to provide the British courts in India, the Crown and the East India Company with a basis on which decisions could be rendered consonant with a pure version of Hindu law. If that could be made available, the Brahmans would no longer be able to rule India corruptly, as they please.
By 1787, Jones had created a plan for the administration of justice in India that reflected the Indian's own principles of jurisprudence. He envisioned a digest (translation completed by Colebrooke) complete with Hindu and Muslim law on the subjects of contracts and inheritances. Jones, having received an Oxford education, was trained in English common law, which was essentially case law. Case law was flexible and subject to multiple interpretations. However, Jones believed that the Hindus had fixed usages. The object of his plan was to find and fix a Hindu civil law with the topics that affected the ownership and transmission of property.
In 1788, Jones requested government support from his plan by reiterating to Cornwallis that it would establish a standard of justice with principles and rules accessible to the English. Cornwallis agreed, and from 1788 until his death in 1794 Jones devoted his time to what would become "The Digest of Hindu Law on Contracts and Successions". By the time of his death he had compiled the Digest in Sanskrit and Arabic and had begun translating them to English. H.T. Colebrooke completed the translation in 1797.
Strange's Hindu Law Manual.
The digests and manuals that followed Halhed's contained more substance and covered more topics of Hindu law, simply because scholars acquired more knowledge over time. Sir Thomas Andrew Lumisden Strange was the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Fort St. George (Madras) from 1801 to 1817. The first edition of Strange's "Elements of Hindu Law" waspublished in 1825.
Each section, when appropriate, defines the topic of Hindu law and includes several definitions that exist within the overarching topic and includes several leading cases that pertain to the topic of law. All of the Digests, Treatises and Manuals on Hindu law take a similar approach. Some go into greater detail in describing the topic of law and/or the specific cases that fell under that law. Each includes a table of contents and a lengthy list of cases for quick reference. For additional sources on Hindu Law manuals and the like see:
Case Law.
Hindu law was codified by the British in multiple ways: translation, documentation, recognition of customary law, and implementation of various Acts. Legislation came to be the strongest source of law in India in so far as it held the highest jurisdiction when sources conflicted. Despite British efforts to avoid the inevitability of English law becoming the law of India, the inevitable proved stronger. Case law was a historically derived law based on the finding of precedent. It was flexible and, for good or for worse, subject to multiple interpretations by judges and lawyers. The following cases illustrate common legal practice of Hindu issues as facilitated by the British.
Marriage Case.
Binda v. Kaunsilia – the right of conjugal cohabitation
Inheritance Cases.
Tarachand v. Reeb Ram
Ramnath Tolapottro v. Durga Sundari Devi – Bengal
Adoption Cases.
Collector of Madura v. Muthu Ramalinga Sethupathy (Ramanad case)
Abraham v Abraham
Venkata v. Subadra – who may give in adoption?
Phase 2.
1864-1947
Administration and Practice.
British Administration of Hindu Personal Laws.
Personal laws can be defined as a, "Part of law that deals with matters pertaining to a person and his or her family". In the case of India, personal laws also refer to the religious laws separately administered to both Muslims and Hindus. The British were quite noble in their painstaking attempts to administer the true religious law of the people they were colonizing. Theodore Goldstucker summed this up well stating, "The Indian system of jurisprudence, the system of law administered in India by the English, is of the strangest description, unparalleled in the history of the world. No government was ever called upon to legislate for so heterogeneous a community, or to combine together so many conflicting systems of law under on general administration of justice. That community includes Hindus, Mahomedans, Englishmen, Buddhists, Jews, Armenians, and Parsees."
Inheritance.
Inheritance laws were those that dealt with wills and succession of property with regards to those who adhered to Hinduism.
Caste.
Laws regarding Hindu caste were administered in situations where caste had an effect on the way particular Hindu laws were to be intrepreted.
Marriage.
Marriage laws under Anglo-Hindu law dealt with the rights of widows, the rights of women, the right to divorce, and the minimum age that one could be in order to marry.
Adoption.
Adoption laws were administered with regards to Hindu law texts and commentaries that were relevant to each case. For instance, in medieval Korala, matrilineal adoption was widely practiced and accepted in their society. I could not find any research on whether the British administered adoption law in this way in regions like Korala, but usually the British held the belief that what was commonly practiced throughout the society was to be considered the prevailing law, and they would rule accordingly.
Courts.
The court system under Anglo-Hindu law is quite difficult to summarize in a cohesive way say it was constantly evolving over the course of British rule. This meant that rather than establishing a hierarchical court system all at once, courts were sporadically established throughout India in a haphazard way, by way mostly of Charters and Parliamentary Acts made by England.
The High Courts of British India.
The three High Courts of Bombay, Calcutta, and Madras were established in the three Presidency towns by Letters Patent from Queen Victoria. Before the Indian High Courts Act of 1961, all three Presidencies had Supreme Courts that were in charge of administering justice. Several other High Courts were established during British rule such as the Allahabad High Court and Karnataka High Court, established in 1866 and 1884, respectively.
Privy Council.
The Privy Council served as the highest court of appeals for Anglo-Hindu law and British Indian law. The Privy Council, located in England, did not only handle Indian appeal cases, its jurisdiction spanned throughout many parts of the United Kingdom. With regards to India, the Privy Council was successful at infusing English concepts and principles into the British Indian legal system and they thus became an integral part of Indian law. The Privy Council had a great effect on the Indian legal system and its influence resulted in the common law that adopted by the colonial legal system in India. "During its career as the highest court of appeals from India for the period of about 200 years, Privy Council rendered over 2,500 judgments, and till today these judgments constitute the fountain-source of law on many points in India."
Role of Pandits.
When the British first became interested in administering law in India, they were at a great disadvantage in terms of being able to understand and decipher the law. They failed to understand that the Hindus did not have a formal written list of laws that could be read and understood and then readily administered by the British judges. Shockingly, they came to discover that the law was much more complicated and they realized that they needed help administering justice to the Hindus. Warren Hastings thus decided to create a, "commission a composition "A Code of Gentoo Laws, Ordination of the Pundits"". While the translations of certain digests definitely improved the judges' knowledge of Hindu laws, in the early stages the pandits were still needed to interpret and to clarify the meanings of the sources of law. The judges developed large mistrust for the pandits and many felt that these pandits were obstructing the administration of justice. Sir William Jones commented on his distrust of the pandits in a letter to Cornwallis stating, "It would be absurd and unjust to pass indiscriminate censure on so considerable a body of men; but my experience justifies me in declaring, that I could not with an easy conscience, concur on any decision, merely on the written opinion of the native lawyers, in any cause in which they could have the remotest interest in misleading the Court. This great mistrust led to a strong mission aimed at translating all of the texts and codifying the Hindu laws so that the pandits would no longer be needed in the court room. The problem with this was that Hindu law was not this simple. Lariviere, a scholar of Hindu law has stated that, "To claim that a single text, or even a series of texts, or eventual a series of decisions based on texts, would be uniformly applicable to all those who claimed to be Hindus was to misunderstand the nature of the dharmsastra and to misunderstand what it meant to be a Hindu". In 1864, the pandits were abolished from the legal process and the judges assumed total control over the administration of justice.
Judges.
Judges in Anglo-Hindu law were for the vast majority of the time of English descent. This led to many complications since the sources in which Hindu law were derived from were written in Sanskrit, a very difficult language to master. As a result, in the beginning judges had to rely on court pandits, or Indian legal experts, who were to play an active role in the case. The court pandits were supposed to listen to the facts of the case and then cite relevant scripture and explain to the judge why the scripture supported one side or the other. Most judges, however, didn't trust these pandits and sought to codify the Hindu law.
Judicial Precedent and English Common Law's influence on Hindu Law.
Judicial precedent and English common law had a major impact on not only the British administration of Hindu law, but the future of Hindu law in India. While the British attempted to be respectful and administer the proper religious laws to the Hindus, it couldn't help but incorporate aspects such as judicial precedent, which is a fundamental part of English common law. Over the course of time, a body of case law grew as the British administers more and more cases that pertained to Hindu law. The judicial decisions made on prior cases began to have a substantial effect on how judges viewed cases brought to the court. If the judge found a prior case (or cases) that was similar to the one he was currently adjudicating, he would likely use justify his ruling citing the prior case (or cases). The use of judicial precedent had substantial effect on Hindu law. Since the language of sacred texts was so inaccessible to English judges, many of the early case rulings may have not been correct. Many failed to understand the true nature of Hindu law and ruled in ways that they personally thought was to be the best. This goes against the idea that Brahmans and pandits, who through the deep and dedicated study of the sacred texts, were the only ones who could decipher the meaning in the context of each particular case.

</doc>
<doc id="20628274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628274" title="Avsa, Kobarid">
Avsa, Kobarid

Avsa is a small village in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia, close to the border with Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20628278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628278" title="Gisela Grothaus">
Gisela Grothaus

Gisela Grothaus (born February 20, 1955 in Berlin) is a West German slalom canoer who competed in the early and mid-1970s. She won a silver medal in the K-1 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="20628286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628286" title="New York Board of Rabbis">
New York Board of Rabbis

The New York Board of Rabbis is an organization of Orthodox, Reform, Conservative and Reconstructionist rabbis in New York State and the surrounding portions of Connecticut and New Jersey.
The roots of the New York Board of Rabbis date to 1881 with the establishment of the New York Board of Jewish Ministers by Rabbis Gustav Gottheil, Adolph Huebsch, Henry S. Jacobs, Kaufmann Kohler, Frederick de Sola Mendes and Abraham Pereira Mendes, who came from differing branches of Judaism, hoping to work together to foster Jewish education and advance Judaism. The New York Board of Rabbis was formally adopted as the organization's name in 1946.
Protests were lodged against the 1948 film "Oliver Twist" noting that Alec Guinness's portrayal of Fagin was considered anti-Semitic. Guinness wore heavy make-up, including a large prosthetic nose, to make him look like the character as he appeared in George Cruikshank's illustrations in the first edition of the novel. As a result of objections by the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith and the New York Board of Rabbis, the film was not released in the United States until 1951 with seven minutes of profile shots and other parts of Guinness's performance removed from the film.
Rabbi Wentworth Arthur Matthew (1892–1973), founder of the Commandment Keepers a sect of Black Jews, applied for membership in the New York Board of rabbis, but was denied.
In 2005, the Board of Rabbis and the New York Catholic League issued a joint statement condemning the pop-culture "Chrismukkah", calling it a "multicultural mess" that is "insulting" to both Jews and Christians.

</doc>
<doc id="20628301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628301" title="Thomas Amlong">
Thomas Amlong

Thomas Amlong (15 June 1935 – 26 January 2009) was an American competition rower and Olympic champion. His brother Joseph Amlong is also a former rower and Olympic champion.
Amlong won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 1964 Summer Olympics, as a member of the American team.

</doc>
<doc id="20628314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628314" title="Overhang (architecture)">
Overhang (architecture)

An overhang in architecture is a protruding structure which may provide protection for lower levels. Overhangs on two sides of Pennsylvania Dutch barns protect doors, windows, and other lower level structure. Overhangs on all four sides of barns is common in Swiss architecture. An Overhanging eave is the edge of a roof, protruding outwards, beyond the side of the building generally to provide weather protection.
History.
Overhangs are also common in medieval Indian architecture, especially the Mughal architecture (16th -18th century), where it is known as "Chhajja", often supported by an ornate corbel and seen in Hindu temple architecture as well. Later it was adapted into the Indo-Saracenic architecture which flourished during the British Raj. Extensive overhangs are incorporated the early Buddhist architecture, seen in early Buddhist temples, later became part of the Tibetan architecture, Chinese architecture, and eventually the traditional Japanese architecture, where it became a striking feature.
In late medieval and Renaissance Europe, the upper storeys of timber framed houses often overhung the storey below; the overhang being called a "jetty". This technique had been superseded by the start of the 18th century, as building in brick or stone became common.
It was one of the most common features of American colonial architecture of New England and Connecticut, starting 17th century, which had an overhanging or jettied second story, which usually ran across the front of the house, sometimes around it. These are known as a garrison houses. Then in early 20th century it was adapted into the Prairie School architecture, with architects like Frank Lloyd Wright, and thus made way into the modern architecture as well. An overhang may also refer to an awning or other protective elements.

</doc>
<doc id="20628338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628338" title="Shandong Bin Ao Aircraft Industries">
Shandong Bin Ao Aircraft Industries

Shandong Bin Ao Aircraft Industries Co., Ltd. () is located in the Dagao Town, Zhanhua County, Binzhou City, Shandong province, China.
History.
The company was founded in 2008. It is a joint venture with a total investment amount of 42,000,000 USD from Diamond Aircraft Industries GmbH, Binzhou Dagao General Aviation City Co., Ltd., Sociedade de Investimento e Fomento Predial Long Win Linitada and Binzhou Ding Yi Investment Management Co., Ltd.
On the 26th of November, 2006, the joint venture will be issued a quality certification by EASA; it will sell 200 aircraft every year to the market of Europe and America.
There are almost 100 technicians coming from every part of the country, including 7 persons with high title, 11 persons with master’s degree and 63 persons with bachelor's degree, in the company now. Most technicians and workers will be sent to Austria for technical training. At present, 23 engineering technicians are under a 4-month training program in the Austria.
The factory building is designed by Binzhou Planning and Design Institute and China Space Civil & Building Engineering Design & Research Institute. The total construction area is 28,700 m2. It can be divided into 4 zones by function as follows: zone A is Composite Production Area, zone B is Painting Area, zone C is Assembly Area, and zone D is for inspection, exhibition and sales.
The joint venture manufactures mainly DA40 Diamond Aircraft with a yearly production scale of 500 aircraft. DA40 Aircraft is made of composite material, and can be used for a very long time; its fuel consumption is low(27 liter per 100 km); its take-off distance is short(it can take off after taxiing for about 360 meters); it provides high safety performance with wider side surfaces of the wing, and it has good gliding performance, too.

</doc>
<doc id="20628382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628382" title="Peter Snijders">
Peter Snijders

Peter Snijders (born September 14, 1943 in Eindhoven, Noord-Brabant) is a retired judoka from the Netherlands. Together with his twin brother Jan Snijders, Anton Geesink, Hein Essink, Tonni Wagenaar, Coos Bontje, Jan van Ierland, Martin Poglajen, Joop Gouweleeuw, Wim Ruska, Ernst Eugster, Henk Numan, Peter Adelaar, Willy Wilhelm, Ben Spijkers, Anthony Wurth and Theo Meyer he belongs to the generation of Dutch top judoka which gained their successes in the 1960s and 1970s. Peter also was a former association coach of the Dutch judo association.
Judo career.
Peter Snijders started with judo in 1954. Peter Snijders as well as his twin brother Jan was known, or indeed notorious, for his technical perfection (Tai Otoshi). Snijders became in 1966, (80 kilogrammes class) and 1969, (93 kilogrammes class) European champion judo. In 1965, he gained, as substitute of Anton Geesink, the bronze medal in open-class during the world championships in Rio de Janeiro. After his career as a judoka he became pedagogue in penitentiary institutions.
Present.
Today Peter Snijders teaches Judo in Heeze and Nuenen along with one of his former students Martin Mordang. As from Januari 1 2009, he is running his own Judo club under the name 'Team Snijders'.

</doc>
<doc id="20628397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628397" title="Emory Clark">
Emory Clark

Emory Clark (born 23 March 1938) is an American competition rower and Olympic champion, and later attorney. He was captain of the Yale Heavyweight crew, a member of the Class of 1960 and Scroll and Key.
Clark won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 1964 Summer Olympics, as a member of the American team.

</doc>
<doc id="20628416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628416" title="Cat Aficionado Association">
Cat Aficionado Association

The Cat Aficionado Association, Inc. (CAA) is China's largest registry of pedigreed cats and is recognized internationally in conjunction with American Cat Fanciers Association (ACFA) as the premiere pedigreed cat registering association in Asia. Headquartered in Beijing, China, CAA was established officially March 3, 2001.
To enter the international arena, CAA established a partnership with ACFA in 2002. CAA abides by ACFA standards, and invites ACFA judges to preside over its official competitive events.
Purpose.
CAA's official goal is to publicize and promote pedigreed breeds of cats and to propagate the well-being of all non-pedigree cats, domestic, stray, feral or wild. CAA also has made extensive efforts to promote one of China's most popular native homegrown breeds, the Dragon Li / Li Hua Mau. The CAA logo design depicts a Dragon Li.
Activities.
CAA is evolving as an organization and through the association's unremitting efforts, has rescued or enacted a Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) effort for thousands of documented feral and abandoned felines throughout Asia. CAA also trains and assists catteries, and purebred feline owners in registering pedigree.

</doc>
<doc id="20628424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628424" title="Magdalena Wunderlich">
Magdalena Wunderlich

Magdalena Wunderlich (born May 16, 1952 in Großhesselohe, Pullach) is a West German slalom canoer who competed in the early and mid 1970s. She won a bronze medal in the K-1 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="20628447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628447" title="Borjana">
Borjana

Borjana is a village in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Catherine of Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="20628468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628468" title="Jing (software)">
Jing (software)

Jing is a screencasting computer program launched in 2007 as Jing Project by the TechSmith Corporation. The software takes a picture or video of the user's computer screen and uploads it to the Web, FTP, computer or clipboard. If uploaded to the web, the program automatically creates a URL to the image that can be shared with others. Jing is compatible with Macintosh and Microsoft Windows. Users must sign up for an account before using the software.
Its simple format and the ability to quickly upload screencasts have made Jing useful for virtual reference in libraries.
On 6 January 2009, TechSmith released Jing Pro, a paid premium version of Jing.
In February 2012, Techsmith announced Jing Pro is to be retired. All users (regardless of subscription) can use this service until 28 February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20628479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628479" title="Doug Perlman">
Doug Perlman

Douglas Perlman (born October 8, 1968) is a veteran sports media executive who had senior leadership positions at companies such as the National Hockey League and IMG before founding Sports Media Advisors (SMA). He is viewed as an industry leader who, among other things, has been named to the "Sports Business Journal’s" "Forty Under 40" three times, earned a spot in their Hall of Fame, and been recognized by The Sporting News as one of the 100 Most Powerful People in Sports.
Perlman began his career as an attorney at Proskauer Rose, a leading global law firm with the nation's top sports law practice. At Proskauer, he focused on sports and entertainment law before joining the National Hockey League, a firm client, as Associate Counsel. Shortly after his arrival at the NHL in 1995, the League first began to pursue opportunities in the new world of digital media. Perlman played a critical role in the negotiation and structuring of the League's seminal digital rights deal and soon segued into a business role focusing on the League's digital media efforts. He has been involved in the world of sports and digital media virtually since it began. Perlman spent more than 10 years at the NHL serving in a variety of capacities, ultimately heading up all of the League's well-regarded television and digital media efforts as Executive Vice President, Media and a member of the Commissioner's senior management team. In this role he was responsible for the League's network television deals and partnerships, led the launch of the League's cable network (The NHL Network) and oversaw all aspects of the League's digital businesses, including rights negotiations, business development, production and sales. Following the NHL, Perlman joined IMG, a global leader in the sports, entertainment and media industry. Perlman was appointed President of IMG Media, North America where he again oversaw the television and digital media businesses including strategy, rights negotiations, new business initiatives, production and distribution. He was also a member of IMG's six-member global leadership team.
In 2009 Perlman formed Sports Media Advisors. Since that time he has worked on all of SMA’s client engagements in a variety of capacities, including work with the NFL, NASCAR, USTA, PGA Tour, Fantasy Sports Ventures, Goldman Sachs, IMG, and AlixPartners. 
Early and Personal Life.
Doug Perlman was born in Westport, Connecticut and attended Staples High School. He graduated from Duke University with a B.A. in Political Science in 1990, and a J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1993. 
Perlman currently resides in New Canaan, Connecticut with his wife, Carol K. 'Lisa' Perlman and three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="20628481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628481" title="Simone Bonomi">
Simone Bonomi

Simone Bonomi (born 8 November 1980) is an Italian association footballer who plays for Sorrento of Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
Biography.
Bonomi started his career at A.C. Milan youth teams. In 1999 he signed Prato in co-ownership bid of Serie C2. He played 50 times in the league, and also played 5 times in the playoff (2000, 2001). In summer 2001, he joined Avellino of Serie C1 in joint-ownership bid. In January 2002, he joined Poggibonsi of Serie C2 on loan, and also played once in relegation playoff.
Siena.
In summer 2002, Bonomi joined A.C. Siena of Serie B. He never became a regular of the team, although made his Serie A debut on 25 October 2003 against U.S. Lecce. He played 5 times in Serie A before left for Serie A rival Chievo on loan. In 2004–05 and 2005–06, Bonomi was loaned to Napoli (Serie C1) and Verona (Serie B) respectively. He also played 4 times for Napoli in Serie C1 playoff.
Crotone, Bari & Perugia.
In summer 2006, he joined F.C. Crotone and followed the team relegated to Serie C1. He played twice in Serie C1 playoff for Crotone. In July 2008, he joined A.S. Bari of Serie B, signed a 2-year contract.
In August 2009, he signed a 1-year contract with Perugia.
Going south: Sorrento..
On 25 July 2011 Bonomi signed a 2-year deal that will keep him with the club until 2013.
As of December 2011 he has made 13 appearances for the club and is sticking to his (earlier) word that he had come to the club to improve, by turning in some commendable appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20628510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628510" title="Helene Hathaway Britton">
Helene Hathaway Britton

Helene Hathaway Robison Britton (1879 - January 8, 1950) was the owner of the St. Louis Cardinals baseball team of the National League from through . She inherited the franchise upon the death of her uncles, Frank and Stanley Robison. Britton was the first woman to own a Major League Baseball franchise.
Biography.
Growing up in Cleveland, Ohio, Britton's father owned the Cleveland Spiders until the team folded after the 1899 season. She inherited ownership of the St. Louis Cardinals on the death of her uncle, Stanley Robison, in 1911. She divorced Cardinals president Schuler Britton in 1916. She sold the team in 1917 remarried, and died in Philadelphia at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="20628517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628517" title="William Knecht">
William Knecht

William Knecht (March 10, 1930 – December 17, 1992) was an American competition rower and Olympic champion. 
Knecht won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 1964 Summer Olympics, as a member of the American team.

</doc>
<doc id="20628523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628523" title="Gastón Cellerino">
Gastón Cellerino

Gastón Andrés Javier Cellerino Grasso (born 26 June 1986) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for the chilean club Santiago Wanderers as striker.
Cellerino began his career at the youth ranks of the Argentine powerhouse Boca Juniors, despite of be supporter of the rival River Plate, declaring several years later. In December 2006, he traveled to Peru and signed for Universidad San Martín de Porres of that country's first tier. At San Martín, he scored six goals in 13 appearances, but was not considerated by the team for the following season, and shortly after signed for Uruguayan second division side Atenas de San Carlos.
In January 2008, Cellerino was signed by the Chilean Primera División club Rangers for play the Apertura Tournament of that year. In the following tournament, the Clausura, he was the second top-scorer of the contest along with Néstor Bareiro with 16 goals only surpassed by Lucas Barrios. Including during the same tournament, he scored a bicycle kick goal in the Playoffs semi-finals against Palestino, that was applauded by the referee Carlos Chandía.
Thanks his notable season at the Chilean football, he joined Italian Serie A club Livorno. In January 2010, Celta Vigo signed him on loan for play at the Spanish Liga Adelante, being again loaned in June 2011 to his country's team Racing Club. On 10 February 2012, after of be released of Livorno, Cellerino signed for Unión La Calera, defeating the interest that O'Higgins had on his services.

</doc>
<doc id="20628536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628536" title="Nancy Sutley">
Nancy Sutley

Nancy Helen Sutley leads the White House Council on Environmental Quality. She was confirmed by the United States Senate through unanimous consent January 22, 2009. In her role as chair, she serves as the principal environmental policy advisor to the president. The Council on Environmental Quality coordinates federal environmental efforts and works with agencies other than White House offices in the development of environmental policies and initiatives.
Prior to being confirmed by the Senate to lead the CEQ, Sutley served as deputy mayor for Energy and Environment in Los Angeles, California, and as Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa's appointment to the board of directors for the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California. Mayor Villaraigosa turned to her to achieve his goal of transforming L.A. into one of the greenest big cities in America. As a result, Sutley retrofitted 500 of the city's oldest buildings to make them more energy efficient and imposed environmental standards on new large communities. 
Sutley has committed more than 20 years to protecting public health and the environment and to energy and climate change issues. She has also devoted much of her career to public service.
Sutley has announced that she will step down as Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality in February, 2014. 
Education and early career.
Sutley was born April 20, 1962 in New York and was raised in Queens, New York. Her parents came to the United States from Argentina in search of a better life, something that shaped her values of hard work and the importance to giving back to the community. She holds a master of public policy from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, and an undergraduate B.A. degree in government from Cornell University. During the Clinton Administration, she was an Environmental Protection Agency official, and served as special assistant to the EPA administrator in Washington, D.C. Sutley was the first prominent gay person named to a senior role in the Obama administration.
Previous work.
Sutley served as a member of Hillary Clinton's Southern California Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender steering committee. She was also a prominent supporter of Senator Clinton's primary campaign. In addition, she supported a requirement for Los Angeles to produce 20 percent of its power from renewable sources. From 1999 to 2003, she worked as deputy secretary for policy and intergovernmental relations at the California Environmental Protection Agency. She furthered her environmental career as a member of the California State Water Resources Control Board and as the top energy advisor to former Governor Gray Davis.
Major accomplishments.
Sutley is a member of the Los Angeles Metropolitan Water District board of directors. She has promoted measures to conserve energy in the White House, which include installing low-flush toilets, adding sensors that automatically turn off lights in unused areas, and introducing the use of recycling bins. The CEQ chair defines her mission as translating Obama's green agenda across government agencies, preserving natural heritage sites such as the Chesapeake Bay, the Everglades, and the Great Lakes, and putting science at the heart of decision-making. As part of the Department of Energy's demonstration project showing that American solar technologies are available, she has led plans to install solar panels and a solar hot water heater on the roof of the White House.

</doc>
<doc id="20628546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628546" title="Melvyn Jones">
Melvyn Jones

Melvyn Jones (born 26 January 1964 in Stourbridge) is a British slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s.
He won three medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with two golds (K-1 team: 1987, 1993) and a bronze (K-1: 1993).
Jones also finished seventh in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
His wife, Elisabeth, won a gold medal for Germany in the women's K-1 event at those same games.

</doc>
<doc id="20628579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628579" title="Eastern Samar State University">
Eastern Samar State University

The Eastern Samar State University is a state university in the Philippines with main campus located in Borongan, Eastern Samar. It has satellite campus in Maydolong, Eastern Samar.
History.
Founded On February 14, 1960 ( as the Eastern Samar National Regional Agricultural School – ESNRAS) through R.A. 2434. Some 120 Students held sessions in a rented building in Borongan. The school was later established in Malbog, far-flung barrio of Borongan, reach only by climbing steep mountains and by crossing creeks.
In 1967, the school was resettled to its present between the Barangays of Tabunan and Maypangdan, some seven kilometers away from the provincial capital city of Borongan.
The school was converted into the Eastern Samar Agricultural College (ESIAC) in 1973 to meet the clamor for the offering of the collegiate courses. ESIAC promptly opened a program in Associate in Agriculture and later Bachelor of Science in Agriculture (BSA) when it became Eastern Samar State College of Agriculture (ESCA) in 1978.
ESCA was converted into the Eastern Samar State College (ESSC) by virtue of B.P 394 on May 18, 1993. This conversion eventually paved the way to rapid expansion in program offerings with courses in teacher education, vocational post-secondary education, business and commerce, engineering and law.
Republic Act 8292, enacted on June 6, 1997 mandated the CHED Supervised Higher Education Institution of a province to be integrated in a State College or a University (SUC) System. ESSC Guiuan (Formerly Felipe Abrigo National memorial College of arts and Trade), ESSC Salcedo (Formerly Southern Samar College of Agriculture, Science and Technology) and ESSC Can-avid (Formerly Can-avid National and Agriculture College) were integrated into Eastern Samar State College in Borongan .
On August 7, 2004, R.A. 9312 was signed into law by President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, converting ESSC into a University call Eastern Samar State University, which furthermore integrated the Maydolong National Agricultural School into the new University. Congressman Marcelino C. Libanan introduced the conversion bill in 2003 during the 12th congress, and Senator Francis N. Pangilinan sponsored it in the Senate.
General mandate.
The University shall primarily provide advanced education, higher technology, professional instruction and training in the fields of industry computer and information technology, forestry, and environmental sciences, agricultural and veterinary medicine, fishery, medicine, and other related fields of study. It shall also promote research and extension services progressive leadership in the areas of specialization.
Curricular offerings.
Curricular Offering of the Eastern Samar State University
Graduate School: Main Campus
College of Engineering and Technology - Main Campus
College of Education - Main Campus
- Bachelor Of Elementary Education
- Bachelor Of Secondary Education
 * Biological Science
 * Social Science
 * English
College of Agriculture and Natural Science - Main Campus
- Bachelor of Science in Agricultural Management
- Bachelor of Science in Agriculture
 * Animal Science
- Bachelor of Arts - Mass Communication
- Bachelor of Science in Nursing
College of Business Management and Accountancy - Main Campus
- Bachelor of Science in Accountancy
- Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
 * Business economics
 * Human Resource Development
 * Financial Management
- Bachelor of Science in Hotel Resort, Restaurant Management
- Bachelor of Science in Tourism
Salcedo Campus
- Bachelor Of Elementary Education
- Bachelor Of Secondary Education
 * Mathematics
 * Physical Science
 * T. L. E.
- Bachelor Of Science In Agricultural Engineering
- Bachelor Of Science In Computer Science
- Bachelor Of Science In Agribusiness
 * Agribusiness Management
- Bachelor Of Science In Agriculture
Maydolong Campus
- Bachelor Of Science Elementary Education
- Bachelor of Science Secondary Education
 * Social Science
 * Filipino
 * English
 * T.L.E.
- Bachelor of science in industrial technology
- Bachelor of science in civil engineering
- Bachelor of science in hotel, resort and restaurant management 
- Bachelor of science in tourism
 * Travel and tour management
Guiuan Campus
- Bachelor of secondary education
 * Social science
 * Mathematics
- Bachelor of Elementary Education
- Bachelor of Agricultural Technology
- Bachelor of Science in Agriculture
 * Agro Forestry
 * Crop Science
- Bachelor of Science in Agriculture
- Associate in Computer Science
Can-avid Campus
- Bachelor of Science in Criminology
- Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology
 * Food and Beverage Service Technology
 * Civil Technology
- Bachelor of Elementary Education
- Bachelor of Secondary Education
 * T.L.E.
 * MAPEH

</doc>
<doc id="20628631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628631" title="Terapon jarbua">
Terapon jarbua

Terapon jarbua, Target Fish, Crescent Bass, Crescent Perch or Tiger Bass is a Grunter from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 36 cm in length although is rarely seen half that size in the aquarium. 
It gets its name from the concentric circle pattern that can be seen from above, resembling a target.
Feeds on insects, plant matter, small fish, fish scales and crustaceans. Can be found in brackish water in certain parts of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20628636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628636" title="Theophilus W. Smith">
Theophilus W. Smith

Theophilus Washington Smith (September 28, 1784 – May 6, 1846) was an Illinois Supreme Court Justice from 1825 until his resignation on December 26, 1842. He holds the distinction of being the subject of Illinois's first impeachment trial, held in 1833.
Smith was born in New York City and joined the navy before becoming a law student in the offices of Aaron Burr. He was admitted to the New York bar in 1805.
In 1816, Smith migrated to Illinois, settling in Edwardsville. He ran for state Attorney General in 1820, but was unsuccessful. In 1822, Smith was elected to the state Senate, where he served for four years. During this time, he was also the editor of a pro-slavery newspaper and attempted to adopt a new Illinois State Constitution in 1823 that would have legalized slavery in the state.
One of Smith's political rivals was Governor Ninian Edwards, upon whom Smith once drew a pistol. Edwards grabbed the gun away from Smith and broke Smith's jaw, leaving a scar.
Smith was elected as an Associate justice to the Illinois Supreme Court in 1825. In late 1832, he was impeached by the General Assembly on charges of oppressive conduct, corruption, and high misdemeanors. He went on trial in the State Senate in 1833, the only time an impeachment trial has been held in Illinois until the impeachment of Governor Rod Blagojevich in 2009. Smith was acquitted by a vote of 12 for conviction to 10 for acquittal with 4 Senators "excused from voting." A two-thirds conviction vote was required.
When Jean Baptiste Beaubien sued for the property on which Fort Dearborn stood, Smith wrote the Supreme Court's decision in favor of Beaubien's claim, although it was later overturned by the United States Supreme Court.
During the Black Hawk War, Smith served as Quartermaster-General on Governor John Reynolds's staff. and he also served on the first board of commissioners of the Illinois and Michigan Canal.
One of Smith's daughters married Judge Jesse B. Thomas. Another daughter was courted by General James Semple, although Smith's rejection of Semple as a suitable suitor turned Semple, who would later serve on the Supreme Court with Smith, into a lifelong enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="20628639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628639" title="Danielle Woodward">
Danielle Woodward

Danielle Anne Woodward OAM (born 20 March 1965 in Melbourne) is an Australian slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 2000s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won a silver medal in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Woodward was born in Burwood in Melbourne's eastern suburbs and grew up in Newtown in New South Wales.
She was a Detective with the Australian Federal Police at the time of the 1992 Summer Olympics and is currently a Detective Sergeant in their Melbourne Office.
Woodward was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) on Australia Day 2002 and the Australian Sports Medal.
Woodward was appointed as a director Australian Canoeing on 29 April 2007. On 15 November 2008, she was elected president of the governing body.

</doc>
<doc id="20628643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628643" title="Andreas Peter Berggreen">
Andreas Peter Berggreen

Andreas Peter Berggreen (March 2, 1801 – November 8, 1880) was a Danish composer, organist, and pedagogue.
Berggreen was born and died in Copenhagen. He initially studied law before pursuing a career in music, studying under Christopher Ernst Friedrich Weyse. Berggreen was the organist at Trinitatis Kirke in Copenhagen from 1838 and taught singing at the Metropolitanskolen from 1843. In 1859 he was appointed a song inspector by the Danish government.
Apart from several pieces of incidental music, a cantata, solo piano works, and songs, he published the folk song collections "Folk Sange og Melodier" (1842-71) and "Melodier til Salmebog" (1853).

</doc>
<doc id="20628655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628655" title="Harold Budd (rower)">
Harold Budd (rower)

Harold Boyce Budd, Jr. (born 4 January 1939) is an American competition rower and Olympic champion. 
Budd won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 1964 Summer Olympics, as a member of the American team.

</doc>
<doc id="20628678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628678" title="STX Finland">
STX Finland

STX Finland Oy, formerly Aker Yards Oy, is a Finnish shipbuilding company operating two shipyards in Finland, in Turku and Rauma, employing some 2,500 people. It is part of STX Europe, a group of international shipbuilding companies owned by the South Korean STX Corporation.
In September 2013, STX Finland announced that the shipyard in Rauma would be closed in June 2014.
History.
STX Finland Oy is a descendant of different shipyard companies. Wärtsilä operated the shipyards of Helsinki and Turku since the 1930s. Wärtsilä Marine went bankrupt in 1989 after merging with Valmet shipyards. Masa-Yards was established by Martin Saarikangas with financing from the shipping companies to finish the ships under construction, eventually taking over the operations of Wärtsilä's former shipyards. In the mid-90s Kvaerner purchased Masa-Yards and Kvaerner Masa-Yards was born. In 1991 the shipbuilding businesses of Hollming Oy of Rauma and Rauma-Repola of Rauma were merged to form Finnyards. This company was purchased by Kvaerner and became Aker Finnyards. In January 2005 Kvaerner Masa-Yards and Aker Finnyards merged to form the "new" Aker Finnyards Oy. The name of the company was changed to Aker Yards Oy on 7 June 2006, and to STX Finland Cruise Oy on 23 November 2008. Since September 2009 the company has been named STX Finland Oy.
STX Finland and its predecessors have built many luxurious cruise ships, including the very first modern purpose-built cruise ship, the "Song of Norway". Recent cruise ships built by the company include the two Oasis-class vessels, "Oasis of the Seas" (2009) and "Allure of the Seas" (2010) which currently hold the record for largest cruise ships in the world. STX Europe is also responsible for the largest cruiseferry in the world, Color Line's "Color Fantasy", and her sister ship that entered service in late 2007.
The company is also the principal yard for the Finnish Navy and the world's leading builder of icebreakers. It has a 50% share in Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, a joint venture with United Shipbuilding Corporation.
2012–2013 funding crisis.
In December 2012, STX Finland lost an order for a third "Oasis"-class cruise ship, worth nearly 1 billion euro, to STX France. For several months prior to this, the shipbuilding company, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Policy and the Minister of Economic Affairs of Finland had been in talks for financing the newbuilding, and the government officials were expected to present Royal Caribbean with an attractive financing package to stimulate economic growth and ensure employment as the order would have provided work for the Finnish Maritime Cluster for 12,000 man-years. However, on 23 November it was reported that the Cabinet Committee had refused to finance the loan for the order. Through December, STX Finland and the potential order for the third "Oasis"-class vessel was in the Finnish news almost daily while the Government debated whether or not grant a 50 million euro loan to the shipyard. One of the reasons why the loan was not readily given was the poor financial situation of the parent company, STX Corporation. On 21 December, the Government of Finland again refused to loan money to the shipyard, but offered a 28.3 million euro "innovation fund" if the ship, dubbed "Sanctuary" in the news, is ordered. This was not enough, and on 27 December Royal Caribbean ordered the third "Oasis"-class cruise ship from the government-backed French shipbuilding company.
In addition, the financing package for the two cruise ships ordered by TUI Cruises, of which the first is already in production, was tied to the funding of the third "Oasis"-class cruise ship. Since the order was awarded to the French shipyard, STX Finland had to apply for a separate financing from the government-owned export credit company Finnvera. However, on 12 January 2013 it was reported that it would not be granted due to the poor financial situation of the STX Corporation. If funding is not obtained, there is a danger that the shipyard, which has no other ships in its orderbook, will be closed.
In April 2013, it was reported that STX could be facing bankruptcy after it failed to sell its affiliate, STX Pan Ocean, and the company's shares dropped 15% in the Seoul stock exchange.
Closing of the shipyard in Rauma.
On 16 September 2013, STX Finland announced that the shipyard in Rauma, which has not been awarded newbuilding orders for several years, would close its doors in the end of June 2014. According to the company, which had not made profit for six consencutive years, this was the only way to guarantee the continuation of the shipbuilding industry in Finland. When the shipyard is closed, about 600 people will lose their jobs.
On 10 October 2013, it was reported that the state-run Korea Development Bank (KDB), the key creditor of STX, is looking to sell the European shipyards. Among them are STX Finland's shipyards in Turku and Rauma, and 50% of the joint enterprise Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
On 22 January 2014, the city of Rauma purchased the shipyard from STX Finland for 18.1 million euro. A potential use for the site is a marine-related business park. However, it is unlikely shipbuilding will continue in Rauma.

</doc>
<doc id="20628681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628681" title="Plectorhinchus lineatus">
Plectorhinchus lineatus

Plectorhinchus lineatus, the yellow-banded sweetlips, is a species of grunt coral reefs of the western Pacific Ocean, where it occurs at depths from . This species can reach in TL. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20628712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628712" title="Taff Bargoed">
Taff Bargoed

The Taff Bargoed Valley is a river valley near Pontypridd in South Wales, and lies off the Abercynon roundabout on the A470 road, and is approximately 14 miles from Cardiff. The main settlements are Nelson, Edwardsville, Quakers Yard, Treharris, Trelewis, and Bedlinog. The valley is situated where the three County Boroughs of Caerphilly, Rhondda Cynon Taff, and Merthyr Tydfil meet.
Originally a collection of farms, from the early 1800s the valley was industrialised through coal mining, developing a rich Industrial heritage. During the Industrial Revolution the area was home to the Trelewis Drift Mine, the Taff Merthyr Colliery and the Deep Navigation colleries.
Since the coal mines closed in the 1980s, the valley has been extensively redeveloped, becoming a haven for wildlife such as Red Kites and otters. At the heart of the valley is Parc Taf Bargoed which is popular with visitors and locals alike. As well as rugby and football facilities, there are a Trim Trail and heritage walks. The park also has a popular fishing lake, used by the Taff Bargoed Anglers and weir pools which are used by the Aberfan Canoe Club and rapidly becoming an internationally recognised venue for canoe polo and canoe slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="20628718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628718" title="Stanstead St Margarets">
Stanstead St Margarets

Stanstead St Margarets, often abbreviated to just St Margarets, is a village and civil parish in the district of East Hertfordshire, Hertfordshire, England. It is located half way between the towns of Hoddesdon and Ware. The village is separated from the village of Stanstead Abbotts by the River Lea, and had a population of 1,318 at the census of 2001.
Geography.
The Greenwich Meridian (longitude 0°) passes through the village with its exact position marked by Meridian obelisks which were erected in 1984 to commemorate the centenary of the adoption of the prime meridian line. The current line is one of many that have existed, however the Global Positioning Satellite (GPS) system uses a prime meridian that is about 100 metres east of the Greenwich Meridian at Stanstead Abbotts. 
Transport.
The village is served by St Margarets station on the Hertford East Line, operated by Greater Anglia. St Margaret's Station was formerly the start of the now disused Buntingford Branch Line.
Sport.
The St. Margaretsbury recreation ground hosts both a football club, St. Margaretsbury F.C., and both youth and adult and cricket club.
The village has a Scout Group, the 1st Stanstead Abbotts & St. Margaret's Scout Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20628729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628729" title="Gustavo Canales">
Gustavo Canales

Gustavo Javier Canales (, born 30 March 1982) is an Argentine-born Chilean footballer that currently plays in Unión Española. He plays as a striker.
Club career.
Early years.
Canales previously played for Deportes La Serena in the Primera Division de Chile.
Unión Española.
In January 2010 River Plate signed the striker from Unión Española on a 70% to 30% joint ownership deal for around $1 million until 2013. After a poor season with "los millonarios", Canales returned to Chile to play for Unión Española.
Universidad de Chile.
On 20 December 2010, Canales signed a one-year deal with Universidad de Chile for a fee of US$1.2 million, being the most expensive transfer of this club. He also arrived as naturalized player. 
On June 11, Canales led Universidad de Chile to their 14th title by scoring a Hat-trick against Universidad Católica in the Apertura 2011 final.
Some months after, in December 2011, the club was champion of the 2011 Copa Sudamericana. In the tournament, Canales scored three goals (the most important of these was against CR Vasco da Gama in the semifinals).
Dalian Aerbin.
Canales joined Chinese Super League side Dalian Aerbin on 11 February 2012 for a fee of US$2.6 million and signing a three-year deal. Canales scored four goals in his first five league games with Dalian Aerbin.

</doc>
<doc id="20628753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628753" title="Plectorhinchus picus">
Plectorhinchus picus

Plectorhinchus picus, the painted sweetlips, is a species of grunt native to coral reefs of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean at depths of . This species can reach in TL. It is a commercially important species and can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20628768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628768" title="Health care in Idaho">
Health care in Idaho

Available Insurance Coverage for Low Income Families.
In the state of Idaho, there is insurance to cover children. A major contributor to covering children in the state of Idaho is, Health Insurance Premium Assistance. This is an access card available for children. This access card allows parents to purchase private health insurance. This card is very useful and allows parents and families to purchase health insurance when their children meet the guidelines. It also was designed to for low income families. It is meant to help make insurance more affordable to low waged families.
A low wage family classified by this program, would be a family whose income is mandatory Medicaid levels, but below 185 federal poverty level (FDL).These families also have to be employed by the State of Idaho, who they must be a spouse of an Idaho employee. When a child meets is eligible they qualify for at least $100 per month in premium assistance. A family that has more than 3 children are eligible to receive $300 per month. Although parents will have an amount they are issued and required to pay. They are required to pay deductibles, co-pays, and premium payments.
Medicaid.
Another program that the state of Idaho offers is Medicaid, which is direct coverage for children. In order for a children to receive Medicaid, they are reviewed on their health needs. Once enrolled, the person must go through a health test. Which consist of going through a health screening and placed into a primary care case management system. Medicaid consist of three different plans that are characterized to fit people in society’s needs.
The plan that is based for children is the Medicaid Basic Plan. “The Medicaid Basic Plan is for healthy low-income children and adults with eligible dependent children. This plan provides complete health, prevention, and wellness benefits for children and adults who don't have special health needs. Most Medicaid participants will be enrolled in this benefit plan.” 

</doc>
<doc id="20628772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628772" title="Justin Boots">
Justin Boots

Justin Boots is an American western and equine footwear brand. It is a division of Justin Brands, itself owned by Berkshire Hathaway. Other brands are Tony Lama Boots, Nocona Boots, Chippewa Boots, and Justin Original Workboots.
Early history.
H.J. "Joe" Justin started repairing boots in Gainesville, Texas. After receiving a loan to purchase materials, he began making his own cowboy boots. 
Justin was an early user of decorative stitching, incorporating rows of stitches across the boot tops as a means of stiffening the leather, preventing it from folding around the ankles. 
In 1887, Justin married Louanna “Annie” Allen. In the early 1890s, Annie Justin developed a self-measuring kit, making it possible for customers to order the company's products by mail. 
When a railroad was built in Nocona, Texas, in 1889, the Justins moved there to capitalize on the larger market opportunity. Joe and Annie had seven children — three sons and four daughters — who each helped with the family business. In 1908, Justin told his two oldest sons, John and Earl, that they would become equal partners in the family business. He then changed the name of his boot company to H.J. Justin & Sons.
The Justins moved the business to Fort Worth, Texas in 1925. 
In 1947, annual sales reached $1 million. Three years later, Joe’s grandson, John Justin Jr., bought out the company’s stock and gained control of the company. On Nov. 3, 1950, John Jr. became vice president and general manager of H.J. Justin & Sons, Inc. In 1954, he invented the roper boots. Based on an old military boot, the Justin roper helped calf ropers better compete in rodeos because they required boots without a higher heel.
The company merged with Acme Brick Company in 1968 to become First Worth Corporation. In 1972, John Justin Jr. was elected president and chairman of the board, and the company’s name officially changed to Justin Industries, Inc. 
Nocona Boot Company became part of Justin Industries when John Justin purchased the controlling shares from his aunt, Enid Justin, in 1981. In 1984, the company acquired Chippewa Shoe Company. In 1990, Justin Industries purchased competitor Tony Lama Boots.
In 1999, John Justin stepped down from his role as chairman of the board of Justin Industries, Inc., and in 2000 the board of directors for Justin Industries approved the sale of the company to Warren Buffett and the Berkshire-Hathaway Corp.
Support for Rodeo.
Justin Boots supports professional cowboys through the Justin Sportsmedicine Team and the Justin Cowboy Crisis Fund. The Justin Sportsmedicine Team made its debut at the National Finals Rodeo in 1980 and provides emergency attention to injured competing athletes onsite. The Justin Cowboy Crisis Fund was established in 1989 to provide financial assistance to injured rodeo athletes and has since raised more than $1.1 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20628796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628796" title="Chop-Chop">
Chop-Chop

"Chop-Chop" is Killing Joke's second single from their third studio album, "Revelations". It released under E'G Records as a 7" single. The B-side, "Good Samaritan", was also off "Revelations". This single, unlike "Empire Song", did not chart.
Production and release.
"Chop-Chop" suffered the same fate as "Empire Song". At Top of the Pops, the "Coleman Fake" was used again as Paul Ferguson provided lyrics and drums. By this time, Coleman was the only member of Killing Joke to move to Iceland. However, by the end of the year, the other three members soon moved to Iceland to avoid the apocalypse, predicted by Coleman.

</doc>
<doc id="20628807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628807" title="Plectorhinchus diagrammus">
Plectorhinchus diagrammus

Plectorhinchus diagrammus, the striped sweetlips, is a species of grunt native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is a denizen of coral reefs. This species can reach in TL. It can be found in the aquarium trade and is farmed.

</doc>
<doc id="20628809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628809" title="Chilamkur">
Chilamkur

Chilamkur is an industrial center located on one of the tributaries of the river Penna in Yerraguntla mandal, Kadapa District, Andhra Pradesh, India. The Nearest railway station exists in the town of Yerraguntla which is about 9 km away. Rayalaseema Thermal Power Project is one of the major industries which is close to Chilamkur.
Chilamkur.
Chilamkur has a "Zilla Praja Parishad High School", a Government Hospital, a State Bank of India branch, a Syndicate Bank branch, a Post Office and a cinema theater(Now modified into MBMR Function Hall). roadlu" in Telugu, which translates into 'four roads', recently started 33/11kv sub station.
Temples:
There are several temples in Chilamkur, an Ancient Temple for Lord Shiva, which is recognized by Archeological Department, Lord Venkateshwara temple which is recently built, Hanuman Temple, Ram Mandir, Mosque and Church.
Hereditary Diseases:
There is also a Dangerous hereditary disease called "Hemophilia" affected for 20 families. If any person married any of these family members, the disease may spread for their Kids. You can contact hemophilia society Sr. Vice President Mr. Chappidi Krishna Reddy or Vice President Mr. C Ramanjaneya Reddy or Asst Vice President Mr. Basam Nikhilesh Reddy. The Kadapa chapter of hemophila society has 92 members with Nikhilesh Reddy being the first candidate.
Cement Industry.
Due to the abundance of limestone in the surrounding areas, Coromandel Fertilizers Pvt. Ltd set up a cement plant named Coromandel Cements Pvt. Ltd. near Chilamkur. It built a state of the art residential colony adjacent to the cement factory which was complete with a missionary school named "St. Annes English Medium school", provisional stores, clubs, and a temple. The colony which primarily consisted of barren lands in the early 90s is now green with plenty of vegetation in it. The cement factory was later sold to "India Cements Pvt". Ltd., which continues to sell cement under the brand Coromandel Cement. The tributary of penna near Chilamkur is popularly known in the local language as [http://wikimapia.org/10817076/Vanka"vanka"] and is known to flood and overflow the small culvert that used to exist on it.
Chilamakur consists of Small Dargah (Mazar) of "Hazrat Sayyed Bahaddur Shah Vali" miracally developed in the forest adjacent to India Cement plant. People from neighboring villages visit this dargah every Friday.
Dissatisfaction among locals.
Although the cement factory is known to have generated significant amount of employment to local people, it is alleged that it has not contributed a part of its profits back towards the development of nearby villages. Also, other decisions like disallowing non-residents of the colony to study in its school has caused significant discontentment among local folks who were denied the right to education. Other activities like drawing water by sinking bore wells have allegedly caused a steep fall in groundwater table in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20628821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628821" title="Clockwise (band)">
Clockwise (band)

Clockwise is a Swedish music project, formed by Benny Söderberg in 1995
The singer and songwriter Benny Söderberg Fortune (music group from Sweden) asked the musicians John Levén Bass, Ian Haugland Drums from Europe and guitarplayer Jan Granvik (Glory) to play on his coming album. Benny did meet John and Ian when they were playing with Glenn Hughes and Benny's previous band Fortune (music group from Sweden) opened for Glenn Hughes on his Japan tour in 1994, and guitar player Jan Granwick(Glory) have Benny known for years so he was also asked to participate.
Benny felt that he wanted to make an album with all the elements that he thought a good album should have, nice melody and good musician ship. Not just jump onto the next music scene that appears 'cause it has changed. Together with Christer Wedin at Empire Records they set plans for this project.
The debut album " Nostalgia " is an album filled with strong melodies, tasteful arrangements, good musician ship and great sound, the later created by Ronny Lahti (Europe, Talisman, Saigon Kick), is incredible. 1999.
After the successful release of Clockwise debut album " Nostalgia ", which received raving reviews all over the world. The second album called " Naïve ", was released and again, Benny Söderberg asked his musician friends that participated on the first album to record this follow up album. There for you will again find, John Levén bass and Ian Haugland drums from Europe, as the solid rhythm section. Contractual reason made it impossible for guitar player Jan Granwick to participate on this second record. Therefor the guitar axe man Fredrik Åkesson (Talisman, Arch Enemy, Southpaw now with Opeth) was asked to play with Clockwise on this record and so he did.
Songs that catches strong melody and brilliant musical performance is Clockwise trademark and the second album " Naive " is filled with this. Benny Söderberg have again written all the material and no one will mistake his feeling for writing songs with his special harmony and feeling.
Benny have also recorded a demo for Clockwise 3rd album, (maybe) to be named " nothing Is the greatest thing ". On this demo Benny plays all instruments, except bass which is played by John Levén, and for this demo Jan Granwick plays all guitars. 
The songs featured on this demo are " Our Roads Never Cross ", " If You Change Your Mind " and " Demon In The Dim ". You can also expect the ending for the song " the tales of King Solitude " that started with part 1:3 on the first album, continued with " the tales of King Solitude 2:3 " on the second album and now to be ended with " the tales of King Solitude 3:3 " on the 3rd album.

</doc>
<doc id="20628826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628826" title="Alpha Delta Theta">
Alpha Delta Theta

Alpha Delta Theta was a national collegiate sorority operating in the United States from 1919 to 1939. The sorority officially affiliated with Phi Mu fraternity on August 30, 1939.
Beginnings.
Ten females students at Transylvania College in Lexington, Kentucky formed Alpha Theta, a local sorority. Alpha Theta approached an unnamed national sorority about membership; their request was denied because of Alpha Theta's affiliation with Hamilton, a junior college for women. Having heard that the National Panhellenic Conference "declared the number of national sororities was too small", the Alpha Thetas decided to form their own national group. On November 10, 1921, Alpha Theta became Alpha Delta Theta (Lamb, p. 45).
A National Organization.
Within three years of existence, Alpha Delta Theta created 8 collegiate chapters. The sorority was granted "associate membership" by the National Panhellenic Conference in October 1923. Three years later, the sorority had full membership. "It was admitted to the Congress at an earlier date in its history than any other fraternity" (Lamb, p. 45).
On March 15, 1926, Alpha Delta Theta is incorporated as a national organization in the state of Kentucky (Lamb, p. 45).
Alpha Delta Theta grew quickly and with much strength in its twenty years of existence. Two years after its founding, the sorority began expanding to other campuses. The History of Phi Mu: The First 130 Years (1982) mentioned that Alpha Delta Theta had installed "a total of 25 collegiate chapters and 21 alumnae groups" (p. 45). The 1932- 1933 academic year was especially noteworthy for ADT, as "it had the distinction of breaking all fraternity records in scholarship... when 34 per cent of its chapters held first place in scholarship on their respective campuses" (Lamb, p. 45).
Merger with Phi Mu.
Alpha Delta Theta was not able to survive the 1930s. "With some larger chapter houses that were unable to cope with the post-depression years and with the extensive campus building programs necessary to be competitive, its Grand Council decided to take an unprecedented step" (Lamb, p. 42). In the summer of 1938, Alpha Delta Theta officers sought out a national organization with history, values, and ideals similar to their own- Phi Mu was ultimately chosen. Carefully and quietly, Alpha Delta Theta and Phi Mu prepared the Letter of Agreement and other pertinent legal documents required for the distribution of Alpha Delta Theta's assets. "All officers, chapters and alumnae groups were contacted in January, 1939, and by May the unanimous approval as required by both Constitutions, was in hand" (Lamb p. 42). The summer was spent answering questions and resolving concerns about the merger. The affiliation became official on August 30, 1939 (Lamb, p. 43).
At the conclusion of the 26th session of the National Panhellenic Conference in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, on November 4, 1939, ADT's NPC delegate Violet Young Gentry announced her organization's affiliation with Phi Mu fraternity. The next day, Alpha Delta Theta corporation was dissolved. Phi Mu officers began initiating collegiate and alumni members of Alpha Delta Theta. Phi Mu gained five new chapters through affiliation and eight through campus mergers. Four new alumni groups, from Alpha Delta Theta, were installed as Phi Mu; ADT's eighteen alumnae groups in cities where Phi Mu had alumnae chapters were disbanded and absorbed into Phi Mu (Lamb, p. 43).
Alpha Delta Theta Insignia and Traditions.
The local, Alpha Theta, used "Esse Non Videri" for the motto; the sweet pea for the flower; silver and blue for the colors.
The badge of Alpha Delta Theta is described as being of yellow gold, Delta shaped, and "superimposed upon a gold key placed horizontally" (Lamb, p. 44). The center of the Delta was black enamel. Within the Delta, the Alpha was in the lower left hand angle, the Delta in the apex, and the theta in the lower right hand angle. Between the Alpha and theta was a "lighted candle in a candlestick... with crossed palm branches above" (Lamb, p. 44). The border could have fifteen pearls with an emerald at each angle of the Delta.
The pledge pin was "a vertical bar of silver, bearing the raised letters, Alpha Delta Theta, one above the other" (Lamb, p. 44).
Emily H. Butterfield, in College Fraternity Heraldry, (1931) described the coat-of-arms as "argent; on a chief gules three keys of the first per fess, in base two palm branches saltirewise vert. Crest. A candle argent in candlestick flared of the same. Supporters. Two unicorns proper" (p. 28). The motto, a Greek phrase, was written on a banner under the shield. This coat-of-arms was adopted at the national convention in 1928- it is based entirely on ritualistic symbolism (Butterfield, p. 28).
The official publications were "The Portals" and "The Silhouette" (Lamb, p. 45)
The national philanthropy was the supplying of books and periodicals to Buffalo School, Moore's Creek, Kentucky (Lamb, p. 45). The school was remote, rural, and obviously in need of reading materials.
Founder's Day was celebrated every November 10. All members gave one dollar to the Alpha Delta Theta philanthropic project (Lamb, p. 45).
The Creed of Alpha Delta Theta.
To live each day as if it were the last:
To lift each moment to its clearest height;
To profit by the pages of the past
That I may judge between the wrong and right;
To hold my friends above my own desire,
And take the heavy end of friendship's load,
Yet blame them not if they perchance should tire,
And choose a gentler path, a smoother road;
To serve humanity as though 'twere God,
And see the human in His face divine;
To answer Truth's command and Beauty's nod,
And make their splendid consummations mine;
To dare to follow where I cannot lead-
This is my Alpha Delta Theta creed!

</doc>
<doc id="20628831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628831" title="Plectorhinchus albovittatus">
Plectorhinchus albovittatus

Plectorhinchus albovittatus, the two-striped sweetlips, is a species of grunt native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. They occur in lagoons, reefs, or around seamounts. Juveniles live in turbid inshore and brackish waters. This species can reach SL. This species can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20628838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628838" title="William Stowe (rower)">
William Stowe (rower)

William Arthur "Bill" Stowe (born March 23, 1940) is an American competition rower and Olympic champion. 
Stowe won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 1964 Summer Olympics, as a member of the American team.
Early life.
Stowe graduated from Kent School in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20628861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628861" title="Vallonia costata">
Vallonia costata

Vallonia costata is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20628866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628866" title="Vallonia pulchella">
Vallonia pulchella

Vallonia pulchella, common name the lovely vallonia, is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:
Europe:
America:
Life habits.
The size of the egg is 0.5 mm.
In this species some parental care was observed: apparently the eggs were cleaned of fungi. Parental care is very rare in gastropods in general and has otherwise been observed only in the genus "Libera".

</doc>
<doc id="20628869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628869" title="Italian submarine Nereide">
Italian submarine Nereide

Nereide was a in the Italian Royal Navy () during World War I. She was built 1911–1913 at the navy yard at Venice and was sunk in 1915 by the Austro-Hungarian submarine under the command of Georg Ritter von Trapp. "Nereide"s captain, Carlo del Greco posthumously received the "Medaglia d'Oro al Valore Militare" for his actions when "Nereide" was sunk.
Design and construction.
The Italian was designed by Curio Bernardis, later a well-known submarine designer. "Nereide"s hull, like that of her sister ship , was shaped similar to a torpedo boat. She was long with a beam of and a draft of . She was outfitted with two shafts powered by twin Sulzer diesel engines for surface running at up to , and twin Ansaldo electric motors for a maximum of when submerged. "Nereide" was armed with two bow torpedo tubes and could carry up to 4 torpedoes. She was designed for a complement of 19—2 officers and 17 sailors.
"Nereide" was laid down at the Venice Navy Yard on 1 August 1911, and was launched on 12 July 1913. It is not known when "Nereide" was commissioned, but it was most likely after her completion on 20 December 1913. Little is known about "Nereide"s service career in the "Règia Marina" before August 1915.
Sinking.
After Italy's entry into World War I, the country's armed forces occupied the island of Pelagosa in the central Adriatic. After scouting reports from the German submarine and from an Austro-Hungarian reconnaissance aircraft reported a French or Italian submarine—which was, in fact, "Nereide"—at Pelagosa in early August 1915, the Austro-Hungarian Navy dispatched its submarine , under the command of Georg Ritter von Trapp, from nearby Lissa. On the morning of 5 August, "Nereide" was on the surface, moored under a cliff in the island's harbor.
When "U-5" surfaced just offshore, "Nereide"s commanding officer, "Capitano di Corvetta" Carlo del Greco, cast off the lines and maneuvered to get a shot at von Trapp's boat. "Nereide" launched a torpedo at "U-5" but missed, after which del Greco ordered his boat down. "U-5" lined up a shot and launched a single torpedo at the slowly submerging target, striking her, and sending her to the bottom with all hands. Carlo del Greco received the "Medaglia d'Oro al Valore Militare" for his actions.
"Nereide"s wreck was located in 1972 at position .

</doc>
<doc id="20628877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628877" title="Dana Chladek">
Dana Chladek

Dana Chladek (born Dana Chládková on December 27, 1963 in Děčín) is a Czechoslovak-born American (she was born in Czechoslovakia, but emigrated to the United States with her parents in 1968) slalom kayaker who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won two medals in the K-1 event with a silver in 1996 and a bronze in 1992.
Chladek also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with four silvers (K-1: 1989, 1991; K-1 team: 1989, 1993) and two bronzes (K-1 team: 1987, 1991). In 1988 she won the inaugural edition of the World Cup series.
Currently, Dana Chladek is a coach and race director for the Potomac Whitewater Racing Center. Chladek and her team of coaches oversee whitewater training programs for young people who are intent on pursuing high levels of excellence, including Olympic and World Cup level competition. Chladek’s program is based on the Potomac River in the Washington D.C. area. Chladek’s hand-picked coaching team is the highest level provided in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20628907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628907" title="Liu Ji (general)">
Liu Ji (general)

Liu Ji (劉濟) (757 – August 20, 810), courtesy name Jizhi (濟之), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who served as the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) from 787 (succeeding his father Liu Peng) to his death in 810, when he was poisoned by his son Liu Zong during an imperially-sanctioned campaign against neighboring Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei).
Background.
Liu Ji was born in 757 — during the Anshi Rebellion, when Fanyang Circuit (范陽, later known as Lulong), where his father Liu Peng was from, was governed by the rebel state Yan, which rivaled Tang Dynasty, then ruled by Emperor Suzong. Liu Ji had at least two younger brothers, Liu Yong (劉澭) and Liu Yuan (劉源). After Yan's destruction in 763, Fanyang, renamed Lulong, was nominally reintegrated into Tang, but was then governed successively by Li Huaixian and Zhu Xicai, both of whom ruled it "de facto" independently from the Tang imperial government. In 772, Liu Peng's cousin Zhu Ci became military governor after assassinating Zhu Xicai, and Liu Peng thereafter successively served under Zhu Ci and his brother Zhu Tao.
Liu Ji himself visited the capital Chang'an in his youth and passed the imperial examinations. In 785, after Zhu Tao died, Liu Peng succeeded him. Liu Ji served as the prefect of Mo Prefecture (莫州, in modern Cangzhou, Hebei) under his father. Later in 785, when Liu Peng grew ill, Liu Yong was by Liu Peng's side, and he quickly summoned Liu Ji back from Mo Prefecture and supported him to succeed their father. The emperor at that time, Emperor Suzong's grandson Emperor Dezong, thus made Liu Ji acting military governor. Liu Peng died soon thereafter, and Liu Ji succeeded him.
As military governor.
While the military governors of the region were generally ruling their circuits "de facto" independently from the imperial regime at the time, Liu Ji was said to treat Emperor Dezong with respect, often offering tributes, and Emperor Dezong also treated him with respect, making him honorary minister of defense. Soon, however, he was embroiled in a dispute with his brother Liu Yong. When he succeeded Liu Peng with Liu Yong's support, he made Liu Yong the prefect of Ying Prefecture (瀛州, in modern Cangzhou) and promised to let Liu Yong succeed him. However, Liu Ji soon made his oldest son Liu Gun (劉緄) deputy military governor, apparently designating Liu Gun as his successor. By 792, Liu Yong, displeased, directly submitted to Emperor Dezong and contributed soldiers to the winter defense against Tufan to the west of Chang'an. Liu Ji, in anger, attacked Liu Yong. By 794, Liu Yong, unable to stand against Liu Ji, abandoned Ying Prefecture and took his soldiers and people west to the region directly under imperial control. In 796, as part of a large number of honorary titles given to military governors, Liu Ji was made honorary chancellor with the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). In 800, another brother, Liu Yuan, then the prefect of Zhuo Prefecture (涿州, in modern Baoding, Hebei), was resistant of Liu Ji's orders, and Liu Ji defeated and captured him. Liu Ji then delivered him to Chang'an, where Emperor Dezong gave him a minor office and let him stay in Chang'an.
In 806, by which time Emperor Dezong's grandson Emperor Xianzong was emperor, Liu Ji was given the greater honorary chancellor title of "Shizhong" (侍中). In 807, he had disputes with his neighboring military governors — Wang Shizhen the military governor of Chengde Circuit and Zhang Maozhao (張茂昭) the military governor of Yiwu Circuit (義武, headquartered in modern Baoding), and Emperor Xianzong had to dispatch the imperial attendant Fang Shi (房式) to mediate.
In 809, Wang Shizhen died, and Emperor Xianzhong initially refused to follow Emperor Dezong's precedent and allow Wang Shizhen's son Wang Chengzong to succeed as military governor of Chengde, until he extracted from Wang Chengzong a promise to surrender two of Chengde's prefectures to imperial control. Wang Chengzong soon reneged on the promise, however, and Emperor Xianzong ordered a campaign against Chengde. Liu Ji's emissary to Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), Tan Zhong (譚忠), was able to persuade Weibo's military governor Tian Ji'an not to join Chengde's cause, and then persuaded Liu Ji himself to attack Chengde — pointing out that if he did not, Emperor Xianzong would believe that he was complicit in Wang Chengzong's resistance. In spring 810, Liu Ji thus launched his own campaign against Chengde, capturing a number of towns. Emperor Xianzong gave him the honorary chancellor title of "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令).
Meanwhile, Liu Ji had his second son Liu Zong accompany him on the campaign, while leaving Liu Gun in charge at headquarters. As Liu Ji was at Raoyang (饒陽, in modern Hengshui, Hebei), he grew ill. In Liu Ji's illness, Liu Zong conspired with the staff members Zhang Qi (張玘) and Cheng Guobao (成國寶), forging orders that indicated that Emperor Xianzong was displeased with Liu Ji's lack of progress and read to replace him with Liu Gun. Liu Ji, in shock and anger, executed tens of officers who were friendly to Liu Gun and issued an order summoning Liu Gun. Liu Zong then poisoned Liu Ji's drink, and Liu Ji died of poisoning. Liu Zong then, in Liu Ji's name, caned Liu Gun to death, and took over control of the circuit and the army. Emperor Xianzong posthumously honored Liu Ji and gave him the posthumous name Zhuangwu (莊武, meaning "combative and martial").

</doc>
<doc id="20628916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628916" title="Anisotremus virginicus">
Anisotremus virginicus

Anisotremus virginicus, the Porkfish, is a species of grunt native to the western Atlantic Ocean from Florida to Brazil and the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico. This nocturnal species inhabits areas of reef or with rocky substrates at depths of from . It can reach a length of TL though most do not exceed . It is of minor importance as a commercial food fish and is also popular as a game fish though it is reported to sometimes contain the ciguatera toxin. It is also a popular fish in public aquariums.

</doc>
<doc id="20628921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628921" title="Judge Harry Pregerson Interchange">
Judge Harry Pregerson Interchange

The Judge Harry Pregerson Interchange is a stack interchange near the Athens and Watts communities of Los Angeles, California. It is the interchange of the following routes:
Though the interchange permits traffic entering the interchange in all directions to exit in all directions ("cf." Hollywood Split, East Los Angeles Interchange), the interchange also consists of direct HOV connectors, Metro Green Line tracks, and the Harbor Transitway, all of which contribute to the towering, imposing structure for which the interchange is known.
Opened with Interstate 105 in 1993, the interchange is named for Harry Pregerson, a longtime federal judge who presided over the lawsuit concerning the I-105 freeway's construction.
Layout.
Traffic entering the interchange on the freeway trunks from all directions has freedom to exit the interchange in all possible directions of travel (that is, a complete interchange). Nearly all ramps are direct (an inherent advantage of the stack interchange design) and can be driven at near-mainline speeds if not congested; the main exception is the ramp from northbound I-110 to westbound I-105, which is a cloverleaf loop. 
However, traffic using direct high-occupancy vehicle lane connectors is more restricted. Motorists entering eastbound or westbound on the I-105 HOV lanes may connect to the northbound I-110 HOV lanes. Motorists entering the interchange on the southbound I-110 HOV lanes may connect to either the eastbound or westbound I-105 HOV lanes, while motorists entering northbound on the I-110 HOV lanes do not have direct HOV connectors to I-105 and may only continue northbound. HOV drivers wishing to connect to a direction of travel for which there is no direct HOV connector must exit the HOV lane at a designated entry/exit point before the interchange and use the mainline connectors, as is typical for HOV lanes in Southern California.
Public transit.
The interchange also houses the Harbor Freeway Metro station, which jointly serves the Metro Green Line light rail and Harbor Transitway busway, which travel down the medians of I-105 and I-110, respectively.
History.
As described in a 1989 "Los Angeles Times" article, the interchange, connecting the existing I-110 with the new I-105 (then called the Century Freeway), was designed to be "biggest, tallest, most costly traffic structure yet built by California Department of Transportation" and "the first time the state's traffic engineers have integrated three modes of transportation--light-rail trains, high-occupancy vehicles and individual cars--into one giant intersection".
Shortly before the interchange opened, filmmakers had access to use it for the 1994 motion picture Speed. In one of the movie's best-known scenes, the bus must jump across an unfinished construction gap in an uncompleted elevated freeway-to-freeway ramp while still under construction. The fifth level HOV flyover (I-110 SB to I-105 WB) that bus jumped had already been completed, so a gap was added in the editing process using computer-generated imagery.
In 1996, the U.S. Federal Highway Administration recognized the Interstate 105/Interstate 110 interchange with an Award of Merit in the Urban Highways category of its biennial Excellence in Highway Design awards. The award recognized the interchange's design which sought to improve traffic congestion, safety, and air quality.

</doc>
<doc id="20628938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628938" title="Nashville Referendum Election on Proposed Charter Amendments">
Nashville Referendum Election on Proposed Charter Amendments

Nashville "English Only" Charter Amendment Election (January 22, 2009).
Pursuant to a petition by "Nashville English First", the Davidson County Election Commission approved a special election for January 22, 2009 to consider amending the Metro Nashville Charter to add a new section that would require English to be the only language used by Metro Government for official actions or actions that bind the Metro Government.

</doc>
<doc id="20628947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628947" title="Francis Robert Bonham">
Francis Robert Bonham

Francis Robert Bonham (6 September 1785 – 26 April 1863) was a British party agent and politician. He was the only surviving son (another two died in infancy) of Francis Warren Bonham, a landowner from Kildare who had moved to London with his wife Dorothea. After home schooling Bonham was accepted into Corpus Christi College, Oxford where he finished his BA in 1807, joining Lincoln's Inn in 1808 and being called to the bar (although he never practised law) in 1814. In August 1830 he was elected a Member of Parliament for Rye and served as assistant Tory Party whip until 1831, when he was defeated in the general election. After his defeat he continued to work in Rye as a party agent for the 1832 election, and until 1837 acted as the Tory Party's chief electoral expert (replacing William Holmes). He served as Storekeeper of the Ordnance in Robert Peel's first government from 1834 and in 1835 was again returned to parliament, this time for Harwich where he served until 1837 and again also served as assistant whip. Despite being out of parliament in 1841 Peel again appointed him Storekeeper of the Ordnance, a position he resigned in 1845 after a scandal involving improperly-bought railway shares. He remained as an unpaid volunteer for Peel until 1853, when he was appointed as a Commissioner for Income Tax to prevent him from becoming bankrupt. He died on 26 April 1863 at home, with his papers being collected by Peel and destroyed apart from a few texts now in the Peel papers of the British Library.

</doc>
<doc id="20628952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628952" title="Castello Roganzuolo">
Castello Roganzuolo

Castello Roganzuolo ("Castél" in Venetian language) is a frazione of San Fior "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located on Conegliano hills (famous for productions of wine, especially prosecco) about 50 km north of Venice and about 30 km northeast of Treviso.
SS. Peter and Paul Church.
In this place Titian worked and lived, during the Renaissance, painting a tryptych for SS. Peter and Paul Church.
Also Pomponio Amalteo, 15th century painter, and Sante Cancian, 20th century painter, worked in Castello Roganzuolo.

</doc>
<doc id="20628953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628953" title="Prairie Spirit School Division">
Prairie Spirit School Division

Prairie Spirit School Division No. 206 has 44 schools located in 28 communities surrounding the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan which includes 3 First Nations and 9 Hutterite communities. The student population of approximately 10,000 surrounds the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan as a ring of rural communities around the urban center.
Prairie Spirit School Division is under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education in the Central Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="20628963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628963" title="Steven Schafersman">
Steven Schafersman

Steven Dale Schafersman (born November 4, 1948 in Dumas, Texas) is an American geologist and current President of Texas Citizens for Science, an advocacy group that opposes teaching creationism as science in the public schools. In addition, he is also known for his blog www.BadGeology.com.
Biography.
Schafersman holds a B.S. in Geology and Biology from Northern Illinois University, a M.S. in Geology, and a Ph.D. in Geology (1983) from Rice University. He currently resides in Midland, Texas with his wife Dr. Gae Kovalick, a University of Texas of the Permian Basin professor of Biology. He specialized in invertebrate paleontology, stratigraphy, and sedimentary petrology.
Schafersman grew up collecting fossils, mushrooms, insects, rocks, minerals, and playing outdoors in Texas, Arkansas, and Illinois. 
Schafersman taught at the University of Texas of the Permian Basin (2000-2002), Miami University (Ohio) (1994-1999), University of Houston (1984-1989) and Houston Community College (1974-1978 and 1984-1994).
He has been a pro-science activist since 1989.
In addition, he created the Free Inquiry website, dedicated to educating the public on humanism and skepticism and the Texas Citizens for Science website, committed to opposing the representation of religious concepts such as intelligent design and creationism as science in Texas textbooks. Schafersman contributes to a blog column for the "Houston Chronicle" at Evo.Sphere Blog.
Texas State Board of Education.
Schafersman works against the movement to revise the Texas State Board of Education science curriculum to include religious objections to evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20628972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628972" title="List of Presidents of Loyola University Maryland">
List of Presidents of Loyola University Maryland

Loyola's 24th and current president is the Reverend Brian F. Linnane, S.J. Entering the Society of Jesus in 1977, Linnane was ordained on June 14, 1986, and has degrees from Boston College, Georgetown University, the Jesuit School of Theology at Berkeley, and the Yale University Department of Religious Studies.
Linnane joined the Religious Studies Department at Holy Cross in 1994, serving as Assistant Dean at College of the Holy Cross from 2003 to 2005 and was named a Loyola College Trustee in 2000. He currently serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the College of the Holy Cross; the Institute of Christian and Jewish Studies; the Caroline Center in Baltimore; and the Gilchrist Center for Hospice Care in Baltimore. He is a member of the NCAA Division I Committee on Athletics Certification, a member of the Greater Baltimore Committee’s President’s Advisory Council and in 2008, began a term as President of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Council of Presidents.
Linnane's tenure as president has not been devoid of controversy. In Summer 2008, the Executive Committee of Loyola College in Maryland’s Board of Trustees announced that it affirmed and ratified an April 2008 preliminary decision of the full Board to change Loyola’s designation from “College” to “University."
The possibility of changing Loyola's designation emerged from the development of Loyola's new strategic plan, "Grounded in Tradition, Educating for the Future," a document designed to guide Loyola's direction and initiatives through 2013. Influenced greatly by Linnane and his vision for Loyola, the plan focuses on a central goal that asserts that Loyola will be the nation's leading Catholic, comprehensive university. As such, the plan aims to elevate all aspects of the university, from undergraduate and graduate programs and support to faculty development to community engagement to athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="20628976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628976" title="Joan Baez discography">
Joan Baez discography

This is a discography for American folk singer and songwriter Joan Baez.

</doc>
<doc id="20628980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628980" title="Hypoplectrus puella">
Hypoplectrus puella

Hypoplectrus puella is a hamlet from the Western Central Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 15 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20628984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20628984" title="Camiguin Mindanao">
Camiguin Mindanao

Camiguin Mindanao is an active volcanic group within the Philippines.
Location.
The Camiguin Mindanao Group, including Hibok-Hibok one of the active volcanos in the Philippines, forms the volcanic island province of Camiguin, located 8 km north of central Mindanao, in the region of Northern Mindanao.
Physical Features.
Camiguin Mindanao is about long by wide with a number of volcanoes, pyroclastic cones and craters. 
The highest point in the island is the active volcano Hibok-Hibok at the northwestern end of the island, with an elevation of above mean sea level (asl), and a base diameter of .
The other volcanos in the group are all potentially active volcanos because of their close proximity to Hibok-Hibok. Mount Vulcan is 671 m asl, on the northwestern flank of Hibok-Hibok. Mount Mambajao is located in the centre of Camiguin. Mount Ginsiliban is 581 m asl, at the southern end of Camiguin. Mount Uhay is located north of Mount Ginsiliban.
Its Domes and cones are Campana Hill, Minokol Hill, Tres Marias Hill, Mount Carling, Mount Tibane, and Piyakong Hill.
Hot springs, craters and a maar are close to Hibok-Hibok. 
Solfataric activity has been a precursor to eruptions.
Volcanic Activity.
The most recent eruption was in the period 1948 to 1953. During this period, Hibok-Hibok formed flank lava domes and produced pyroclastic flows that devastated coastal villages. 
The Camiguin Mindanao group is permanently monitored for volcanic and seismic activity.
Geology.
The rock type is predominantly andesite and rhyolite.
Camiguin is the northern terminus of the Central Mindanao Arc.
All volcanoes in the Philippines are part of the Pacific ring of fire.

</doc>
<doc id="20629005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629005" title="Hypoplectrus nigricans">
Hypoplectrus nigricans

Hypoplectrus nigricans is a hamlet from the Western Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 15 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20629027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629027" title="Hypoplectrus unicolor">
Hypoplectrus unicolor

The Butter Hamlet, Hypoplectrus unicolor is a hamlet from the Western Central Atlantic and is found in Florida, the Bahamas and throughout the Caribbean. It is absent from the Gulf of Mexico. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 13 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20629034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629034" title="Sid Harkreader">
Sid Harkreader

Sidney Harkreader (February 26, 1898 — March 19, 1988) was an American Old-time fiddle player and string band leader. He was an early member of the Grand Ole Opry, at first accompanying banjoist Uncle Dave Macon and later performing on the program with his own band. In the 1940s, Harkreader formed and briefly toured with the Western band "The Round-Up Gang" before returning again to the Opry. 
Harkreader was born in Gladeville, Tennessee, a small town in the cedar glades region east of Nashville. His father encouraged him to develop musical abilities, and Harkreader learned to play fiddle at local square dances. Determined to become a professional entertainer, Harkreader first toured as a fiddler for the Loew vaudeville circuit. Around 1923, he paired with Uncle Dave Macon to play old-time music in Nashville, and the following year, the two recorded several sides for Vocalion Records. On November 6, 1925, Harkreader and Macon delivered a legendary performance before a sold-out crowd at the Ryman Auditorium, and the two began performing for the Grand Ole Opry (at the time called WSM's "Barn Dance") a few weeks later. Harkreader's typical repertoire included "Old Joe" (which he learned from fellow Opry pioneer Humphrey Bate), "Turkey in the Straw," "Sugar Walks Down the Street," "Ain't Goin' to Rain No More," and "Go Away Mule." 
Harkreader recorded two dozen tracks for Paramount Records, the first set coming in 1927 accompanied by Hawaiian guitarist Grady Moore, and the second coming the following year accompanied by guitarist Blythe Poteet. In 1935, Harkreader returned to the Opry at the head of a string band, "Sid Harkreader and Company." The band consisted of Harkreader on fiddle and vocals, Emory Martin on mandolin, and Mack McGar on banjo. Around 1940, Harkeader formed "The Round-Up Gang" to record Western music, which had grown steadily in popularity in the previous decade. Harkreader eventually returned to the Opry, however, making guest appearances throughout the 1950s and 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="20629049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629049" title="Hypoplectrus gummigutta">
Hypoplectrus gummigutta

Hypoplectrus gummigutta is a hamlet from the Western Central Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 13cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20629061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629061" title="Auburn, Colorado">
Auburn, Colorado

Auburn is an unincorporated community in Weld County, Colorado, United States. Auburn is five miles south of Downtown Greeley.
In the 1960s Auburn was a farming community with no general stores and no post offices. Many of the families were first, second, and third generation immigrants with German-Russian, Mexican, and Swedish heritage. Families attended Baptist, Catholic, and Congregational churches in Greeley, Gilcrest, and Platteville.
On December 14, 1961, Union Pacific's "City of Denver" passenger train collided with a school bus, killing twenty children who were on board. Sixteen children and the driver survived. The crash was the deadliest traffic accident in Colorado history.
Education.
Auburn is within Weld County School District Six. As of 2008 residents are zoned to Bella Romero Elementary School in an unincorporated area, Heath Middle School in Greeley, and Greeley West High School in Greeley.
For many years Auburn had a school district and a school. A legislative study posted by the mid-1950s recommended reorganizing Colorado's school districts and declared school district reorganization as the state's main priority. Between 1956 and 1961 nearly 700 school districts closed, leaving 275 open. As a consequence, many small schools in Colorado began to close as a result of the district closures. The Auburn School District and the three-room school in Auburn closed, causing children to attend schools in Greeley beginning in 1961. During that year children were assigned to Delta Elementary School, Meeker Junior High School, and Greeley High School. Delta Elementary School no longer exists.

</doc>
<doc id="20629068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629068" title="Hypoplectrus indigo">
Hypoplectrus indigo

Hypoplectrus indigo, also known as the Indigo Hamlet, is a species of Hamlet from the Western Central Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 14 cm in length.
Distinctive features: Blue and white bars. Wide medium blue to indigo bars separated by narrower bars. Blue ventral fins, pectoral fins white or clear. Common to the Cayman Islands, Jamaica and Bay Islands, Occasional Belize and Bahamas and rare balance of Caribbean and Florida. Habitat and behavior: remains near bottom within limited territories on or near reefs. Reaction to divers: Somewhat wary but can be curious. After retreating a short distance, fish often returns and approaches stationary divers. Size: 3-4 1/2 inches, max 5 inches. Depth found: 30-130 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="20629085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629085" title="Euchemotrema leai">
Euchemotrema leai

Euchemotrema leai, common name the lowland pillsnail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="20629100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629100" title="2008 College Football All-America Team">
2008 College Football All-America Team

The 2008 College Football All-America Team is composed of the following All-American first teams: American Football Coaches Association (AFCA), Associated Press (AP), Football Writers Association of America (FWAA), Walter Camp Football Foundation, "The Sporting News", "Sports Illustrated", "Pro Football Weekly", ESPN, CBS Sports, "College Football News", Rivals.com, and Scout.com. 
Being selected to the College Football All-America Team is an honor given annually to the best American college football players at their respective positions. The original All-America team was the 1889 College Football All-America Team selected by Casper Whitney with assistance from football pioneer Walter Camp. The National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA), the governing body of American intercollegiate sports, officially recognizes All-Americans selected by the AFCA, AP, FWAA, "Sporting News", and Walter Camp Foundation to determine consensus All-Americans (denoted bold). At least three of these five major selector organizations must select a player in order for him to be recognized as a "consensus" All-American by the NCAA.

</doc>
<doc id="20629104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629104" title="Louisa Fennell">
Louisa Fennell

Louisa Fennell (1847 – 1930) was an English painter. She was best known as a painter of landscapes and townscapes of the towns and cities of the West Riding of Yorkshire, particularly the County town of Wakefield, its surrounding area, and the city of York.
Life.
Louisa Fennell was an English painter, born in the Wakefield area of the West Riding of Yorkshire in 1847. She died in 1930.
She is most famous for her paintings of local scenes including Wakefield Cathedral and Wakefield Chantry Chapel at the turn of the 20th century (1898–1904). 
Seventeen of these are now the property of Wakefield City Metropolitan District Council (3) and are retained at Wakefield Art Gallery (1) (and from time to time are hung). 
Later Louisa painted views of other cities, in particular Micklegate and Monk Gate in the city of York.
Reprints.
A set of prints (approximately 2000) were issued in the 1950s which were very popular (1) & (3) and are now quite valuable.
Art - Wakefield.
The set of seventeen scenes of Wakefield consist of the following sixteen watercolour paintings and one black and white drawing:
To view these paintings of old Wakefield visit 'Twix Aire and Calder (2)
Other paintings of Wakefield include:
Art – Other Scenes.
In addition to watercolour paintings of Wakefield, Louisa also painted many other landscapes and townscapes, including these:

</doc>
<doc id="20629105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629105" title="Internationalist Workers Party">
Internationalist Workers Party

The Internationalist Workers Party (Parti ouvrier internationaliste, POI) was a French Trotskyist party established in 1936 after the exclusion of militant Trotskyists from the French Section of the Workers' International in 1935 and dissolved in 1939 when most of the militants had rejoined the Workers and Peasants' Socialist Party. It was an official section of the Fourth International.

</doc>
<doc id="20629109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629109" title="Arakkonam (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Arakkonam (Lok Sabha constituency)

Arakkonam is a Lok Sabha (Parliament of India) constituency in Tamil Nadu. 
Assembly segments.
Arakkonam Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Election results.
Note: The incumbent party Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam did not contest this seat in 2004. Instead it was contested by its United Progressive Alliance (UPA) coalition partner Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK), who won the seat. Thus, the UPA held the seat. PMK had not contested this seat in the previous 1999 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20629110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629110" title="SLSU">
SLSU

SLSU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20629124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629124" title="Rossana (disambiguation)">
Rossana (disambiguation)

Rossana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20629154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629154" title="Mars 2MV-4">
Mars 2MV-4

Mars 2MV-4 can refer to two Soviet spacecraft:

</doc>
<doc id="20629167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629167" title="Hypoplectrus guttavarius">
Hypoplectrus guttavarius

Hypoplectrus guttavarius is a Hamlet from the Western Central Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 13 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20629182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629182" title="Mountaineer Middle School">
Mountaineer Middle School

Mountaineer Middle School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20629232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629232" title="Cuiabá River">
Cuiabá River

The Cuiabá River (Portuguese: "Rio Cuiabá") is a Brazilian river in the southern state of Mato Grosso that flows in the Rio de la Plata Basin.
At Cuiabá it's lower portion enters the Pantanal ecosystem and region, flowing through extensive and important Ramsar Convention protected wetlands for waterfowl, migratory birds, and other wildlife. It flows through the Pantanal Matogrossense National Park here.
The river is joined by the São Lourenço River. After their confluence the subsequent river continues to be named the Cuiabá River on most maps. The Cuiabá River is a tributary of the Paraguay River—"Río Paraguai", which is a primary tributary of the major South American Río de la Plata.

</doc>
<doc id="20629279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629279" title="Oxycirrhites typus">
Oxycirrhites typus

The longnose hawkfish, Oxycirrhites typus, is a species of hawkfish found on tropical reefs of the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean, where it can be found at depths around . It prefers the steep outer slopes of the reefs amongst gorgonians and black corals. This species can reach in total length. It can also be found in the aquarium trade. It is currently the only known member in its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="20629284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629284" title="Libor Nováček">
Libor Nováček

Libor Novacek (born 1978) is a Czech pianist. He has gained international reputation for his interpretations of the works of Brahms and Liszt, which despite his young age have already been compared those of the great masters such as Kempff and Arrau and said to possess ‘exceptional poetic verve and inwardness’. His popularity grew greatly upon winning the Landor Records 2005 Competition, whereupon he established a long-term recording contract with Landor and proceeded to release two CDs in 2006 to outstanding reviews in the classical music press including BBC Music Magazine, International Record Review, Pianonews, Crescendo, Rondo and Editor’s Choice in Gramophone Music Magazine for his Liszt CD featuring Années de Pèlerinage – Italie and Mephisto Waltz No.1. In October 2007, this same CD was awarded the 'Diplom d’Honneur' by the prestigious Ferenc Liszt Society in Budapest. Libor’s latest CD, released in September 2008 and featuring works by Brahms continues to gather exultant reviews, including 5 stars and Instrumental Choice in BBC Music Magazine.
Libor graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 2004 with the highest awards and was selected for representation by YCAT in the same year. He has won several international prizes. His concerts and tours have taken him to major festivals and venues worldwide, including the Brighton, Ryedale, North Aldeborough, Chester, 3 Choirs Festivals and the Mostly Mozart Festival the Wigmore Hall, the Barbican, the USA, Mexico, South America, Spain, France, Germany, the Czech Republic, Hungary, India, South Africa, Kenya and Zimbabwe. He has worked regularly with the Czechoslovak Chamber Orchestra. More recently, he has performed with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, the Prague Philharmonia, the Prague Chamber Orchestra, Hamburg Symphony Orchestra, Bohuslav Martinů Philharmony, Südwestfälische Symphony Orchestra, Brighton Philharmonic Orchestra, English Sinfonia, and the European Union Chamber Orchestra. He has also recorded for Czech Radio and BBC Radio 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20629310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629310" title="Arc-eye hawkfish">
Arc-eye hawkfish

The arc-eye hawkfish, Paracirrhites arcatus, is a species of hawkfish belonging to the genus "Paracirrhites". It is found in shallow waters in the tropical IndoPacific on reefs, resting on coral heads much of the time.
Etymology.
The genus name "Paracirrhites" derives from the Greek word "para", meaning "the side of" plus the Latin word "cirrus", meaning "curl". The species name "arcatus", meaning "arched", refers to the U-shaped marking around the eyes.
Description.
"Paracirrhites arcatus" grows to a maximum size of 20 cm in length, and occurs in a variety of colors. The body may be greenish-brown, dark brown or reddish-orange, while the tail usually is bluish. A broad, longitudinal white band runs along the distal half of the body. A characteristic ring-shaped or U-shaped tricolor marking (red, blue and yellow) occurs around and behind the eyes. The dorsal fin has ten spines and eleven soft rays, and the anal fin has three spines and six soft rays. These voracious predators are very territorial. They spend most of their time perched on corals, especially "Acropora", "Stylophora", and "Pocillopora" genera, waiting for prey to approach too close. They mostly feed on small fishes, shrimps, and crabs but also eat isopods, fish eggs and larvae. These fish occasionally find their way into the aquarium trade.
Distribution.
The arc-eye hawkfish is widespread in the tropical Indo-Pacific. Its range extends from East Africa, Madagascar and the Maldives to Hawaii, southern Japan and western, northern and eastern Australia. 
Habitat.
The arc-eye hawkfish is a benthic species associated with coral reefs. It usually can be found in lagoon and seaward reefs, at a depth of , with a maximum of .

</doc>
<doc id="20629328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629328" title="Berry Brown">
Berry Brown

Robert Beresford "Berry" Brown (6 September 1927 – July 2001) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Manchester United, Doncaster Rovers and Hartlepools United in the late 1940s and 1950s.
Career.
Born in West Hartlepool, County Durham, Brown signed for Manchester United as an 18-year-old in May 1946, just as football was getting going again after the Second World War. He turned professional three months later, in August 1946, but it was not until January 1948 that he made his debut for the club, saving a penalty in a 2–1 defeat away to Sheffield United on 31 January 1948. After making way for Jack Crompton, Brown returned to the first team for two successive away wins in March 1948, keeping clean sheets against both Huddersfield Town and Bolton Wanderers.
Brown had to wait until the following season to make his next appearance for the club, which also happened to be his last. In the only game missed by Jack Crompton during the 1948–49 season, Brown kept goal at home to Blackpool on 1 September 1948. However, he was unable to prevent the team from succumbing to a 4–3 defeat. He was transferred to Doncaster Rovers the following January.
In two-and-a-half seasons with Doncaster, Brown made just four appearances and he left for Hartlepools United – via Stockton – in August 1951. Berry was much more suited to football in the lower divisions and became Hartlepools United's regular goalkeeper, making 126 league appearances for the club before retiring from football in June 1956, at the age of 28.

</doc>
<doc id="20629341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629341" title="Ieuan">
Ieuan

Ieuan is one of several Welsh forms of the male given name John.

</doc>
<doc id="20629346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629346" title="Neocirrhites armatus">
Neocirrhites armatus

Neocirrhites armatus, the Flame hawkfish, is a species of hawkfish native to tropical reefs of the Pacific Ocean at depths of from . This fish reaches a length of TL. This species is also found in the aquarium trade. It is the only known member of its genus.
It is bright red with black dorsal markings. Like most hawkfishes, the flame hawkfish lacks a swim bladder. It is a percher and a bottom-dweller, living on and about coral heads and stony reefs.

</doc>
<doc id="20629396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629396" title="Azomonas agilis">
Azomonas agilis

Azomonas agilis is a species of motile, gram-negative bacteria found in water and is capable of fixing atmospheric nitrogen. It is the type strain for the genus "Azomonas".
"A. agilis" resembles protists with its ovoid, ellipsoidal, or coccoid cells. The cells are relatively large, usually 2.5-6.4 μm long and 2.0-2.8 μm wide, though giant cells that are 10.0-13.5 μm have been described. The cells have peritrichous flagella which enable motility. The species also produces a diffusible yellow-green or red-violet pigment which fluoresces bluish-white under UV light.
"A. agilis" was first isolated and described by Martinus Beijerinck in 1901, who obtained the species from Dutch canal water in Delft. Beijernick's original strain has been lost so the strain isolated by Albert Kluyver and van den Bout are now the neotype. Despite the fact that mannitol was used by Beijerinck in his enrichment medium for "A. agilis", the bacteria in pure culture cannot use it as a carbon source unless it is first degraded by other microbes.
The species can tolerate salt concentrations up to 1.0% and is resistant to iodoacetate (1 μM) which suggests it may have ability to live in contaminated waters where there are relatively high concentrations of organic matter and mineral salts. This bacteria has also been implicated in the bioremediation of cadmium-polluted water.

</doc>
<doc id="20629406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629406" title="Eric Giddens">
Eric Giddens

Eric M. Giddens (born May 8, 1973 in Atlanta) is an American slalom canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s.
Early life and education.
A native of Atlanta, Giddens graduated with a degree in environmental biology from Georgia Tech and earned a Ph.D. in oceanography from Scripps Institution of Oceanography. His father is educator Don Giddens.
Career.
He finished 20th in the men's K-1 slalom event at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. His wife, Rebecca Giddens, won a silver in the women's K-1 event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. They now own a brewpub, along with brewer Kyle Smith, in Kernville, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20629413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629413" title="Róbert Zimonyi">
Róbert Zimonyi

Róbert Zimonyi (18 April 1918 – 2 February 2004) was a competition rower, Olympic bronze medalist for Hungary and Olympic champion for United States.
Rowing for Hungary.
Zimonyi received a bronze medal in "coxed pairs" at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, as a coxswain for the Hungarian team, the rowers Antal Szendey and Béla Zsitnik. He also competed for Hungary at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.
Rowing for US.
Zimonyi moved to US after the Soviet invasion of Hungary in 1956, and became an American citizen. He won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 1964 Summer Olympics, as a coxswain for the American team. He won a gold medal at the 1967 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20629423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629423" title="Pointless (book)">
Pointless (book)

Pointless, subtitled "A season with Britain's worst football team" by Jeff Connor, is a book published in 2006 about East Stirlingshire F.C..
In the summer of 2004, Jeff Connor, a sports journalist, was given access to East Stirlingshire, Britain's then least successful senior football club. During the previous season they had embarked on a record 25 match losing run.
The Sunday Herald's Tom Shields wrote, "A team whose ambition is to finish second bottom of Scotland's senior leagues may be pointless but Mr Connor's oeuvre is not. There is much humour and poignancy in his observations of life in the boondocks of Scottish football."

</doc>
<doc id="20629427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629427" title="Split-level hogfish">
Split-level hogfish

The split-level hogfish, "Bodianus mesothorax", is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean and the eastern Indian Ocean. They can be found on reefs at depths of , though rarely below . Juveniles inhabit caves in the reef. Adults clean other fishes. This species can reach a length of . This species can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20629451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629451" title="Spotfin hogfish">
Spotfin hogfish

The spotfin hogfish, "Bodianus pulchellus", is a species of wrasse native to the Atlantic Ocean, where it is mainly found from North Carolina, USA, through the Caribbean to Brazil. It has also been recorded from São Tomé off the coast of Africa. This species inhabits reefs, both rock and coral, where it occurs at depths of though rarely deeper than . This species can reach a length of , though most do not exceed . It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20629475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629475" title="Bodianus bilunulatus">
Bodianus bilunulatus

The Tarry hogfish, Bodianus bilunulatus, is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean from the African coast to the western Pacific Ocean to Japan, New Caledonia, and the Philippines. Reports of its presence in Hawaii are erroneous. This species occurs on reef slopes at depths of from with the adults being found in deeper waters than the juveniles. This species can reach in total length with a maximum recorded weight of . It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and is also popular as a game fish. It can also be found in the aquarium trade. Other common names include: blackspot wrasse, crescent-banded hogfish, Hawaiian hogfish, saddle-back hogfish, table boss, and tuxedo hogfish.

</doc>
<doc id="20629497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629497" title="Diana's hogfish">
Diana's hogfish

Diana's hogfish, "Bodianus diana", is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean from the African coast to the Nicobars and the Cocos-Keeling Islands. Reports of its presence in the western Pacific Ocean are erroneous. It occurs on the seaward side of reefs at depths from (though rarely deeper than ). It can reach a length of . This species is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and is found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20629515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629515" title="Twospot hogfish">
Twospot hogfish

The twospot hogfish, "Bodianus bimaculatus", is a species of wrasse native to the Indo-Pacific from Madagascar to New Caledonia and from Japan to New Zealand. This species prefers areas of reefs with substrates of rubble or sand at depths from . This species can reach a length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20629520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629520" title="Kaspar Förster">
Kaspar Förster

Kaspar Förster (also Caspar Foerster) (baptized 28 February 1616, Danzig - died 2 February 1673, Oliva, near Danzig) was a German singer and composer.
Förster studied music under his father Kaspar (1574-1652) and then under Marco Scacchi in Warsaw. He sang bass and conducted choirs at the Polish court in Warsaw from 1638 to about 1643, then served as "kapellmeister" to Frederik III of Denmark in Copenhagen between 1652 and 1655. In 1655, a war broke out between Denmark and Sweden, and Förster returned to Danzig, working as "cantor" at the Marienkirche there. He returned to the employ of Frederik from 1661 to 1667. During this time he visited Venice several times and played a role in bringing aspects of Italian musical style to northern Europe. He also studied under Giacomo Carissimi in the 1660s. Late in his life he worked briefly in Hamburg before returning to his birthplace.
Förster's surviving works are mostly sacred cantatas for three voices, with two violins and continuo. Some 35 survive, and they often contain very low and difficult bass parts. His other works include two oratorios, six trio sonatas, and four secular cantatas.

</doc>
<doc id="20629557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629557" title="American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine">
American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine

The American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine is a multidisciplinary association dedicated to advancing the use of ultrasound in medicine through professional and public education, research, development of guidelines, and accreditation.
The AIUM’s membership consists of more than 10,000 sonographers, physicians, scientists, engineers, other health care providers, manufacturers of ultrasound equipment, and students. The AIUM is directed by a Board of governors and Executive Committee who are assisted by committees and a Council on Sections, representing many ultrasound specialties. The AIUM's official journal is the Journal of Ultrasound in Medicine. 

</doc>
<doc id="20629558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629558" title="D-Irie">
D-Irie

Denis Quist better known as D-Irie (born 1981) is a German rapper, who became known in the autumn 2006, with his single "Was jetzt los!?!" ("what up now!?!"). He is signed hip-hop label Shok-Muzik.
He is known for his diss tracks against various German rappers, such as Sido, Azad, Massiv and Kool Savas.
Biography.
D-Irie is born to his father a Ghana reggae artist and his German mother. After his father was locked up in prison, because of a criminal offense, he grew up alone with his mother. 
A try to brake into a shop, stayed afterwards unknown, in the middle of 1990th, because he wasn't in the age of criminal responsibility. 
Since 2001 he turned to his rap career, after he met the Berlin rapper Big Sal and the break dancer Crazy B. Both encouraged his talent and signed him finally to their 2004 founding Berlin-Wedding music label Shok-Muzik.
D-Irie appeared on the compilations of the label. In August 2005, he released together with label mate Crackaveli the album "Doppeltes Risiko".
In 2006 released D-Irie his first single "Was jetzt los!?!" from his debut album "Live Dabei", which released in February 2007. The single was promoted by Warner Music Group. After the premiere of the music video, in October 2006, it stayed a short time #1 in public charts on MTV. The single caused controversy as it disses Aggro Berlin. 
In early 2007 responded Fler on his mixtape "Airmax Muzik" with two tracks "Pop-Muzik" and "Das is los!". Latter song features Alpa Gun, who released two more diss tracks "Ich bin am Zug" and "Schluss mit U(n)fuk", which disses rapper Ufuk Sahin from Shok Muzik.

</doc>
<doc id="20629565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629565" title="Bosniaks (disambiguation)">
Bosniaks (disambiguation)

Bosniaks - "" - are a South Slavic nation from Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The same term may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20629630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629630" title="Opistognathus whitehurstii">
Opistognathus whitehurstii

Opistognathus whitehurstii is a jawfish from the Western Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 14 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20629652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629652" title="Blue-spotted jawfish">
Blue-spotted jawfish

Opistognathus rosenblatti is a jawfish from the Eastern Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 10cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20629665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629665" title="Marco Scacchi">
Marco Scacchi

Marco Scacchi (ca. 1600 – 7 September 1662) was an Italian composer and writer on music.
Scacchi was born in Gallese, Lazio. He studied under Giovanni Francesco Anerio in Rome. He was associated with the court at Warsaw from 1626, and was "kapellmeister" there from 1628 to 1649. His 1643 treatise "Cribrum musicum" accused Paul Siefert of having poor technique, leading to a war of words which lasted years. He then returned to Italy after falling ill, where he concentrated on writing about music theory. Scacchi believed that each genre of music should have its own unique style, and he devised his own system of classifying works which proved influential on later generations; Angelo Berardi quoted him at length in his 1687 treatise "Documenti armonici".
Scacchi was a prolific composer, who wrote masses, madrigals, and sacred concertos. Nearly all of his stage works have been lost. He died in Gallese.

</doc>
<doc id="20629671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629671" title="A. Weston">
A. Weston

Mr A Weston was the manager of Shrewsbury Town football club between the years of 1912 and 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20629672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629672" title="Stolojan">
Stolojan

Stolojan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20629678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629678" title="Kemin Industries">
Kemin Industries

Kemin Industries is a nutritional ingredients manufacturer headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa, US. It was founded in 1961 by R.W. and Mary Nelson. It was called Chemical Industries - and was a family effort based on developing agricultural products and marketing them throughout the Mid-western United States. These early products included mold inhibitors and flavors and grew to encompass a full line of ingredients for animal feeds. The name Kemin was adopted in 1968. 
Dr. Chris Nelson is the CEO of Kemin Industries. Today Kemin has 1,000 employees and offices in 60 countries.
Overseas offices.
The company’s earliest overseas markets were the United Kingdom, Spain and Malaysia. By 1973 product demand necessitated a European sales and production site which was built in Herentals, Belgium, with a second major manufacturing plant built in Singapore in 1988. 
Growth in the 1990s.
Dr. Chris Nelson joined the company as R&D director of Kemin AgriFoods Europe and introduced Kemin to the new science of biochemistry. The 1990s saw Kemin branching out from its agricultural base and entering four new markets; pharmaceuticals, pet foods, nutraceuticals, and food ingredients. 
Products.
Food
AgriFoods
Kemin products are focused on animal feed stability, food safety, and production efficiency.
Pet Foods
Nutraceuticals
Pharmaceuticals
References.
Corporate website
Business Week Corporate Profile for Kemin Industries
Kemin Industries Introduces Biodiesel Antioxidant Product Line - Business Wire
www.hispanictips.com
Kemin and REG team up in Biodiesel research
Kemin Food ingredients
Thinking that resolves problems on projects<br>
World Food Prize

</doc>
<doc id="20629684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629684" title="Parliament Gardens">
Parliament Gardens

Parliament Gardens (also South West Nature Park, South West Nature Reserve, better known as the National Botanical Garden) is a small park in downtown Windhoek, Namibia. Located between the Tintenpalast (Namibia's Parliament) and the Christuskirche, the Gardens, designed by Windhoek based landscape architect Hugo Stössel were built in 1932 and is a popular attraction for both tourists and Windhoek residents.

</doc>
<doc id="20629687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629687" title="Lawrence H. Cooke">
Lawrence H. Cooke

Lawrence Henry Cooke (October 15, 1914, Monticello, Sullivan County, New York – August 17, 2000, Monticello, Sullivan Co., NY) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1979 to 1984.
Life.
He was the son of George L. Cooke and Mary E. (Pond) Cooke. He graduated from Monticello High School, from Georgetown University in 1935, and from the Albany Law School in 1938. After opening a law office in Monticello in 1939, he was elected Supervisor of the Town of Thompson for two terms. He married Alice McCormack, and they had three children.
His judicial career began in 1953 when he was elected county judge, surrogate and Children's Court judge of Sullivan County. In November 1961, he was elected unopposed a justice of the New York Supreme Court, and was appointed to the Appellate Division in 1968.
In 1972, he ran for the Court of Appeals on the Democratic and Conservative tickets but was defeated. In 1974, he and Jacob D. Fuchsberg were the last two judges elected to the New York Court of Appeals. In 1977, a constitutional amendment made the judgeships appointive. He was the first Chief Judge appointed by the Governor. He was nominated by Governor Hugh L. Carey on January 2, 1979, and confirmed by the New York State Senate on January 23, 1979. He retired from the bench at the end of 1984 when he reached the constitutional age limit of 70 years.
He died at his home in Monticello, and was buried at the Rock Ridge Cemetery there.
His life and accomplishments were recognized by many sources following his death, including The New York Timesand the Albany Law Review (vol. 64, p. 1), among others.
Legacy.
A number of events and places have been named in his honor, including the Annual Chief Judge Lawrence H. Cooke State Constitutional Commentary Symposium and the Lawrence H. Cooke Sullivan County Courthouse. His name is also attached to several awards given to law students and lawyers.
Sources.
Tribute to Chief Judge Lawrence H. Cooke, 1914-2000, by Vincent Martin Bonventre, Albany Law Review, vol. 64, page 1, (2000)

</doc>
<doc id="20629734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629734" title="Moustache jawfish">
Moustache jawfish

Opistognathus lonchurus is a jawfish from the Western Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 10 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20629801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629801" title="Dan Robison">
Dan Robison

Dan Robison (born c. 1945) is an American professional poker player and gin rummy player originally from Dayton, Ohio. 
In 1973 he came to Las Vegas as the partner of Chip Reese. After Robison and Reese won a substantial amount of money from poker in a short period of time they became known as the Golddust Twins. After becoming addicted to cocaine, Robison went to rehab and later became a born again Christian.
He is considered one of the best cash game seven-card stud players in the world. He won a World Series of Poker bracelet in 1995 in the $2,500 seven card stud event, and has cashed four other times in World Series of Poker stud events. 
As of 2009, his total live tournament winnings exceed $300,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20629802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629802" title="Nokia 3120 classic">
Nokia 3120 classic

The Nokia 3120 classic is a quad-band 3G mobile phone from Nokia. It was announced in 2008.
Nokia 3120 classic features a QVGA display, a 2-megapixel camera with LED flash, a video conference camera, a music player with support for most common music formats (MP3, MP4, AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, wma), support for microSD memory cards up to 8 GB, a push email client, instant messaging, 3G network connectivity, web browsing, and video streaming. It runs on the Series 40 5th edition platform.
Colours include graphite, deep red, blue and plum powder white.

</doc>
<doc id="20629811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629811" title="Les Thompson (footballer born 1988)">
Les Thompson (footballer born 1988)

Leslie "Les" Thompson (born 3 October 1988) is an English football player from Newham, London who plays as a defender for Maidenhead United.
Biography.
Thompson began his career at Arsenal F.C before signing as a trainee with Bolton Wanderers, having previously played for junior side Newham Warriors. He turned professional in July 2007. He joined Stockport County on loan in October 2007, and made his league debut for Stockport on 6 October in their 4–2 defeat at home to Barnet. He also played in the Football League Trophy win at Macclesfield Town, the league defeat at Darlington, and the league win away to Milton Keynes Dons, before returning to Bolton at the end of his one-month loan.
He joined Conference National side Torquay United on loan in January 2008, along with Bolton teammate Mark Ellis. His Torquay debut came in the FA Trophy, as a substitute for Elliott Benyon as Torquay won 2–1 away to Newport County on 12 January. A week later he again came on as a substitute for Benyon, as Torquay drew 0–0 away to Salisbury City in the Conference. He did not appear again for Torquay and returned to Bolton later that January.
He was released by Bolton at the end of the 2007–08 season, and had a trial with Gillingham in July 2008, playing in their friendly defeat against Birmingham City. He joined Yeovil Town on trial the following month, scoring for their reserve side in a 6–0 victory over Salisbury City's reserves. Thompson signed for Conference South club Thurrock on 1 September 2009.
Thompson left Thurrock in 2010 and signed for Isthmian League Premier Division side Concord Rangers. He spent a year with Concord before signing for fellow Essex club AFC Hornchurch, and was part of the squad that led the Urchins to promotion to the Conference South. Thompson left Hornchurch in the summer of 2012 and joined Maidstone United on 30 August 2012. He made a total of three competitive appearances.Signed for Maidenhead United on 1 November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20629822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629822" title="Sweet and Innocent (Donny Osmond song)">
Sweet and Innocent (Donny Osmond song)

"Sweet and Innocent" was a pop single released by Donny Osmond in 1971. The song, billed as his first solo single release, reached No. 7 on Billboard's Hot 100 Chart in June 1971.
Written by Rick Hall and Billy Sherrill, "Sweet and Innocent" had first been recorded by Roy Orbison in 1958, and was the B-side of his single "Seems to Me." Orbison's version did not chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20629835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629835" title="Dendrochirus brachypterus">
Dendrochirus brachypterus

Dendrochirus brachypterus, known commonly as the Shortfin Turkeyfish or Dwarf lionfish among other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Scorpaenidae.
Shortfin Turkeyfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific, Red Sea included. 
Dwarf lionfish is up to in length.
It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20629857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629857" title="Dendrochirus barberi">
Dendrochirus barberi

Dendrochirus barberi, the Hawaiian lionfish, is a dwarf lionfish from the Eastern Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 16.5cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20629860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629860" title="Mount Aventine">
Mount Aventine

Mount Aventine is a farm complex and national historic district located along the Potomac River in Bryans Road, Charles County, Maryland. The complex includes the main house; a second-quarter 19th century Greek Revival-influenced brick house. It was enlarged about 1860 to its present five-bay, center-passage, -story appearance. Also on the property are a 19th-century frame smokehouse, the site of another 19th-century house complex, late-19th /early-20th-century agricultural outbuildings, house and dairy barn complex built about 1900, historic roadbeds, a family cemetery, and sites of a 19th-century fishery and an 18th-century house. 
Its former cupola was used as a signal station by the Federal government during the American Civil War. The Chapman family owned the Mt. Aventine tract from 1751 until 1916, and the ferry operated by them was one of several important crossings of the Potomac River connecting Northern Virginia to Maryland.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996, and since 1998 has been preserved as Chapman State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20629921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629921" title="Moorov v HM Advocate">
Moorov v HM Advocate

Moorov (Samuel) v HM Advocate (1930 J.C. 68, 1930 S.L.T. 596)(additional citation 1930 J.C. 68) is a famous case in Scots criminal law based on criminal evidence and the admissibility of similar fact evidence. The case established a precedent named the Moorov doctrine.
__TOC__
Essential facts.
The essential facts of the case are where the accused was an employer who had allegedly committed a string of sexual offences regarding 19 of his female employees over the period of four years, with a total of 21 counts. There was corroboration of evidence available for 3 counts This case brought light on the original course of similar fact evidence which was generally regarded as inadmissible in court. It created a "course of conduct" which related from a connection of special circumstances, such as recurring sexual offences, similar to the case itself. The course of conduct is sufficient as it determines the use of corroboration for each victim involved.
The Moorov doctrine.
It is found that in incidents where intercourse is admitted and distress is proven, distress can corroborate.

</doc>
<doc id="20629925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629925" title="Human Markup Language">
Human Markup Language

Human Markup Language (also HumanML and, within the context of a HumanML document, huml) is an XML specification developed to contextually describe physical, kinesic, cultural, and social information about instances of human communication. Development by OASIS began in 2001, and HumanML committee members released a "Human Markup Language Primary Base Specification 1.0" in late 2002.
Purpose.
HumanML was proposed to "fundamentally enhance the human communications process, through the use of XML, with the purpose of ending human misunderstanding". It addresses this purpose by standardizing the presentation of details relevant to communicative acts. Such details may be social, contextual, gestural, or psychological, and may pertain to an individual in an act of communication or to the context of that communication. For example, just as Internet users may use emoticons ("smileys") to convey emotional information relevant to their essentially textual communication, HumanML codes the emotional importance and intent of a signal in a series of markup tags. The standard aims to provide an arbitrarily detailed way to represent information pertinent to any act of communication.

</doc>
<doc id="20629932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629932" title="Pterois russelli">
Pterois russelli

Pterois russelli, or the red volitans lionfish is a lionfish species native to the Indo-Pacific ocean from the eastern part of Africa to the Persian Gulf. They grow up to 30 cm in length. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.
Care.
This lionfish needs a minimum of a 50-gallon aquarium with many hiding places. Two lionfish should not be put in the same tank, as they will fight. Keep the water temperature at anywhere from 72–78°F (22-25.5º C). When performing maintenance, be sure to keep hands away from it, as they have a venomous sting, which isn't a real threat unless one is allergic. The pH-value should be between 8.1 and 8.4, and the specific gravity at 1.022–1.025. They will most likely eat live fish and shrimp; it will take time for them to eat frozen foods. 

</doc>
<doc id="20629939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629939" title="Wolfgang Peters (canoeist)">
Wolfgang Peters (canoeist)

Wolfgang Peters (born July 3, 1948 in Schwerte, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a West German slalom canoer who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. He won two gold medals in the C-1 event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships, earning them in 1967 and 1969.
Peters also finished fifth in the C-1 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
His daughter, Violetta, won a bronze in the women's K-1 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing representing Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="20629940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629940" title="Not Easily Broken">
Not Easily Broken

Not Easily Broken is an 2009 drama film directed by Bill Duke. The film is written by Brian Bird based on T. D. Jakes' 2006 novel of the same name.
Plot.
Dave (Morris Chestnut) and Clarice Johnson (Taraji P. Henson) have reached a breaking point in their marriage. When Clarice is injured in a car accident, her mother Mary (Jenifer Lewis) intervenes. The obvious truth that more than just her injuries need immediate attention is exposed. Their odds of making it worsen as Clarice begins to see a physical therapist, and Dave develops a friendship with her (Maeve Quinlan) and her friendly teenage son Bryson (Cannon Jay). The acceptance and comfort Dave finds in them stirs his longing for a family and a passionate partner. Sadly, Bryson unexpectedly dies in a swimming accident, Dave and Julie's relationship closens and Clarice pulls farther away; they must confront whether their vows are or are not easily broken. Later on, Dave visits Julie after she calls him, and he comforts her in her grief. They begin to kiss, but Dave realizes it is Clarice he truly wants. The couple reunites once Clarice expresses to him the reasons for her mother having such a big input in their marriage. They reunite and Dave finds out that Clarice is pregnant.
Reception.
The film has received mainly negative to mixed reviews from critics. As of January 9, 2009, Rotten Tomatoes reported that 37% of critics gave positive reviews from critics based on 38 reviews. Another review aggretator, Metacritic, gave the film an 43/100 approval rating based on 18 reviews. 
On its opening weekend, it opened #9 with $5,600,000 in 724 theaters with an $7,735 average.

</doc>
<doc id="20629987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629987" title="John Singer (attorney)">
John Singer (attorney)

John Singer (born July 21, 1967) is a Wall Street Employment and Securities attorney who has appeared frequently on CNBC, MSNBC, the Fox Business Network, NBC's Today Show, ABC's Good Morning America, CNN, PBS, Yahoo Finance, Bloomberg Television, and NPR as a legal analyst and commentator. Singer has been quoted in numerous news articles, and The Wall Street Journal published an interview with him in November 2008. Singer is a partner with Singer Deutsch LLP, a Securities, Employment, and Entertainment law firm with offices in New York City, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. Singer is designated as a Martindale-Hubbell “AV Preeminent” ranked attorney by his peers in the areas of Labor, Employment, Litigation and Securities Law. Singer was designated as a "New York Super Lawyer" in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013, having been chosen for this distinction by both his peers and through independent research conducted by Law & Politics. Only five percent of New York metro attorneys have been named to the list. Singer lives in New York City and Water Mill, New York with his wife and their daughter. Singer graduated "Magna Cum Laude" from Tufts University in 1989, and he received his JD from the Georgetown University Law Center in 1992.
Career.
Singer started his legal career at Rosenman & Colin LLP in New York (now, Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP) following graduation from the Georgetown University Law Center in 1992. In 1996, Singer joined Proskauer Rose LLP in New York. He moved to the firm's Los Angeles office in 2001.
In 2003, Singer and Michael Deutsch, a Georgetown Law classmate and an NHL hockey agent, formed Singer Deutsch LLP in New York. The firm opened its Los Angeles office in 2007 and its San Francisco office in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20629999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20629999" title="David Brazil (promoter)">
David Brazil (promoter)

David Brazil (born July 25, 1969) is a Brazilian promoter of events, actor.
Early life.
He frequently participates in programs of SBT and RedeTV!, especially those related to the theme of GLS. He is also famous for having publicly announcing his homosexuality and by emulating a stuttering, which makes his presentations rather peculiar and raises doubts in viewers of whether his stuttering is real.
Career.
He often appears in magazines about fashion and gossip, participated in tables as a reporter for the Domingo Legal and various programs of the RedeTV!, works in promotion of events, as well as programs to work sporadically in the auditorium of invitation to be presenters and communicator of FM Day. He's also promoter the school of samba Rio Grande.

</doc>
<doc id="20630029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630029" title="Cetoscarus bicolor">
Cetoscarus bicolor

Cetoscarus bicolor, the bicolour parrotfish, is a species of fish belonging to the family Scaridae. It is found in the Red Sea and the tropical Indo-Pacific.
Taxonomy.
It is monotypic within the genus "Cetoscarus", although the scientific name "C. bicolor" has been suggested to be reserved for the population in the Red Sea, in which case the remaining populations are named "C. ocellatus". 
Description.
It is among the largest parrotfishes, growing to a length of up to . As in many of its relatives, it is a sequential hermaphrodite, starting as female (known as the initial phase) and then changing to male (the terminal phase). The initial phase is dark brown with a large cream patch on the upper part of the body. The terminal phase is very colourful, overall green with pink spotting to the body and edging to the fins. Juveniles are white with a black spot on the dorsal fin and an orange band through the eye.
Distribution and habitat.
This species can be found in the Indo-Pacific, from the Red Sea to the Tuamoto Islands, Izu Island and southern Great Barrier Reef. The bicolour parrotfish is associated with coral reefs. It usually can be found in lagoons and seaward reefs at depths between . Small juveniles are usually found among dense coral and in algae-rich habitats. 
Behaviour.
Male bicolour parrotfish are territorial. During its lifetime, this fish changes sex several times and very large females change sex to become brightly coloured males. This parrotfish mainly feeds on algae.
Status.
The bicolour parrotfish is a common fish within its somewhat limited range. No particular threats have been identified for this species and parts of its range are within marine protected areas and the IUCN has listed it as being of "Least Concern".

</doc>
<doc id="20630038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630038" title="Ulrich Peters">
Ulrich Peters

Ulrich Peters (born June 3, 1951 in Schwerte, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a West German slalom canoer who competed in the 1960s and 1970s.
He won five medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold (K-1 team: 1975), a silver (K-1: 1975) and three bronzes (K-1: 1971; K-1 team: 1969, 1971).
Peters finished fourth in the K-1 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. His niece, Violetta, won a bronze in the women's K-1 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing representing Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="20630045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630045" title="Pyranoscope">
Pyranoscope

A pyranoscope is an instrument for displaying controlled large flames. The name pyranoscope stems from Greek, "pyr" meaning "fire", "ano" meaning "sky" and , "skopeîn", "to look" or "see". The science of investigating the progression and propagation of flames using such an instrument is called pyranoscopy.
Design of pyranoscopes.
In order to attain the proper and controlled combustion of the fuel, a pyranoscope's most important mission is to atomize the fuel rapidly and to ignite it reliably.
Unlike flame-throwers or flame projectors for stage use, the fuel of pyranoscopes has to be atomized before ignition.
In contrast to flamethrowers a shoot of a pyranoscope is only possible vertically up (± 15°).
To meet the security policies of pyranoscopes the fuel and the oxidant (compressed air) should be separated as long as possible.
Pyranoscopes basically are technical implementations of fire-breathing.
The main components of pyranoscopes are: (from bottom to top)
Compressed air vessel.
The air vessel should be amply dimensioned for one shoot. Its capacity is about ten times the volume of the fuel tank to allocate a complete combustion of the fuel.
The vessel should at least stand the double of the working pressure which is about 6 bar (90 psi).
The air connection should be secured by a non-return valve.
The top of the vessel is closed by a solenoid valve of the same dimension like the fuel tank.
Main solenoid valve.
This valve separates the oxidant from the fuel. Its function is to open the pressure vessel abruptly to blow out and atomize the fuel.
It should have the same dimension like the fuel tank to enable an unrestricted air flow.
To trigger the pyranoscope this valve is opened for 0.5 seconds.
Fuel tank.
Normally the fuel tank of pyranoscopes is made of standard steel pipes in different lengths and diameters. Its diameter determines the size of the pyranoscope (½" to 2"). The length determines the volume and the amount of fuel for one shot.
The pipe has two extra connections on its lower side. One for filling and one for the level sensor. The filling pipe is attached to a small (⅛") solenoid valve. This keeps open until the level sensor sends its charged-signal. An external fuel pump provides the required fuel pressure of 2 bar (30 psi).
The most common fuel for pyranoscopes is ethanol. But they also work with gasoline.
Ignition unit.
On top of the fuel tank, near to the atomized fuel-stream pyranoscopes a propane 
Gas burner is used as ignition unit. Its supply line should be made from flameproof materials. To prevent the ignition flame from being blown off by the fuel stream it must be well justified.
Larger pyranoscopes (≥ 1½") need an ignition booster for fail-safe operation. This is put into practice by a propane-buffer-pipe of 0.5 liters terminated with another ½" solenoid valve.
A propane hit is blown in the ignition flame 0.1 seconds before opening the main valve.
Usage.
Pyranoscopes are frequently used in science and art. 
To meet the safety guidelines of pyranoscopes it is very important to connect the compressed-air-plug first and give pressure to the vessel. This avoids fuel entering the vessel at any malfunctions or operation errors.

</doc>
<doc id="20630058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630058" title="Ohio Department of Aging">
Ohio Department of Aging

The Ohio Department of Aging, formerly the Ohio Commission on Aging, is a cabinet-level agency in Ohio. The director of the department is the chief advisor to the Governor concerning issues affecting older Ohioans, and policy changes at the federal Administration on Aging.
History.
In 1966, Ohio established the Division of Administration on Aging, the prececesor to the Department of Aging, within the Department of Mental Hygiene and Corrections. On June 26, 1984, the Ohio Commission on Aging attained full departmental status and became the Ohio Department of Aging.
Director.
The current director is Bonnie Kantor-Burman, SC. D. Prior to being appointed by Governor John Kasich in January 2011, she was the executive director of the Pioneer Network, a national advocate for nursing home reform. She served 15 years as the director of the Office of Geriatrics at The Ohio State University.
Mission and Programs.
The department's mission is to provide leadership for the delivery of services and supports that improve and promote quality of life and personal choice for older Ohioans, adults with disabilities, their families and their caregivers. Perhaps their best-known program is the popular Golden Buckeye program. The department administers Medicaid waiver programs that allow older adults on Medicaid to receive the care they need in settings other than nursing homes, such as the PASSPORT home care and Assisted Living Waiver programs. They also administer programs funded by the federal Older Americans Act, such as nutrition and transportation services for older adults, healthy lifestyle program, the civic engagement initiative and more. 
With few exceptions, the department does not provide direct services to Ohioans. Rather, services are coordinated and managed by a network of 12 area agencies on aging. The area agencies screen potential clients, recruit service providers and more. The department monitors the area agencies for fiscal and program compliance.

</doc>
<doc id="20630062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630062" title="Intersil 6100">
Intersil 6100

The Intersil 6100 family consisted of a 12-bit microprocessor (the 6100) and a range of peripheral support and memory ICs developed by Intersil in the mid-1970s.
The microprocessor recognised the PDP-8 instruction set.
As such it was sometimes referred to as the CMOS-PDP8.
Since it was also produced by Harris Corporation, it was also known as the Harris HM-6100. The Intersil 6100 was introduced in the second quarter of 1975,
and the Harris version in 1976.
By virtue of its CMOS technology and associated benefits, the 6100 was being incorporated into some military designs until the early 1980s.
The 6100 family was produced using CMOS rather than the bipolar and NMOS technologies used by its contemporaries (Z80, 8080, 6800, 9900, etc.).
As a result of its CMOS technology and low clock speeds (8 MHz max. for the Harris HM-6100A), it had relatively low power consumption (less than 100 mW at 10V/2 MHz) and could be operated from a single supply over the wide range of 4-11V.
Thus, it could be used in high reliability embedded systems without the need for any significant thermal management, if the rest of the system was also CMOS.
The 6100 family was used in a number of products, including the DECmate line, DEC's first attempt to produce a personal computer.
The 6100 was available to military specification and since it was dual sourced by Intersil and Harris, it was used in some military products as a low power alternative to the 8080, 6800 etc.
Although it had a very simple instruction set and architecture, it was eminently suitable for use in systems that had previously used discrete logic circuits and even relay based controllers.
Intersil sold the integrated circuits commercially through 1982 as the IM6100 family. It was not priced competitively, and the offering failed. The IBM PCs in 1981 cemented the doom of the CMOS-8s by making a legitimate, well-supported small microprocessor computer.
Although this family of ICs had less logic than many competitors, and could have had smaller silicon and therefore undersold competitors, it used CMOS, then a larger technology, and failed.
Description.
The 6100 had a 12 bit CPU and closely emulated the PDP-8 (See PDP-8 for a more complete discussion). It had three primary registers: PC (program counter), 12-bit AC (accumulator), and MQ. All two-operand instructions read the AC and MQ and wrote back to the AC. There was no stack pointer; subroutines returned to their callers by jumping back into the main code, typically by storing the return address in the first word of the subroutine itself.
Conditionals in the 6100 only allowed the next instruction to be skipped. Branches were constructed with a conditional and a following jump. There was only one maskable interrupt. When the interrupt was tripped, the CPU stored the current PC in 0000, and then jumped to the location stored in 0001. The interrupt could be disabled or enabled using the IOF and ION (or SKON) instructions.
The 6100 had a 12-bit data/address bus, limiting RAM to only 4K words (6 kB). Memory references were 7-bit, offset either from address 0, or from the PC page base address (obtained by setting the seven least significant bits of PC to zero). Memory could be expanded using the optional 6102 support chip, which added three address lines and thus expanded memory to 32K words (48 kB) in the same way that the PDP-8/E expanded the PDP-8. The 6102 had two internal registers, IFR (instruction frame) and DFR (data), that offset the 4K page when the CPU accessed memory.
Versions and supporting hardware.
Intersil offered a variety of related chips to support 6100 systems.
The IM6100 CPU was a straight-8 (basic PDP-8 without memory mapping hardware).
The IM6101 PIE (Programmable Interface Element) was a basic PDP-8 I/O port.
The IM6102 MEDIC (Memory Extension, DMA Controller, Interval Timer) converted an IM6100 into something resembling a PDP-8/E's CPU.
The IM6103 PIO (Parallel Input-Output Port), and the IM6402 or IM6403 UART were basic PDP-8 I/O devices on ICs.
Intersil also offered compatible sizes of RAM and ROM: the IM6551 and IM6561 (1 KBit, 256x4) SRAM, the IM6512 (768 Bit, 64x12) SRAM, and the IM6312 (12 KBit, 1024x12) mask programmable PROM.
A selection of these components were offered as the Intersil 6801 CMOS Family Sampler Kit with the 6960 – Sampler PC Board, a single-board system including the IM6100 CPU, IM6101 PIE, the IM6312 ODT (Octal Debugging Technique) Monitor ROM, three 256x4 CMOS RAMs and a UART IM6403.
The basic 6100 was later upgraded to the 6120, which had the 6102 memory controller built-in.

</doc>
<doc id="20630083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630083" title="Harald Giersing">
Harald Giersing

Harald Giersing (24 April 1881 - 15 January 1927), a Danish painter, was instrumental in developing the classic modernism movement in Denmark around 1910-1920. He is remembered as one of Denmark's most important 20th-century artists both for his portraits and landscapes.
Life and development.
Giersing, who died at the early arge of 45, was driven by a desire to concentrate on change and beauty. Unable to find support in religion, he adopted modernism as an existential approach as to how art could fill the void for those without faith in God. While some synergies with the work of Vilhelm Lundstrøm can be detected, he differed from contemporaries such as Niels Larsen Stevns, Sigurd Swane and Edvard Weie in that he sought to represent images just as he had seen them, almost in the form of photographs.
When he arrived in Paris in 1906, he was immediately taken by Gauguin but within a year it was Édouard Manet who became his ideal, soon to be followed by Cézanne and also the neo-impressionist Paul Signac. By 1907, he had begun to show interest in the Fauvists, including Derain, Othon Friesz, Manguin, Marquet and Puy and especially Braque. All this experience helped him to attain his own way of thinking, although he was ever wary of becoming "complete" as he believed it would inhibit his further development as an artist.
He soon adopted a heavy, rather rough style with rough colours, partly inspired by Ernst Ludvig Kirchner. His painting The Judgment of Paris (1909) presents three female figures with broad dark blue outlines and rather confusing proportions.
After a period during which he concentrated on portraits and on the female figure, from about 1912 he took a special interest in painting forests. He developed a wilder, more spontaneous style using a palette knife rather than brush strokes as can be seen in his Forest Path Sorø (1916), one of his many successful forest works. Open landscapes followed, especially the Furesø pictures from 1918 on.
The Grønningen association.
In 1914, unhappy with the lack of success of "Ung Dansk Kunst" (Young Danish Art), Giersing formed a new association called Grønningen, in which he took a leading role. This provided him with a basis for contributing to the early issues of a young artists' new periodical "Klingen". He was soon recognised as the authority answering those who refused to accept new ideas, encouraging his disciples to fight and endure.
Football and ballet.
For many years, Giersing had taken a special interest in painting football scenes. However, it was not until 1917 that he adapted his approach to a rather aggressive and dynamic cubist interpretation as can be seen in "Sofus Heading" from 1917. The football paintings, like his ballet scenes, were based on photographs as starting points. In these vivid pictures, the dancers have no eyes or their faces are covered by masks.
The final years.
In 1917, as he was becoming increasingly successful and more widely recognised as the leader of Denmark's younger painters, he married Besse Syberg, one of his students, who also became his favourite model. Soon afterwards, Besse's father Fritz Syberg gave her a small cottage at Svanninge in the south of Funen where Giersing spend several summers painting some 40 pictures. Here the landscapes became constructed pictures where the countryside was expressed in a few lush green colours. Another favourite motif of the period was the churchyard near Svanninge church.
For Giersing, the 1920s did not bring the level of success he might have hoped for. After the war, Copenhagen lost many of its attractions for artists who moved to other parts of Europe. At the 1922 Grønningen exhibition in Copenhagen, Giersing exhibited almost exclusively black and grey pictures such as the Three Ladies in Black (1919), surprisingly attracting far more positive reviews. Finally, in his latter years he returned to more colourful still lifes. He died of pneumonia on 15 January 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="20630084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630084" title="Port Tobacco Historic District">
Port Tobacco Historic District

Port Tobacco Historic District is a national historic district in Port Tobacco, Charles County, Maryland. It is located along both sides of Chapel Point Road immediately south of Maryland Route 6. It includes five surviving 18th and 19th century buildings; four have been privately restored as single family residences. The fifh was renovated for use as a children's museum. Two of these buildings, Chimney House and Stagg Hall (listed separately), are immediately adjacent to one another at one corner of the town square. 
In 1972, the 1821-1892 courthouse was reconstructed on its original site for use as a museum of local history. Other buildings include several private residences built after 1940. A brick wellhouse was erected in 1958 to commemorate the county's tercentenary. Approximately 90 percent of the historic features of the community constitute archeological sites, nearly all of which have remained undisturbed by later development.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20630104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630104" title="Modelogic Wilhelmina">
Modelogic Wilhelmina

Modelogic Wilhelmina is a talent agency founded in 1993 by Stacie Vanchieri in Richmond Virginia. Vanchieri, formerly of Long Island, NY, had a photography background with an interest in fashion and design. After working in commercial photography for several years, Vanchieri opened Modelogic Inc. to service the Richmond, Virginia advertising community.
The company quickly grew to become the largest talent agency in the state, launching the careers of Boris Kodjoe, Amy Lemons, Buddy Krueger, Cole Wingo and others.
In 2004, Wilhelmina Models Worldwide approached Modelogic to become one of the first Wilhelmina affiliates in the country. With that partnership, the name of the agency became Modelogic Wilhelmina, and the company continued its expansion with the addition of a development center for new models called Wilhelmina Image. January 2011 saw the opening of the agency's second location in Milwaukee, WI to cater to the Midwest region.
Today, Modelogic Wilhelmina books talent for clients such as Abercrombie & Fitch, J. C. Penney, Geico, UPS, Walmart, Ruehl, and Circuit City. In 2010, Modelogic Wilhelmina exclusively signed Rozlyn Papa, who has gained notoriety through her appearance on season 14 of .
In September 2011, Vanchieri was filmed for the new reality show Scouted, a series documenting the lives of four model scouts and the talent they find and bring to New York. Scouted premieres on November 28, 2011 on the E! network. Veteran modeling agent Michael Flutie is executive producer along with Cris Abrego, Angela Aguilera and 51 Minds.

</doc>
<doc id="20630124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630124" title="WTA Tier II tournaments">
WTA Tier II tournaments

The WTA Tier II tournaments were Women's Tennis Association tennis second-level tournaments held from 1988 until 2008 season. The line-up of events varied over the years, with tournaments being promoted, demoted or cancelled. The series resulted from a reform of the WTA tour in 1988, offering more prize money for winners.
From 2009 WTA Tour, WTA changed tournament categories, so that majority of Tier I and Tier II tournaments from last seasons are in one category, WTA Premier Tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="20630143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630143" title="Liam Bailey">
Liam Bailey

Liam Bailey is an UK musician from Nottingham, England. Bailey co-wrote & performed on the 2011 top 5 Chase & Status single Blind Faith. Following two EP releases, Bailey's debut single "You Better Leave Me" was released the same year on Polydor Records. Along with his collaborations with DJ Fresh & Delilah he is known for his work with Shy FX which includes remixes of "You Better Leave Me" and single "Soon Come".
Bailey is noted for his soul, reggae, and blues influenced vocal style and has been compared to Otis Redding, Sam Cooke, Bill Withers, Bob Marley and Dennis Brown. 
Career.
In 2008 Bailey was a member of the folk collective The Accidental on their album "There Were Wolves", along with Hannah Caughlin, Stephen Cracknell and Sam Genders of Tunng. In 2010, he released two solo EPs on Amy Winehouse's Lioness Records. Recorded entirely by Bailey and his guitar, the debut EP "2am Rough Tracks" was released on 23 September, following its recording some weeks before. The EP consisted of "Your Heart's Not Safe", "I'd Rather Go Blind" and "Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want". This was followed by a second three track EP "So Down, Cold", released on 29 November, featuring the tracks; "Fool Boy", "Breaking Out" and "So Down, Cold". Bailey signed to Polydor Records earlier the same year.
Bailey has been performing around the world with Chase & Status since 2010. Bailey co-wrote & performed on their single "Blind Faith", released on 21 January 2011 in the UK, where it debuted at number five in the charts; it also featured on their second album "No More Idols". They then collaborated on the single Big Man, released 16 October 2012, which reached #13 on the UK Dance Chart and appears on some editions of follow-up album "Brand New Machine".
Debut solo single "You Better Leave Me" was released by Polydor on 2 March 2011; it was championed by British DJ Zane Lowe. EP "It's Not The Same" followed on 3rd July, to positive reviews. A tour with Jessie J took place the same year. Prospective debut album "Out Of The Shadows" was recorded, produced by Salaam Remi, and scheduled for issue in September 2011 but Polydor unexpectedly pulled the release.
Next single "Please Love Me" was released on New York's Truth and Soul Records in 2012. A previous release on the label had been credited to The Dynamic Set (featuring Liam Bailey). Bailey then worked with DJ Fresh on the song "Don't Tell Me", released in October on album Nextlevelism.
Following a break with Polydor, 2013 saw the re-release of ‘When Will They Learn’ on Ministry of Sound Recordings, complete with remixes by Shadow Child and others. The video was shot with Bailey's friends in Nottingham for the relatively small sum of £1,750. Manager Sarah Stennett told HitQuarters that its homegrown, low-key nature was a perfect fit saying: "The video with Liam is amazing because his friends capture him so well. He was signed to a major label previously and they never quite captured it." 
Bailey's collaboration with Shy FX, "Soon Come" reached #6 on the UK Indie Chart in 2013 and received praise from David Rodigan, Zane Lowe, and Annie Mac. New track 'Save Some Love' was made available for free download in September the same year. Bailey has stated that he intends his long-awaited debut album to have a "Heavy Soul, Duppy Rock" sound.

</doc>
<doc id="20630149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630149" title="World Institute for Development Economics Research">
World Institute for Development Economics Research

The United Nations University World Institute for Development Economics Research (UNU-WIDER) is part of the United Nations University (UNU). UNU-WIDER, the first research and training centre to be established by the UNU, is an international academic organization set up with the aim of promoting peace and progress by bringing together leading scholars from around the world to tackle pressing global problems.
UNU-WIDER.
The establishment of the UNU and UNU-WIDER.
In 1969 the UN Secretary General U Thant suggested that the time had arrived when serious consideration might be given to establishing an international university. An international university, the Secretary-General said, would be devoted to the Charter objectives of peace and progress. It would be staffed with professors from many nations and all parts of the world. The university would thus serve to break down the barriers that created misunderstanding and mistrust between nations and cultures.
The UNU was established by the General Assembly on 6 December 1973 to be an international community of scholars engaged in research, advanced training, and the dissemination of knowledge related to the pressing global problems of human survival, development, and welfare. The UNU started its activities in 1975 at its headquarters in Tokyo.
The UNU established UNU-WIDER following a brainstorming of leading economists of the day outlining the need for an institution to undertake a sustained effort for a more comprehensive understanding of the forces at work in the global economic system and their consequences for specific developing country situations and at the international level
In November 1983 Finland offered to host UNU-WIDER in its capital Helsinki, providing premises for the Institute and an endowment fund of US$25 million.
UNU-WIDER was founded by a Host Country Agreement and Memorandum of Understanding signed by the then Foreign Minister of Finland, Paavo Väyrynen, and the Rector of UNU, Soedjatmoko, on the 4th of February 1984.
Mandate.
UNU-WIDER's mandate is to undertake multidisciplinary research and policy analysis on structural changes affecting the living conditions of the world's poorest people; provide a forum for professional interaction and advocacy of policies leading to equitable and environmentally sustainable growth; and train researchers and government officials in the field of economic and social policy making.
History.
Following the approval by the Finnish Parliament, the Host Country Agreement came into force on 20 June 1984. Lal Jayawardena was appointed the inaugural director the 1st of March in 1985, and the institute was initially located at premises at Annankatu 42C in Helsinki, Finland.
Research.
During its existence UNU-WIDER has produced a large amount of research on the broad topics of poverty, inequality and growth. The Research Programme changes every two years. It is constructed by the Director in consultation with the UNU-WIDER Board following extensive discussions with UNU-WIDER research staff, leading economists, and donor government representatives. Areas of research have spanned all facets and levels of development economics including topics like; Finance and trade; economic growth and the environment; women and development; international migration and refugees; micro-simulation of tax benefit reforms; social impact of privatization; fiscal policies for growth; transition and institutions; development aid; global trends in inequality and poverty; personal assets from a global perspective and many more. During the mid-1980s the Horn of Africa was confronting widespread famine. As this coincided with the launch of the very first UNU-WIDER research programme, the theme of “Hunger and Poverty: The Poorest Billion” was included in it. This research was directed by Jean Drèze and Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen. It has been argued that the resulting three volumes of study transformed the thinking on issues of famine and food security at the time. In the late 1990s WIDER undertook a major study of income inequality trends throughout the world under the direction of its then director Giovanni Andrea Cornia. The study uncovered so called “new causes” of inequality linked to excessively liberal economic policies and the way in which economic reforms have been implemented. Furthermore, the study produced the first version of the World Income Inequality Database (WIID). It is a comprehensive and freely available database of statistics on inequality trends within countries. Since 2009, under director Finn Tarp, UNU-WIDER has concentrated widely on the “triple crisis” of food, climate change and finance.
Nobel laureates in economics associated with UNU-WIDER.
Elinor Ostrom, 2009
Paul Krugman, 2008
Joseph E. Stiglitz, 2001
Amartya Sen, 1998
John C. Harsanyi, 1994
Douglass C. North, 1993
Robert W. Fogel, 1993
Robert M. Solow, 1987
Other Nobel laureates and Prize winners connected with UNU-WIDER activities.
Martti Ahtisaari (Nobel Peace Prize, 2008)
Edmund S. Phelps (2006)
James A. Mirrlees(1996)
Controversy.
During the late 1980s and early 1990s the press reported on various financial and organisational irregularities about UNU-WIDER and its management.
Institutional framework.
The Council of UNU determines the principles and policies guiding the whole university. The Board of UNU-WIDER, comprising well-known economists, policy-makers, and social scientists from all over the world, advises on research and other activities. The Director of UNU-WIDER has overall responsibility for the research and management of the Institute, and implements the research programme in keeping with guidelines set out by the Board and the Council.
UNU functions as a decentralized 'network of networks' with an interdisciplinary and global perspective. The UNU system comprises the UNU Centre in Tokyo and a world-wide network of Research and Training Centres and Programmes (RTC/Ps) assisted by numerous associated and cooperating institutions.
Organization.
Research is coordinated by Helsinki-based staff consisting of resident researchers and support staff. A network of external project directors, located at their universities or institutes, contribute to current projects along with several hundred network participants around the world. This group includes research staff from the UNU, UN, ECLAC, UNDP, FAO, International Labour Organization, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), UNICEF and the Bretton Woods institutions including the World Bank and International Monetary Fund. Visiting scholars typically spend two to three months in Helsinki working on topics related to the current research programme. The internship programme allows PhD students in economics or related social sciences to spend two to three months at UNU-WIDER.
Funding.
UNU-WIDER was founded with contributions from the governments of Finland and India, the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sida), and the Nippon Foundation (Sasakawa Foundation, Japan). Income from the endowment fund has largely covered core expenditures. Supplementary financial support for research and other activities has been received from the governments of Denmark, Finland, Italy, Norway, Sweden and the United Kingdom; the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development( Kuwait), Ford Foundation, Yrjö Jahnsson Foundation (Finland), MacArthur Foundation, Oracle (Finland), Rockefeller Foundation, SITRA (Finnish National Fund for Research and Development), United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN-DESA), United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), and the World Bank. In-kind contributions, such as assistance in hosting workshops and conferences, are also regularly received from various universities, United Nations agencies and other international organizations.
Directors.
The current director of UNU-WIDER is Finn Tarp. Tarp also holds the Chair of Professor of Development Economics at the Department of Economics at the University of Copenhagen, where he completed his MSc and PhD in Economics. Former directors include; Anthony Shorrocks, Matti Pohjola, Giovanni Andrea Cornia, Mihály Simai and Lal Jayawardena.
Activities.
Research.
The Research Programme is reformulated every two years by the Institute’s director in consultation with the UNU-WIDER Board following extensive discussions with UNU-WIDER research staff, leading economists in the UN and elsewhere, and donor government representatives. Research projects are led by scholars (Research Fellows and External Project Directors) who elaborate the proposals before the projects are launched. Each project typically invites selected authors to write original research papers which are later presented and discussed at project workshops and conferences. In some cases, a more general 'call for papers' may be announced on the Institute’s website.
Typically, two large development conferences are organized annually in Helsinki, each of which brings together around 100 individuals to present papers and to discuss current problems on development issues. Participants are usually researchers and policy makers from the academic, government, and development communities. Special attempts are made to encourage researchers from developing countries and to achieve a gender balance at these events.
The research studies are published as WIDER working papers. The outcomes also often include a policy brief and an article in the WIDER"Angle".
Annual lecture.
The WIDER Annual Lecture is delivered by an eminent scholar who has made a significant contribution in the field of economics of development and transition. 
2011 Justin Yifu Lin - From Flying Geese to Leading Dragons: New Opportunities and Strategies for Structural Transformation in Developing Countries
2010 José Antonio Ocampo - Reforming the International Monetary System
2009 Ronald Findlay - The Trade-Development Nexus in Theory and History
2009 Deepak Nayyar - Developing Countries in the World Economy: The Future in the Past?
2008 Kemal Derviş - The Climate Change Challenge
2006 Angus Deaton - Global Patterns of Income and Health: Facts, Interpretations, and Policies
2005 Nancy Birdsall - The World is not Flat: Inequality and Injustice in our Global Economy
2004 Dani Rodrik - Rethinking Growth Strategies
2003 Kaushik Basu - Global Labour Standards and Local Freedoms
2002 Jeffrey G. Williamson - Winners and Losers in Two Centuries of Globalization
2001 Frances Stewart - Horizontal Inequality: A Neglected Dimension of Development
2000 Jagdish N. Bhagwati - Globalization and Appropriate Governance
1999 A. B. Atkinson - Is Rising Income Inequality Inevitable? A Critique of the Transatlantic Consensus
1998 Joseph E. Stiglitz - More Instruments and Broader Goals: Moving Toward the Post-Washington Consensus
1997 Douglass C. North - The Contribution of the New Institutional Economics to an Understanding of the Transition Problem
Other activities.
UNU-WIDER and the African Economic Research Consortium (AERC)signed a Memorandum of Understanding in the area of climate change capacity building and research. Subsequently UNU-WIDER / AERC have jointly announced the PhD Research Internship Program, and the UNU-WIDER/AERC Visiting Scholars Programme.
Ranking.
In 2010 UNU-WIDER was ranked as 7th best International Development Think Tank by the University of Pennsylvania Think Tanks and Civil Societies Program.

</doc>
<doc id="20630150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630150" title="Fruktime">
Fruktime

Fruktime - a series of the aerated soft drinks which are on sale in Russia and Ukraine, let out by The Coca-Cola Company. It is made in various flavouring variants: Buratino (caramel), Tarhun (tarragon), Hand bell, Lemonade, Pear, Strawberry, Apple, Cream soda, Kvass, and Baikal (Natural).
Is issued in bottles PET in capacity 0.5, 1 and 2 liters.

</doc>
<doc id="20630156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630156" title="ActorFoundry">
ActorFoundry

ActorFoundry is a Java-based library for Actor programming. It enables writing actor programs in the usual Java syntax. It support safe (by-copy) as well as efficient (zero-copy) messaging, actor mobility, and message ordering using local synchronization constraints. The run-time provides location-independence and fairness in scheduling.
It is being actively developed and maintained by the Open Systems Laboratory at the University of Illinois.
History.
ActorFoundry was originally designed and implemented by Mark Astley along with Thomas Clausen and James Waldby around 1998–2000. Mark Astley was a member of Open Systems Laboratory at that time. Actor Foundry (the original name had a space) can be accessed at its old page. provides a comparison of Actor Foundry with SALSA.
In Fall 2008, the project has been revived at the Open Systems Laboratory. Some of the recent performance enhancements are discussed in 
Design.
ActorFoundry is structured as a set of components which represent the semantic features of an Actor system such as scheduler, name service, discovery service. These components are defined in terms of interfaces. A pure Java implementation is provided for each such component. Thus, the foundry is modular in design as well as portable across all platforms supporting Java.
Performance.
ActorFoundry internally performs CPS transform (using the bytecode post-processor included in Kilim) and employs an M:N architecture (mapping M actors to N native threads where M » N) for a highly efficient implementation of Actor semantics. The performance of ActorFoundry for the thread-ring benchmark at The Computer Language Benchmarks Game is comparable to the other top performing languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20630176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630176" title="Twice as Long, Half as Fast">
Twice as Long, Half as Fast

Twice as Long, Half as Fast is an album released by Orlando group "Indorphine". Its consists of 4 Tracks. 2 being Acoustic and the other two being instrumentals.

</doc>
<doc id="20630192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630192" title="Oliver Boberg">
Oliver Boberg

Oliver Boberg (born 1965) is a German artist, working with photography and video, whose work has been exhibited internationally. He is represented by DCKT Contemporary, a gallery in New York's Lower East Side. Mainly reflecting on the process of creating and recalling memories, Boberg's works are in the collections of institutions such as the Victoria & Albert Museum ( London, England) and the Museum of Modern Art (New York, NY). 

</doc>
<doc id="20630220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630220" title="Claudio de Arciniega">
Claudio de Arciniega

Claudio de Arciniega (c. 1520–1593) was a Spanish architect and sculptor. He designed the Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral and possibly the Puebla Cathedral.
Arciniega was born in Burgos, Spain around 1520 and moved to the New World in the mid-16th century. While in Spain, he worked as a sculptor in Madrid and Alcalá de Henares. After moving to what is now Mexico, he worked on different architectural projects, including building a viceroy's palace from the remains of Montezuma's home and designing the first building for Mexico City's university. He worked on the Mexico City Cathedral until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20630226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630226" title="Thainston">
Thainston

Thainston is a farm complex and national historic district in La Plata, Charles County, Maryland, United States. The main house is a two-story, L-shaped brick house built in 1865 and enlarged early in the 20th century. It was designed by Eben Faxon, a Baltimore architect, and constructed under the supervision of Charles Ogle, a building contractor also from Baltimore. The farm developed between 1865 and the 1930s. Included on the property are a number of early dependencies, including a wellhouse, a brick dairy, a storage building, and a meathouse. A frame garage and large chicken house, both dating from the early 1900s, are on the property. There is also a collection of agricultural buildings including: tobacco barns, cattle barns, and equipment sheds clustered around a corncrib/granary. There are three frame tenant houses, several associated sheds, a probably early building site, an early well, a pit remaining from a former ice house, and the former ice ponds. Another early-20th century building, a tobacco barn, stands in a field to the west of the main grouping of agricultural buildings.
Thainston was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20630228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630228" title="M43 BZ cluster bomb">
M43 BZ cluster bomb

The M43 BZ cluster bomb, or simply M43 cluster bomb, was a U.S. chemical cluster bomb intended to deliver the incapacitating agent known as BZ. The weapon was produced in the early 1960s and all stocks of U.S. BZ were destroyed by 1989.
History.
The United States Army re-evaluated its chemical and biological weapons programs in 1961. This re-evaluation led to a renewed focus on an incapacitating agent program. A project was established to begin producing BZ munitions; one result was the mass production of the Chemical Corps' M43 BZ cluster bomb in March 1962. Though M43s and another BZ weapon, the M44 generator cluster, were produced, they were never really considered an integral part of the U.S. chemical arsenal. In the end around 1,500 BZ munitions were produced between the M43 and the M44.
Specifications.
The M43 BZ cluster bomb had a diameter and a length. This cluster bomb was designed to hold three stacks of 19 M138 bomblets. The bomblets each held about of the incapacitating agent BZ, also known as 3-Quinuclidinyl benzilate.
The M43 was meant to be delivered from a subsonic aircraft and used a standard cluster adapter which would have tail fairing added to adapt it for high speeds. The M43 cluster bomb was intended to cover an area of about with BZ agent, which made it useful for attacking a squad or company sized element. A weapon such as the M43 would have been best used against hard, high-value intelligence targets, in hostage or prisoner rescue situations, or in any other situation where friendly forces and enemy forces occupied the same area.
If the M43 had been used in open terrain under neutral atmospheric stability it could have potentially incapacitated about 94% of the target with a fatality rate no greater than 2%. This would have been for a delayed (3 to 6 hour onset) and relatively long-term (1 to 5 days) neutralization.
Issues.
The M43 never rose above the status of "interim weapon" due to a number of shortcomings and issues with both the agent and the delivery system. BZ was expensive and difficult to synthesize, and this expense made large-area use of BZ impractical. Agent manufacture presented its own set of problems. BZ was susceptible to accidental ignition on the production line. The weaponization of BZ presented other problems including the agent cloud's easy visibility, and simple counter-measures (such as a few layers of cloth over the mouth and nose) could defeat it. In addition, the agent's "envelope-of-action" and rate of action were of questionable effectiveness. Between 50% and 80% of BZ casualties had to be restrained during recovery to prevent self-injury; other common symptoms during recovery were paranoia and mania. The combination of these issues made BZ weapons, the M43 and M44 generator cluster, unattractive to military planners.
Storage and disposal programs.
All BZ agent and munitions produced were shipped to and stored at Pine Bluff Arsenal in Arkansas. The stored BZ agent and munitions were destroyed between December 1988 and 1989, with nearly all of them being destroyed by mid-December 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20630236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630236" title="Greg Cronin">
Greg Cronin

Greg Cronin (born June 2, 1963) is the current Assistant Coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs. He was named to that position on June 20, 2011
Cronin is a graduate of Colby College, class of 1986.
Coaching career.
Cronin began his career as an assistant coach at his alma mater, Colby College in 1987-88 and then became a graduate assistant at the University of Maine from 1988–90, then as an assistant for Colorado College from 1990-93. He returned to Maine to be an assistant coach from 1993–95 and was named interim head coach following a scandal that banished head coach Shawn Walsh from the bench for one year in 1995-96, leading the Black Bears to the Hockey East championship game in 1996 where they lost to Providence College, 3-2. Cronin spent time working with USA Hockey before joining the New York Islanders in 1998. He served as an assistant coach with the Islanders for 5 seasons before being named head coach of their minor league affiliate, the Bridgeport Sound Tigers. He coached the Sound Tigers for 2 seasons with great success, going 78-61-16-5.
Northeastern career.
In 2005 Cronin replaced Bruce Crowder as head coach of the Northeastern Huskies men's hockey team. Cronin inherited a team that graduated almost all of their key players from a 15-18-5 team and had little hope of competing in the short term. The team went 3-24-7 in 2005-06 before posting a 13-18-5 record the following year behind the development of many of Cronin's recruits. The team further improved to 16-18-3 in 2007-08, winning their first playoff game in years in the 2-1 series loss to the University of Vermont.
The Huskies opened the 2008-09 season expected to contend for home ice advantage in Hockey East (4th place or better) for the first time since 1997-98. The Huskies went 23-9-4 in the regular season, leading the conference until the final day when they lost at Boston College 4-1, falling to second place in Hockey East in the process. Season highlights included Northeastern's first sweep of Maine in 25 years, a win over Boston College in the Beanpot for the first time since 1994, and winning 2 of 3 games against both of the previous season's Hockey East Finalists, Vermont and Boston College. The Huskies opened the postseason by defeating the University of Massachusetts Amherst in the Hockey East Quarterfinals at Matthews Arena, 2 games to 1, with the 3rd game being won in overtime on a goal by freshman Alex Tuckerman.
On February 18, 2011, Northeastern announced Cronin would be suspended indefinitely due to possible recruitment violations. The suspension lasted six games, with Cronin being reinstated prior to Northeastern's quarterfinal playoff series with Boston University. Northeastern would win that series, capturing two of three games at Agganis Arena and make it to the Hockey East semifinals for the second time in three years, where they fell to Boston College.
On June 20, 2011, Greg Cronin was named an Assistant Coach to the Toronto Maple Leafs along with Scott Gordon.
Personal.
Cronin lives in Boston, and he has many family connections at Northeastern. His father, Don, and his uncle, Jerry, both played hockey for the Huskies in the 1950s and 1960s, and his cousin Kerry played for the women's teams from 1983–86, winning three Beanpots.

</doc>
<doc id="20630244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630244" title="Dearborn Hills">
Dearborn Hills

Dearborn Hills is a golf course built in 1922-23 by the late Robert Herndon, a prominent local developer and benefactor. It is reputed to be Michigan's oldest public golf course and is listed in the State Register of Historic Sites. In the summer of 1991 it closed to undergo a nearly $5 million renovation and expansion. The resulting new course was named "Michigan's Best Public Golf Course" by Detroit News readers and awarded 3½ stars by Golf Digest's "Best Places To Play".

</doc>
<doc id="20630246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630246" title="Messmate pipefish">
Messmate pipefish

Corythoichthys haematopterus, known commonly as the Messmate pipefish, is a species of marine fish in the family Syngnathidae. 
The Messmate pipefish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific region, from the eastern coast of Africa to the Vanuatu Islands. 
The Messmate pipefish is a small size fish and can reach a maximum size of 19.8 cm length. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade where it is commonly known as the Dragonfaced pipefish. 

</doc>
<doc id="20630264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630264" title="Palais du Peuple">
Palais du Peuple

The Palais du Peuple (Palace of the People) is a venue for important events in Conakry, Guinea. In 2008, the building underwent serious renovations prior to celebrations for Guinea's 50th anniversary of independence.

</doc>
<doc id="20630273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630273" title="Yuyama">
Yuyama

Yuyama is the largest medical and pharmaceutical automation company worldwide and the first company to introduce an automated prescription filling machine to the market. It was founded in 1964 in Osaka, Japan under the name Yuyama Co., Ltd. It has worldwide operations in North America, Asia, the Middle East, and Europe. Yuyama started its USA division as Yuyama USA, Inc. in 1996 and has grown to enjoy nationwide machine and service presence.

</doc>
<doc id="20630274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630274" title="Doryrhamphus janssi">
Doryrhamphus janssi

The Janss' pipefish ("Doryrhamphus janssi") is a flagtail pipefish from the Western Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. 
Description.
"Doryrhamphus janssi" has a long, slender body with an elongated, tubular mouth. Its tail is oval, and flag-like. The body of this species is orange while the head and anterior portion of the trunk are blue. The tail of "Doryrhamphus janssi" is black with a white margin and dot in the center. Janss' pipefish grows to a size of 14cm in length.
Captivity.
The Janss' Pipefish is not easily kept because of to its unusual feeding requirements. This fish generally prefers to eat only live copepods. 

</doc>
<doc id="20630276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630276" title="Əliyaqublu">
Əliyaqublu

Əliyaqublu is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,208.

</doc>
<doc id="20630290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630290" title="Barbara Riley">
Barbara Riley

Barbara Riley is the director of the Ohio Department of Aging. She is also a past director of the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services.[http://www.goldenbuckeye.com/about/director.html]
Background.
Riley has a BA in Sociology from Pennsylvania State University as well as a master's degree in Political Science and Public Policy from Washington University in St. Louis.[http://www.goldenbuckeye.com/about/director.html]
State government service.
Barbara Riley's Ohio state government service career started in 1990 when she was the Chief of the Health, Human Services and Justice Division of the Legislative Budget Office. In 2000, Riley was appointed deputy director of the Office for Children and Families within the ODJFS. In December 2004, Riley became the director of the ODJFS.[http://www.goldenbuckeye.com/about/director.html] In 2006, ODJFS took away the license for Lifeway For Youth, a nonprofit Christian-based placement agency, due to the death of a 3 year old boy. Riley, then the director of ODJFS, questioned "how the private placement agency Lifeway for Youth, Butler County Children Services and her own department failed the boy."
Ohio Department of Aging.
As director of the Ohio Department of Aging, Riley has visited numerous senior centers and has spoken about the state's long-term health care system. Riley has stated that one of the mail challenges her department is facing is the aftermath of the baby boom. Riley has encouraged people to make their voice heard, get involved, and lobby their legislators.

</doc>
<doc id="20630293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630293" title="Timber Neck Farm">
Timber Neck Farm

Timber Neck Farm, formerly known as Laurel Grove, is a farm complex and national historic district in Faulkner, Charles County, Maryland, United States. The main house is a -story, L-shaped frame structure with a large double chimney.
The Timber Neck Farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20630322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630322" title="Italian World War II destroyers">
Italian World War II destroyers

At the start of World War II, Italian destroyers (Italian: caccia-torpedinieri) were a mix of warships dating from old, World War I designs up to some of the most modern of their type in the world. They also varied in size from enlarged torpedo-boats to "exploratori" (an Italian designation for large destroyers approaching light cruiser size).
Although the reputation of Italian military prowess has suffered from its performance in North Africa in World War II, blame cannot be placed with its warships nor with their crews. Their destroyers were responsible for the safe flow of convoys to supply the Axis armies in North Africa, a dangerous task, and for the suppression of British submarines.
Exploratori.
The designation ""exploratori"", meaning "scouts", was originally given to a class of Italian warship that were between the then current destroyers and cruisers, in terms of size and firepower. They were reclassified as destroyers by 1940. The Regia Marina classified yet another group of ships (Capitani Romani class) as ""exploratori oceanici""—ocean scouts.
Active service.
The later ships were primarily employed as fleet escorts, but not exclusively so. Other tasks included mine-laying, convoy escort, anti-submarine, supply transport and anti-shipping.
Italian destroyers were usually organised into "squadriglia" of four ships of one class.
Design evolution.
The operational areas for the Regia Marina (Royal Italian Navy) were expected to be enclosed seas such as the Mediterranean, Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden. This was reflected in the design and construction of its warships, which did not need to withstand open ocean conditions. In 1941, the appropriately named "Scirocco" foundered in a storm off Cape Spartivento.
Italian destroyer designs followed differing design paths. At one end, a torpedo boat design was developed into a series of destroyer classes ("Sella", "Sauro" and "Turbine") that were comparable with their British contemporaries. There were also large destroyers of the older "Mirabello" and "Leone" classes, which, due to their older design, were kept to less dangerous tasks. The large destroyer concept was revived in the mid-1920s, in response to new French designs.
At the end of the 1920s, a design emerged ("Freccia" class) that was the basis for improvement and standardisation. Subsequent classes showed incremental changes that improved reliability and the "Maestrale"s were the template for the following twenty-three ships.
The original anti-aircraft weaponry, consisting of mixtures of obsolete 40 millimetre Vickers cannon (designed in 1917) and 13.2 machine-guns was clearly inadequate by the start of Italy's war. The chosen answer were 20 millimetre cannon and, in some individual ships, 37 millimetre guns replaced torpedo tubes.
Caution is needed when considering the maximum speeds of Italian warships of this period, since Italian practice was to run the trials with ships as light as possible, often without armament. This enabled impressive speeds which were unobtainable under operational conditions.
Classes.
At the Italian declaration of war in June 1940, the Regia Marina's destroyer force was a mix of outdated ships of World War I design and larger numbers of modern designs.
"Mirabello" class.
Three ships of this class were commissioned in 1916-17 as "exploratori", but one was lost in the Black Sea in 1920. In destroyer terms in the early 1920s, the ships of this class were powerful vessels, displacing 2,300 tons and armed with eight four inch guns in single mounts, 450 millimetres (17.7) inch torpedoes, depth charges and mines. Four of the eight guns were mounted along the ships' sides, reducing a broadside to six. In 1942–43, the remaining ship in the class had its four beam four inch guns removed and its anti-aircraft weaponry was strengthened to eight 20 millimetre machine guns and depth charge capacity was also increased.
The "Mirabello"'s design reflected their age and when Italy entered the war, they were used to lay minefields off Taranto and to escort convoys to Albania and Greece, relatively "safe" duties. Despite this, "Carlo Mirabello" was mined and sank off the Greek coast near Cape Dukato in 1941. Once re-armed, the remaining ship, "Augusto Ributy" was employed escorting North African convoys. She survived and was ceded to the Soviet Union in 1946.
"Leone" class.
Three "Leone"-class "exploratori" were commissioned in 1924. They were reclassified as destroyers in 1938. Their armament was upgraded from that of the preceding "Mirabello"s and the resultant additional topweight required increases in dimensions and displacement (2,690 tonnes) and the machinery was also significantly uprated to maintain speed. Main guns and torpedoes were all located along the centre-line, an improvement that allowed all guns to fire to both sides, although two turrets were placed amidships and could "only" fire to either side. Eight 4.7 inch (120 millimetres - the new standard for Italian destroyers) were mounted in four twin turrets and torpedo tubes were now 21 inch.
All three were part of the Italian Red Sea Flotilla at the start of Italy's war in June 1940, where they were employed to lay mine fields and to disrupt British convoys, without any success. All were lost by early April 1941. "Leone" ran aground and was sunk by her sisters. After an abortive mission against Port Sudan, "Pantera" was sunk by carrier-based Swordfish aircraft and "Tigre" was later scuttled.
"Sella" class.
The four "Sella" class were enlarged "Palestro" class torpedo boats, commissioned in 1926/27 and displacing 1,500 tonnes. As completed, these ships had a single 120 millimetre (4.7 inch) gun, four 533 millimetre (21 inch) torpedo tubes, two 40 millimetre and two 13.2 millimetre guns. The single 120mm gun mounting was changed to a twin in 1929 and an additional twin mount was installed sometime before 1942. The 40mm weapons were an old pattern and they were replaced by two 20mm. Two more 20mm and two depth charge throwers were added. In use, the class proved to be unreliable.
Two, "Bettino Ricasoli" and "Giovanni Nicotera", were sold to Sweden and transferred just as Italy declared war. The remaining two were stationed in the Aegean for much of the war. They laid minefields and escorted convoys and were involved in actions against British operations off Rhodes and Crete. In the latter case they carried the explosive motorboats that seriously damaged HMS York at Suda Bay. At the Italian surrender in 1943, the Germans sunk the "Quintino Sella" and captured "Francesco Crispi", renaming her "TA15".
"Sauro" class.
Four "Sauro" class destroyers were commissioned in 1926/27. They were developments of the preceding "Sella" class, with a broader beam to allow for the greater weight of weaponry from that in the "Sellas"' original specification and some layout changes. The machinery remained substantially unchanged and, consequentially, the "Sauros" were no more reliable. They displaced 1,625 tonnes, with four 120mm guns and six 533 mm torpedo tubes. Secondary armament, 40mm and 13.2mm guns were unchanged at the time of their early loss.
The four destroyers were based in the Red Sea to defend Italian Somaliland. All were lost by early April 1941, when Massawa fell. Three were lost on anti-shipping sorties and the fourth, left in port through engine defects, was scuttled.
"Turbine" class.
Eight 1,700 tonne "Turbine" class destroyers were commissioned in 1927 and 1928. These ships were a further development of the "Sella" design, with a larger hull, significantly increased engine power and fuel storage. The result was slightly faster ships with greater range. Armament was unchanged but a greater mine capacity was available. After 1940, the two surviving ships had their old model 40mm guns replaced by modern 10mm ones. In addition, "Turbine" had one triple torpedo tube mounting replaced by a 37mm gun.
All of the class were based at Tobruk, north Africa, and used to lay minefields and run supplies from Italy. This was an exposed location and six were sunk before the end of September, 1940, most in harbour by naval aircraft. Two survived until the Italian surrender, one ("Turbine") was captured by the Germans and renamed "TA14". "Euro" joined the Allies and was subsequently sunk off Leros.
Navigatori class.
The twelve Navigatoris were commissioned between December 1929 and May 1931. They were a modern form of the earlier "exploratori" - large destroyer - type of ship, displacing 2,650 tonnes and were a response to the French "Jaguar" and "Guépard" classes. Weaponry, compared to the earlier "exploratori" was reduced to six 120mm in three twin turrets, one of which was amidships. The guns were a new model (Ansaldo 1926 pattern, 50 calibre) and the mountings allowed 45° elevation. The class used two sizes of torpedoes, in two triple banks, each unusually composed of two 533mm (21 in) separated by one 450mm (17.7 in). As originally built, the class retained the older anti-aircraft fit of two 40mm and four 13.2mm guns. Fifty-six mines were carried, except for the flagship, "Nicolosso Da Rocco", which required the space for staff facilities. The class' machinery introduced a unit design, whereby the boilers and engine for one shaft was housed separately from those for the other shaft. Power output was substantially increased, in order to deliver the desired speed. A new style of bridge layout and structure was also introduced.
As originally built, the Navigatori ships were insufficiently stable and too wet. Cures were applied in two stages, firstly in the mid-1930s when some superficial changes were made to reduce superstructures and move fuel bunkers, and subsequently in 1938–1940, when the beam was increased and bows raised. Displacement was increased thereby and speed significantly reduced. During World War II, several programmes were started to upgrade weaponry, in particular anti-aircraft weapons, but none were applied uniformly to all ships in the class. These included full triple 533mm torpedo mountings, 40mm guns replaced by greater numbers of 20mm ones, The after torpedo tubes were replaced by 37mm guns. Several ships were adapted for radar but ony two received the equipment; "Leone Pancaldo" had the Italian EC3/ter Gufo set and "Lanzaretto Malocello" had the German FuMo 26/40G.
The three squadrons of this class served in the Mediterranean, escorting north African convoys, laying offensive minefields, bombarding shore targets and screening the fleet. Five ships survived until the Italian surrender, but two of these were sunk in September 1943 after action against a German convoy and another was scuttled in port to avoid capture by the Germans. One was captured by the Germans and served with them as "TA44". One ship survived the war in Italian service.
"Freccia" or "Dardo" class.
The four "Freccia" class destroyers, commissioned between October 1931 and May 1932, were a reversion to the smaller type of fleet destroyer and they were intended to keep pace with the new "Zara"-class cruisers and required greater speed and engine power to do so. Despite their design origins with the "Turbine" class, various changes resulted in the displacement, as originally built, increasing to 2,150 tonnes These changes included a larger hull, remodelled bridge and had their engine exhausts trunked to a single funnel. Poor stability and engine reliability were serious problems when the ships entered service and remedies were attempted which, in turn, led to fuel contamination. Weaponry was as for the "Turbine"s, except that an improved version of the 120mm gun was installed (Ansaldo 1926 pattern). Later, the obsolete 40mm and 13.2mm guns were replaced by 20mm/65 calibre ones. In one ship, a torpedo mounting was replaced by two 37mm guns.
At the start of Italy's war, the four ships formed the 7th Squadron based at Taranto and they were at the Battle of Calabria. Otherwise, their main role was convoy protection. Three were lost before the Italian surrender and one, "Dardo", was captured by the Germans (renamed "TA31").
Four ships, the "Kondouriotis" class, were built for the Greek Navy, based on the "Freccia" design.
"Folgore" class.
The four "Folgore"s, commissioned between June and September 1932, were modified "Freccia"s and they are sometimes included in that class as the "second group". Displacement was marginally reduced at 2,130 tonnes. The one major alteration was to reduce beam in order to improve their speed, this resulted in reduced fuel capacity and, consequently, their range. They were no more reliable or seaworthy than their earlier sisters. Their anti-aircraft gunnery was similarly improved.
These ships' service was closely similar to the "Freccia"s. They were based at Taranto and also took part in the Battle of Calabria. They also spent much of their time escorting north African convoys, on which duties they were all lost before the Italian surrender.
"Maestrale" class.
After the disappointments of the "Dardo" and "Folgore" classes, the "Maestrale" development was a largely successful attempt to eliminate faults. The four ships, commissioned from September to November 1934, were larger than the earlier classes, 2,255 tonnes and longer and broader. Engines and armament, as completed, were unchanged from the "Dardo"s, but a later version of the 120mm gun was used, the O.T.O. Pattern 1931. During service, efforts were made to improve the potency of the anti-aircraft weaponry; 40mm and 13.2 mm guns were replaced by newer 20mm ones and subsequently increased in number, two 37mm anti aircraft were installed in place of a torpedo tube mounting. A 120mm starshell gun was installed on some ships to mitigate the Italian Navy's disadvantages in night actions.
Although mainly used as fleet escorts, these ships also laid minefields and escorted convoys, during one such duty, they missed the Battle of Calabria and were never involved in a major fleet action. They came to a mixed bag of fates. Two were lost before the Italian surrender, one torpedoed and one lost in a storm; one, under repair at the surrender was scuttled to avoid German capture. The fourth, "Grecale", joined the Allies, was involved in actions against the Germans and survived into long post-war Italian service.
"Oriani" or "Poeti" class.
These four ships were commissioned between July and December 1937. They were effectively a repeat of the preceding "Maestrales" with an increased engine power. The increase in power, however, disappointed in that there was only a marginal speed improvement. The obsolete 40mm anti-aircraft guns were finally discontinued, being replaced by extra 13.2mm machine guns; otherwise armament was unchanged. The ships displaced 2,510 tonnes as built. Significant upgrades were made to the weapons systems of the two ships that survived Matapan, similar to those made to the "Maestrales". One torpedo tube mounting was replaced by two 37mm guns; 20mm cannon, a 120mm star-shell gun and depth charge throwers were also installed. Before the end of the war, one ship, "Oriani" had German Seetakt radar and additional 20mm cannon.
The four "Oriani"s operated as fleet escorts for much of the war, being present at the battles of Calabria and Matapan, two being sunk at the latter action. Another was sunk shortly before the Italian surrender. One ship, "Oriani", survived to serve with the Allies and was subsequently transferred to France and renamed "D'Estaing".
Soldati class.
Nineteen "Soldati" were built in two batches; twelve commissioned between August 1938 and May 1939 and the second batch of five between February and August 1942. The remaining two ships were not completed before the surrender; one was scrapped while under construction and the final one was completed under German colours.
First group.
The first batch took the "Oriani" design, with some modifications giving an increased displacement of 1,645 tonnes. Weapons systems were modified but these were not consistent between all ships of the class. The 120mm guns remained the main battery, in two twin mountings, fore and aft, but a later pattern was used, the 1936 or 1937 Ansaldo. As completed, the anti-aircraft battery consisted of twelve machine guns. Five ships are known to have had a second fire control director installed aft; two ships are known not have been so fitted. All except "Carabiniere" had a 120mm star shell gun amidships, to help reduce the Italian ships' disadvantage in night actions. All ships had two triple 21 inch torpedo tube mountings.
In 1940–41, the second, aft, directories were removed from those ships that had them. Five ships had an additional single 120mm gun (Ansaldo 1940 pattern) to replace their star-shell gun. The anti-aircraft machine-guns were replaced by 20mm cannon and further strengthened in 1943. Three ships received two single 37mm anti-aircraft guns, which replaced the single 120mm (where installed) and the aft torpedo tube mountings. One ship, "Fuciliere", had an Italian "Gufo" radar set installed in 1943.
Second group.
Seven modified Soldati class were ordered in 1940 and laid down in late 1940–41. These ships were equipped with five 120mm guns (2 twin and one single replacing the start shell gun of the earlier ships) and extra light AA guns.
Comandanti Medaglie d'Oro class.
None of this class were ever launched, only nine were laid down.
"Curtatone" class.
4 vessels - 890 t
Captured ships.
The Regia Marina also operated some destroyers built for foreign navies, captured from either France or Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="20630335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630335" title="Yuxarı Seyfəli">
Yuxarı Seyfəli

Yuxarı Seyfəli is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,632.

</doc>
<doc id="20630340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630340" title="Yeni Həyat, Shamkir">
Yeni Həyat, Shamkir

Yeni Həyat is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3490.

</doc>
<doc id="20630345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630345" title="Doryrhamphus pessuliferus">
Doryrhamphus pessuliferus

Doryrhamphus pessuliferus is a pipefish from the Western Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 16cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20630350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630350" title="Yeni yol, Shamkir">
Yeni yol, Shamkir

Yeni yol (known as Leninabad until 1999) 

</doc>
<doc id="20630357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630357" title="Sarıtəpə">
Sarıtəpə

Sarıtəpə is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,939.

</doc>
<doc id="20630364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630364" title="Məşədihüseynli">
Məşədihüseynli

Məşədihüseynli is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,883.

</doc>
<doc id="20630373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630373" title="Səməd Vurğun, Azerbaijan">
Səməd Vurğun, Azerbaijan

Səməd Vurğun is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,433. The village was named after Soviet writer Samad Vurgun.

</doc>
<doc id="20630382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630382" title="Qılıncbəyli">
Qılıncbəyli

Qılıncbəyli (known as Pravda until 1998) is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan, located at 243 metres above sea level. It has a population of 1,277.

</doc>
<doc id="20630388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630388" title="Şeidlər">
Şeidlər

Şeidlər is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 568.

</doc>
<doc id="20630393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630393" title="İsgəndərli, Shamkir">
İsgəndərli, Shamkir

İsgəndərli is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 545.

</doc>
<doc id="20630403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630403" title="Günəşli, Shamkir">
Günəşli, Shamkir

Günəşli is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 471.

</doc>
<doc id="20630406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630406" title="Qarabağlar, Shamkir">
Qarabağlar, Shamkir

Qarabağlar is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 377. The municipality consists of the villages of Qarabağlar and Barlıbağ.

</doc>
<doc id="20630413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630413" title="Aşağı Çaykənd">
Aşağı Çaykənd

Aşağı Çaykənd is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 373.

</doc>
<doc id="20630418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630418" title="Francisco Becerra">
Francisco Becerra

Francisco Becerra (c. 1545–1605) was a Spanish architect. Born in Trujillo, he designed and worked on several cathedrals in the New World.
Becerra either designed the Puebla Cathedral, or worked on building it to designs by Claudio de Arciniega. He also built several convents in Puebla. He also designed a cathedral in Lima, Peru, a church in Cuzco and several bridges.

</doc>
<doc id="20630421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630421" title="Qaraqoyunlu, Shamkir">
Qaraqoyunlu, Shamkir

Qaraqoyunlu is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 123.

</doc>
<doc id="20630424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630424" title="Əhmədli, Shamkir">
Əhmədli, Shamkir

Əhmədli is a village and the least populous municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="20630429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630429" title="Zwiesel station">
Zwiesel station

Zwiesel station is the most important railway hub in the Bavarian Forest. It is the only station of the Lower Bavarian town of Zwiesel. Apart from this station, the town also contains Lichtenthal station in the Zwiesel district of Lichtenthal. It is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 3 station and has four platform tracks. Zwiesel is located on the railway between Plattling and Bayerisch Eisenstein/Železná Ruda-Alžbětín, also called the Bavarian Forest Railway ("Bayerische Waldbahn"). In Zwiesel station the lines to Grafenau and to Bodenmais branch off the Bavarian Forest Railway. The lines are maintained by DB Regio and the services are operated by Regentalbahn.
History.
The station of the glass-making town of Zwiesel was opened on 15 November 1877 along with the Bavarian Forest Railway. Since 1 September 1890, the station has been the starting point of the Zwiesel–Grafenau line. The Zwiesel–Bodenmais branch line was opened on 3 September 1928. Based on the four railway lines that run in all directions, the network around the station is also known as the Zwiesel spider ("Zwieseler Spinne").
Infrastructure.
A new island platform was created between September 2006 and July 2007. The platform has three platform edges, numbered 2, 4 (a bay platform) and 5. The height of the platform was raised to 55 cm to allow level access to the trains. During the renovation of the island platform, a style of platform roofing type was used for the first time, which is now known as "Zwiesel" roofing and has since been installed at several other stations. The “home” platform has a platform height of 22 cm. € 600,000 has been made available to allow it to be raised to 55 cm by the summer of 2013. The rebuilt platform will be 90 metres long. This will give level access to trains from all parts of the station.
A loading dock is still available to the north of the station building, although the freight station has been closed. The interior of the station building was also renovated during the modernisation of the platforms. Deutsche Bahn operated a DB Service Store until the spring of 2008. This is next to a cafe and a ticket office.
In front of the station, there are several bus stops. The station is a central transfer node for the city, so the station is served by the town bus services operated by Regionalbus Ostbayern and Falkenstein buses.
Services.
Until 1987 the Deutsche Bahn VT 601 trains known as the "Alpen-See Express" (Alpine Lake Express) even brought tourists to Zwiesel and into the Bavarian Forest. Through coaches on the InterCitytrains, IC Arber and IC Bayerwald, ran to Zwiesel until 2000.
Today railway operations, apart from occasional specials, are only run in regular timetabled service using the yellow-green Regio-Shuttles of the Regentalbahn under the operating name of "Waldbahn". Trains from the long-distance stop at Plattling, from Bodenmais station and from the border station of Bayerisch Eisenstein (including trains that are run to and from the Czech station at Špičák) meet every hour just before the hour. On every odd-numbered hour, trains from Grafenau also meet at the station.
No regular goods trains call here any more. However, the station’s proximity to the Schott glass factory and the availability of its goods sheds mean that it still sees a large amount of goods traffic. There was also a rail connection to Zwiesel Kristallglas.

</doc>
<doc id="20630440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630440" title="Alexander Toluboff">
Alexander Toluboff

Alexander Toluboff (1882 – 1 July 1940) was a Russian-born American art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He was born in Lublin, Poland and died in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
Selected filmography.
Toluboff was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20630462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630462" title="WTA Tier IV tournaments">
WTA Tier IV tournaments

The WTA Tier IV tournaments were Women's Tennis Association tennis fourth-level tournaments held from 1988 until 2008 season. The line-up of events varied over the years, with tournaments being promoted, demoted or cancelled. The series resulted from a reform of the WTA tour in 1988, offering more prize money for winners. Some of the tournaments became Tier V events between 1988 and 1992 and later from 2001 to 2005 before being integrated back into Tier IV.
From 2009 WTA Tour, WTA changed the tournament categories, so that most of the Tier III and Tier IV tournaments from 2008 were in one category, WTA International tournaments. 

</doc>
<doc id="20630501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630501" title="Ömür Kınay">
Ömür Kınay

Ömür Kınay is a Turkish film director who has received the Golden Cocoon Award for her short film "Kün". Kınay was almost killed in the 1999 İzmit earthquake.
Biography.
Kınay lost her mother in the earthquake on August 17, 1999 and was badly hurt herself. She now uses a wheelchair.
Between 2005 and 2009 Kınay was a communication and design department sophomore student in Kültür University. Her 3 minutes and 20 second short film, "Kün" ("To Be"), about Mevlana Celaleddin Rumi and the seven counsels of Mevlana won three awards, including the Golden Cocoon Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20630506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630506" title="Heartland Prize">
Heartland Prize

The Chicago Tribune Heartland Prize is a literary prize created in 1988 by the newspaper "The Chicago Tribune". It is awarded yearly in two categories: Fiction and Non-Fiction. These prizes are awarded to books that "reinforce and perpetuate the values of heartland America."

</doc>
<doc id="20630507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630507" title="Pete McLeod">
Pete McLeod

Pete McLeod (born February 23, 1984 in Kapuskasing, Ontario) is a Canadian professional aerobatic pilot whose first competitive flight was as a rookie pilot in the Red Bull Air Race World Championship in 2009. 
Raised in Red Lake, a small town in Northwestern Ontario, Pete grew up playing hockey, hunting, fishing, snowmobiling, boating, and flying.
Flying career.
Truly a lifetime aviator, Pete received his first flight in the family plane at 6-weeks old. McLeod’s mother, Margaret, recalled how at the age of six Pete would sit on his father Dave’s lap, hands on the control column during flights to remote lakes. From that point on he learned to fly float and ski planes over Canada’s rugged north. 
McLeod qualified for his private pilot’s licence at 16, undergoing flight training at Harv's Air Service in Steinbach. Although he had yet to acquire a driver’s licence, flying was such a familiar experience by then that, while other students practised takeoffs and landings, he was off performing basic aerobatic maneuvers. He built up his flying hours over the next couple of years, earning his commercial licence and float endorsement at the age of 18. McLeod spent the summers flying fishermen to remote outpost camps.
Although earning his aerobatic-instructor rating when he was 18, it was not until Pete took delivery of his first high-performance aerobatic aircraft, a Pitts Special, that he began flying serious competition aerobatics. The next year, 2004, was Pete’s first full competitive season and he went on to fly undefeated; winning multiple awards in his class, a United States Regional Series Championship, and became the 2004 North American Collegiate Aerobatic Champion.
With the completion of his Economics degree from the University of Western Ontario, Pete began his 2006 season with the decision to join the air show circuit and focus all his energy on professional aerobatics. Pete’s inaugural air show season exceeded expectations and paved the way for even greater results in 2007. His greatest accomplishment came at the end of the season with a 2nd place Advanced category finish at the United States National Aerobatic Championships. With his outstanding finish against both National and World team members, Pete cemented his position as Canada’s top ranked competition pilot and as one of the country’s top solo aerobatic performers. One of Pete’s biggest accomplishments in 2007 were earning his unrestricted surface level aerobatic waiver, thus allowing Pete to continue taking his flying to the next level. At only 24 years old, Pete is one of the youngest pilots in the world to hold such a waiver for high performance aerobatics.
Red Bull Air Race pilot.
Pete's 12th place finish at the European Aerobatic Championships in the Czech Republic in 2008 earned him an invitation to attend the Red Bull Air Race qualification camp in Casarrubios, Spain, at the end of September 2008. Of the six pilots invited, five qualified for the ‘super’ licence required to compete in the world championship and McLeod was one of four rookies selected for active race status. 
Pete McLeod joins the Red Bull Air Race World Championship in 2009. He is not only the youngest rookie ever to qualify for the Red Bull Air Race, he is also the first Canadian.
Prior to the 2009 season McLeod assembles a team of technicians and support staff who, just as in NASCAR racing, will form the ‘pit’ crew for his first year on the circuit. In addition to his Red Bull Air Race contract, sponsorships, endorsements and branding rights will finance his move into professional air racing. Among the first orders of business is modifying his new Zivko Edge 540 350 horsepower aerobatic airplane into a high performance racer.
During his first year on the race circuit McLeod says he will focus on development, working with his team to tweak the most speed possible from the aircraft. He thinks "the setup is not going to be 100% for at least a year because it’s not just the pilot but the team that’s also learning. You don’t need the fastest airplane in the track in your first year because there’s so much to learn". He is looking to increase his own abilities as a race pilot, gain experience, fly fast, safe and incur minimum penalties. 
McLeod's goal is to become a strong presence in the top 5 pilots in his 2nd and 3rd seasons. "I would like to become world champion by the time I'm 30 years old", says Pete McLeod.
“I was basically raised in an airplane,” said McLeod, who said he was captivated by the Red Bull Air Race when he first saw a film clip of a race five years ago. “I started aerobatics at 16 and for the last five years I’ve been eating, breathing and sleeping competition aerobatics, air show freestyle and the Red Bull Air Race. The first time I saw a video of the race I knew that without a doubt it was something I wanted to compete in. I enjoy freestyle aerobatics but it lacks the competitive aspect that the race has. I want to measure myself against the top pilots in the world.”

</doc>
<doc id="20630522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630522" title="Barlıbağ">
Barlıbağ

Barlıbağ is a village in the municipality of Qarabağlar in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20630528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630528" title="Prodotto agroalimentare tradizionale">
Prodotto agroalimentare tradizionale

Prodotto agroalimentare tradizionale ("P.A.T."), in Italy, is a list of traditional regional food products similar to the Protected Geographical Status. However, the products may not qualify for pan-European approval, and as such "P.A.T." is only applicable within Italy.
Production is produced by each regional government, in collaboration with the Ministry of Agricultural, Food and Forestry Policies. Tuscany is currently the region with the most PAT products. 

</doc>
<doc id="20630535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630535" title="Colm Kehoe">
Colm Kehoe

Colm Kehoe (born 1972 in Bunclody, County Wexford) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club HWH Bunclody and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s. 
Educated locally at Kilmyshall N.S.

</doc>
<doc id="20630540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630540" title="Saeid Alihosseini">
Saeid Alihosseini

Saeid Alihosseini (, born 2 February 1988 in Ardabil) is an Iranian weightlifter. He holds the junior world record for the +105 kg category. 
Weightlifting career.
Alihosseini failed two doping tests, in March 2008 and October 2009, and is now banned for life.

</doc>
<doc id="20630542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630542" title="Füzuli, Shamkir">
Füzuli, Shamkir

Füzuli is a village in the municipality of Yeni yol in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20630588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630588" title="Fantasy (Danny Fernandes song)">
Fantasy (Danny Fernandes song)

Fantasy is the third single by R&B singer Danny Fernandes. It's the fourth track off his debut album "Intro".
Music video.
The music video first premiered on the MOD Daily Ten countdown on Much On Demand. It starts off with Fernandes sitting on a chair singing and looking at the camera, and later it shows a girl who just stands still in the middle of a hallway and thinks about her and Fernandes going on trips and spending time together. In the end part her and Fernandes are both in a bubble bath together, and the girl stops daydreaming after she was bumped into by another girl walking past her. Girlicious makes a cameo where they lip sync the hook "What's your fantasy". Danny's brother, Shawn Desman, also makes an appearance in the beginning of the music video. The whole entire video was choreographed by hip-hop choreographer Luther Brown, who's also one of the judges from So You Think You Can Dance Canada. The music video received a lot of commercial success as it also reached #1 on the Much Music Countdown
Chart performance.
The song debuted at #68 on the Canadian Hot 100 on the week of December 6, 2008. The song reached a new peak at #25 on the week of February 14, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20630590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630590" title="Lola Sonner">
Lola Sonner

Lola Sonner, usually known simply as "Lola," is a fictional character from the children's animation series and children's books, "Charlie and Lola".
Lola is four years old, loves pink milk and dislikes tomatoes. She is highly inquisitive about the world around her and frequently attempts to rationilise the things she does, usually in awkwardly-worded sentences (she also links sentences together occasionally). She has the irritatingly inability to understand why certain things are or can't be so and often argues her point in a childish manner, meaning her older brother Charlie must teach her a life lesson.
Lotta is Lola's best friend. She is the same age as Lola. Lola loves Marv's dog, Sizzles. Foxy is Lola's Fox Plush and Soren Lorensen is Lola's imaginary friend. Charlie Sonner is Lola's older brother. He is seven years old. The world that they live in is made of complete animation and random patterns and a mixture of real life images and animation, but Lola and her friends are all animated.

</doc>
<doc id="20630604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630604" title="Wrestling at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg">
Wrestling at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman flyweight at the 1968 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Insurgentes Ice Rink. The flyweight was the lightest weight class, allowing wrestlers up to 52 kilograms.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.

</doc>
<doc id="20630611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630611" title="Xuluf">
Xuluf

Xuluf is a village in the municipality of Keçili in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20630618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630618" title="Scott L. Fenstermaker">
Scott L. Fenstermaker

Scott L. Fenstermaker is an American criminal defense lawyer, based in New York City.
Legal career.
He is notable for volunteering to serve detainees at Guantanamo Bay detention camp in their attempts to access the U.S. justice system. According to the "American Lawyer" there are insufficient lawyers with experience defending death sentence cases to assist the Guantanamo detainees charged with capital offenses.
In a series of court documents Fenstermaker described difficulties meeting with, and corresponding with Guantanamo detainees.
He described writing to, and receiving authorization to serve as the counsel for two of the fourteen "high value detainees" transferred to military custody in Guantanamo from covert detention in the CIA's network of black sites in September 2006.
On June 1, 2009 the "New York Times" published an article about the dispute over who was going to represent 
Ahmed Ghailani, the first Guantanamo detainee to be transferred from military custody to face trial in the US civilian court system.
According to the article US District Court Judge Kevin Thomas Duffy ordered an explanation from Fenstermaker as to how he became Ghailani's lawyer.
Civil Action No. 08-cv-1085.
Civil Action No. 08-cv-1085 is a writ of habeas corpus filed after the U.S. Supreme Court ruling in "Boumediene v. Bush".
Fenstermaker and another team of lawyers have both filed petitions on behalf of Rahim Al Nashiri -- one of the fourteen "high value detainees" transferred from CIA's network of secret interrogation centers known as "black site." 
On 3 October 2008 United States district court Judge Thomas F. Hogan ordered Fenstermaker to show cause why the petition he filed on behalf of Al Nashiri shouldn't be dismissed, as a duplication of Civil Action No. 08-cv-1207. Hogan wrote that 08-cv-1207, filed on behalf of Al Nashiri by lawyers in the office of the Nevada Public Defender had been directly authorized, whereas Fenstermaker's was not. Fenstermaker replied that he had a longer history with Al Nashiri than the Nevada lawyers and that he had letters authorizing him to act on behalf of Al-Nashiri, whereas the Nevada lawyers do not.
On January 6, 2009 Fenstermaker submitted a "proposed order" to Thomas F. Hogan.
The proposed order would have ordered the Department of Defense to stop interfering with Fenstermaker's ability to communicate with Ammar Al Baluchi and Mustafa Bin Ammad Al Hawsawi, and to allow Fenstermaker to travel to Guantanamo to meet with them. On January 13, 2009 Hogan issued the order that Fenstermaker had proposed.
On March 25, 2009 Fenstermaker filed a "preliminary statement" in Ammar Al Baluchi v. Robert M. Gates.
His statement was a response to a March 2, 2009 filing from the Department of Justice which they called an "Opposition to motion to file a document under seal".
Fenstermaker said that Al Baluchi had authorized him to serve as his attorney in a letter he drafted on May 26, 2008, but that the letter had not reached him until August 2008.
Fenstermaker told the court that he still hadn't been allowed to meet with Al Baluchi, that physical letters were the only way he and Al Baluchi had communicated, and that since July 2008 the Department of Defense had been returning his letters to him, rather than delivering them.
Consequently, he told the court, Al Baluchi was unaware of the activities he was taking on his behalf.
Fenstermaker told the court that the new letter of authorization the Department of Justice was arguing he should be required to file was not reasonable, since the Department of Defense was interfering with his ability to send and receive mail with Al Baluchi.

</doc>
<doc id="20630623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630623" title="Herbert Windsor Mumford I">
Herbert Windsor Mumford I

Herbert Windsor Mumford I (1871-1938) was a professor of agriculture from 1901 to 1938 at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. 
Biography.
He was born in 1871. He had a brother, Frederick Blackman Mumford (1868-1946). He worked at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and was the department head for animal husbandry from 1901 to 1922. He was dean of the UIUC College of Agriculture and the director of the Agricultural Experiment Station and the cooperative extension service from 1922 till his death. He died in 1938. 
Legacy.
On June 27, 1946 the board of trustees of the University of Illinois approved a resolution to rename the agricultural building Mumford Hall. The renamimg took place on April 17, 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20630624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630624" title="Düzqışlaq, Shamkir">
Düzqışlaq, Shamkir

Düzqışlaq is a village in the municipality of Təzəkənd in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20630639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630639" title="Oral ecology">
Oral ecology

Adult mouths may contain 500 to 1,000 different types of bacteria as part of the human flora and oral microbiology, but about 100 to 200 species may live in them at any given time. Those who care for their teeth and have a relatively clean mouth have 1,000 to 100,000 bacteria living on each tooth surface. Those that do not have a clean mouth have between 100 million and 1 billion bacteria on each tooth. Each day more bacteria grow in a person’s mouth. Though bacteria and saliva can be beneficial to one’s health, both can also cause problems. Many diseases are related to oral bacteria. While bacteria will always be in our mouths, proper oral care and habits can protect against and reduce the effects of some harmful bacteria.
Discovery and history.
Bacteria were first detected under the microscopes of Antony van Leeuwenhoek in the 17th century. Leeuwenhoek, a Dutch scientist, performed many experiments testing and observing bacteria. He observed plaque on his own teeth— “a little white matter” as he called it. Under microscopes he saw “that in the said matter there were many very little living animalcules, very prettily a-moving,” which was the first sighting of oral bacteria as we know it. Leeuwenhoek tested the mouths of others, as well as his own. Two men that he tested had never cleaned their teeth in their lives and Leeuwenhoek found “an unbelievably great company of living animalcules…in such enormous numbers, that all the water…seemed to be alive.” Thus Leeuwenhoek discovered oral bacteria or “animalcules,” the name he gave bacteria in general.
Later studies have shown that he actually saw mats of bacteria, what we know today as biofilms. Biofilms are communities of bacteria, or micro-organisms, attached to surfaces in the body. Oral biofilms are more commonly referred to as plaque. Biofilms form almost everywhere bacteria are. In the mouth, they naturally form on any stationary surface, namely teeth, gums, and the tongue. Leeuwenhoek made important findings of bacteria with his first observation and analysis of dental plaque, and since then much more has been discovered about the mouth and its ecology.
Ecology and types.
As previously stated, the human mouth contains around 500 to 1000 types of bacteria that have various functions. While some of the bacteria in our mouths are harmful and can cause serious illness, much of our oral bacteria are actually beneficial in preventing disease. Streptococci make up a large part of oral bacteria. There are four main species within streptococci: the mutans, salivarius, anginosus, and mitis groups. Streptococcus mutans make up a large majority of what affects our mouths. As a matter of fact, it is “the biggest culprit in tooth decay” as it promotes the production of acids and enzymes. The acids cause the collapse of enamel opening the door for the formation of decay. The enzymes “leach down the tooth and begin to dissolve the ligaments and bone that help to hold the teeth in your mouth.” By turning simple sugars and carbohydrates into acids and enzymes that dissolve tooth enamel, this bacteria can leave a person with lasting dental problems. According to Dr. Robert Gandola, a dentist, “A number of bacteria can cause decay many are suspected in periodontal (gum) disease.”
As mentioned, oral bacteria also help fight disease-producing germs that try to come in through the mouth. These bacteria work with our immune system to keep our bodies disease free. For example, some of these bacteria produce organic acids that kill the organisms that cause intestinal problems. Without these good bacteria, our immune systems would be constantly bombarded by airborne and saliva-transferred germs. Bacteria are also needed to control the growth of fungus. “Balance between all the different bacteria and fungus are critical” or else the “fungus overgrows and takes over.” So, ironically, though bacteria have the potential to harm us, our mouth and the good bacteria in it are the body’s first line of defense. These bacteria are transmitted to a human early in their childhood through their contact with their caretakers by kisses or food premastication.
Bacterial growth.
Numerous kinds of bacterial grow in the mouth. “They are competing for food and places to grow” and the many hard surfaces in the mouth provide an ideal place for bacteria and biofilms to grow and reproduce. Unlike most other places in or on the body, the mouth does not desquamate (shed). A tooth’s distinct surface and stagnant nature makes it optimal for populations and growth of micro-organisms and bacteria, resulting in dental plaque. To grow and flourish in the mouth, biofilms go through four main stages of growth. First, bacteria must be deposited from saliva onto a surface where it can attach. Then the bacteria, or micro-organisms, grow and replicate. Since bacteria can grow exponentially in short periods of time, it can quickly and easily create biofilms. Third, the biofilm matures and accumulates more mass on the surface. Bacteria can continue to divide and grow by binary fission until nutrients begin to run out or their growth is inhibited. When this happens there is the final stage, the dispersal or detachment, causing the death of the bacteria. Some oral bacteria, "Streptococcus gordonii" for example, cannot last for long periods without nutrients, while other types of bacteria can survive for weeks. While in their prime, biofilms can cause major damage to a person’s teeth and gums. Though damaging, biofilms can be partly removed by brushing and flossing and “some of it comes off with rinsing or eating.” We never really lose all of it because it is constantly being replenished by our own saliva. Bacteria can then reattach and start to grow and the cycle continues. Bacteria and its growth are two of the principal components of oral ecology.
Saliva.
Though bacteria play a major role in oral ecology, another key part is saliva. Saliva keeps the ecosystem of our mouth in balance. It contains its own bacterial enzymes that are beneficial to our health. An example of these are lysozomes. These antibacterial agents in saliva kill bacteria in our mouths and protect from potentially dangerous diseases. In addition, saliva contains phosphate and calcium ions that help repair microscopic chinks made in the teeth by the bacteria’s acid. The major organic constituents of saliva are proteins and glycoproteins. Proteins in saliva float around and influence the mouth’s ecosystem in multiple ways. Some of the proteins provide nutrients for bacteria, while others cause bacteria to clump together so they are unable to stick to any surface and are washed away. 
The main function of saliva is to flush out all of the micro-organisms that could potentially threaten our health. The flow of saliva constantly bathes the mouth and detaches all micro-organisms that are not already firmly attached to a surface. This makes it difficult for bacteria to adhere to surfaces to even begin to form biofilms. Many harmful micro-organisms, therefore, are unable to attach quick enough to a surface before they are caught in saliva and swallowed. Although saliva does a lot to keep our bodies healthy, it cannot completely keep all bacteria from adhering to tooth, tongue or gum surfaces.
Diseases.
Diseases transmitted through Saliva.
Because of the amount of bacteria in each person’s mouth, there is a transfer of bacteria through saliva when lip balm, drinks, toothbrushes, or anything else is shared. Some of these viruses that result are relatively inconsequential while others could potentially have a serious impact on one’s life. Some examples of the milder diseases passed through saliva include herpes simple virus (cold sores or canker sores), flu virus, cold virus, and various bacteria that cause periodontal disease (inflammation or infection of gum tissue), venereal diseases, and candida albicans (fungus).
Mononucleosis (mono), known among teenagers as the “kissing disease”, is another prominent condition that can come from saliva exchange. It is a contagious viral disease in the herpes virus family. In addition to kissing, however, mono can also “be spread when a person coughs, sneezes, or shares objects such as drinking glass or water bottles.” There are only certain stages when it is contagious,mostly during the fever stage, but during those times it is transferrable through saliva exchange.
Diseases related to oral hygiene.
Other serious and possibly life-threatening diseases have been found to be connected to oral hygiene. These diseases are not passed through saliva, but are still influenced by the mouth’s ecology and bacteria. Streptococcus mutans, a common oral bacteria discussed above, is a pathogen that causes pneumonia, sinusitis, otitis media, and meningitis.
Prevention.
Although disease is possible through oral interactions, there are many ways to prevent or at least reduce the risk of infection and disease. Brushing and flossing teeth regularly are the most basic ways to reduce these risks. These two fundamental hygiene tips help to get rid of bacteria that try to stick to surfaces in our mouth to form plaque (oral biofilms). Brushing and flossing the teeth are critical because they disrupt biofilms and their ability to permanently damage the teeth or gums. The less you brush your teeth, the better chance that bacteria will form plaque and potentially cause serious oral and health issues.
Diet has an influence in our oral health as well. Most of us have been warned against eating too much candy because it will give us cavities. This is true because much of the bacteria in our mouths are nourished by simple sugars and carbohydrates. An excess of candy, soda, or other simple sugars is an easy way to let bacteria thrive in our mouths. In addition, there are other ways to further reduce the risk of invaders harming the mouths’ health. Visits to the dentist can be beneficial where fluoride treatments are available. Combined with dental sealants, these treatments can, in most cases, ensure prevention of harmful bacterial effects. Fluoride is extremely effective in protecting enamel on the teeth. “Fluoride, a chemical that appears naturally in groundwater in many areas of the world, quickly bonds with the tooth's enamel to maintain its smooth crystalline surface and deter bacteria from gaining a toehold.” The Oral-B website advises people to “drink tap water when possible” because “if bottled water is your main source of drinking water, you could be missing the decay-preventative benefits of fluoride.” Also, a study in the Journal of the American Dental Association states that “antiseptic mouthwashes have been associated with a 28 to 34 percent reduction in dental plaque biofilms at six month follow-ups. Chlorhexidine gluconate rinses, when combined with toothbrushing, have been reported to reduce oral biofilms . . . by 50 to 55 percent.” By going to do the dentist and listening to advice, one can begin to prevent oral infection and disease.
Toothbrush hygiene.
There are many ways to improve the oral cleaning process. One basic and obvious way is to make sure the toothbrush is clean. Some dentists recommend methods of cleaning, such as putting toothbrushes in dishwashers or microwave ovens. Much of the bacteria will be killed off using these methods, either when exposed to cleansing agents or air, but also increase the possibility of damaging the toothbrush in the process. Though cleaning a toothbrush will ensure that the small amount of bacteria left on it will be killed, the American Dental Association advises that one should replace a toothbrush or electric toothbrush head every three to four months. The Journal of the American Dental Association suggests a few “common-sense” ways to stay healthier in relation to toothbrush care: “don’t share toothbrushes, thoroughly rinse the toothbrush with tap water after use to remove any toothpaste and debris, store the toothbrush in an upright position if possible and allow it to air-dry, when storing more than one brush, keep them separated so that germs are not transferred from one brush to another, and don’t routinely cover or store toothbrushes in closed containers. A moist environment helps the growth of most germs.” By taking care of one’s toothbrush, sicknesses from bacteria can be greatly reduced.
Conclusion.
Bacteria and saliva are two of the major components in the make-up of our mouth bacteria. Though both have the capability to be harmful, they are, very beneficial and necessary in our immune system's ongoing battle to keep our bodies healthy and protected. Good and bad bacteria will grow and thrive in our mouths no matter what. Our efforts should be to properly clean and take care of our mouths in order to lessen the damage bacteria can have like caveties and tooth decay.
References.
“Antony van Leeuwenhoek.” University of California Museum of Paleontology. 10 Oct. 2008 [<http://www.ucmp.berkeley.edu/history/leeuwenhoek.html>].
“Avoiding Tooth Decay.” "Oral-B". 10 Oct. 2008 <[http://www.oralb.com/en-US/topics/default.aspx#f=0_2&overlay=AvoidingToothDecay&s=&rd=2_0]>.
DePaola, Dominick P., Frederick A. Curro, and Domenick T. Zero. "Saliva: The Precious Body Fluid." "J Am Dent Assoc" 139.suppl_2 (2008): 5S-10. 10 Oct 2008 <cgi/content/full/139/suppl_2/5S?maxtoshow=&HITS=10&hits=10&RESULTFORMAT=&fulltext=saliva+and+disease&andorexactfulltext=and&searchid=1&FIRSTINDEX=0&sortspec=relevance&resourcetype=HWCIT>.
Dreher, Nancy. "What you need to know about mono." "Current Health" 2 23.7 (Mar. 1997): 28. Academic Search Premier. EBSCO. Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. 10 Oct. 2008 <[https://www.lib.byu.edu/cgi-bin/remoteauth.pl?url=http://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=9709154272&site=ehost-live&scope=site]>.
Favot, Christa. “What is Living in my Mouth? Biofilms, Carbohydrate, and Acid Blasts.” "The Naked Scientists" (Mar. 2006). 10 Oct. 2008 <[http://www.thenakedscientists.com/HTML/articles/article/christafavotcolumn1.htm/]>.
Gandola, Dr. Robert. Dentist. Email correspondence. 15 Oct. 2008.
Marsh, Philip, and Michael V. Martin. "Oral Microbiology". Oxford: Wright/Butterworth-Heinem, 1999.
Slavkin, HC. "Biofilms, Microbial Ecology and Antoni Van Leeuwenhoek."" J Am Dent Assoc" 128.4 (1997). 18 Sep. 2008 <[http://jada.ada.org/cgi/reprint/128/4/492]>.
Stevens, Jane E., and Jack Desrocher. "Oral ecology." "Technology Review" (00401692) 100.1 (Jan. 1997): 48. Academic Search Premier. EBSCO. Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. 10 Oct. 2008 <ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=aph&AN=9701222410&site=ehost-live&scope=site>.
"Streptococcus mutans." Encyclopædia Britannica. 2008. Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 18 Sep. 2008 <[http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/568826/Streptococcus-mutans]>.
Thomas, John G., and Lindsay A. Nakaishi. “Managing the Complexity of a Dynamic Biofilm.” "J Am Dent Assoc" 137.3 (2006). 10 Oct. 2008 <full/137/suppl_3/10S?maxtoshow=&HITS=10&hits=10&RESULTFORMAT=&author1=Thomas&fulltext=mouth+microbiology&andorexactfulltext=and&searchid=1&FIRSTINDEX=0&sortspec=relevance&volume=137&resourcetype=HWCIT>.
"Toothbrush Care, Cleaning and Replacement." "J Am Dent Assoc" 137.3 (2006): 415. 10 Oct. 2008 <[http://jada.ada.org/cgi/content/full/137/3/415?maxtoshow=&HITS=10&hits=10&RESULTFORMAT=&fulltext=oral+microbiology&andorexactfulltext=and&searchid=1&FIRSTINDEX=10&sortspec=relevance&volume=137&resourcetype=HWCIT]>
Zimmer, Carl. "How Microbes Defend and Define Us." "Science, New York Times. 12 Jul 2010 <[http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/13/science/13micro.html?pagewanted=1&src=un&feedurl=http://json8.nytimes.com/pages/science/index.jsonp]>

</doc>
<doc id="20630644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630644" title="David S. Hall (art director)">
David S. Hall (art director)

David S. Hall (23 July 1905 – 23 July 1964) was a British art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Hall was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20630646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630646" title="Absalom Dlamini">
Absalom Dlamini

Absalom Dlamini (born 5 August 1984) is a Swazi footballer with the Royal Leopards and the Swaziland national football team. He plays on position of defensive midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20630657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630657" title="Angola Red Cross">
Angola Red Cross

Angola Red Cross also known as ARC was founded in 1978. It has its headquarters in Luanda.

</doc>
<doc id="20630665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630665" title="1975 UCLA Bruins football team">
1975 UCLA Bruins football team

The 1975 UCLA Bruins football team represented the University of California, Los Angeles in the 1975 NCAA Division I football season. Coached by Dick Vermeil, the Bruins won their first conference championship in 10 years, and won the Rose Bowl over an undefeated and top-ranked Ohio State team.
Regular season.
Coming off an injury plagued 1974 season that saw the Bruins go 6-3-2, UCLA began the season ranked #16. A season opening 37-21 win over Iowa State saw them move up to #12; this was followed by a 34-28 win over #10 Tennessee. But then they stumbled in a turnover plagued 20-20 tie at Air Force; Ohio State then handed UCLA its first loss of the season, 41–20, on October 4, 1975 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. After the game, Woody Hayes prophetically told his team that they would be facing UCLA again in the Rose Bowl. UCLA was the only opponent to score more than 14 points in a game all season against Ohio State, and they did it twice.
The Ohio State loss dropped he Bruins out of the top 20, but they returned to #13 after wins over Stanford, Washington State, and a key win over California. But another loss, this time to Washington 17-13, dropped them back out of the top 20 and resulted in a 5-way tie for 1st place in the Pac-8 between UCLA, California, Stanford, USC, and Washington. After a pair of wins over the Oregon schools, the Bruins went into their season ending game against rival USC needing a win to go to the Rose Bowl. A loss or tie would send California to Pasadena. Despite fumbling 11 times and losing 8, UCLA beat the Trojans 25-22. UCLA ended up tied with California for the Pac-8 championship, but advanced to the Rose Bowl on the strength of their 28–14 win over the Golden Bears. The Bruins went into the Rose Bowl ranked #11. The 1975 USC-UCLA game was legendary coach John McKay's final game at the Coliseum.
It was the only Rose Bowl appearance for Dick Vermeil in only his second season coaching at UCLA. He would leave to coach the Philadelphia Eagles after the season. 
Schedule.
′*1976 Rose Bowl
Players and coaches.
34 returning lettermen from Coach Dick Vermeil's first team that was 6–3–2 in 1974.
1975 team players in the NFL.
The following players were claimed in the 1975 NFL Draft.
The following players were claimed in the 1976 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20630674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630674" title="Angelo Berardi">
Angelo Berardi

Angelo Berardi (c. 1636 – 9 April 1694) was an Italian music theorist and composer.
Born in Sant'Agata Feltria, "Sant'Agata, Tuscany", or some other Sant'Agata yet to be identified, he received early education at Forlì under Giovanni Vincenzo Sarti (1600–1655). From 1662 he was "maestro di cappella" in Montefiascone. He studied under Marco Scacchi at Gallese at some time between 1650 and Scacchi's death in 1662; he included two motets by Scacchi in Book 1 of his "Documenti armonici" of 1687, and also cites him frequently. By 1667, when his "Salmi vespertini concertati", Op. 4, were published, Berardi was "maestro di cappella" at the cathedral in Viterbo. He was probably made a priest in Rome in 1672 or 1673. He was organist and "maestro di cappella" at Tivoli from 21 September 1673 to 1679, and "maestro di cappella" and "professor of music" at the cathedral in Spoleto in 1681 or from 1679–1683. He was a canon at the "collegiata" of S. Angelo, Viterbo, when the "Documenti armonici" (1687) and "Miscellanea musicale" (1689) were published. By 1693 he was "maestro di cappella" at Santa Maria in Trastevere in Rome.
He died in Rome in 1694.
Berardi composed a significant body of work, mostly of a sacred nature, but he is better known for his writings on music theory and counterpoint. His first treatise, published in 1670 or in any case before 1681, has not survived, but is referred to in his "Ragionamenti musicali" (1681), which deals with the origins of music and the proliferation of musical styles. Both the "Documenti armonici" (1687) and the "Miscellanea musicale" (1689) discuss contemporary contrapuntal practices.

</doc>
<doc id="20630684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630684" title="Ansbach station">
Ansbach station

Ansbach station is the central transportation hub in the town of Ansbach in southern Germany. It is here that two main lines cross: the Nürnberg–Crailsheim and Treuchtlingen–Würzburg railways.
History.
Ansbach was first connected to the railway network by a leased railway, that linked the town to the Ludwig South-North Railway at Gunzenhausen 28 kilometres away and which was opened on 1 July 1859. In 1869, the railway was open all the way from Würzburg to Treuchtlingen and, in 1875, it was joined by the line from Nuremberg, which was extended over the state border to Crailsheim in 1876. In 1903, the Leutershausen-Wiedersbach–Bechhofen railway was opened, whose trains were nicknamed "Boggala" in the Bechhofen dialect, and usually ran through to Ansbach. However it was closed as early as 28 November 1966.
With the establishment of the Nuremberg Regional Transport Union ("Verkehrsverbund Großraum Nürnberg" or "VGN") the line to Nuremberg was integrated into route R7. After the expansion of the VGN on 1 July 1997 the R7 was extended to Dombühl and the route from Uffenheim to Treuchtlingen added to the network as route R8.
Traffic.
Rail services.
The station of Ansbach has seven platforms, including two bay platforms. As a rule the Regionalbahn trains to Nuremberg use platforms 1 and 1a, trains to Stuttgart stop at platform 2, trains to Würzburg at platform 3 and occasionally platform 1b, trains to Treuchtlingen at platform 4 and Regional-Express and Intercity trains to Nürnberg at platform 5.
The following trains call at Ansbach station:
Bus services.
At the end of the 1990s the station forecourt at Ansbach was refurbished and a central bus station created. Most of the town bus lines stop here as do many regional buses that connect Ansbach to the surrounding area.
Future.
Würzburg Railway Network or "E-Netz".
In 2007 it was announced that Deutsche Bahn had emerged as the winner of the competition for the Würzburg railway network or "E-Netz", to which the Treuchtlingen–Würzburg line belongs. As a result of this modern multiples of the Coradia LIREX type will be ordered for the lien from the French manufacturer Alstom.
Nuremberg S-Bahn.
On the change of timetable in 2010 the Nuremberg S-Bahn network will be significantly expanded. This includes a new line to Ansbach, which will mean some rebuilding work at the station yard at Ansbach.

</doc>
<doc id="20630726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630726" title="Pink 8 Ball">
Pink 8 Ball

Pink 8 Ball is the 71st cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Laugh track.
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the Pink Panther cartoons were broadcast on NBC. Though most entries in the series later muted the audience, the laugh track version airs on France Channel Gulli.

</doc>
<doc id="20630740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630740" title="Pink Aye">
Pink Aye

Pink Aye is the 72nd cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980. "Pink Aye" was the first entry in the "Pink Panther" series after a two-year hiatus. The cartoon's name is a play on the disease, pink eye.
Plot.
The Pink Panther is a stowaway on the cruise ship Luxitania, on which a famous opera star is sailing. While the ship's captain courts her, the steward who is also assigned to her (The Little Man) finds the Panther and tries to capture him. However, the Panther's food-pilfering and the stewards attempts to catch him keep disrupting the opera star and Captain, and the steward feels the wrath of the Captain every time.
The highlight of the cartoon is the Panther's epic struggle with an uncooperative chaise lounge, which eventually comes to life and chases the Panther and the steward off the ship onto a deserted island.
Laugh track.
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the "Pink Panther" cartoons were broadcast on NBC-TV. When MGM released all 124 "Pink Panther" cartoons on DVD in 2006, the theatrical versions were, for the most part, utilized. However, several television prints made their way onto the DVD set, "Pink Aye" being one of them. As a result, the laugh-tracked version is currently available.

</doc>
<doc id="20630741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630741" title="Bold Reason">
Bold Reason

Bold Reason (1968–1985) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion broodmare sire. Bred by Harry Guggenheim, he was sired by Hail To Reason, the 1970 Leading sire in North America. His dam was Guggenheim's excellent runner Lalun who also produced Never Bend. He was bought as a yearling for $52,000 by William Levin at the 1969 Guggenheim dispersal sale.
As a three-year-old competing in the 1971 U.S. Triple Crown series, Bold Reason ran third in the Kentucky Derby, fifth in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes. He went on to win important races that year including the prestigious Travers Stakes.
Retired to stud duty, Bold Reason was the leading broodmare sire in Great Britain & Ireland in 1984. Of his daughter's progeny, the most important was Sadler's Wells.
Bold Reason died on November 14, 1985 at Samantha Farms in Old Westbury, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20630769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630769" title="Trail of the Lonesome Pink">
Trail of the Lonesome Pink

Trail of the Lonesome Pink is the 73rd cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980. 
Plot.
Fur-trapping French-Canadian brothers Jules and Jacques set about distributing foothold traps throughout the forest, and end up snarling the Pink Panther's tail while he is picnicking. Enragaed, the panther declares himself "The Pink Avenger" and goes about gathering an army of snapping turtles. Several mishaps then ensue when the turtles manage to bite the fur trappers repeatedly despite their attempts to capture the panther. After eventually getting caught in their own leg-trap, the pair are then both catapulted by a recoiling tree into the horizon.
Production notes.
The title "Trail of the Lonesome Pink" is a parody of the 1936 film title "The Trail of the Lonesome Pine".
"The Pink Panther and Friends" contained a laugh track when the Pink Panther cartoons were broadcast on NBC-TV. When MGM released all 124 Pink Panther cartoons on DVD in 2006, the theatrical versions were, for the most part, utilized. However, several television prints made their way onto the DVD set, "Trail of the Lonesome Pink" being one of them. As a result, the laugh-tracked version is currently available.

</doc>
<doc id="20630773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630773" title="MillionMile Greenway">
MillionMile Greenway

The MillionMile Greenway (MMG) is an organization and system of connected greenways across metropolitan Atlanta, the state of Georgia and the eastern United States. MMG intends to help individuals and local communities begin or expand their efforts at conservation and recreation.
Purpose.
The MillionMile Greenway is a non-profit organization which acts as a mentor for people who want to preserve greenspace. Each section of the MillionMile Greenway aims to conserve greenspace, provide recreation for the public and connect to an existing greenspace. The MillionMile Greenway aims to achieve a balance between population growth and conservation of land and water resources for parks, trails and natural spaces.
Affiliates.
MillionMile Greenway affiliates are community organizations and organized citizens' groups. Current affiliates include:

</doc>
<doc id="20630779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630779" title="1999 Great American Insurance ATP Championships – Singles">
1999 Great American Insurance ATP Championships – Singles

Patrick Rafter was the defending champion, but lost in the final this year.
Pete Sampras won the title, defeating Rafter 7–6(9–7), 6–3 in the final.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20630785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630785" title="Boligee Hill">
Boligee Hill

__NOTOC__
Boligee Hill, now known as Myrtle Hill, is a historic plantation house near Boligee, Alabama. The Boligee Hill plantation was established in 1835 by Dr. John David Means. He had migrated to Alabama from Newberry, South Carolina. Dr. Means had 110 slaves according to the 1850 Greene County census. The house was built in 1840. It was acquired by the Hays family in 1869 and renamed Myrtle Hall for the sweet myrtle growing around it. The property was restored in 2007 by the Beeker family and renamed Myrtle Hill. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 19, 1982 due to its architectural significance.

</doc>
<doc id="20630789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630789" title="Black Student Movement">
Black Student Movement

The Black Student Movement (BSM) is an organization at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. It is the second largest student-run organization on the school's campus. The organization was created on November 7, 1967 because of limited population growth of blacks on the UNC-CH campus. Through Black Student Movement there have been many subgroups and committees to appear such as: Opeyo! Dance Company, Celebrating Black Women (CBW), Emphasizing Brotherhood Across Campus Effectively (EmBrACE), Harmonyx A Capella, UNC Gospel Choir, Ebony Reader's Onyx Theatre (EROT), Black Ink and the Political Action Committee (PAC) to name a few.
History.
The Black Student Movement was established on November 7, 1967 as a result of the slow new enrollment of the black population on campus and because of Black student dissatisfaction with the NAACP chapter on the campus. The Black Student Movement was officially recognized by the UNC administration in December 1967. In the fall of 1967, UNC reported 113 African American Students enrolled out of 13,352. In 1961 the NAACP chapter had been formed and had actively protested against segregation and discrimination, but by 1967 more militant students led by Preston Dobbins and Reggie Hawkins felt that the NAACP was overly conservative. They voted to disband the chapter and instead form the Black Student Movement. The NAACP's magazine, "The Crisis", reported that the chapter president, Kelly Alexander Jr., opposed demands for separate facilities for black students, arguing against "any attempt to re-establish institutionalized segregation". The state NAACP leadership intervened and the two organizations then co-existed. Although the organization had white sympathizers, it was all-black.
The Black Student Movement began taking form as the dominant organization who voiced the views and opinions of black students at the university.The ensuing year was momentous black students on the campus because it was within this time frame that the Dixon Resolution and the Phipps Committee were established. The Dixon Resolution, written by Professor John Dixon on May 3, 1968, requested that the Chancellor appoint a five-person committee to generate recommendations for the faculty to help improve the academic climate among Black students. It was the Phillips Committee, led by Professor Dickson Phillips, that recommended an eight-step plan to improve the intellectual climate and remove educational disabilities on the basis of the race of Black students on campus and those to come.
On December 11, 1968, the Black Student Movement presented a list of 23 demands to J. Carlyle Sitterson (chancellor at the time) for improvements that they wished to see implemented, including better treatment of the campus workforce and more opportunity and representation at the University for African American students. The demands included the founding of an African-American Studies department at the University, an office that would be responsive to black student's needs. Six weeks after being presented with the demands, Sitterson issued a nineteen-page written reply, demonstrating his intent "to be responsive to the educational needs of...all races, colors and creeds" while also asserting that the University cannot, in policy or practice, provide unique treatment for any single race, color or creed", but promised open discussion and the establishment of a student commission. The demands that students made left the University community nervous, given the student takeover of administrative buildings at Duke University in February 1969, that led to police firing tear gas. Many students and faculty alike felt as though the Chancellor's response was dismissive and organized sit ins. UNC faculty members organized a petition supporting the BSM, athletes Bill Chamberlain and Charlie Scott met with Chancellor Sitterson to show their support for the demands, the majority of which were met within five years.
BSM and Food-workers.
A partnership between blacks students and food-workers began in December 1968, after the BSM presented their demands. Amongst these demands was the urging of the University to "begin working immediately to alleviate the intolerable working conditions of the Black non-academic employees". Provoked by Sitterson's response to their demands, BSM met with food-workers to address employee grievances. With encouragement from BSM core members, Preston Dobbins, Reggie Hawkins, Jack McLean and Eric Clay, the food-workers remained determined to be taken seriously by administration. 
Sunday, February 23, 1969, food-workers came to work and set up their counters. When the doors were opened, workers walked out and sat down at cafeteria tables. The following morning, nearly 100 dining hall employees refused to report to work, marking UNC's first serious labor dispute, one that would last for nearly a month.
Due to the involvement of the BSM, administrators viewed the strike as a student uprising and refused to meet with workers alone rather wanting meeting with BSM students presents. Upset with the lack of response from administration, particularly the Chancellor, on Monday, March 3, 1969 the BSM partnering with Southern Students Organizing Committee changed their tactics, taking a more authoritative stance entering Lenoir and slowing down service to students. Their actions tried to force administration to deal with the issue. After things got dangerous, the administration closed Lenoir. In a meeting with Governor Robert W. Scott, Chancellor Sitterson and UNC System President William C. Friday argued to keep Lenoir Hall closed until Thursday lunch and downplayed the need to bring in the Highway Patrol to maintain order. As Sitterson prepared to announce his plan for reopening Lenoir, Governor Scott declared that four National Guard units were standing by in Durham, and that five squads of riot-trained Highway Patrol were being sent to Chapel Hill to ensure that Lenoir would open for breakfast on Thursday, 6 March.
Many UNC students, white and black, and faculty were mobilized by the table-turning incident and the Governor's response. The SSOC, the National Student Association Southern Area Conference, and representatives from Student Government attempted to act as mediators between the black students and food-workers on one side and the University administration and North Carolina General Assembly on the other. Though the Faculty Council resolved to support the University administration, some faculty members signed petitions calling on Sitterson to recognize the validity of the BSM's demands and to increase wages and opportunities for promotion for campus non-academic workers. 
BSM activities came to a head when, on 13 March, the Governor directed Chapel Hill police to arrest BSM members who refused to leave Manning Hall, which was then otherwise unused. Those arrested retained Charlotte attorneys Julius Chambers and Adam Stein to represent them.Ultimately, the UNC Non-Academic Employees Union was formed and its requests were prioritized: a minimum wage of $1.80 per hour, the appointment of a black supervisor, and time-and-a-half for overtime work.
Uprisings and strikes.
During 1968, the Movement staged several protest marches following the Orangeburg Massacre and the assassination of Martin Luther King that featured the burning of an effigy of Governor Robert McNair and the Confederate flag, followed by a one-day strike with 95% adherence from black workers.
In 1969 along with the Southern Student Organizing Committee (SSOC), picketed alongside workers and boycotted the dining halls in solidarity. Faculty picketed as well, carrying signs that said "Faculty Supports Lenoir Workers". After ten days of the second strike, students from Black Student Movement chapters across the state planned to convene in Chapel Hill for "Black Monday", a rally in support of the strikers.
On December 4, 1969, the police attacked a group of demonstrators from the Black Student Movement who allegedly refused to disperse. Nine people were arrested, including two union organizers. Charges included failure to disperse and disorderly conduct.
On November 14, 1998, to commemorate the BSM's 30th anniversary, students rallied in support of the Housekeeper and Groundskeeper Struggle, and presented Chancellor Michael Hooker with a list of 22 new demands.
BSM Evolves.
The Black Student Movement, commonly referred to as BSM has the mission: "We, the members of the Black Student Movement, embrace a culture distinct from the dominant culture found at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. In view of this fact, it is the goal of this organization to strive for the continued existence of the unity among all its members, to voice the concerns and grievances of its members to the University, to offer outlets for expressing Black ideals and culture, and finally, to insure that the Black Student Movement members never lose contact with the Black community".
In November 1997, students on campus still felt as though their voices were not being heard. BSM presented Chancellor Michael Hooker with a list of concerns. The presentation coincided with BSM Awareness Day, remembering those who began the fight for equality thirty years earlier. On Friday afternoon, students presented readings, music and poetry to make the campus community aware of their cause. At the conclusion of their events, the students marched to the Officer of Chancellor Hooker and presented him with a list of demands. They presented 22 demands that were not different than the ones presented to Chancellor Sitterson in 1968, however there was an additional demand for a black cultural center on campus.
One of the demands presented at the second round was a free-standing black cultural center. When professor Sonja Haynes Stone died of a stroke in 1991, BSM members voiced their dissatisfaction with the small black cultural center in the Student Union and pushed for a freestanding building dedicated to the late professor.But former Chancellor Paul Hardin said the center should be "a forum and not a fortress," and the Black Cultural Center's suite in the Union was dedicated to Stone. After more than a decade of fundraising and rallying, BSM members were able to see the dedication of a freestanding Sonja Haynes Stone Center for Black Culture and History.
In addition to advocating for the minority voice, in recent years, the BSM has made an effort to promote change and voter participation. In 2009, the political action committee of BSM presented "Vote and Vote Smart", to encourage political participation. 
The group presented the event in conjunction with the local chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the group United with the Northside Community Now.
BSM also has focused the 2011 year on self identity, hosting "Same by Race, Different by Name", a panel discussion on identity in the black community as well as an in-depth look at stereotypes about Africans and American Americans and their relationship with one another.

</doc>
<doc id="20630825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630825" title="Danskin Triathlon">
Danskin Triathlon

The Danskin Triathlon is a series of women-only triathlon races, which is claimed by its organisers to be the largest and longest-running multi sport sprint-distance series in the world. It is structured for both first time and veteran women triathletes. It generally uses the Sprint Triathlon Distances of a .75K Swim, a 20K Bike, and a 5K Run. It includes a mixed age group category for women who want to do the race with a family member.
They will also recognize and support cancer survivors as the Danskin series did in the past. The Team Training groups will be for the Trek series this year, not Danskin, as they are programs designed by Sally Edwards.
For its part, the Danskin Triathlon Series will continue to produce the same events as always in all of the same markets as before.

</doc>
<doc id="20630840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630840" title="Road Safety Foundation">
Road Safety Foundation

The Road Safety Foundation is a UK based charity which carries out and procures research into safe road design and road safety. The Foundation is responsible for the European Road Assessment Programme (EuroRAP) in the UK and Ireland.
History.
The Foundation began in 1986 as the AA Foundation for Road Safety Research by the AA while it was still a member owned institution. The charity became the Road Safety Foundation following the sale of The AA by Centrica to CVC and Primera.
Aims.
Today the Foundation's aims are:
Governance.
The Foundation is governed by a Council of Management led by Lord Alf Dubs and includes representation from the Freight Transport Association, FIA Foundation for the Automobile and Society and International Road Assessment Programme (IRAP).
In addition to his role in the Foundation, Lord Dubs, previously a Labour Member of Parliament and Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State in the Northern Ireland Office, is an active member of the House of Lords. In January 2008 Lord Dubs spoke of his interest in Road Safety and the Foundation in a debate on Road Safety.
Research.
Research legacy.
The Foundation has a legacy of research going back to its inception in the mid-1980s. Research covers a wide range of road safety related subjects including the causes of accidents in young pedestrians, risk and safety in the older driver and a review of tyres and road surfaces. Since 2003 the work of the Foundation has focused on EuroRAP in the UK and in 2008 the Campaign for Safe Road Design.
EuroRAP in the UK.
The Foundation is the Active Member and licence holder for the European Road Assessment Programme (EuroRAP) in Britain and Ireland. The Foundation regularly issues the list of safest and most dangerous roads in Britain and Ireland. 
In 2008 the Foundation released its latest results for Britain, naming the A537 Macclesfield to Buxton road as the most dangerous road in Britain. The results also featured in an edition of Police Camera Action!.
In May 2008 the Foundation also released the latest Risk Rating results for Ireland, reporting that the Ireland network no longer featured any roads in the highest risk banding (Black-High Risk). In the Republic of Ireland the N53 was identified as a priority for action to improve road safety, while in Northern Ireland the A2 was prioritised. The 2008 Ireland report also publishes the results of the first Star Rating Assessment of Irelands roads which showed a clear split in terms of safety design between the historic non-designed single carriageway roads with poor safety provision and the newer motorways and dual carriageways which achieved a very high safety rating.
Campaigning for Safe Road Design.
The Campaign for Safe Road Design is a partnership between 13 UK major road safety stakeholders that is calling for the UK Government to invest in a safe road infrastructure which could cut deaths on British roads by 33%. The Road Safety Foundation is the lead partner in the campaign.
Following the success of the UK Campaign for Safe Road Design, having influenced the UK Department for Transport to support the increase of EuroRAP risk rate mapping to the wider road network in the UK, EuroRAP has organised a European Campaign for Safe Road Design along the lines of the UK campaign. 
The European campaign features 28 partners across Europe and aims to influence the EC to use Safe Road Infrastructure Initiatives to cut casualties by 50,000 a year for the next decade, which is the equivalent of €50 billion over the decade or 0.5% of GDP. The Road Safety Foundation is the campaign's partner in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20630846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630846" title="Lotta">
Lotta

Lotta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20630885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630885" title="Paul Codd">
Paul Codd

Paul Codd (born 1 December 1976 in Rathnure, County Wexford) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Rathnure and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1995 until 2006. He captained Wexford.

</doc>
<doc id="20630915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630915" title="Carl Jules Weyl">
Carl Jules Weyl

Carl Jules Weyl (6 December 1890 – 12 July 1948) was a German art director. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Adventures of Robin Hood". He was also nominated in the same category for the film "Mission to Moscow".
Early life and education.
Weyl was born in Stuttgart, Germany. His father was an architect and field engineer of the Gotthard Rail Tunnel through the Alps. Carl Jules Weyl studied at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris after architectural training in Berlin, Strasbourg, and Munich. He served as a first lieutenant of infantry in the German Reichswehr, according to his World War I draft registration card.
Architect and art director.
Weyl immigrated to the US on March 31, 1912, according to his 1933 petition for citizenship, on the SS Königin Luise (1896). He worked as an architect in California, first in San Francisco for the architect John Reid, Jr, a designer of the San Francisco Civic Center and many schools. Weyl moved to Los Angeles in 1923, where he designed the Brown Derby Restaurant #2, the Hollywood Playhouse, the Gaylord Apartments, as well as many other buildings and Hollywood estates. When the Depression hit and building commissions dried up, Weyl joined Cecil B. DeMille Productions, then Warner Bros. as an art director. Weyl initially worked as an assistant to Anton Grot and Robert M. Haas. His first set for Warner Bros was the fountain in Footlight Parade.
Death.
Weyl died in Los Angeles, California. He is interred in Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale.

</doc>
<doc id="20630917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630917" title="Rwandan Red Cross">
Rwandan Red Cross


</doc>
<doc id="20630939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630939" title="Myrtle Hill">
Myrtle Hill

Myrtle Hill can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20630951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630951" title="Farendj">
Farendj

Farendj is a 1990 French drama film directed by Sabine Prenczina and starring Tim Roth, Marie Matheron and Matthias Habich.

</doc>
<doc id="20630974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630974" title="Specific resistance">
Specific resistance

Specific resistance may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20630975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630975" title="List of Fender amplifier users">
List of Fender amplifier users

This is an alphabetized list of musicians who have made "notable" use of Fender amplifiers in live performances or studio recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20630988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20630988" title="SECU">
SECU

Secu or SECU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20631009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631009" title="International School of Moscow">
International School of Moscow

The International School of Moscow (abbreviated ISM) is an international school serving the expatriate community in Moscow (children aged 2 to 16 years – Pre-Nursery to Year 11). All teachers are qualified in the United Kingdom. The school follows the English National Curriculum, which is one of three internationally-recognised curricula. Students who graduate from National Curriculum schools may study in most universities worldwide, without additional examinations.
Location and facilities.
ISM is located in the Krylatskaya area, near most expatriate areas in Moscow. It is within a combined Olympic park and nature reserve. School facilities include:
Administration.
ISM is governed by the British Schools Foundation, a UK non-profit organisation which aims to promote quality British-style education worldwide; its day-to-day operation is overseen by a headmaster. The school is also an affiliate of the Council of British International Schools (COBIS), and licensed by the Russian authorities. 
Curriculum.
Pre-school.
The pre-school uses the Early Years Foundation Stage from ages 2–5. Offers of placement are made subject to assessment. Pre-school assessments are social in nature, and conducted over a one-hour period in the pre-nursery classroom.
Children are considered ready for (Pre)-Nursery when they:
Community service.
The ISM has recently partnered with an orphanage and social-rehabilitation centre for children in Krylatskaya. Charity fundraising events have included a music marathon to benefit BBC's Children in Need.
Student body.
As of December 2013, the school has 550 students. The student body is primarily expatriate, representing over 45 nationalities. The school adheres to a strict admissions policy, maintaining English as the common language in the classroom and on the playground. The majority of students come from a native English-speaking background, and/or from English-speaking countries such as the UK, USA and Australia.
Parental involvement.
Parent representatives volunteer to be the primary contact for each class teacher. They meet regularly to coordinate parental involvement in class events and visits in support of the curriculum – the swimming gala, field trips and sports day, for example. The Event and Fundraising Committee (EFC) serves to encourage parental support, assist with fundraising and build school community and pride. All parents and guardians of ISM students are members, and are encouraged to contribute ideas for discussion at meetings; they are also informed of upcoming events. The EFC also acts as a steering group, making key decisions when planning and organising events. They receive regular feedback from parent representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="20631020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631020" title="Namibia Red Cross Society">
Namibia Red Cross Society

Namibia Red Cross Society also known as NRC was founded in 1992. It has its headquarters in Windhoek.

</doc>
<doc id="20631026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631026" title="Emmett's Mark">
Emmett's Mark

"Emmett's Mark" is a 2002 American thriller film directed by Keith Snyder and starring Scott Wolf, Khandi Alexander, Talia Balsam, Sarah Clarke, John Doman, with Tim Roth and Gabriel Byrne. Also featuring Ira Hawkins, Benjamin John Parrillo, Elizabeth Reaser, Carolyn McCormick, Adam LeFevre, and Greg Wood.
The film is also known under the title "Killing Emmett Young."

</doc>
<doc id="20631027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631027" title="Matepe">
Matepe

The matepe is a type of lamellophone played in North-Eastern Zimbabwe. It is primarily played by the Kore-Kore people which is a subgroup of the Shona people. 
It is one of the five main types of mbira played in Zimbabwe, and is sometimes also called "hera".
The matepe has a different playing style than other mbira in that it uses both thumbs and both index fingers. Four or five independent melodies are played simultaneously in traditional matepe music. The traditional music is used for spirit possession ceremonies, known in Zimbabwe as a bira ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="20631045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631045" title="Sverdrup Basin Magmatic Province">
Sverdrup Basin Magmatic Province

The Sverdrup Basin Magmatic Province is a large igneous province located on Axel Heiberg Island and Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada near the rifted margin of the Arctic Ocean at the end of Alpha Ridge. 
With an area of 550,110 km2, the Sverdrup Basin Magmatic Province forms part of the larger High Arctic Large Igneous Province and consists of flood basalts, dikes and sills which form two volcanic formations called the Ellesmere Island Volcanics and Strand Fiord Formation.
The flood basalt lava flows are similar to those of the Columbia River Basalt Group in the U.S. states of Washington, Oregon and Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="20631105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631105" title="Mali Red Cross">
Mali Red Cross

Mali Red Cross also known as CRM was founded in 1965. It has its headquarters in Bamako.

</doc>
<doc id="20631135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631135" title="Bernard Herzbrun">
Bernard Herzbrun

Bernard Herzbrun (10 January 1891 – 7 January 1964) was an American art director. He was nominated an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Alexander's Ragtime Band". He worked on 275 films between 1930 and 1955.
He was born in New York City, New York and died in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20631149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631149" title="Matt Deakin">
Matt Deakin

Matt Deakin (born 20 May 1980) is an American competition rower, Olympic champion and world champion. 
Deakin won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 2004 Summer Olympics, as a member of the American team. The time 5:19.85 was a new world record. He is a graduate of the University of Washington and a member of the New York Athletic Club Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20631155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631155" title="Red Cross of Chad">
Red Cross of Chad

Red Cross of Chad also known as CRC was founded in 1983. It has its headquarters in N’Djamena, Chad.

</doc>
<doc id="20631188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631188" title="Indomito-class destroyer">
Indomito-class destroyer

The "Indomito" class was a class of destroyers of the Italian Royal Navy () before and during World War I. Six were built at Naples by Societa Pattison between 1910 and 1913. They were the first large Italian destroyers and the first fitted with steam turbines. The class is sometimes also called the I class. Two of the class were sunk during World War I, but the four surviving ships remained in service until 1937–38. One of the class, , was reinstated during World War II and served in the "Règia Marina" and the German "Kriegsmarine" before being sunk by U.S. aircraft in late 1944.
Design and construction.
The "Indomito" class was designed by Luigi Scaglia of Societa Pattison of Naples. The boats were the first large destroyers of the "Règia Marina" and the first fitted with steam turbines. The "Indomito" class were the first in the progression of Italian destroyers to be called either "tre pipe" or "tre canne" for their three funnels.
The ships were at the waterline ( overall) with a beam of and a draft of . They had twin shafts driven by two Tosi steam turbines that were fired by four Thornycroft boilers. The drivetrain was designed for a power output of to move the ships at , but had a maximum output of which propelled the ships at .
As built, the ships were armed with one /40 gun, four /40 guns, and two torpedo tubes. In 1914 they were augmented with an additional two torpedo tubes. During World War I, guide rails for laying up to ten mines were added to the ships. Later wartime changes replaced all the guns with five /35 and a single /39 machine gun. Oil capacity was also increased during the war from to in order to increase endurance, but the increased weight had the opposite effect: slowing the ships and reduced their endurance.
Service career.
All of the "Indomito" class saw action during World War I, with two of the ships, and , sunk during the war. The remaining four ships all survived the war and were reclassified as torpedo boats in 1929. The remaining four ships were stricken 1937–38. , however, was reinstated on 1 March 1941. Reduced to two funnels and rearmed, she served as a target ship, a convoy escort, and served in an ASW role. She was scuttled by her crew on 10 September 1943 at Pola, but was raised by the Germans who commissioned her as "Wildfang" on 8 November. "Wildfang", the last surviving member of the "Indomito" class, was sunk by U.S. aircraft on 5 November 1944 after just under one year of German service.

</doc>
<doc id="20631202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631202" title="Hindu code bills">
Hindu code bills

Following India's independence in 1947, the postcolonial government led by Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru completed the codification and reform of Hindu personal law, a process started by the British. According to the British policy of noninterference, reform of personal law should have arisen from a demand from the Hindu community. This was not the case, as there was significant opposition from various Hindu politicians, organisations and devotees who saw themselves unjustly singled out as the sole religious community whose laws were to be reformed. However, the Nehru administration saw such codification as necessary in order to unify the Hindu community, which ideally would be a first step towards unifying the nation. They succeeded in passing four Hindu code bills in 1955–56: the Hindu Marriage Act, Hindu Succession Act, Hindu Minority and Guardianship Act, and Hindu Adoptions and Maintenance Act. These continue to be controversial to the present day among women's, religious, and nationalist groups.
Background.
While there may be a permanence of certain fundamental beliefs about the nature of life that is pervasive through Hinduism, Hindus as a group are highly non-homogenous. As Derrett says in his book on Hindu law, "We find the Hindus to be as diverse in race, psychology, habitat, employment and way of life as any collection of human beings that might be gathered from the ends of the earth." The Dharmaśāstra—the textual authority on matters of marriage, adoption, the joint family, minorities, succession, religious endowments, and caste privileges—has often been seen as the private law of the Hindus. However, whatever is known and interpreted about this Hindu law is a jumble of rules, often inconsistent and incompatible with one another, that are lacking in uniformity.
Hindu law's content and structure has ultimately survived as a result of its administration by British judges who gave a lot of attention to Hindu religious-legal texts, while simultaneously invoking English procedure, jurisprudence, and English law to fill any gaps. Opinions often differ as to the extent of the discrepancy between the current law and the public's needs, but most agree that a substantial inconsistency exists. The British colonial government administered India largely through a policy of noninterference, allowing civil matters to be dealt with through respective religious communities. Matters that fell under the jurisdiction of these communities were called "personal laws." The British began the intensive process of codifying Hindu personal law in the early 1940s in an attempt to notate and therefore organise the Indian political system.
In 1921, the British Government had already gone so far as to welcome individual Members' efforts at piecemeal codification, a limited but significant shift in policy. According to Levy, that year, "two Hindu legislators, one a lawyer in the Central Legislative Assembly (the lower House), the other an eminent scholar of Sanskrit in the Central Council of States (the upper House), initiated resolutions seeking Government support for a Hindu Code of family law." In the next two decades many such fragmentary measures were enacted, modifying the Hindu law of marriage, inheritance, and joint family property. As a whole, the enacted bills carried further a modest trend toward increasing property alienability, reducing the legal importance of caste, sanctioning religious heterodoxy and conversion and, most significantly, improving the position of women. However, it was the passing of the Hindu Women's Rights to Property Act (Deshmukh Act) in 1937, which had given the widow a son's share in property that was one of the most substantial steps towards the Hindu Code Bill.
A uniform civil code?
In December 1946, the Constituent Assembly convened to devise a Constitution for the soon-to-be-independent India. There were extensive debates over the place of personal laws in the new Indian legal system. Some argued that India's various personal laws were too divisive and that a uniform civil code should be instituted in their place. And once the notion of a uniform civil code was put forward, it soon became accepted as an important part of the effort to construct an Indian national identity, over the separate identities of caste, religion and ethnicity. Some resistance to the code was on the grounds that its imposition would destroy the cultural identity of minorities, the protection of which is crucial to democracy. Certain feminists thus argue that the uniform civil code debate balances on the polarity of the state and community, rendering the gender-based axis upon which it turns, invisible.
A compromise was reached in the inclusion in the first draft of an article that compelled the state "to endeavour to secure for the citizens a uniform civil code throughout the territory of India." This clause—which equated to a goal, not a right—became Article 44 in the Constitution. It was widely criticised by proponents of a uniform code because it contained no mechanism and provided no timetable for enforcement. However, Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and others insisted on its inclusion, arguing that though only symbolic it was an important step towards national unity. Though Nehru himself likely would have favored a uniform code, he knew that personal laws were linked with religious identity in India and therefore could not be easily abolished. Recognizing that what he wanted was not a political reality he settled for an unenforceable clause.
Beginning of codification.
Initial draft.
In 1941, the colonial government had appointed a four-member Hindu Law Committee, known as the Rau Committee after its chairman B. N. Rau. The committee was to resolve doubts about the Deshmukh Act's construction, ensure that its introduction of new female heirs was not made at the expense of the decedent's own daughter, and consider bills introduced to abolish women's limited estate and to make polygamy a ground for separate residence and maintenance. Later in 1941 the Committee reported that the time had come for a Hindu Code. Social progress and modernization could only be achieved though fundamental reforms, which recognized gender equality. The code was to be shaped with the aid of orthodox, conservative and reformist Hindus and by a comprehensive blending of the best of the current schools of Hindu law and the ancient texts.
The 1941 Report was accompanied by two draft bills, each of which was laid before a select committee of both houses of the legislature. Much publicity was given to the project, and as a result of these committees' reports, the Hindu Law Committee itself was revived in 1944 and under its chairman, B. N. Rau, prepared a Draft Code dealing with Succession, Maintenance, Marriage and Divorce, Minority and Guardianship and Adoption. It was this Code which was widely circulated and discussed and given the name "Hindu Code Bill". After publication in twelve regional languages and a wide publicity campaign, the Rau Committee toured the country and examined witnesses. The result 1947 report of the committee included and went far beyond the 1941 proposals, recommending the abolition of the joint-family property system, the introduction of the daughter's simultaneous succession with the son to the father's estate, the abolition of the barrier to intercaste marriages, the assimilation of civil and sacramental marriages, and the introduction of divorce for the higher castes. It was the intention of the Government that this first draft should become law on 1 January 1948, but the whole project was temporarily suspended when independence led to the priorities of the legislature to be consumed with the task of creating the new regime.
By 1943 a significant opposition to the code had begun to develop inside and outside the Legislature. But in the 1943–44 legislative debate, opponents and supporters alike accepted as fact the view that the majority of the legal profession continued to support the code. Opponents tried to undercut this perceived support by arguing that lawyers had become westernized, or that the merits of the bill were for the people to decide, not lawyers. Nehru had already been forced to retreat from an original position of passing the bill. However, his position greatly improved in 1951 when he succeeded Purushottam Das Tandon as Congress president. He chose not to test his combined powers as prime minister and party president, in regard to the bill at that time and allowed it to lapse. He did, however, promise fellow supporters that he would campaign on the bill with plain arguments on the merits.
Ambedkar's draft.
The Ministry of Law revised the first draft in 1948 and made some small alterations to it, making it more suitable for discussion in the Constituent Assembly, where it was finally introduced. It was referred to a select committee under the chairmanship of law minister B. R. Ambedkar, and this committee made a number of important changes in the Bill. This edition had eight sections: part one delineated who would be considered a Hindu and did away with the caste system. Significantly, part one stipulated that the Hindu Code would apply to anyone who was not a Muslim, Parsi, Christian or Jew, and asserted that all Hindus would be governed under a uniform law. Part two of the bill concerned marriage; part three adoption; part four, guardianship; part five the policy on joint-family property, and was controversial as it included the nontraditional allocation of property to women. Part six concerned policies regarding women's property, and parts seven and eight established policies on succession and maintenance. By allowing for divorce, Ambedkar's version of the Hindu Code conflicted with traditional Hindu personal law, which did not sanction divorce (although it was practiced). It also "established one joint family system of property ownership for all Hindus", doing away with regional rules. Finally, it allotted portions of inheritance to daughters, while giving widows complete property rights where they had previously been restricted.
Conflicts also arose from the categorization of who would be considered Hindu. The Code established "Hindu" to be a negative category that would include all those who did not identify as a Muslim, Jew, Christian, or Parsi. Such a broad designation ignored the tremendous diversity of region, tradition and custom in Hinduism. Those who practised Sikhism, Jainism, and Buddhism were considered to be Hindus under the jurisdiction of the Code Bill. While these had originally included aspects of Hinduism, by this time they had evolved into unique religions with their own customs, traditions, and rituals. There was also significant controversy over what was established to be Hindu personal law. Sanctioned under Hinduism were a variety of practices and perspectives. Therefore, the administration had to arbitrate between these variations, legitimating some and disregarding or marginalising others.
Further revisions and passing.
The draft that Ambedkar submitted to the Constituent Assembly was opposed by several sections of lawmakers. The motion to begin discussion on the Hindu Code Bill was debated for over fifty hours, and discussion was postponed for over a year. Realizing that he would have to make significant concessions to get the bill passed, Nehru suggested that the proposed law be split into several sections. He told the Constituent Assembly they would only contend with the first 55 clauses concerning marriage and divorce, while the rest would be considered by the Parliament of India after the first general election. However, this compromise was largely ineffective in convincing conservatives to support the bill. When only 3 of the 55 clauses passed after an additional week of debating, Nehru had Ambedkar's committee distribute a new draft that complied with many of the critics' demands, including the reinstitution of the Mitākṣarā joint family system, an amendment to allow for brothers to buy out daughters' share of the inheritance, and a stipulation allowing divorce only after three years of marriage. However, after the bills were defeated again in the assembly, Ambedkar resigned. In a letter which he released to the press, he held that his decision was largely based on the treatment which had been accorded to the Hindu Code Bill as well as the administration's inability to get it passed.
In 1951–52, India held its first general elections. Nehru made the Hindu Code Bill one of his top campaign initiatives, declaring that should the Indian National Congress win, he would succeed in getting it passed through parliament. Congress won sweeping victories, with Nehru reinstated as prime minister, and he began a comprehensive effort to devise a Bill that could actually get passed. Nehru split the Code Bill into four separate bills, including the Hindu Marriage Act, the Hindu Succession Act, the Hindu Minority and Guardianship Act, and the Hindu Adoptions and Maintenance Act. These were met with significantly less opposition, and between the years of 1952 and 1956 each was effectively introduced in and passed by Parliament.
Intentions.
As Mansfield writes regarding the need for personal laws in India, "The spectacle of large political entities in different parts of the world collapsing and giving place to smaller entities based on ethnicity, religion or language or combinations of these factors, rather than strengthening the idea that a powerfully centralised, culturally homogenous nation is essential for order and prosperity, may have confirmed for some the view that the pressing task for India is not to increase central power and cultural homogeneity, but to find an alternative to the 'nation-state' model, an alternative that will sustain unity through some form of 'pluralism'."
Nehru's primary purpose in instituting the Hindu code bills was to unify the Hindu community. Therefore, it made sense to define Hindu in the broadest possible sense. Through legal equity Nehru intended to "erase distinctions within the Hindu community and create Hindu social unity." "The integration of Hindus into a homogeneous society could best be done by enacting an all-embracing code which encompasses within its fold every sect, caste, and religious denomination." The debates over Article 44 in the Constitution revealed that many believed varied laws and legal divisions helped create, or at least were reflective of, social divisions. Nehru and his supporters insisted that the Hindu community, which comprised 80% of the Indian population, first needed to be united before any actions were taken to unify the rest of India. Therefore, the codification of Hindu personal law became a symbolic beginning on the road to establishing the Indian national identity. Nehru also felt that because he was Hindu, it was his prerogative to codify specifically Hindu law, as opposed to Muslim or Jewish law.
Those in Parliament who supported the bills also saw them as a vital move towards the modernization of Hindu society, as they would clearly delineate secular laws from religious law. Many also heralded the bills' opportunity to implement greater rights for women, which were established to be necessary for India's development.
Support and opposition.
During the debates over the Hindu code bills in the General Assembly, large segments of the Hindu population protested and held rallies against the bills. Numerous organizations were formed to lobby for the defeat of the bills and massive amounts of literature were distributed throughout the Hindu population. In the face of such vocal opposition, Nehru had to justify the passage of the Hindu code bills. Before, he had stated that, in accordance with the policy of noninterference, he was undertaking codification in compliance with a demand from the Hindu community. When it became clear that the vast majority of Hindus did not support the Bills, he insisted that though a minority, those who supported the Hindu Code Bills were modern and progressive and subsequently held vital weight in the Hindu community in importance if not in numbers. He also argued that because the bill's supporters were progressive, those who dissented would eventually change their position when confronted with the realities of modernity.
The Hindu Code Bill's proponents included both men and women within and outside of Parliament belonging to various political parties. Significant support for the bills came from Congress' women's wing (All-India Women's Conference), and several other women's organizations. Advocates largely sought to convince the public that the bills did not stray far from classical Hindu personal law. Essentially, those in Parliament who opposed the bills were men, and largely came from Nehru's own Congress party. They believed that the code bills would institute reform that strayed too far from the classical Hindu social order, and were too radical. They argued that practices such as divorce were absolutely not condoned by Hinduism. "To a Hindu the marriage is sacramental and as such indissoluble." They also felt that should equal property rights be given to women, the Mitākṣarā concept of a joint family would crumble, as would the foundation of Hindu society. They also insisted that were daughters and wives given inheritance more conflicts would arise within families. Their main argument, however, was that the bills lacked public support. Therefore, they were a direct contradiction to the policy of noninterference and would mean the government was meddling in personal law. They implied that these were bills propagated by a small minority of Hindus onto the majority who did not want them.
Today.
The application of the Hindu Code Bills have been controversial in determining who is to be called a Hindu and who is entitled to be exempted from certain rules of Hindu law.
They are also still contentious among many communities, including women's, nationalist, and religious groups. At the time of their creation, many portrayed them as a serious deviation from Hindu legal precedent. Feminists such as Nivedita Menon argue that since these personal laws cover matters of marriage, inheritance and guardianship of children, and since all personal laws discriminate against women, the tension within these laws is a contradiction between the rights of women as individual citizens and those of religious communities as collective units of the democracy. In her 1998 article "State, Gender, Community: Citizenship in Contemporary India", she calls for more support and initiation for reform within all personal laws, more legislation in areas that are not covered by secular or personal laws—such as domestic violence. She also argues for the setting-up of a gender-equal framework of rights that covers the "public" domain of work (maternity benefits, equal wages) and is available to all Indian citizens (thus avoiding a direct confrontation with communities and communal politics).

</doc>
<doc id="20631204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631204" title="Central African Red Cross Society">
Central African Red Cross Society

Central African Red Cross Society also known as CARC was founded in 1966.It has its head in Bangui, Central African Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20631208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631208" title="Helen Ring Robinson">
Helen Ring Robinson

Helen Ring Robinson (1878–1923), was either the first or the second woman to serve as a state senator in the United States and the first in the Colorado State Senate. She was elected in 1913.
Biography.
She was born in 1878 in Eastport, Maine.
She was elected to the Colorado State Senate for one four-year term in 1912, and took office in 1913. 
Among the progressive laws she passed were a minimum wage law for women and an abatement for property used for prostitution. Both were efforts to reduce prostitution. Women were not allowed to serve on juries at that time, though women received the vote in Colorado in 1893. All of Helen's bills on this issue failed. Consequently women could not serve on juries in the state until 1944.
She died in 1923. Her body lay in state in the Capitol rotunda before her service. She was buried at Fairmount Cemetery in Denver.

</doc>
<doc id="20631217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631217" title="Grade I listed buildings in Rutland">
Grade I listed buildings in Rutland

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of the 28 of these buildings in the county of Rutland.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20631236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631236" title="Crystal Beach Hill">
Crystal Beach Hill

Crystal Beach Hill is a geologically old natural sand dune, fifty feet high and originally about two thousand feet long, parallel to the shoreline of Crystal Beach on the south-eastern shore of Lake Erie, in the Village of Crystal Beach and the Town of Fort Erie, Ontario. The "Hill" and beach were originally a part of the property first developed in 1888 by John E. Rebstock as a health spa, religious Chautauqua and later an amusement park, all built where a portion of the pre-historic sand dune was washed away by Rebstock's hydraulic pumps. The site of the park now holds a private housing development.
The "Hill" was an area where early workers and park "carneys" were leased land by the Crystal Beach Company and allowed to build (usually) one-room shacks for their off-hours living quarters. Near the western foot of the Hill, on the "Flats", three ""Customs Cottages"" were built as residences for the number of international customs and immigration officers required to handle the thousands of daily boat visitors to Crystal Beach Park and the adjoining beach.
In 1982, with the amusement park in financial difficulties, the Crystal Beach Company sold the land comprising the hill jointly to its residents. The 40 "shacks" that were built on the dune, for and by park workers, are now fully equipped summer homes, fronting directly on the beach. The "Hill" offers the best view for miles of the beach and bay. With the former "Customs Cottages", these homes now comprise a gated community, the ""Crystal Beach Hill Cottagers Organization"", called the ""Crystal Beach Hill Association"", a family-oriented compound where many cottages still house second- and third-generation residents of the "Hill". 

</doc>
<doc id="20631243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631243" title="Vi, Sweden">
Vi, Sweden

Vi is a locality situated on Alnön in Sundsvall Municipality, Västernorrland County, Sweden with 4,997 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20631249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631249" title="Red Cross of Cape Verde">
Red Cross of Cape Verde

Red Cross of Cape Verde also known as RCCV was founded in 1984.It has its headquarters in Praia, Cape Verde.

</doc>
<doc id="20631259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631259" title="MSSA Chemical company">
MSSA Chemical company

MSSA is a French producer of sodium. It also sells by-products as chlorine and bleach. It has a small chemical workshop producing sodium oxides, vanadium chloride and oxytrichloride. It markets its products under its brand Métaux Spéciaux.
The only production plant of the group is located in the Tarentaise (Savoie). It has no more competitors in Europe and it is the world's largest producer of sodium (by value in 2006). About 250 peoples are employed by the company.
MSSA have a technical advance, which allows it to produce pure sodium with different grades. 2 grades of interest are sodium with less than 200ppm of calcium (to prevent calcium deposit) and sodium with less than 10ppm of calcium (for special application).

</doc>
<doc id="20631263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631263" title="Dan Beery">
Dan Beery

Dan Beery (born 4 January 1975) is an American competition rower, Olympic champion, world champion and world cup gold medalist. 
Beery won a gold medal in "Men's Eights" at the 2004 Summer Olympics, as a member of the American team. The time 5:19.85 was a new world record. Beery is a member of the New York Athletic Club's Hall of Fame. He retired from rowing in 2008. Prior to his start in rowing at the University of Tennessee Chattanooga, Beery played collegiate basketball. 
After proposing via text message, he married British-born American Olympic rower Jennifer Goldsack on January 17, 2009. 
He now works as a sports insurance broker in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20631272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631272" title="Smålandsstenar">
Smålandsstenar

Smålandsstenar is a locality situated in Gislaved Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 4,530 inhabitants in 2010.
In sports Smålandsstenar Tennisclub have a central position as the most successful athletic-club developing tennis players such as ATP-ranked; Hans Simonsson, Stefan Simonsson, Håkan Johansson, Peter Svensson, Claes Persson and WTA-ranked Linda Åqvist. 

</doc>
<doc id="20631276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631276" title="Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Andalusia">
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Andalusia

The Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Community of Andalusia, are organized by Federación Andaluza de Fútbol :
Primera División.
The Primera Andaluza is the 5th level of competition in the Spanish League Football in the Community of Andalusia.
The League.
The league consists of 4 groups, each consisting of 18 teams. At the end of the season, the champions are promoted and the runners-up playoff for possible promotion. If there any vacancies further in Tercera División, a playoff must play between teams qualified 3rd to fill possible vacancies. Bottom three teams are relegated to Regional Preferente.
Promotion playoff.
Playoff to decide how many teams will have the top priority to promote to Tercera División. The playoff winner will be promoted in the case of there are further vacancies in Tercera División. Teams qualified 2nd in each group play the playoff. An additional playoff is played by teams qualified 3rd in case there are further vacancies in Tercera División.
Runners-up.
2nd leg.
<br>
3rd place.
Winners of this playoff will be promoted only if there vacancy seats in Tercera División.
Regional Preferente.
Regional Preferente is the 6th level of competition of the Spanish Football League in Andalusia.
The League.
The Regional Preferente is played with 140 teams in eight groups of 16-19. At the end of the season, the champions and runners-up are promoted and the 3rd placed teams playoff to fill any vacancies. Four clubs are relegated to Primera Categoría Provincial except those groups with 17 or 19 teams relegating five clubs.
Primera Provincial.
Primera Provincial is the 7th level of competition of the Spanish Football League in Andalusia.
The League.
The Primera Provincial is played with 222 teams in 15 groups of 10-18. At the end of the season, four clubs being promoted to each province's Regional Preferente. Four clubs each from Cádiz and Granada and eight clubs from Seville are relegated to Segunda Categoría Provincial.
Segunda Provincial.
Segunda Provincial is the 8th level of competition of the Spanish Football League in Andalusia.
The League.
The Segunda Provincial is played with 107 teams in 7 groups of 12-16 teams. At the end of the season, in Cádiz and Granada, the top four teams are promoted while the five champions and the best runner-up are promoted in Sevilla plus two playoff winners between the other four runners-up.
Tercera Provincial.
Tercera Provincial is the 9th level of competition of the Spanish Football League in Andalusia, only has a group of the Granada Province.

</doc>
<doc id="20631289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631289" title="Burundi Red Cross">
Burundi Red Cross

Burundi Red Cross also known as BRC was founded in 1963.It has its headquarters in Bujumbura, Burundi.

</doc>
<doc id="20631294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631294" title="Åby, Norrköping">
Åby, Norrköping

Åby is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 4,980 inhabitants in 2010.
The locality's name means "village on a river" (Old Norse "á", river, and "býr", village) and is identical in meaning with Aby in Lincolnshire, England.
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Åby:

</doc>
<doc id="20631306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631306" title="Mark of Cain (novel)">
Mark of Cain (novel)

The Mark of Cain is a bestselling novel by Israeli author Ram Oren. it is based on Neo-Nazi activities in Argentina and the identity of a Mossad chief, Michael Bornstein. 
Plot Summary
The story opens with the liberation of a German concentration camp and the escape of Jewish refugees. one of them, a man named Jacob Bornstein, stumbles across a burning German convoy and finds a crying baby in the car of the commander, Berman. he rescues it and claims him as his own son, looking at it as a compensation from Heaven for his own lost son. However, without food he and the baby fall deathly ill and are taken to a hospital, were they are nursed back to health. But the hospital director suspects that the baby, whom the Jew has named Michael, is not his real son, and Jacob escapes with the infant. he is housed by a kindly German woman whose husband was in the SS and she takes care of him and the baby lovingly until she discovers he is Jewish. Jacob runs away, and is soon placed in a refugee camp. shortly after he is smuggled into Israel, but the ship is intercepted and when they are discovered by the British, the passengers revolt and the ship is burned. Jacob and the infant barely escape. 
Years later, when Michael is seventeen, Jacob dies leaving his adopted son devastated, and carrying his secret to the grave. Michael eventually becomes head of the Israeli intelligence, the Mossad, and sends a spy called Dan Elad to intercept Neo-Nazi activities in Argentina. he is housed at the ranch of the former camp commander Herman Mueller and his daughter Ilsa. soon after their friend Kurt Kirshchner suspects him as a spy, but Ilsa refuses to listen. On a trip to Germany, Herman Mueller tells his daughter that she was the daughter of the commander of a concentration camp, Berman. she visits their graves but finds that her brother's grave, who should have been a baby then, is missing. she hires a detective to locate him and shortly after Mueller, close to arrest, commits suicide. 
Dan Elad finally manages to organize a plan with the Mossad chief to kidnap Ilsa on her return from Germany, and when she is brought to Jerusalem he at first pretends that he has been kidnapped along with her. Finally Michael discovers that the detective hired by Ilsa is close to discovering his identity, and, shocked, has DNA tests prove if there is any truth in it. they reveal that he is Ilsa's brother. 
With his friend Amnon, who is running for Prime Minister of Israel, Michael decides that it is better to acknowledge his identity before the detective. He confesses it publicly on the News, and many protest to his remaining the Mossad chief. He visits Ilsa in prison and tells her who he is, and despite his determination to remain a Jew, she admits she cannot hate him. 
Finally the trial is held in Jerusalem and after Dan Elad's testimony of her activities, Ilsa is sentenced to twenty years in prison. After Michael brings his family to see their aunt, protests to his being chief of Mossad become even higher. his son is kidnapped as a final warning, and returns with scars and minor injuries. In jail Ilsa hangs herself, thinking that it is she who causes the "Mark of Cain" on Michael, hence the title. But it doesn't help. 
The present Prime Minister, ill and weakening in his position, decides that it is best to fire Michael. It is hard for Michael to cope with the truth, and when his friend Amnon is named Prime Minister, he reinstates Michael as head of the Mossad, giving a touching speech and calling forth a standing ovation.

</doc>
<doc id="20631315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631315" title="Hönö">
Hönö

Hönö is a locality situated in Öckerö Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 5,110 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20631322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631322" title="Red Cross of Benin">
Red Cross of Benin

Red Crescent Society of Benin also known as RCB was founded in 1963. It has its headquarters in Porto Novo, Benin.

</doc>
<doc id="20631339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631339" title="Paul Boujenah">
Paul Boujenah

Paul Boujenah, born 20 May 1958 in Tunis, Tunisia, is a film director.
He is the brother of Michel Boujenah and the uncle of Matthieu Boujenah.

</doc>
<doc id="20631340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631340" title="Malmslätt">
Malmslätt

Malmslätt is a locality situated in Linköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 5,214 inhabitants in 2010.
Malmen Airbase and the Swedish Air Force Museum is located in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="20631341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631341" title="The Blending (novel series)">
The Blending (novel series)

The Blending is a fantasy series by Sharon Green. There are five novels in The Blending series, and an additional three novels in The Blending Enthroned. The covers for all the books were illustrated by renowned artist Thomas Canty.
Overview.
Every twenty-five years, those with magical talents, called adepts, compete for a position within The Blending, a group of five adepts who rule the land. Tamrissa (the Fire adept), Lorand (the Earth adept), Jovvi (Spirit), Clarion (the Air), and Vallant (the Water) combine into The Blending, but another group of adepts attempt to usurp the position for themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20631349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631349" title="Boujenah">
Boujenah

Boujenah may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20631352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631352" title="Lindsdal">
Lindsdal

Lindsdal is a locality situated in Kalmar Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 5,510 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20631366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631366" title="English Language Skills Assessment">
English Language Skills Assessment

The "English Language Skills Assessment" (ELSA) is a group of tests designed to measure English language proficiency of subjects. The test is designed for non-native speakers, with different levels of testing available from beginners to advanced. The tests can be utilized to track progress among those studying English or to measure proficiency for employment or education where English language skills are required. The tests are intended for an international audience and are available in British English or American English. The tests are utilized by such educational organizations as the Australian Council for Educational Research to help predict student success and are compulsory at The University of the South Pacific. It is used by international businesses such as BASF, Unilever and DaimlerChrysler. Its usage is mandatory in Germany and Poland as part of the re-training programs for unemployed.
FELSA.
A variant of elsa, the Foundational English Language Skills Assessment (FELSA), has been developed for all age groups with a special focus on speakers who correspond to level A1 or A2 of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages, who may have slight conversational English language familiarity but would not ordinarily be able to succeed in school, business or travel in English.

</doc>
<doc id="20631375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631375" title="Cotesbach">
Cotesbach

Cotesbach is a village and civil parish in the Harborough district of Leicestershire, England. The nearest town is Lutterworth, about to the north. The parish had a population of 212 according to the 2001 census. It had a population of 204 according to the 2011 census. The parish is located near the M1, M6 and A5, with the main settlement just off the A426 Rugby Road. The parish contains many good-sized houses, at least three farms and a church. The area is predominantly farmland but contains some woodland.
This description of Cotesbach was given in the late nineteenth century:
The parish has seen a considerable increase in the number of households over time:
History.
The earliest notable event in Cotesbach was in early 1607 when the Enclosures Riot occurred. The area had been considerably successful until 1591 when the owner of the land, Robert Devereux decided to sell large amounts of land to raise funds. Large amounts of land came into ownership of John Quarles, who also ended up requiring more finance, so he increased the rent for tenant farmers, buying other small sections of land and began to enclose the land for farm animals, especially sheep.This upset many local people, who took a petition to King James. King James started an enquiry into the events, however the enquiry resulted in Quarles being given permission to enclose land in 1603. Many villagers had to leave the village, but by 1607 Quarles was bankrupt, so he sold the land to Sir Henry Billingsley. Sir Henry Billingsley died, which meant that his son now owned the land. 
Local Heritage.
Cotesbach is a civil parish with an interesting history, therefore it boasts some buildings and sites which are of historical importance:
The Hall was constructed in 1703. The hall is believed to be built on land which used to contain a farmhouse. The building boasts many extensions, including extensions from the Georgian and Victorian periods. The current design of the garden was designed in the 19th century. with some additions in the twentieth century. The building was initially built for Reverend Edward Wells. Since 1793 when Robert Marriot took control of the estate, eight generations of one family have resided here. 
The Walled Garden was originally created by Reverend John Fanshawe. The Victorian era saw the walls raised much higher. In the 1950s it was used as a market garden. In 2014 it is being used to grow organic produce.
The Stable Yard is believed to have existed since the medieval times. It contains some buildings which range from the 19th century and more recently. Since the A426 was built the yard has deteriorated, however in the 2000s it witnessed regeneration. 
The Manor is the oldest building in Cotesbach used as a residence. The manor was re-built in 1630 on the site of a previous Tudor building. The building has had many changes over the years, so the building is made up of many parts from many areas. The building was divided in the early twentieth century into two parts. The exterior doors were not built for the manor, they were transferred from older buildings. 
The Schoolhouse was constructed by Robert Marriot in the late 18th century. The purpose of the building was to provide a good education to the village children. The building has witnessed many extensions over the years. Around the 1870s the schoolhouse was no longer required because another school opened in nearby Lutterworth. The building was then used as a local meeting place for residents of the village, after WW2 it was then used to store tractors and a hen house. The Cotesbach Heritage Trust have gained a lengthy lease on the building. It is hoped that funds will soon be generated to restore it to its intended use. 

</doc>
<doc id="20631380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631380" title="Ljungsbro">
Ljungsbro

Ljungsbro is a locality situated in Linköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 6,620 inhabitants in 2010. It is located circa 15 kilometers from the city of Linköping.
Through Ljungsbro runs Motala ström (stream) and Göta Canal. In the stream are the power stations of Nykvarn and Malfors. Malfors has a height of drop of 28,3 meter and Nykvarn has one of 4,3, however, Nykvarn is no longer running. The canal can be crossed via a navigable aqueduct, Sweden's second after Håverud, but also via a bridge, Malforsbron ("Malfors Bridge"). Since 2005, a summer café called Malfors Café och Brygga ("Malfors Café and Bridge") is located by the bridge.
Ljungsbro Fritidscenter (leisure center) is located circa 400 meters from the bridge. Here you can stay the night, train at gym or go swimming. There is also an indoors ice hockey rink.
The confectioners Cloetta is the largest industry in the area. On weekdays and Saturdays there is a popular market selling "Kex"-chocolate biscuit wafers and other chocolate products, which attracts lots of tourists.
In the centre lies the main health centre and shops, among other things there are opticians, libraries, a watchmaker, a company that sells and lays tiles and a tobacco shop. Many of the houses were built in the 1950s for the workers of the Cloetta factory.
There are two churches in the town, Allhelgonakyrkan and Filadelfiakyrkan.
By its residents, Ljungsbro is sometimes called "Pickhult".

</doc>
<doc id="20631386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631386" title="Master Instructor">
Master Instructor

A Master Instructor in scuba diving is one of the highest levels of professional training in those North American–based diver training organizations that use such a title. It is usually only one step below Course Director for the Instructor Development Course (IDC). 
The requirements for the Master Instructor rating vary according to organization. 
PADI.
The requirements for an individual to become a PADI Master Instructor are:
SSI.
The requirements for an individual to become a SSI Master Instructor are:
Other.
No other North American organizations have such a rating, nor do European diver training organizations. The nearest equivalent within the BSAC system would be a BSAC Advanced Instructor.

</doc>
<doc id="20631387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631387" title="Botswana Red Cross Society">
Botswana Red Cross Society

Botswana Red Cross Society also known as LRC was founded in 1968.It has its headquarters in Gaborone, Botswana

</doc>
<doc id="20631407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631407" title="Kållered">
Kållered

Kållered is a locality and a township situated in Mölndal Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 7,456 inhabitants in 2010. Kållered is in geographical terms mainly a dell, surrounded by ridges and mountainous terrain, with partially dense forestry particularly towards the south. The locality is a built up area, despite the number of inhabitants. Kållered is home to a hive of small industries; some of the companies that can be found are: soil- and quarrying industries, construction companies, and infotech companies.
Communications Kållered is located 10 km south of Gothenburg. Kållered is also accessible by road or by public transport via the E6/E20 motorway and the western mainline railway link Västkustbanan. 
The commuter train stops in Kållered on its route between Gothenburg and Kungsbacka. This is run by Västtrafik. Apart from the commuter trains, Västtrafik offers several bus routes to and from Gothenburg and points south Lindome.
Shopping Kållered is home to two shopping malls, the most recent of which is named K-galleria, with several stores and some eateries. Other, larger stores are located outside the mall itself, such as Coop Forum, Elgiganten, and an IKEA superstore The larger of the two malls is Eken-Center, with two floors of retail space and is home to a McDonalds as well.
Kållered Centre Inhabitants in Kållered enjoy excellent access to services, for example a number of restaurants, a sub-post office, library, café’s, food store, and a district health care centere. A florist, hairdressers, and a youth club are also to be found in the centre.
Education There are four schools in Kållered, Brattåsskolan, Östergård, Hallenskolan and Streteredsskolan.
Leisure activities There are many different woodland paths and lakes in Kållered, as well as recently upgraded dedicated pedestrian and cycle paths. 
The lakes in which people bathe are: Färåstjärns and Tulebo Lake.
Angling is allowed by law in five different lakes in Kållered; Tulebosjön, Färåstjärn, Hårssjön, Nordtjärn, and Våmmedalsstjärn.
Six different playgrounds can also be found in Kållered, they are: Frälseängen, Märgelvägen, Nordgårdsvägen, Pilvägen, Skaftevägen, and Våmmedal.
Kållered has its own sports club; KSK: Kållered’s Sports Club (Kållered Sportklubb). The club has three different sections; football, ice hockey, and bandy.

</doc>
<doc id="20631423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631423" title="Chiquitos Province">
Chiquitos Province

Chiquitos Province is one of the fifteen provinces of the Bolivian Santa Cruz Department, situated in the center of the department. Its capital is San José de Chiquitos.
The province was created on January 23, 1826, during the presidency of marshal Antonio José de Sucre.
It forms the so-called "Gran Chiquitania" together with José Miguel de Velasco Province, Ñuflo de Chávez Province, Ángel Sandoval Province, and Germán Busch Province.
Location.
Chiquitos Province is located between 17° 00' and 18° 37' South and between 58° 54' and 62° 45' West. It extends over 500 km from West to East, and up to 220 km from North to South.
The province is situated in the Bolivian lowlands and borders Ñuflo de Chávez Province in the northwest, Andrés Ibáñez Province in the west, Cordillera Province in the south, Germán Busch Province in the southeast, Ángel Sandoval Province in the east, and José Miguel de Velasco Province in the north.
Division.
Chiquitos Province comprises three municipalities which are further subdivided into cantons.
Population.
The population of Chiquitos Province has increased by circa 15% over the recent five years, from 59,754 inhabitants (2001 census) to 68,445 inhabitants (2005 est.).

</doc>
<doc id="20631430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631430" title="Fisksätra">
Fisksätra

Fisksätra is a locality situated in Nacka Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 7,475 inhabitants in 2010. Built in the 1970s, much of it as council housing, it has inhabitants from 70 different nationalities.

</doc>
<doc id="20631437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631437" title="Red Cross Society of Niger">
Red Cross Society of Niger

Red Cross Society of Niger also known as RCN was founded in 1963. It has its headquarters in Niamey. It is a part of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20631442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631442" title="Livingston railway station">
Livingston railway station

Livingston railway station was a railway station which served the village of Livingston and the community of Livingston Station, both were later amalgamated into the new town of Livingston in West Lothian, Scotland. It was located on the Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway. The area close to the station now known as Deans and the old Livingston is now called Livingston Village.
History.
The original Livingston station was opened by the Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway on 12 November 1849. Between December 1875 and July 1925 its name was spelt "Livingstone". British Railways closed the station on 1 November 1948. This station was situated 32 chains west of the present station.
The station had a single siding on the down line which served its goods yard. 19 chains west of the station, a tramway serving a limeworks crossed under the main railway, and formed an interchange with a set of sidings to transfer the traffic to rail. Also at this location was the West Lothian oil works. 

</doc>
<doc id="20631448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631448" title="Brevik, Sweden">
Brevik, Sweden

Brevik is a locality situated in Lidingö Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 8,772 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20631473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631473" title="John B. Goodman (art director)">
John B. Goodman (art director)

John B. Goodman (15 August 1901 – 30 June 1991) was an American art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for three more in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 208 films between 1934 and 1968, including "It's a Gift" (1934) starring W.C. Fields.
Selected filmography.
Goodman won an Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for three more:

</doc>
<doc id="20631478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631478" title="Callow Hill, Shropshire">
Callow Hill, Shropshire

Callow Hill is a hill in the English county of Shropshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20631488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631488" title="Callow Hill">
Callow Hill

Callow Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20631527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631527" title="Slaughterbridge">
Slaughterbridge

Slaughterbridge, Treague and Camelford Station are three adjoining settlements in north Cornwall, United Kingdom. They straddle the boundary of Forrabury and Minster and Lanteglos by Camelford civil parishes just over a mile (2 km) north-west of the market town of Camelford
The settlements are on the B3314 road from the A39 to Delabole (now part of a busy route from the A30 near Launceston to north Cornwall).
Slaughterbridge.
At Slaughterbridge the B3314 road drops dramatically into the valley of the River Camel, describing a steeply graded 'S' bend and narrowing over the eponymous single-track bridge over the river. 
Slaughterbridge is a very old settlement and is said to take its name from two battles which reputedly took place nearby during the Early Middle Ages. As 'slaughter' is an Old English word for 'marsh' it provides no evidence that battles were fought here (see Gafulford for details).
Worthyvale Manor (mentioned in the Domesday Book although the current building is 17th century) lies north of the bridge and there are several other sites of archeological interest to the north and east of the river. 
Not far from Worthyvale beside the river at Slaughterbridge is a memorial stone which bears ogham and Latin inscriptions (Latini iacit fili Macari = Latinus son of Macarus lies here). The stone lies in the remains of an 18th-century garden created by Charlotte Boscawen, Dowager Lady Falmouth (the daughter of Hugh Boscawen - see Great Cornish families). It dates from the sixth century and is thought to commemorate an unknown Celtic chieftain. 
Legendary and folk associations link this stone with the place where King Arthur met Mordred for the decisive Battle of Camlann in 537. Often referred to as 'King Arthur's Stone', it was first recorded by Cornish antiquary Richard Carew in 1602 but had lain on the river bank for at least a thousand years prior to that.
An early narrative account of King Arthur's life is found in Historia Regum Britanniae ("History of the Kings of Britain") by Geoffrey of Monmouth completed around 1138. Geoffrey favours a river bridge as the site of Arthur's last battle: "Arthur was filled with great mental anguish by the fact that Mordred had escaped him so often. Without losing a moment, he followed him to that same locality, reaching the River Camlann, where Mordred was awaiting his arrival."
Alfred, Lord Tennyson described King Arthur's Stone after a visit to Slaughterbridge in June, 1848. Among Tennyson's best-known work is Idylls of the King, a work devoted to the legend of King Arthur.
It is thought by some that Camelford was the site of Arthur's fabled court of Camelot, both because of the similarity of name and the proximity of Slaughterbridge.
Treague.
The hamlet of Treague is on the north side of the B3314 road, at the top of the hill up from Slaughterbridge. There is a commercial Arthurian Centre [http://www.arthur-online.com/] at Treague with car parking, a gift shop and tea rooms. It features a display of Arthur memorabila.
To the east of Treague are the earthworks and enclosure of a small medieval settlement called Old Melorne. A medieval village is first recorded here in 1296 but by the 18th century, documents refer only to a farm at the site. The name is commemorated by present-day Melorne Farm, a few hundred yards west at Camelford Station crossroads.
Archeologist Nick Hanks [http://nickhanks.blogspot.com/2007/09/biography.html], currently working for English Heritage with the National Monument Record Centre, runs an archeological project called 'Slaughterbridge Training Excavation Project' (STEP) in the area around Slaughterbridge and Treague.
Camelford Station.
Camelford Station is half-a-mile east of Treague at the junction of the B3314 and the B3266 from Camelford to Boscastle at . The former station gives its name to the crossroads, a fact recognised on the roadsigns at the junction, and a hamlet. The settlement consists of a farm (Melorne) and its buildings, the former station building and a few other properties including a Methodist chapel. 
The former Camelford railway station was on the ex-LSWR North Cornwall line which ran from Halwill to Wadebridge and Padstow. Camelford Station was opened in 1893 and it closed in October 1966 when services on the line from Halwill to Wadebridge ended. 
Although named after nearby Camelford, the station was in Minster parish well over a mile from the town it served. It was located "at a road junction in wild country almost devoid of trees" which remains an apt description of the exposed location. Camelford railway station served not only Camelford, but also Tintagel and Boscastle (which did not have a closer rail link) with bus services operated by Southern National connecting the villages with the station.
The main station building was substantially built from local stone and provided accommodation for the stationmaster. It is now a private residence and home to the British Cycling Museum. This small museum is a private enterprise set up by an enthusiastic couple and consists of a comprehensive collection of over 400 vehicles, cycling memorabilia and an old cycle repair workshop.
The museum is now closed.
West of Camelford station are a few isolated dwellings and the village of Delabole.

</doc>
<doc id="20631536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631536" title="Charlotte Henry">
Charlotte Henry

Charlotte Henry (March 3, 1914 – April 11, 1980) was an American actress who is best remembered for her roles in "Alice in Wonderland" (1933) and "Babes in Toyland" (1934). She also starred in the Frank Buck serial "Jungle Menace" (1937).
Early years.
Charlotte Henry was born in Brooklyn on the third of March 1914. She began modelling at a very early age and was always fascinated by the theatre. Her family were astonished when, at only 14 years of age, she was cast in an important role in "Courage", a Broadway play and a hit of 1928.
Hollywood.
The following year, Charlotte's mother brought her to Hollywood. She repeated her part in the movie version of "Courage" (1930) and enrolled at Lawlors, the school for professional children. Some of her classmates were Frankie Darro, Anita Louise and Betty Grable. Junior Durkin, who had worked with her in "Courage", suggested Charlotte for a play he was appearing in at the Pasadena playhouse. By then, she had appeared in two more feature films: "Huckleberry Finn" in 1931 and "Lena Rivers" in 1932.
Around that time, Paramount was looking for a young girl to play in their new movie version of "Alice in Wonderland", and over 6,800 were auditioned. A Paramount talent scout saw Charlotte in the play and arranged a screen test on a Monday morning. One-week-to-the-day later, Charlotte Henry began filming the high budget classic. The studio's press department made much of her uncanny resemblance to the character as it appeared in the original Tenniel drawings.
An anxious movie-going public awaited the costly feature. A new young star was expected to emerge. The 1933 picture garnered unanimous praise for Charlotte. The huge cast was impressive, but their make-ups made it hard to tell who was who. It did poorly at the box office. The effect of "Alice" on Charlotte's life was more than the usual story of an actress ruined by a negative association. She was also typecast, but in a most peculiar way. In an interview, Charlotte disclosed that from the very first week of shooting, she became aware that others around her had simply lost sight of her as a person. "I no longer existed as Charlotte Henry", she said. "With that costume, I was transformed in their minds to the creature they had read about as children. My identity was gone."
Paramount loaned her to MGM for "Babes in Toyland" with Laurel and Hardy. Despite the success of that particular film and perhaps Charlotte's most remembered role, they released her. However, she continued to make movies, although the lower budgets of some of the productions sometimes let her down. She made around 30 films, some as the star but more often in supporting roles, mostly between 1930 and 1937 followed by more modelling, and then five more in 1941 and 1942. Discouraged by the low quality of the work she was being offered, in her own words: "I simply lost interest."
Jungle Menace.
Jungle Menace (aka Jungle Terror) (1937) ... Charlotte Henry as Dorothy Elliott
In his autobiography, director Harry L. Fraser described filming the scene in "Jungle Menace" during which a boa constrictor attacks the heroine Dorothy (Charlotte Henry). The villain has tied Dorothy hand and foot and she thrashes about wildly, terrified when she suddenly sees the huge snake:
Later life and death.
Charlotte retired from the movies and moved away from Hollywood to San Diego where she ran an employment agency with her mother, then became executive secretary for 15 years to the Roman Catholic Bishop of San Diego, Charles F. Buddy. She was happily married to Dr. James J. Dempsey and continued with her acting, appearing in several stage productions at the San Diego Old Globe Theatre. Although her film career was arguably affected by the box office failure of "Alice", she didn't hold a grudge and her car licence plate, in true looking-glass style, read "ECILA".
Charlotte Virginia Dempsey died of cancer in April 1980. The "San Diego Union" newspaper carried the obituary and noted that she was buried in the Holy Cross Cemetery and was survived by her husband, Dr. James J. Dempsey and her brother, the Reverend Robert E. Henry of St Paul's Episcopal Church in Ventura.

</doc>
<doc id="20631538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631538" title="Monastery of St. John in the Wilderness">
Monastery of St. John in the Wilderness

Monastery of St. John in the Wilderness is a Franciscan monastery built next to a spring on a wooded slope just north of Even Sapir and south of Jerusalem, Israel.
In the Mamluk period the church was in hands of Georgians.
Franciscans paid the Georgians rent for the building and adjacent garden.
Georgians made a final attempt to regain the monastery by legal means in 1596.
The monastery celebrates the childhood wanderings of John the Baptist in this region. Born close by in Ein Karem according to tradition, Luke tells us that John "grew and became strong in spirit; and he lived in the desert until he appeared publicly to Israel".

</doc>
<doc id="20631540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631540" title="Nederland High School">
Nederland High School

Nederland High School is a public high school located in the city of Nederland, Texas. It is part of the Nederland Independent School District which covers a portion of eastern Jefferson County, including all of Nederland and portions of Port Neches, Port Arthur, and Beaumont and classified as a 4A school by the UIL. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Nederland Bulldogs compete in the following sports:
Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Swimming/Diving, Soccer, Golf, Tennis, Track, Softball & Baseball
Rivalry with Port Neches-Groves.
There is an intense rivalry between the Nederland Bulldogs and the Port Neches-Groves Indians, particularly concerning football. The annual football game between the two schools is more commonly known as "Mid-County Madness." By winning 15 consecutive games—1969 through 1983—the Port Neches-Groves Indians have established a firm lead in winning percentage (57% to Nederland's 43%) in the Mid-County series. Counting a couple of ties before that 15-game win streak, the Indians actually went 19 straight years without being defeated by the Bulldogs. While Nederland has struggled to produce a streak anywhere close in longevity to the stretch of Port Neches-Groves during the 1970s & 80s, the Bulldogs have had the upper hand in the past two decades, having won 15 of the past 21 years, though never more than four in a row. Nederland's longest win streaks have extended four straight years twice, one including the Bulldogs' memorable 1957 state AAA championship year under head coach Emmett McKenzie and the second from 2010 to 2013. As of the game during the 2013 regular season, PN-G has won 48 rounds of "Mid-County Madness," as compared to Nederland's 35 victories with 7 ties.

</doc>
<doc id="20631557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631557" title="Tomasz Kucharski">
Tomasz Kucharski

Tomasz Kucharski (born 16 February 1974 in Gorzów Wielkopolski) is a Polish competition rower and Olympic champion.
Together with Robert Sycz Kucharski won two gold medals in "lightweit double sculls", at the 2000 Summer Olympics and at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
For his sport achievements, he received the Order of Polonia Restituta: <br>

</doc>
<doc id="20631560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631560" title="The Immortelle Centre">
The Immortelle Centre

The Immortelle Children's Centre is a special school for kids dealing with various disabilities located in Port of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20631575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631575" title="Nick Kahl (baseball)">
Nick Kahl (baseball)

Nicholas Alexander Kahl (April 10, 1879 – July 13, 1959) was a Major League Baseball second baseman. He played in 40 games for the Cleveland Naps in . His minor league baseball career spanned fourteen seasons, from until .

</doc>
<doc id="20631586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631586" title="Ghana Red Cross Society">
Ghana Red Cross Society

Ghana Red Cross Society also known as GRCS was founded in 1958.It has its headquarters in Accra, Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="20631598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631598" title="Faucon">
Faucon

Faucon () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20631632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631632" title="SPiN (band)">
SPiN (band)

SPiN is a four-piece American modern pop/rock band from the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area that released their first ep in 2007.
"Stellar musicianship, vocals and writing make this one not to be missed" says music and radio industry publication the "Friday Morning Quarterback". It continues to call SPiN "easily one of the surprises of the year." The Philadelphia-area Modern Pop/Rock 4-piece began 2008 with news that its first single, "Home," entered the charts as the second-most added song in the country for two weeks straight. It went on to peak at number 7 on FMQB's Hot AC charts. Building on that momentum, SPiN toured around the U.S. providing support for multi-platinum acts such as Puddle of Mudd, Hinder, and Trapt as well as Rev Theory, Halestorm, SafetySuit, Red and more . Showing the band's crossover potential, it has also opened for acts like Fat Joe and Rob Base during tour stops covering more than 22 states. The band has played over 500 shows and as evidenced by Canada's music magazine "Chartattack", "the pop-rock quartet are starting to break through on a national level."
History.
SPiN's origins can be traced back to a Wyndmoor, Pennsylvania high school, where Vocalist Eric Rothenheber and Keyboardist Jim Vacca first began performing together. Guitarist Henry Cieplinski and Drummer Lou Chudnofsky were quickly added to the mix, and with the help of a local booking agent the tight-knit band of friends began playing regional shows 2-4 times a week. This heavy performance schedule, along with a demo cut in a friend's basement studio, helped secure national sponsorship by Herbal Liqueur brand Jägermeister, who has invited the band to be part of the highly successful Jäger Music Tour series. The building buzz caught the attention of Grammy-Winning producer David Ivory, who ended up producing SPiN's self-titled debut EP.
Press.
The EP has been met with favorable press in newspapers around the country, including the "Philadelphia Daily News" and "Inquirer". Feature articles were written on the band in" The Virginia Tribune", "Baltimore Times", "Florida Style" magazine, "Washington Informer" and more. This national press, along with word-of-mouth reports of stellar live shows, has garnered the band invites to be featured guests at the Baltimore Music Conference, Unicity Performing Arts Festival, Millennium Music Conference, NYC's Meanyfest, and many other music industry events.
Sound.
SPiN's sound has been described as alternative pop/rock infused with electronic elements and powerful vocal harmonies - reminiscent of bands like Muse, Queen, HIM, and The Cars It was also described in Wildy's World blog, "SPiN takes the melodic rock tendencies of 1970's heavyweights Styx or Queen while maintaining a modern edge that makes them highly appealing across several age demographics."
Cease and Desist.
"Spin" magazine has warned the band regarding the similarity of their name to the long-running music publication. On January 3, 2008 the band received a letter from the attorney for the publication's parent company Spin Media, LLC, claiming that the name "SPiN" constitutes trademark infringement "of the famous and valuable" Spin brand. The band has stated it will not give up the name due to this claim.
Music videos.
SPiN's music video for the song "Playing Dead" (featuring Kevin Momenee, who has appeared in episodes of the "Sopranos", "Mad Men", the "Robert De Niro"-directed film "The Good Shepherd", and more) is in national rotation on Fuse TV on-demand and on Canadian Aux TV.
Current.
SPiN's first full-length album, "BELiEVE", was released on September 28, 2010 on howsaboutNOW? Records and internationally on October 12, 2010 through distribution partner Believe Digital. The album has already been met with favorable press. The-Trades.com reported, "Alrighty... BELiEVE is full of great hooks, melodic rock, and burbling synthesizers." Dawn Fisher from AntiMusic.com said, "Believe and it is sure to please both program directors and fans alike. Read: radio friendly but not sell-out material. Complex melodies, poignant lyricism, and a powerful sound that sticks in your mind without being intrusive." And it was said on PureGrainAudio.com that the album is "a series of well-crafted, high-energy rock songs that are extremely enjoyable and a fun listen"

</doc>
<doc id="20631642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631642" title="Stéphane Hessel">
Stéphane Hessel

Stéphane Frédéric Hessel (20 October 1917 – 26 February 2013) was a diplomat, ambassador, writer, concentration camp survivor, French Resistance member and BCRA agent. Born German, he became a naturalised French citizen in 1939. He became an observer of the editing of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948. In 2011 he was named by "Foreign Policy" magazine in its list of top global thinkers. In later years his activism focused on economic inequalities, the Israeli/Palestinian conflict and protection for the post-WW2 social vision. His short book "Time for Outrage!" sold 4.5 million copies worldwide. Hessel and his book were linked and cited as an inspiration for the Spanish Indignados, the American Occupy Wall Street movement and other political movements.
Early years.
Hessel was born in Berlin, the son of Helen (born Grund), a journalist, and writer Franz Hessel, who inspired the characters of Jules and Kathe in Henri-Pierre Roché's novel "Jules and Jim" (Kathe was called Catherine in the subsequent film adaptation by François Truffaut). His paternal grandparents were Jewish immigrants who joined the Lutheran church, and his mother was from a Christian family. Hessel emigrated to Paris with his parents in 1924. Having received his baccalauréat when 15 years old, he was eventually admitted in 1939 to the École Normale Supérieure. He became a naturalized French citizen in 1939, before being mobilized later that year into the French army in Saint-Maixent-l'École. His first wife, Vitia, was the daughter of Boris Mirkin-Getzevich.
Second World War Resistance member.
Refusing to adhere to the Vichy government of Marshal Philippe Pétain, Hessel fled to London and joined General Charles de Gaulle's group of Resistance members in 1941, becoming a member of the Free French intelligence service (Bureau central de renseignement et d'action). He returned to France, to organize Resistance communication networks in advance of the 1944 Allied invasion of France. He was captured by the Gestapo and later deported to the Buchenwald and Dora concentration camps, where he was tortured by waterboarding. Hessel, F. F. E. Yeo-Thomas and Harry Peulevé as well as Eugen Kogon and Alfred Balachowsky, escaped execution at Buchenwald through the help of KZ Kapo Arthur Dietzsch who exchanged their identities with three prisoners who had died of typhus. Hessel tried unsuccessfully to escape from Dora, but was able to avoid being hanged in reprisal. He later escaped during a transfer to Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, and went to Hannover, where he met the advancing troops of the United States Army.
Human Rights advocate, diplomat.
After the war, Hessel became assistant to Henri Laugier, vice-secretary general of the United Nations in charge of economic and social affairs, and was an observer to the editing of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. In 1962, he created the Association for Training in Africa and Madagascar (AFTAM) and became its first president. In August 1982, Hessel was appointed for three years to the Haute Autorité de la communication audiovisuelle, the French regulatory agency for audio-visual communication. Hessel continued to hold a diplomatic passport, having been named an "ambassador for life".
He was a member of the French division of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World and was a founding member of the Collegium International and served as vice president. He was a member of the Commission nationale consultative des droits de l'homme and the Haut Conseil de la coopération internationale.
In 2003, along with other former Resistance members, he signed the petition "For a Treaty of a Social Europe" and in August 2006, he was a signatory to an appeal against the Israeli air-strikes in Lebanon. The appeal, made by the French member organization of European Jews for a Just Peace, was published in "Libération" and other French newspapers.
In 2004, he was awarded the North-South Prize by the Council of Europe. That same year, he participated in the commemoration of the 60th anniversary of the National Council of Resistance of 15 March 1944, which urged the younger generations to live by and pass on the legacy of the Resistance and its ideals of economic, social and cultural democracy.
On 14 July 2006, Hessel was made Grand Officier de la Légion d'honneur, having already been given the Grand Cross of the Order of Merit in 1999.
Hessel called for the French government to make funds available to provide housing for the homeless and denounced the French government's failure to comply with Article 25 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights at the Place de la Republique on 21 February 2008.
On the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 10 December 2008, Hessel received the UNESCO/Bilbao Prize for the Promotion of a Culture of Human Rights. Hessel also received the United Nations Association of Spain Peace Prize Award 2008.
On 5 January 2009, Hessel criticized the Israeli military attacks in the Gaza strip, saying "In fact, the word that applies—that should be applied—is 'war crime' and even 'crime against humanity'. But this word must be used carefully, especially when one is in Geneva, the seat of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, who may have an important opinion on that issue. For my part, having visited Gaza, having seen the refugee camps with thousands of children, the manner in which they are bombed appears as a veritable crime against humanity."
In 2011, Hessel was named by "Foreign Policy" magazine to its list of top global thinkers "bringing the spirit of the French Resistance to a global society that has lost its heart."
Author.
"Time for Outrage!".
In October 2010, Hessel's essay, "Time for Outrage!" (original French title: "Indignez-vous !"), was published in an edition of 6,000 copies (ISBN 978-1455509720 ). It has sold more than 3.5 million copies worldwide and has been translated into Swedish, Danish, Basque, Catalan, Italian, German. Greek, Portuguese, Slovenian, Spanish, Croatian, Hebrew, Korean and Dutch. Translations into Japanese, Hungarian, and other languages are planned. In the United States, "The Nation" magazine's 7–14 March 2011 issue published the entire essay in English.
Hessel's booklet argues that the French need to again become outraged, as were those who participated in the Resistance during World War II. Hessel's reasons for personal outrage include the growing gap between the very rich and the very poor, France's treatment of its illegal immigrants, the need to re-establish a free press, the need to protect the environment, importance of protecting the French welfare system, and the plight of Palestinians, recommending that people read the September 2009 Goldstone Report. He calls for peaceful and non-violent insurrection.
In 2011, one of the names given to the Spanish protests against corruption and bipartisan politics was "Los Indignados" ("The Outraged"), taken from the title of the book's translation there ("¡Indignaos!"). These protests, in conjunction with the Arab Spring, later helped to inspire other protests in many countries, including Greece, UK, Chile, Israel, and Occupy Wall Street which began in New York's financial district, but has now spread across the United States and numerous other countries. Ongoing protests in Mexico challenging corruption, drug cartel violence, economic hardship and policies also have been called the Indignados. Similarly, 2013 protests in Brazil have taken place questioning the government's corruption and its capability of managing public transport, health and education.
"Engagez-Vous !".
After "Time for Outrage", Stéphane Hessel published "Engagez-Vous !" ("Get Involved!"), written with the young French journalist Gilles Vanderpooten. In it "Stephane Hessel appeals to his readers to save the environment and to embrace the positive. He also emphasizes the importance of good luck in life". The book was a success in France and became a bestseller. It was translated into 15 foreign languages, from Europe to Asia and South America.
Views of Israel.
In 2011, Hessel penned an article in the German newspaper "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung", in which he compared the Nazi occupation of France during WWII with the occupation of Palestinian Territories by Israeli army in such terms : "the German occupation was, when compared for example with the present occupation of Palestine by the Israelis, a relatively harmless occupation, apart from exceptions like the arrests, detentions and executions, also of the theft of art treasures." Responding to the controversy raised by these remarks, he clarified that he was drawing "no parallel between the horrors of Nazism and the illegal attitude of a state" (Israel); that he naturally supported the existence of Israel but that he wished to be able to criticise the actions of the Israeli authorities without automatically being accused of "antisemitism". He regretted that his words in the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" had been perhaps "written too quickly, and read too quickly".
Describing himself as a supporter of Israel but as a critic of its successive administrations, he told the "Ha'aretz" newspaper: "Israel must be led differently to ensure its security". Having seen "firsthand the Jews’ suffering" as a Holocaust survivor, he clarified that he wished to see Israelis' safety guaranteed by a responsible government. As a supporter of a two state solution, he also told the newspaper: "long as Palestinian violence exists, but not a Palestinian state, Israel is in danger, because it cannot obtain assistance from the international community against an entity that is not subordinate to international law".
Death.
On 26 February 2013, Hessel died overnight at age 95. The following afternoon his name was a top trending term on Twitter in France and Spain. French president Francois Hollande said Hessel's death caused him "great sadness" and remarked "Hessell's capacity for indignation knew no bounds other than those of his own life. As that comes to an end, he leaves us a lesson: to refuse to accept any injustice." UN Human Rights Council chairman Remigiusz Henczel remarked "Mr Hessel was a monumental figure of human rights. His life will continue to inspire our work." French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault paid tribute to him in the following terms: "In France, in Europe, in the world, Stephane Hessel was the spirit of resistance incarnate. For every generation, for young people, he was a source of inspiration but also a reference. At 95, he embodied faith in the future of this new century." The United Nations Human Rights Council observed a moment of silence in Hessel's memory, which was said to be "unprecedented".
Previously, Hessel had offered his thoughts on death: "Death is something to savour, and I hope to savour mine." His final work, "Don’t Give Up: In the Trenches with the Spanish for Liberty and Progress", will be published posthumously. It was originally scheduled to be published in May, but the publisher moved the release date up to mid-March after Hessel's death.
Hessel was survived by his wife Christiane, and three children from a previous marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="20631644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631644" title="Irish martial arts">
Irish martial arts

There are a number of traditional martial arts styles native to Ireland.
The Irish language term for "martial arts" is .
Traditional styles include "Dornálíocht" (boxing), "Coraíocht" (wrestling), "Speachóireacht" (kicking), and "Batadóireacht" (stick fighting).
Boxing.
Dornálaíocht, pronounced "durn-awly-okt" is the Irish word for boxing, "dorn" meaning "fist".
The Irish are well known for their bare-knuckle boxing style. Dornálaíocht's stance is often reflected in Irish caricatures such as that of the Notre Dame Leprechaun. The lead hand stays at a greater distance from the body than done in modern boxing. The lead arm's shoulder stays tight against the jaw while the other arm is tucked tightly to the body, using its fist to guard the jaw. This is due to the bare-knuckle nature of the style. Without large boxing gloves, it is not recommended to tuck and cover up from an assault. Instead, the lead hand is used to block the incoming attack while side stepping and back stepping to create an angle or swaying the torso away from or towards the opponent. The more distantly placed lead hand is also used to more easily obtain a single collar clinch, so that another valued aspect of Dornálaíocht can then be employed: dirty boxing. In Irish martial arts, dirty boxing is very effective for striking but is also used to set up many grappling-based attacks from collar-and-elbow. In Irish-American schools, Dornálaíocht is sometimes referred to as "Irish Boxing", "Irish Scrapping", or "Scrapping".
Radio Telefís Éireann's "Prime Time", which discusses Irish related social and political problems, had an hour long documentary on the Irish Travellers and also their bare knuckle boxing heritage.
Wrestling.
Coraíocht, pronounced "curry-okt", is the Irish word for wrestling. Ireland has its own form of wrestling, notably collar and elbow wrestling. Coraíocht is also the name of a back hold style of wrestling practised in Ireland. Coraíocht can be practised with or without a jacket and features a wide array of trips, mares, takedowns, slams, pins, advancements, submissions, grapevines, and escapes. The most quoted "modern" way of describing the philosophy behind Coraíocht is "use balance and speed to obtain position so that strength can then be applied to the leverage created". In Irish-American–based systems, Coraíocht is sometimes referred to as "Irish Wrestling", "Celtic Wrestling", "Irish Scuffling", "Scuffling", and "Collar-and-Elbow".
Famous Irish wrestlers include Danno O'Mahony of Cork (former world champion), Steve Casey of Kerry (former world champion), and Con O'Kelly, who competed for Britain in the 1908 Summer Olympics. Famous Irish-American wrestlers include Henry Moses Dufur and John McMahon.
Kicking.
Speachóireacht, pronounced "Spacker-okt", is the term used for kicking techniques. Kicking techniques were practised in sports such as Gaelic football and Irish dancing, but specifically for martial arts as well. Shin kicking would have been the main type used in fighting bouts, both kicking the shin and kicking "with" the shin, like a shin kick seen used in Mixed Martial Arts today. Most techniques attack the opponent's shins, knees, and thigh areas.
Stick fighting.
Pronounced "Bata-rokt", it is the traditional art of the Irish shillelagh, which is still identified with popular Irish culture to this day, although the arts of Bataireacht are much less so. The sticks used for Bataireacht are not of a standardised size, as there are various styles of Bataireacht, using various kinds of sticks.
By the 18th century, Bataireacht became increasingly associated with Irish gangs called "factions". Irish faction fights involved large groups of Irish men (and sometimes women) who would engage in melees at county fairs, weddings, funerals, or any other convenient gathering. One social historian, Conley, believed that this reflected a culture of recreational violence. However, most historians (best summarised by James S. Donnelly, Jr. (1983) in "Irish Peasants: Violence & Political Unrest, 1780") agree that faction fighting had class and political overtones, as depicted for example in the works of William Carleton.
By the early 19th century, these gangs had organised into larger regional federations, which coalesced from the old Whiteboys into the Caravat and Shanavest factions. Beginning first in Munster, the Caravat and Shanavest "war" erupted sporadically throughout the 19th century and caused some serious disturbances. Over time, traditional rules and methods of Bataireacht and Shillelagh Law degenerated into more murderous fighting involving farm implements and guns.
As the push for Irish independence from Great Britain gained steam toward the end of the 18th century (see Irish Rebellion of 1798), leaders of the Irish community believed it was necessary to distance themselves from customs associated with factionism and division, to present a united military front to the British, hence the United Irishmen of the Republican movement. Foremost of these customs were the arts of Bataireacht, and the shillelagh was soon replaced with the gun of the new unified faction of the Fenian Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20631646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631646" title="Ax (manga)">
Ax (manga)


</doc>
<doc id="20631652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631652" title="St Mary Magdalene Academy">
St Mary Magdalene Academy

St Mary Magdalene Academy is an academy on Liverpool Road, London. The Academy includes both sexes and has a different form of teaching compared to regular schools. It is also has the unusual specialism of Humanities and Global Citizenship. However the primary school remains unchanged.
Education.
Each day a student has to have a 2 hour Homebase lesson (Year 7 & 8). This lesson consists of English, Religious Studies, Geography, History and Citizenship. They also have a Maths and Science lessons 4 hours a week. There are also 2 hour lessons of Art & Technology and P.E. In addition students have Drama and Music one hour each week.
There is also houses which divide the entire Secondary department into 4 groups: Africa, America, Asia and Europe. Furthermore each of these houses are split down again into family groups where a group of 15 students are allocated to a particular teacher.
Enrichment.
Enrichment is a compulsory after school club for Y7, 8 and 9 that occurs every Tuesday and Wednesday (optional). They last between 3:30 to 4:30.
Timetable.
Period 1 - 08:45-9:45
Period 2 - 09:45-10:45
Break/Assembly/Family Time - 10:45-11:25
Period 3 - 11:30-12:30
Period 4 (KS3)/Lunch (KS4) - 12:30-13:25/13:30
Lunch (KS3)/Period 4 (KS4) - 13:30-14:25/14:30
Period 5 - 14:30-15:30
Period 6/Enrichment - 15:30-16:30

</doc>
<doc id="20631682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631682" title="Hall of Heroes (Forgotten Realms)">
Hall of Heroes (Forgotten Realms)

Hall of Heroes is an accessory for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The 128-page book, with product code TSR 9252, was published in 1989, with cover art by Jeff Easley and interior art by Ned Dameron.
Contents.
The "Hall of Heroes" supplement describes in game terms the main characters from various Forgotten Realms scenarios, novels, and comic books, with a history and illustration for each character.
The 128-page book features a one-page introduction by Jim Lowder. The book is divided into three sections. The first section describes the major heroes of the Forgotten Realms novels, including game statistics, personal histories and background information on related characters, and role-playing hints. This section includes at least one page of description for each character, and an illustration. The characters described in this section include Adon, Alias, Bruenor Battlehammer, Cyric, Doin Sanehiro, Drizzt Do'Urden, Dragonbait, Elminster, Kelemvor, Prince Tristan Kendrick, Midnight, Robyn, Shandril Shessair, Narm Tamaraith, and Wulfgar. The second section features 48 minor characters of the setting, who had yet to play a central part in the stories at the time of publication, including game statistics, brief character histories, and role-playing tips. The third section details two adventuring brotherhoods of the setting, the Knights of Myth Drannor and the Company of Eight, including game statistics and information on each member.
Publication history.
FR7 "Hall of Heroes" was written by the TSR staff, with a cover by Jeff Easley, and was published by TSR in 1989 as a 128-page book.
The book was written by several authors, including Jeff Grubb, Kate Novak, David E. Martin, Jim Lowder, Bruce Nesmith, Steve Perrin, Mike Pondsmith, and R. A. Salvatore, each of which wrote descriptions for more than one character.
It is one of the few "FR" books which doesn't cover a geographical location. It went through three distinct printings, each of which had slight differences in the design of the cover, although the interior contents were unchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="20631693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631693" title="2008 New York Film Critics Circle Awards">
2008 New York Film Critics Circle Awards

74th NYFCC Awards<br>
December 10, 2008
Best Picture: <br>
Milk
The 74th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honoring the best in film for 2008, were announced on 10 December 2008.
Winners.
Best Actor.
1. Sean Penn – "Milk"<br>
2. Mickey Rourke – "The Wrestler"<br>
3. Clint Eastwood – "Gran Torino"
Best Actress.
1. Sally Hawkins – "Happy-Go-Lucky"<br>
2. Melissa Leo – "Frozen River"<br>
3. Anne Hathaway – "Rachel Getting Married"<br>
3. Kate Winslet – "Revolutionary Road"
Best Animated Film.
1. WALL·E<br>
2. "Waltz with Bashir (Vals Im Bashir)"
Best Cinematography.
1. Anthony Dod Mantle – "Slumdog Millionaire"<br>
2. Claudio Miranda – "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button"<br>
3. Wally Pfister – "The Dark Knight"
Best Director.
1. Mike Leigh – "Happy-Go-Lucky"<br>
2. Danny Boyle – "Slumdog Millionaire"<br>
3. David Fincher – "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button"
Best Film.
1. Milk<br>
2. "Rachel Getting Married"<br>
3. "Happy-Go-Lucky"<br>
3. "Slumdog Millionaire"
Best First Film.
1. Courtney Hunt – "Frozen River"<br>
2. Lance Hammer – "Ballast"<br>
3. Joachim Trier – "Reprise"
Best Foreign Language Film.
1. 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days (4 luni, 3 saptamani si 2 zile) • Romania<br>
2. "A Christmas Tale (Un conte de Noël)" • France<br>
3. "The Class (Entre les murs)" • France
Best Non-Fiction Film.
1. Man on Wire<br>
2. "Waltz with Bashir (Vals Im Bashir)"<br>
3. "Trouble the Water"
Best Screenplay.
1. Jenny Lumet – "Rachel Getting Married"<br>
2. Mike Leigh – "Happy-Go-Lucky"<br>
3. Robert D. Siegel – "The Wrestler"
Best Supporting Actor.
1. Josh Brolin – "Milk"<br>
2. Heath Ledger – "The Dark Knight"<br>
3. Robert Downey Jr. – "Tropic Thunder"
Best Supporting Actress.
1. Penélope Cruz – "Vicky Cristina Barcelona"<br>
2. Viola Davis – "Doubt"<br>
3. Rosemarie DeWitt – "Rachel Getting Married"<br>
3. Debra Winger – "Rachel Getting Married"

</doc>
<doc id="20631694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631694" title="Gambia Red Cross Society">
Gambia Red Cross Society

Gambia Red Cross Society also known as GRCS was founded in 1966.It has its headquarters in Banjul, The Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="20631698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631698" title="Pupilla sterrii">
Pupilla sterrii

Pupilla sterrii is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.
Distribution.
This species has a scattered distribution and occurs in a number of areas including Eurasia: the Alps and Carpathians to Turkey and NW China
In lower altitudes the species is threatened by continuous habitat destructions.
Description.
The shell is light horny coloured, weathering grey, finely ribbed. Whorls are strongly convex with deep suture. The aperture is with 2 teeth.
The height of the shell is 2.8-3.5 mm. The width of the shell is 1.6 mm.
Ecology.
"Pupilla sterrii" lives in grass in very dry and sunny areas of limestone rock, between stones, and on dry meadows on calcareous substrate. In north Italy it occurs up to 2800 m.
This species is Ovoviviparous.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20631700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631700" title="Cornelis Speelman">
Cornelis Speelman

Cornelis Speelman (2 March 1628 – 11 January 1684) was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1681 to 1684. 
Cornelis Janzoon Speelman was the son of a Rotterdam merchant. He was born on 2 March 1628. In his 16th year, he left aboard the "Hillegersberg" for the India. He was employed as an Assistant ("assistent") in the service of the Dutch East India Company (VOC). In 1645 he arrived in Batavia, Dutch East Indies. He became Bookkeeper ("boekhouder") in 1648 and Underbuyer ("onderkoopman") in 1649. He became Secretary ("secretaris") to the Dutch Council of the Indies ("Raad van Indië"). He travelled with the ambassador Joan Cunaeus to Persia that year, and wrote an account of the voyage. They 
were received by the Shah Abbas II with great festivity. Even before his voyage came to an end, in 1652,he was promoted 
to Buyer ("koopman"). On his return to Batavia, he took up a post in the office of the Bookkeeper-General ("boekhouder-generaal"), 'for whom he deputised for a long time, and whom he succeeded in 1657. Meanwhile, he had married the fifteen year-old Petronella Maria Wonderaer, daughter to the Receiver-General ("ontvanger-generaal"). In 1659 he was placed in charge of the Company's clerical and administrative staff ("kapitein over de compagnie pennisten") in Batavia. In 1661, he became "schepen van Batavia", ( a sort of alderman post connected with local government there). 
On 12 June 1663, Cornelis Speelman was appointed Governor and Director of Dutch Coromandel, but was suspended by the Seventeen Lords (Heren XVII), being accused of having illegally engaged in private trading. He had bought a diamond for his wife and later re-sold it because she had not liked it. Despite his strenuous protests, the court in Batavia wanted to make an example of him and he was sentenced to a 15 months suspension and a fine of 3,000 guilders. In 1666, he was named admiral and superintendent of an expedition to Makasar. On 18 November 1667, he concluded the so-called "Bongaais Treaty". (Treaty of Bonggaya[http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=uyqepNdgUWkC&pg=PA381&dq=Bongaya&ei=PBRASfvSKIWGyATr692-DA#PPA382,M1]) In the same year, he was named Commissioner ("commissaris") of Amboina, Banda and Ternate. Consequently, he became Counsellor-extraordinary ("raad extra-ordinaris") to the Dutch Council of the Indies. He travelled once again, in 1669, as admiral of another expedition to Makassar where he completely subjugated the kingdom, receiving a gold chain and medallion in recognition of this the following year. 
He became a full Counsellor of the Indies on 23 March 1671. The following year he was admiral of a fleet sent against the French. In December 1676, he led an expedition to Central Java, where the ruler of Mataram was in difficulties and he needed to support the alliance with that prince. On Java's East Coast, he went to war against the so-called "Toerana Djaja". It took some time before peace was re-established. He was called back to Batavia at the end of 1677 and on 18 January 1678 named First Counsellor and Director-General of the Indies ("Eerste Raad en Directeur-Generaal van Indië"). Also in that year he was appointed President of the "College van Schepenen" (to do with local government) in Batavia. On 29 October 1680 he was named Governor-General, a post he took up on 25 November 1681, succeeding Rijckloff van Goens. 
During the term of office of Cornelis Speelman as Governor-General, the Sultan of Ternate was conquered. He ceded all his lands of his kingdom to the Company. Speelman also subdued the city of Bantam. Cornelis Speelman died on 11 January 1684 in the Castle at Batavia. His funeral was accompanied with great noise and 
splendour, for which no pains or monies were spared. He was buried in the "Kruiskerk" to the noise of 229 cannon shots. He was followed as Governor-General by Johannes Camphuys.

</doc>
<doc id="20631705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631705" title="Pupilla triplicata">
Pupilla triplicata

Pupilla triplicata is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is central-European and southern-European and includes southern Europe from the Pyrenees to the Alps, the Carpathians, Crimea, northern Turkey, Transcaucasia and central Asia to Lake Baikal.
The species occurs in a number of countries including:
"Pupilla triplicata" has a scattered distribution, and populations in lower altitudes are threatened by habitat destruction.
Description.
The shell of "Pupilla triplicata" is much smaller than "Pupilla sterrii" and the other "Pupilla" species. The structure of the surface is finer. Whorls are convex. The cervical callus is present but not extremely strong. There are usually 3 teeth in the aperture.
The height of the shell is 2.2-2.8 (up to 4) mm. The width of the shell is 1.4 mm (shell diameter should not exceed much 1.4 mm).
Ecology.
"Pupilla triplicata" lives in grass near limestone rocks, in dry and sunny habitats, often in limestone rock rubble with xerophilous vegetation. It lives mainly between 300 and 1000 m, and in Switzerland up to 2600 m in altitude.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20631712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631712" title="Dorothea of Denmark, Electress Palatine">
Dorothea of Denmark, Electress Palatine

Dorothea of Denmark and Norway (November 10, 1520 – May 31, 1580) was a Danish, Norwegian and Swedish princess and an electress of the Palatinate as the wife of Elector Frederick II of the Palatinate. She was a claimant to the Danish, Norwegian and Swedish thrones.
Biography.
Princess Dorothea was born on 10 November 1520 to King Christian II of Denmark and Norway and Isabella of Burgundy, sister of Holy Roman Emperor Charles V. Dorothea had an elder brother, Johann "Hans", born 21 February 1518. Her elder twin brothers, Philip Ferdinand and Maximilian, born 4 July 1519, had both died before her birth, the latter in 1519 and the former in 1520. Her sister Christina was born two years later, in 1522, and was her only sibling to reach adulthood. Christina would marry twice, first to Francis II, Duke of Milan, and secondly to Francis I, Duke of Lorraine.
On 20 January 1523, disloyal nobles forced her father to abdicate and offered the throne to his uncle, Duke Frederick of Holstein. That month, her mother gave birth to a stillborn son. Three-year-old Dorothea and her sister and brother followed their exiled parents to Veere in Zeeland, the Netherlands, and were taken care of by the Dutch regents, their grandaunt and aunt, Margaret of Austria and Mary of Hungary. The Dutch court was an officially Catholic environment, but influenced with a sympathy for Protestantism, and Dorothea herself acquired Protestant sympathies early on. Her mother died when she was five years old, on 19 January 1526.
Her brother Hans died in 1532 at about fourteen years old. As the eldest surviving child of the abdicated Christian II, Dorothea had a claim to the Danish, Norwegian and Swedish throne. The Habsburg family selected Frederick of the Palatinate to be her consort as they believed that he could successfully claim the Danish throne through marriage. She married Frederick in 1535 in Heidelberg. They had no children.
In 1536, her hope to succeed to the Danish and Norwegian thrones in reality was over. Her spouse, however, continued to claim it from their court in Neumarkt. The Habsburg dynasty officially continued to supported their claim, but no longer took any action to press the matter. In 1544, her spouse became elector. The Habsburg family officially withdrew their support to their claim on the Danish and Norwegian throne the same year.
Dorothea and Frederick prevented the introduction of Protestantism that the Elector Palatine and Ottheinrich (Pfalz), his ward and successor, successfully pushed forward the Palatinate. Personally, Dorothea had Lutheran sympathies her entire life. 
After the death of her husband in 1556, Dorothea lived modestly in Palatine castle in Neumarkt. As she had no children, Dorothea was no longer considered politically useful. She died childless and was buried in the Holy Ghost Church in Heidelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20631724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631724" title="Staunton Harold">
Staunton Harold

Staunton Harold is a civil parish in North West Leicestershire about north of Ashby-de-la-Zouch. The parish is on the county boundary with Derbyshire and about south of Derby.
A brook flows from the south through the parish, heading for the River Trent which it joins about to the north. In the parish the brook is dammed to form a pair of small lakes. Nikolaus Pevsner (later Sir Nikolaus) described the view westwards across the lakes to Staunton Harold Hall and Holy Trinity parish church as ""unsurpassed in the country – certainly as far as Englishness is concerned"".
Downstream from Staunton Harold, just over over the boundary in Derbyshire, the brook is dammed again to form Staunton Harold Reservoir. Most of the reservoir is in the Derbyshire parish of Melbourne, but part of the upper reach of one arm of the reservoir is in Staunton Harold parish.
Estate and Hall.
The estate was the seat of the Shirley family. George Shirley (1559–1622) was created 1st Baronet in 1611. Sir Robert Shirley, 5th Baronet (1650–1717) was created 13th Baron Ferrers of Chartley in 1677 and 1st Earl Ferrers in 1711.
Staunton Harold Hall is a country house that was originally Jacobean, but the 13th Baron had it enlarged in about 1700. Washington Shirley, 5th Earl Ferrers had the present Palladian east front added in 1763. It is of two storeys and eleven bays, eight of which are red brick. The three central bays are ashlar and pedimented, with engaged columns of two orders: Tuscan on the ground floor and Ionic on the first floor.
Parish church.
By AD 1122 the Augustinian Priory of Breedon on the Hill had a dependent chapelry at Staunton. Breedon was a house of Nostell Priory, which surrendered all its properties to the Crown in 1539 in the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
Sir Robert Shirley, 4th Baronet had the present Church of England parish church of the Holy Trinity built in 1653. It is unusual for being built during the Commonwealth era and a notable example of Gothic survival architecture. Two inscriptions commemorate Sir Robert's efforts. One is in the chancel and reads
"Sir Robert Shirley Baronet Founder of this church anno domini 1653 on whose soul God hath mercy." The other is over the entrance and reads
"When all things sacred were throughout ye nation Either demollisht or profaned Sir Robert Shirley Barronet founded this Church whose singular praise it is to have done ye best things in ye worst times And hoped them in the most callamitous. The righteous shall be had in everlasting remembrance."
Sir Robert did not manage to have the church completed: the Commonwealth authorities imprisoned him in the Tower of London and he died there in 1656. After the Restoration of the Monarchy Richard Shepheard completed the church in 1665 for the young Sir Seymour Shirley, 5th Baronet (1647–67).
The exterior of the church is substantially buttressed, battlemented and pinnacled. The nave has a clerestory with square-headed Perpendicular Gothic windows. It is flanked by north and south aisles with windows of an earlier 14th century style and arcades of three bays. Although the architecture is Gothic the furnishings are Jacobean, including extensive panelling, box pews, the pulpit and a west gallery with an organ that predates the church. In the chancel is a monument with the white marble semi-reclining figure of Robert Shirley, Viscount Tamworth, who died in 1714.
The west tower is of three stages divided by string courses and has a ring of eight bells. George I Oldfield of Nottingham cast the oldest three bells in 1669 and Immanuel Halton of South Wingfield, Derbyshire cast another in 1717. Thomas I Mears of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry cast the remaining four, including the present tenor and treble bells, in 1831. The bells are currently unringable.
Holy Trinity parish is part of the Benefice of the Church of St Mary and St Hardulph, Breedon on the Hill. Holy Trinity is now a redundant church and a property of the National Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="20631726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631726" title="Color and/or Monochrome">
Color and/or Monochrome

Color and/or Monochrome was an international show on contemporary art held in 1989 - 1990 at the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo and at the National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto. This Exhibition was organized in collaboration with the Goethe-Institut Tokyo and The British Council
venues:
It included works by:
Subjects.
The exhibition presented works by 21 contemporary artists in the context to color and/or monochrome.
External links.
The National Library of Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="20631734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631734" title="Robert Odell">
Robert Odell

Robert Odell (4 May 1896 – 20 February 1984) was an American art director. He was nominated an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Beau Geste".

</doc>
<doc id="20631745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631745" title="Histiostomatidae">
Histiostomatidae

Histiostomatidae is a family of astigmatid mites and branches basically in a phylogenetic tree of the Astigmata.
Description.
These mites are characterized by a very small size (about 600–900 µm in length) and a close association to arthropodes, mainly insects. A morphologically specialized instar, the deutonymph (earlier "hypopus"), is adapted to attach e.g. insects for a phoretic transport from one habitat to another. The mites use different insect groups as phoretic carriers such as beetles, flies and Hymenoptera (ants, bees and wasps). In all species, the digitus mobilis of the chelicera is reduced to small rests, and the distal pedipalp article is connected to a more or less complex membranous structure. These mouthpart modifications form an organ to feed bacteria.
Habitats are colonized by the mites such as animal dung, compost, waterfilled treeholes or the fluids of "Nepenthes" and "Sarracenia" - pitcher plants.
Genera.
The family contains the following genera:

</doc>
<doc id="20631781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631781" title="Bacterial adhesion in aquatic system">
Bacterial adhesion in aquatic system

Bacterial adhesion involves the attachment (or deposition) of bacteria on the surface (solid, gel layer, etc.). This interaction plays an important role in natural system as well as in environmental engineering. 
The attachment of biomass on the membrane surface will result in membrane fouling, which can significantly reduce the efficiency of the treatment system using membrane filtration process in wastewater treatment plants. The low adhesion of bacteria to soil is essential key for the success of in-situ bioremediation in groundwater treatment. However, the contamination of pathogens in drinking water could be linked to the transportation of microorganisms in groundwater and other water sources. 
Controlling and preventing the adverse impact of the bacterial deposition on the aquatic environment need a deeply understanding about the mechanisms of this process. DLVO theory has been used extensively to describe the deposition of bacteria in many current researches.
Prediction of bacterial deposition by classical DLVO theory.
DLVO theory describes the interaction potential between charged surfaces. It is the sum of electrostatic double layer, which can be either attractive of repulsive, and attractive Van der Waals interactions of the charge surfaces. DLVO theory is applied widely in explaining the aggregation and deposition of colloidal and nano particles such as Fullerene C60 in aquatic system. Because bacteria and colloid particles both share the similarities in size and surface charge, the deposition of bacteria also can be describe by the DLVO theory. The prediction is based on sphere-plate interaction for one cell and the surface. 
The electrostatic double layer interactions could be describes by the expression for the constant surface potential 
formula_1
Where ε0is the vacuum permittivity, εr is the relative dielectric permittivity of water, ap is the equivalent spherical radius of the bacteria, κ is the inverse of Debye length, h is the separation distance between the bacterium and the collector surface; ψp and ψc are the surface potentials of the bacterial cell and the collector surface. Zeta potential at the surface of the bacteria and the collector were used instead of the surface potential.
The retarded Van der Waals interaction potential was calculated using the expression from Gregory, 1981 .
formula_2
With A is Hamaker constant for bacteria-water-surface collector (quartz) = 6.5 x 10−21 J and λ is the characteristic wavelength of the dielectric and could be assumed 100 nm, a is the equivalent radius of the bacteria, h is the separation distance from the surface collector to the bacteria.
Thus, the total interaction between bacteria and charged surface can be expressed as follow
formula_3
Current experimental result.
Experimental method.
Radial stagnant point flow (RSPF) system has currently been used for the experiment of bacterial adhesion with the verification of DLVO theory. It is a well-characterized experimental system and is useful for visualizing the deposition of individual bacteria on the uniform charge, flat quartz surface. The deposition of bacteria on the surface was observed and estimated through an inverted microscope and recorded at regular intervals (10 s or 20 s) with a digital camera.
Flow flied at the stagnation point flow http://www.yale.edu/env/alexis_folder/alexis_research_2b.jpg
Many bacterial stains have been used for the experiments. They are: 
All of the bacterial strains have negative zeta potential at experimental pH (5.5 and 5.8) and less become negative at higher ionic strength in both mono and divalent salt solutions.
Ultra pure quartz surface collectors have been used extensively due to their surface homogeneity, which is an important factor for applying DLVO theory. The quartz surface originally has negative potential. However, the surface of the collectors was usually modified to have positive surface for the favorable deposition experiments. 
In some experiments, the surface collector was coated with an alginate layer with negative charge for simulating the real conditioning film in natural system.
Result.
It was concluded that bacterial deposition mainly occurred in a secondary energy minimum by using DLVO theory. DLVO calculation predicted an energy barrier 140kT at 31.6 mM ionic strength to over 2000kT at 1mM ionic strength. This data was not in agreement with the experimental data, which showed the increasing deposition with increasing ionic strength. Therefore, the deposit could occur at secondary minimum having the energy from 0.09kT to 8.1kT at 1mM and 31.6 mM ionic strength, respectively. The conclusion was further proven by the partial release of deposited bacteria when the ionic strength decreased. Because the amount of released bacteria was less than 100%, it was suggested that bacteria could deposit at primary minimum due to the heterogeneity of the surface collector or bacterial surface. This fact was not covered in classical DLVO theory.
The presences of divalent electrolyte (Ca2+) can neutralize the charge surface of bacteria by the binding between Ca2+ and the functional group on the oocyst surface. This resulted to an observable bacterial deposition despite of the very high electrostatic repulsive energy from the DLVO prediction. 
The motility of bacteria also has a significant effect on the bacterial adhesion. Monmotile and motile bacteria showed different behavior in deposition experiments. At the same ionic strength, motile bacteria showed greater adhesion to the surface than nomotile bacteria and motile bacteria can attach to the surface of the collector at high repulsive electrostatic force. It was suggested that the swimming energy of the cells could overcome the repulsive energy or they can adhere to regions of heterogeneity on the surface. The swimming capacity increase with the ionic strength and 100mM is the optimal concentration for the rotation of flagella. 
Despite the electrostatic repulsion energy from DLVO calculation between the bacteria and surface collector, the deposition could occur due to other interaction such as the steric impact of the presence of flagella on the cell environment and the strong hydrophobicity of the cell.

</doc>
<doc id="20631788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631788" title="Katha Parayumpol">
Katha Parayumpol

Katha Parayumpol (Malayalam: കഥ പറയുമ്പോള്‍ ) (English: "As the Story is Told") is a 2007 Malayalam film directed by M. Mohanan, co-produced and written by Sreenivasan, and starring Sreenivasan, Mammootty and Meena.
The film revolves around a villager, who had shared a strong friendship with a popular cinema actor in their youth. However due to their different pursuit in careers they eventually are forced to part ways, one becoming a national figure, the other, a village barber. Decades later, the actor returns to the village to participate in his film's shooting. Whilst the entire village become excited about the prospect of seeing the actor, the barber fears that his old friend would have forgotten him and would neglect him. The story explores the pressures of friendship. 
It was remade in three languages: in Tamil as "Kuselan" (2008), in Telugu as "Kathanayakudu" (2008), and in Hindi as "Billu" (2009). "Katha Parayumpol" was a great critical success and was one of the biggest hits of the year, while the remake versions failed to impress critics as well as audiences.
Plot.
The story revolves around the life of a barber named "Balan" in a small village called Melukavu in Kerala. The barber is financially constrained and has to raise a family with three children. His wife "Sridevi" is beautiful and belongs to a high caste who had eloped with him. He is not able to cope with the competition from a new air-conditioned beauty salon/parlor opened by Sarasan (played by Jagadeesh), opposite his shop. He does not get a license or a loan for the salon. He is in debt and is ridiculed by everyone in the village. Life is tough for him – he does not have money for a full square meal, leave alone for his children's school fees
One day the village wakes up to the news that a Malayalam movie is going to be shot there, with superstar Ashok Raj (Mammotty) as the hero. News spread that Ashok Raj is coming to the village for the ten-day shoot. The whole village is excited preparing for the superstar's arrival. Slowly, a word spread around that Balan and Ashok Raj are childhood friends. Balan, who was a laughing stock, suddenly becomes the center of attention. Everyone goes out of their way to help and please Balan, so that they can get a chance to meet and get various favors from his superstar friend. Balan gets under immense pressure because of this attitude of the villagers. Even his family starts asking him to meet and renew the friendship with Ashok Raj. Balan tries his best to approach the superstar, but his honesty and status of barber does not allow him to pass through the heavy security. When the villagers know that Balan is not able to help them, they start thinking that he was lying about his friendship with Ashok Raj and took back their support, abusing and making even more fun of him. Balan, depressed and sad, goes back to his old self.
Ashok Raj is invited to a function in the local school where he gives a ceremonial speech. He talks about the present day life, modernization, the state of good people etc., opening the eyes of everyone to the sad truth of people's behavior. During the speech, he reveals the fact that Balan was his best friend who was the first person to realize the acting talent in him and tearing up in front of the audience, saying that he has been missing Balan all this while. That evening, Ashok Raj meets his long-lost friend Balan at his house, and Balan becomes an overnight hero in the eyes of his village.
Production.
The film was mainly shot at various locations in Melukavu.
Reception.
The film was released without much hype, but did extremely well in the box office and was declared as one of the biggest hits of 2007. It is the third biggest grosser of 2007 after "Mayavi" and "Hallo".
Soundtrack.
The film featured a successful soundtrack composed by M. Jayachandran.
Remakes.
Following the extraordinary success it enjoyed in Malayalam, the film was remade in Tamil as Kuselan and Telugu as Kathanayakudu. Sreenivasan's role was played by Pasupathi and Mammootty's role was played by Rajnikanth in Tamil and Jagapati Babu in Telugu. But both these versions strayed from the original with many extra characters and changes in the storyline resulting in dismal failures.
Noted Director Priyadarshan was highly impressed with the film that he immediately bought rights for the Hindi remake of the film. Priyadarshan had screened the film to noted actor, Shah Rukh Khan, who was highly impressed with the film that he signed onto the Hindi remake, "Billu" as well as producing it under his Red Chillies Entertainment. Khan suggested that Priyan should stick to the original script sans any alterations. Also, 3 item numbers by Kareena Kapoor, Deepika Padukone and Priyanka Chopra are to be added into the film's promotion. Movie completed 130 days in theatres
Recently, noted Kannada actor/director, Ramesh Aravind has announced the remake in Kannada as well. The film will be directed by him and will contain no alterations to the story. Actor Komal will play the barber role while Ganesh will don the Superstar role.

</doc>
<doc id="20631796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631796" title="Boualem Bouferma">
Boualem Bouferma

Boualem Bouferma (born September 29, 1976 in Douéra, Alger, Algeria) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for RC Kouba in the Algerian Championnat National 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20631799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631799" title="Lyda Southard">
Lyda Southard

Lyda Southard (October 16, 1892-February 5, 1958) was an American serial killer. She was suspected of killing her brother-in-law, four husbands and a daughter, but was only convicted of killing her fourth husband, Edward Meyer.
Biography.
Lyda Anna Mae Trueblood was born October 16, 1892 in Keytesville, Missouri. The Trueblood family moved to Twin Falls, Idaho, in 1906.
Lyda married Robert Dooley on March 17, 1912. The couple settled with his brother Ed Dooley on a ranch in Twin Falls and had a daughter, Lorraine, in 1914. Ed Dooley died in August 1915; the cause of death was ruled ptomaine poisoning. Robert Dooley subsequently fell ill and died of typhoid fever on October 12, 1915.
She married William G. McHaffle in June 1917. Shortly afterward, Lyda's three-year-old daughter fell ill and died, prompting the McHaffles to move to Montana. A year later, McHaffle suddenly fell ill of what was thought to be the flu and died in Montana on October 1, 1918. The death certificate ruled the cause of death as influenza and diphtheria. 
In March 1919, she married Harlen C. Lewis and settled in Billings, Montana. He fell ill and died of another "flu bug" in July 1919. Lyda married for a fourth time in Pocatello, Idaho, to Edward F. Meyer in August 1920. He mysteriously fell ill of typhoid and died on September 7, 1920.
Twin Falls chemist Earl Dooley, a relative of Lyda's first husband, began to study the deaths surrounding her. Along with a physician and another chemist, he soon discovered that Ed and Bob Dooley were murdered by arsenic poisoning. Twin Falls County Prosecutor Frank Stephan began investigation and began exhuming the bodies of three of Lyda’s husbands, Lyda’s 3-year-old daughter, and Lyda’s brother-in-law. Stephan discovered that some of the bodies contained traces of arsenic, while others were suspected of arsenic poisoning by the how well the bodies were preserved, and found her motive in the records of the Idaho State Life Insurance company of Boise. All 4 of Lyda's husbands had held a life insurance policy where they listed her as the beneficiary. Lyda Trueblood was able to collect over $7,000 over the years from the deaths of her first three husbands.
She was found by law enforcement in Honolulu, married for the fifth time to Navy petty officer Paul Southard. Following extradition to Idaho, she was arraigned on June 11, 1921. Following a six-week trial, she was convicted of second-degree murder and sentenced to ten years to life imprisonment in the Old Idaho State Penitentiary.
She escaped from prison on May 4, 1931 and took up residence in Denver, Colorado as a housekeeper for Harry Whitlock, a man she married in March 1932 but who ultimately assisted in her arrest in Topeka, Kansas on July 31, 1932. She returned to the penitentiary in August 1932. She was released on probation in October 1941, and received a final pardon in 1942.
Marriage and children.
She was married seven times:
Lyda gave birth to a daughter, Lorraine Dooley, in 1914; she died in 1917.
Death and afterward.
Southard, by then known as Anna Shaw, died of a heart attack on February 5, 1958 in Salt Lake City, Utah. Her body was interred at Sunset Memorial Park in Twin Falls, Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="20631806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631806" title="The Dogs (album)">
The Dogs (album)

The Dogs is the self-titled debut album released by the rap group, The Dogs. It was released on March 28, 1990 through Joey Boy Records and was produced by the group's leader, Disco Rick. The album found mild success, peaking at #37 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and featured the group's most well known song, "Crack Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="20631808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631808" title="Normanton le Heath">
Normanton le Heath

Normanton le Heath is a village and civil parish situated between the parishes of Packington, Ravenstone and Heather in North West Leicestershire, England. It should not be confused with another Normanton in the county which is near Bottesford.
The name, which in Old English means "the settlement of Northmen on the heath", suggests that the current village was probably an English village taken over by a group of Norse or Danish settlers at the time of the original Viking settlement, and this fits well into the overall pattern of land occupation in the area. It lies on the edge of the great heath that once stretched Westwards from the edge of Charnwood Forest, something which is reflected in the names of a number of other settlements in the area, such as Heather and Donington le Heath.
There are, however, signs of significant earlier land usage in the parish. Near to the boundary with Heather and Ravenstone an Iron Age settlement has been discovered. Equally, the newly discovered Roman road from Leicester to Chester has been discovered running through the centre of Normanton. Just over the parish boundary in the southern Ravenstone area there was a small Roman town.
A track called the can be traced running from the Iron Age settlement all the way to Tamworth. The Salt Way which ran through Measham can also be traced to Normanton. It is not totally implausible to suggest that a road/track ran through the centre from Ancaster to Wall. If this is correct it would suggest that this track was of Roman origin. However, this is very much a speculative road at the moment.
The settlement is not mentioned in the Domesday Book and the first mention we have is in 1209. Much of the land in the early Middle Ages to the north was known to be woodland or heathland. Coal mining formed part of the economy of the area from a very early period and mines have been found at the abandoned village of Alton to the north of Normanton.
The parish had a population of 131 according to the 2001 census.
To the east of the village was the Long Moor open cast coal mine managed by UK Coal. Over a three-year period from 2007 to 2010 this extracted 725,000 tons of coal. Following restoration, the mine site has been acquired by the Woodland Trust. With adjoining agricultural land this will become the Flagship Diamond Wood, a new woodland to celebrate the 2012 Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II.

</doc>
<doc id="20631821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631821" title="Captain Fury">
Captain Fury

Captain Fury is a 1939 American adventure film set in colonial Australia directed by Hal Roach. It was one of Hollywood's few attempts to depict Australian history.
Plot.
Captain Michael Fury is an Irish patriot transported to New South Wales for his political involvement. He escapes from the convict colony and lives the life of a bushranger until he's captured by a settler's daughter, Jeanette Dupre. Dupre receives a £100 reward for the capture. Fury is pardoned by the Governor. He reunites with Dupre and they marry.
Production.
Roach got the idea for making the film after reading "Robbery Under Arms". It was originally announced that Roach would be adapting the novel and using Brian Aherne and Margaret Sullavan as stars, but this was abandoned, apparently out of fear of offending Australians, and Roach instead commissioned an original screenplay that was to be similar to the novel under the title of Captain Midnight. There also may have been an issue with the rights to the novel, which were held by Cinesound Productions. The eventual script was not based on any particular bushranger.
Australian politician Sir Earle Page visited Hal Roach studios in August 1938 and promised to assist the movie by sending over some koalas and eucalyptus trees.
Filming was delayed because June Lang had an infected throat. It took place near Malibu Beach. Four kookaburras were hired from Catalina Island Bird Park but refused to laugh during filming.
Both Brian Aherne and Victor McLaglen had toured Australia and were anxious for the film to be as accurate as possible. Frank Baker, brother of Snowy Baker, acted as technical adviser. A few Australians were in the cast, including Billy Bevan and Frank Hagney.
Reception.
It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by Charles D. Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20631841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631841" title="Netherlands in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007">
Netherlands in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007

The Netherlands selected their Junior Eurovision entry for 2007 through "Junior Songfestival 2007", a national final consisting of 10 songs spread out into two semi-finals and a final. The winners were Lisa, Amy & Shelley with the song "Adem in, adem uit".
Junior Songfestival 2007.
The national final consisted of two semi-finals and one final. Each semi-final had 5 songs, with 2 advancing to the final. A wildcard was given to one song, which was then allowed to go to the final.
The votes were awarded as follows:
At Junior Eurovision.
Lisa, Amy & Shelley performed 10th on the night of the contest, held in the Dutch city of Rotterdam. They received 39 points, placing 11th of the 17 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20631851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631851" title="Hessel">
Hessel

The Hessel is a long, right tributary of the River Ems in the territory of the North Rhine-Westphalian districts of Gütersloh and Warendorf in northwest Germany.
The river rises northwest of Halle (Westf.) on the Große Egge, crosses the Hermannsweg, flows through the villages of Hesseln and Hörste in Halle borough, then through the borough of Versmold through Oesterweg, continuing through the town of Sassenberg and along the southern edge of Milte in the borough of Warendorf, before emptying into the Ems near Warendorf-Einen.
Tributaries include the Casumer Bach, Bruchbach, Aabach, Poggenfahrtgraben, Sandfortbach, Teichwiese, Wöstenbach, Beckstroth, Arenbecke and the Speckengraben.
The Snake's Head Meadows lie along the Hessel near Sassenberg, one of the few areas in Germany in which this strictly protected wildflower occurs.

</doc>
<doc id="20631858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631858" title="Sunset Classics and Jazz">
Sunset Classics and Jazz

Sunset Classics & Jazz (SC&J) is the main classical and jazz music division that is made up of two (2) active record labels, Sunset Classics and Sunset Jazz Recordings. Headed by Chairman and Founder Don Lichterman, SC&J has fast become the market leader in today’s jazz and classical music markets.
SC&J's two divisions are Sunset Classics, the home to such diverse classical music artists as Steve Tilelli and Michalis Terzis (#1 in Classical at MTVs Our Stage), and Sunset Jazz, the home of the world class Serbian jazz trio, Woodcock Group are signed to the jazz label.

</doc>
<doc id="20631892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631892" title="Sagar Alias Jacky Reloaded">
Sagar Alias Jacky Reloaded

Sagar Alias Jacky Reloaded () is a Malayalam action film directed by Amal Neerad who also did the cinematography. Mohanlal reprises the role of the eponymous Sagar alias Jacky from the 1987 film "Irupatham Noottandu". The script was writtern by S. N. Swamy and the film was produced by Aashirvad Cinemas. Bhavana and Shobana play the female leads while Jyothirmayi plays a cameo role. The film was dubbed into Hindi as "Ek Hi Don".
Plot.
Sagar Alias Jacky (Character) (Mohanlal) is a gangster who is known for solving problems among big gangs. The Chief Minister's(Nedumudi Venu) son-in-law, Manu(Manoj K Jayan) is kidnapped and the police are unable to find a clue. Manu's wife Indu(Shobhana) realises that the police have been influenced by her brother Hari(Ganesh) who seems to know the kidnappers. Indu decides to call her best friend Sagar to help find her husband. Sagar calls his best henchmen from all over Kerala for the job. The gang then travels to Goa where Sagar's contact tells him that the kidnappers are the Rosario brothers(Sampath Raj,Sherveer Vakil) who run the most powerful gang in the Goa underworld. After considerable difficulties, Sagar and his gang locate the night club where Manu is held hostage and helps him to escape. This audacity does not sit well with the Rosarios who swear vengeance against Sagar. They kidnap one of Sagar's favourite gangsters and demand ransom. Sagar responds by kidnapping two of the three Rosario brothers and demands that his man be released at once. Realising that they would never be able to defeat Sagar in a heads-on battle, the Rosario brothers make a deal with Manu and Hari to deliver Sagar's current location. The Rosarios then try to assassinate Sagar but fail. Frustrated with repeated defeats, the Rosarios then approach Sagar's rival, Nanthakrishna Naina(Suman). Naina supplies them with a sniper, Sheikh Imran(Rahul Dev), who is also an internationally infamous assassin. Imran is asked to assassinate Manu so that the Sagar can be framed for the murder. But the Rosarios' plan backfires as Indu gives witness that Sagar was not responsible for her husband's murder.
Imran is then asked to assassinate Sagar. He manages to kill Sagar's bodyguard but Sagar himself escapes. Sagar then hunts him down and kills him. The Rosarios then kidnap Sagar's love interest Arati(Bhavana), a news reporter. Sagar is asked to come to a place to work out a deal. When he reaches there, he finds Arati dead.
Enraged, Sagar goes to the Rosarios' club and goes on a killing spree. Then he goes to Dubai where Naina is hiding on a yacht. With the help of some gangsters he plants explosives on the yacht and blows it up. The film ends when Sagar informs Indu that her husband has been avenged.
Reception.
The film was one of the most expected and much-hyped films in the Malayalam industry. The film opened in 105 centres across Kerala and had an opening to the tune of 2 crore on the first day itself. But due to mixed reviews, It had a theatrical run of more than 60 days in some centres.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack features 6 songs composed by Gopi Sundar, with lyrics by Gopi Sundar, Jofy Tharakan, Santhosh Varma and Riya Joy.

</doc>
<doc id="20631895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631895" title="Jean Auscher">
Jean Auscher

Jean Auscher was a 20th Century French artist, caricaturist, and illustrator. He was born in Nancy, France c. 1880 and died c. 1950.
Auscher was a pupil at l’Ecole des Arts Decoratifs in Paris. His work was exhibited at Le Salon d'Automne and Le Salon des Tuileries between 1923 and 1933.
His most characteristic work recorded the life “des Annees Folles” in the Paris of the 1920s, including scenes in the casinos, gambling clubs and dance halls, evoking the decadence of the demimonde. He also recorded the theatrical community with portraits of actors, some in their famous roles, such as Louis Jouvet as “Le Trouhadec indigne” and the clown Grock. 
His best-known work appeared in limited edition folios published by the artist himself (La Faune des Dancings, 1925 and Le Baccara, C 1926). Many copies of the lithographs contained in these were heightened with watercolor. He contributed to the satirical journal "Le Rire" (“Laughter”); he also illustrated works by Irène Némirovsky, who was rediscovered when Suite Francaise was republished in 2004. Andre Haguenauer (Les Amertumes (Bitterness), 1925) and Alfred Machard (Printemps Sexuel) provided Auscher with subject matter that was again towards the margins of conventional attitudes to sexuality. 
Auscher later illustrated the court proceedings taken against the collaborationist French government after World War II, including those against Marshal Philippe Pétain, Charles Maurras, and Pierre Laval.

</doc>
<doc id="20631908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631908" title="Chilcote">
Chilcote

Chilcote is a village and civil parish in the North West Leicestershire district of Leicestershire, England. Until 1897 it was in Derbyshire. The parish had a population of 108 according to the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="20631917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631917" title="Zarrar Shah">
Zarrar Shah

Zarrar Shah is one of Lashkar-e-Taiba's primary liaisons to the ISI and its communications chief.
According to "The New York Times", Shah is "a senior Lashkar commander" and "a central character" behind the plot of the November 2008 Mumbai attacks. Fox News reported that Shah communicated with gunmen over the telephone and helped direct their activities as he watched the events unfold on television.
On December 10, 2008, Pakistan announced the arrest of Shah for his role in the Mumbai attacks. On December 31, 2008 it was announced that Shah had confessed LeT's involvement as well as his own central role in the attack. According to Pakistani officials, Shah's interrogation confirmed most of the details that had been obtained from the only captured gunman.
On February 12, 2009 Rehman Malik, adviser to the prime minister on the interior, stated that Shah was still in custody and that he allegedly wrote the emails claiming responsibility for the attacks.
Investigations of Shah's computer and email accounts revealed a list of 320 locations worldwide deemed as possible targets for terrorist attacks similar to the November 2008 strikes in Mumbai. Only 20 of the targets were locations within India. Analysts believed that the list was a statement of intent rather than a list of locations where LeT cells had been established and were ready to attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20631921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631921" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 476">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 476

United Nations Security Council resolution 476, adopted on 30 June 1980, declared that "all legislative and administrative measures and actions taken by Israel, the occupying Power, which purport to alter the character and status of the Holy City of Jerusalem have no legal validity and constitute a flagrant violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention".
The resolution was adopted by 14 votes to none, with the United States abstaining.

</doc>
<doc id="20631928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631928" title="SS Empire Addison">
SS Empire Addison

SS "Empire Addison was a 7,010 ton steamship which was built in 1941 for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT), she was sold in 1945 becoming Philosopher, and sold to Liberia in 1959 and renamed Aiolos" serving until scrapped in 1963.
History.
"Empire Addison" was built by Lithgows, Port Glasgow and launched in on 31 December 1941, she was completed in March 1942.
War service.
"Empire Addison" was a member of a number of convoys.
Convoy KMS 57, sailed from Liverpool on 12 July 1944 bound for Gibraltar, where it arrived on 25 July 1944. "Empire Addison" was carrying general cargo, destined for the Persian Gulf.
Convoy KMS 83, sailed from Liverpool on 6 February 1945 to Gibraltar, where it arrived on 10 February 1945. "Empire Addison" was carrying general cargo, destined for Port Said, Bombay and Karachi.
Postwar service.
In 1945, "Empire Addison" was sold to the Charente Steamship Co Ltd, and renamed "Philosopher". In 1959, she was sold to the Concordia Shipping Corporation, Liberia, and renamed "Aiolos". She was scrapped in Hong Kong in 1963.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Addison" had the UK Official Number 168290 and used the Code Letters BDPF.

</doc>
<doc id="20631947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631947" title="Beware of The Dogs">
Beware of The Dogs

Beware of The Dogs is the second album released by rap group, The Dogs. It was released on June 4, 1991 through Joey Boy Records and was produced by Disco Rick. The album was less successful then the group's previous album, having peaked at #55 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20631973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631973" title="Martha Gibson">
Martha Gibson

Martha Gibson (born January 14, 1939 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian actress. She is probably best known for appearing alongside her husband Louis Del Grande in the television series "Seeing Things", for which she earned a Gemini Award for Best Performance by a Lead Actress in a Continuing Role in a Comedy Series in 1986.
She was nominated in the same category for the same show in 1987, but lost to Dinah Christie.
Gibson also appeared in other notable roles in "Black Christmas", "King of Kensington" (to which she also contributed as a writer), "Murder by Phone", "Katts and Dog" and "Sweating Bullets".

</doc>
<doc id="20631975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20631975" title="Sing the Changes">
Sing the Changes

"Sing the Changes" is a song written by Paul McCartney from the 2008 album "Electric Arguments" by The Fireman, an experimental music duo comprising McCartney and Youth. The song was released as a single, with an accompanying video, in December 2008.
Live performances.
McCartney performed the track with his touring band during his 2009 summer tour of North America, including his 15 July appearance on "Late Show with David Letterman". During the "Late Show" taping, McCartney and his band performed a seven song mini-concert atop the Ed Sullivan Theater marquee, but only "Get Back" and "Sing the Changes" were featured in the television broadcast. McCartney first appeared in the Ed Sullivan Theater as part of The Beatles' first trip and performance in the United States in February 1964. McCartney still performs this in his concerts (as of May 2012).
The appearance on "Late Show" preceded McCartney's three-night concert series at Citi Field in New York City, as the first music concerts to occur at the new stadium. McCartney's inauguration of Citi Field was meant to replicate his role in The Beatles and the band's similar function of being the first musical act to perform at Shea Stadium (Citi Field's predecessor) in 1965. This performance was later included on McCartney's live CD/DVD "Good Evening New York City".

</doc>
<doc id="20632031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632031" title="Wide Range Assessment of Memory and Learning, Second Edition">
Wide Range Assessment of Memory and Learning, Second Edition

The Wide Range Assessment of Memory and Learning, Second Edition (WRAML2) is a standardized test that measures an individual's memory functioning. It evaluates both immediate and delayed memory ability along with the acquisition of new learning. The WRAML2 is normed for individuals ages 5–90 years. 
The WRAML2 is composed of two verbal, two visual, and two attention-concentration subtests, yielding a Verbal Memory Index, a Visual Memory Index, and an Attention-Concentration Index. Together, these subtests yield the General Memory Index. The Working Memory Index consists of the Symbolic Working Memory and Verbal Working Memory subtests. In addition, there are four recognition subtests.
The WRAML2 is published by and available from Psychological Assessment Resources, Inc.. A scoring program also is available.
Further reading.
Wide Range Achievement Test

</doc>
<doc id="20632035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632035" title="Kōdō Dam">
Kōdō Dam

History.
Kōdō Dam was built under the auspices of a stream regulation program drafted by the prewar Home Ministry in order to prevent flooding, generate electricity and to facilitate water transportation. It was built in March 1938 and was completed two and half years later in October 1940.
Even though construction work for Okiura Dam—built under the same governmental plan in Aomori Prefecture and by now submerged—started earlier in 1933, it was only finished in 1945, making Kōdō Dam the first multipurpose dam to be built in Japan.
In 1942, control of operations (with regard to water transportation and generation of electricity) was handed to the Chugoku Electric Power Company. The postwar period (1965) saw an increase in the demand for suitable water transportation channels for industrial leading to the construction of Sugano Dam located downstream. Thereafter flood control and irrigation operations were mostly handled at Sugano.
As of 2008, both bridges are interconnected and is still used to produce electricity as well as for minor general flood control and irrigation purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20632048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632048" title="Savage Harvest">
Savage Harvest

Savage Harvest is a 1981 film by Robert Collins.
Plot.
A family in Africa is besieged by a group of lions, driven to desperation by the drought. They have to survive multiple attacks but some colleagues are eaten by the lions.
Cast notes.
Tana Helfer, who played the role of daughter Kristie, is the daughter of producer and animal trainer Ralph Helfer.

</doc>
<doc id="20632058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632058" title="Highlands High School (Natrona Heights, Pennsylvania)">
Highlands High School (Natrona Heights, Pennsylvania)

Highlands High School is a suburban, public secondary school in the Natrona Heights neighborhood of Harrison Township in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is part of the Highlands School District and has a current enrollment of about 800 students in grades nine through twelve.
Graduation rate.
In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4 year cohort graduation rate. Highlands School District's rate was 80% for 2010.
According to traditional graduation rate calculations:
Academic achievement.
In 2010, the Highland High School achieved AYP status. In 2009, the school was in Warning status due to low student achievement.
In 2009, Highlands High School's 11th grade ranked 68th out of 123 western Pennsylvania 11th grades for academic achievement on three years of PSSAs in: reading, writing, math and one year of science.
College remediation: According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 24% of Highlands School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a Dual Enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities at their high school. Highlands has partnered with Penn State New Kensington and Community College of Allegheny County (CCAC). The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $23,672 for the program.
Graduation requirements.
The Highlands School Board requires that a student earn 24.2 credits to graduate including: English 4 credits, Mathematics 4 credits, Science 4 credits, Social Studies 4 credits, Arts and Humanities 2 credits, Health/Phys. Ed. 2.2 credits, and Electives 4 credits. Every student must successfully complete one credit of English, math and social studies every year.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. At Highlands High School students are required to complete a career portfolio over 4 years. It includes Individual and group projects, visitations to post-secondary schools, community service hours, and career job shadowing, coupled with career awareness activities.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, for the graduating classes 2016, students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, English Composition, and Literature for which the Keystone Exams serve as the final course exams. Students’ Keystone Exam scores shall count for at least one-third of the final course grade.
Tutoring.
Tutoring is available to high school students, after school Monday thru Thursday from 2:45 p.m. to 3:45 p.m., for: Maths, English, Science and Social Studies.
AP courses.
Students have access to several Advance Placement courses including AP English, AP Calculus, AP U.S. History, AP U.S. Government and Politics, and AP Economics. Upon successful completion of the course and achieving a score of 3, 4 or 5 on the exam administered by the College Board, a student can earn college credits. The exams are offered in the area on an annual schedule.
Air pollution.
In 2008, a study released by "USA Today", Johns Hopkins University, and the University of Maryland indicated that the school may have dangerous levels of chromium in its air, due to its proximity to steel mills of Allegheny Technologies.
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Highlands School District is a member of the WPIAL and PIAA, Highlands School District teams compete at the class AAA or AA level.
Eligibility to participate is set in school board policy. All students must be passing four major subjects to be eligible to participate. Students declared ineligible are not permitted to practice or play from Monday through the end of next Sunday.
By Pennsylvania law, all K–12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
The district offers the following sports programs:
BOYS - Baseball 9-12, Basketball 7-12, Cross Country 9-12, Marching Band (sometimes 8 but usually) 9-12, Football 7-12, Golf 9-12, Soccer 7-12, Swimming 9-12, Tennis 9-12, Track & Field 7-12, Wrestling 9-12.
GIRLS - Basketball 7-12, Cross Country 9-12, Marching Band (sometimes 8 but usually) 9-12, Soccer 7-12, Softball 7-12, Swimming 9-12, Tennis 9-12, Track & Field 7-12, Volleyball 9-12.

</doc>
<doc id="20632089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632089" title="2007–08 Lega Basket Serie A">
2007–08 Lega Basket Serie A

The Serie A FIP 2007-08 was the 86th edition of the top-level Italian basketball championship. The "regular season" began on September 30, 2007 and ended on April 27, 2008.
The 18 participating teams played each other in home and away matches. At the end of the regular season, the first eight classified were allowed to the playoffs, while the last two were relegated in LegaDue.

</doc>
<doc id="20632113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632113" title="Results of the 2000 Sri Lankan general election by electoral district">
Results of the 2000 Sri Lankan general election by electoral district

Results of the 2000 Sri Lankan general election by electoral district.
See also.
Results of the 2000 Sri Lankan general election by province

</doc>
<doc id="20632133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632133" title="National Enterprise Corporation">
National Enterprise Corporation

The National Enterprise Corporation "(NEC)" was established in 1989 by an Act of Parliament of Uganda, soon after the victories of the National Resistance Army and the National Resistance Movement in the Luwero War, as the commercial arm of the army of Uganda. The NEC is a state corporation with extensive involvement in the economy of Uganda. Its activities include agricultural, manufacturing, healthcare, service industry and defense industry projects and companies. The current managing director of the NEC is 
Mr Denial Mukombzi.
Head offices are located in Kampala.

</doc>
<doc id="20632167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632167" title="Love All the Hurt Away">
Love All the Hurt Away

Love All The Hurt Away is an Aretha Franklin album, the singer's sophomore release for Arista Records. 
Despite strong reviews, it was a sales disappointment, topping off at approximately 250,000 copies. Aretha's cover version of Sam & Dave's classic hit "Hold On! I'm Coming" won Franklin her 11th Grammy Award in the Best R&B Vocal Performance, Female category. It was her first Grammy win since 1974. The album was reissued on CD in 2012 by Cherry Red Records and included 3 bonus tracks 
Track listing.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love All The Hurt Away".

</doc>
<doc id="20632189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632189" title="Count Franz Philipp von Lamberg">
Count Franz Philipp von Lamberg

Count Franz Philipp von Lamberg (, November 30, 1791 - September 28, 1848) Austrian soldier and statesman, was born in Mór "(Moor)," Hungary. He held the military rank of "Feldmarschallleutnant".
He entered the third Uhlan regiment in 1810. He served in the War of the Sixth Coalition (1813–1814). In 1834 he was promoted to the rank of major. After 32 years of military service, in 1842 he was assigned the rank of "Feldmarschallleutnant".
In 1848, the circumstance that, as a member of the upper eschelons of the Hungarian nobility, he had been entrusted with Hungarian relations with Austria brought him the difficult, but also distinguished, assignment as imperial commissioner charged with bringing about a peaceful adjustment between the emperor and the people. But before his arrival in Pest, Kossuth had incited the legislature to forbid his taking office as palatine of Hungary, and the army was instructed not to obey him. His assignment was without ministerial countersign. After his arrival in Pest, and a short and fruitless discussion with General Hrabowsky, he took a cab to a fortification. While crossing the Danube on the pontoon bridge, a mob which had been advised of his arrival fell upon the cab, murdered Lamberg, mutilated the body, and triumphantly carried it, impaled on scythes, to the disabled soldiers' home.
Lamberg's death marked a turning point in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, as the Imperial Court in Vienna decided to dissolve the Hungarian Parliament and send in the troops of Josip Jelačić into Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20632191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632191" title="Ellorum Nallavare">
Ellorum Nallavare

Ellorum nallavare () is a Tamil film acted by Muthuraman and directed by Balan. This story is an adaptation of the Kannada film "Bhootayyana Maga Ayyu". V. Kumar composed the music for the Tamil and Telugu versions.
Plot.
With a picturesque village as the backdrop, the story had engrossing elements like a greedy moneylender and his repentant son, a good Samaritan who is a victim of the unscrupulous moneylender, his son, the enmity that springs up, romance thrown in for good measure, the fury unleashed by a remorseless nature, and the terrible wages that evil earns.

</doc>
<doc id="20632192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632192" title="Mauricio Villardo">
Mauricio Villardo

Mauricio Villardo Reis (born January 14, 1975) best known as Mauricio Villardo is a fourth-degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Royler Gracie, head instructor of Gracie Humaitá and he is also a former World Champion of the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship of the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (IBJJF). Living close to the beautiful beaches in Brazil, Mauricio's hobby was surfing, but once he experienced Jiu-Jitsu, he fell in love with the sport. Mauricio’s first experience with the martial arts was not Jiu-Jitsu. When he was seven,he began practicing Judo at Clube do Flamengo,in Rio de Janeiro.
At the age of fifteen, Mauricio began to practice Muay Thai. A few months later, a friend invited him to visit a Brazilian jiu-jitsu academy and for Mauricio, it began a life long journey studying the worlds most effective fighting and self defense system. 
Almost immediately after becoming a Jiu-Jitsu student, Mauricio began to compete at local and regional tournaments in Brazil. Later, he began to assist Professor Royler Gracie with classes, developing his passion for teaching. He won many major tournaments including the 1996 World Jiu-Jitsu Championship. In 1997, Mauricio accomplished a lifelong dream receiving his black belt from the hands of his professor Royler Gracie. 
In 2002 Mauricio moved to south Florida. Recognizing the opportunity to build a small business in the United States, he decided to continue teaching his style of jiu-Jitsu in the Palm Beach County, Florida area. Since 2002, Mauricio has been developing and expanding Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in the West Palm Beach area where he lives and operates an academy in Wellington.
WIth an expanding academy Professor Villardo has also continued his success in competition. In 2009 he won a silver medal at the IBJJF PAN Championships in California. He also won gold medals at the IBJJF 2009 and 2010 PAN No-Gi championships in New York City.
Instructor lineage.
Mitsuo "Count Koma" Maeda → Carlos Gracie Sr. → Hélio Gracie → Royler Gracie → Mauricio Villardo

</doc>
<doc id="20632198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632198" title="Jon Trott">
Jon Trott

Jon Trott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20632263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632263" title="Viljar Veski">
Viljar Veski

Viljar Veski (born April 29, 1986) is an Estonian basketball player, who currently plays in the Spanish third division for Palma Air Europa. Viljar Veski plays center position. Veski has also been a member of the Estonia national basketball team since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20632279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632279" title="Faure Museum (Aix-les-Bains)">
Faure Museum (Aix-les-Bains)

The Faure Museum is an art museum situated at Aix-les-Bains in France in the department of Savoie. It is a museum of France, according to the law n°2002-5 of January 4, 2002. It was founded in 1949 and comprised initially artworks from the private collection of Doctor Jean Faure (1862–1942), bequeathed to the city. The Faure Museum possesses the second collection in France of works by Rodin and the second collection of impressionist paintings of France.
Infrastructures.
Building.
The Faure Museum is installed in a villa of Italian style, " The Villa des Chimères" (Villa of the Pipe Dreams). It was constructed in 1902. This building is of Genoese style from the 19th century. It possesses an entry surround by two columns. Its facade is decorated by a painted border representing stylized pipe dreams. The museum is open to the public, and wheelchair-accessible throughout.
Garden.
The museum proposes a freely accessible garden to the public. There are several artworks in the garden among which a statue of Alfred Boucher and a statue of Mars Vallett, "Enfants sous la neige" (Children under the snow).
Collections.
The Faure Museum shelters the collections constituted by Doctor Faure, between the two world wars, composed of impressionist paintings and sculptures, gathered along with his Parisian frequentations and particularly with the Parisian art dealer André Shoeller.
Sculpture.
The Faure Museum possesses the second collection in France of works of Rodin (33 sculptures and studies)
Paintings.
A remarkable collection of Impressionist paintings—and works by painters close by Impressionism, as those of Romanticism, Post-impressionism and Symbolism—was gathered, mainly by Doctor Faure, and further enriched with time by new acquisitions. 
One can admire works of painters such as Corot, Boudin, Jongkind, Ravier, Puy, Cézanne, Sisley, Pissarro, Degas, Bonnard, Vuillard, Lebourg, Lebasque, Marquet, Robert Louis Antral, Charles Cottet, Jules Desbois, Edmond Aman-Jean, John Singer Sargent, Victor Vignon, Constant Troyon, Stanislas Lépine and also Adolphe Monticelli, Georges Michel, Jean Victor Bertin...
Among the works in the collection: 
Expositions temporaries.
The museum Faure organizes five temporary expositions per year. Here below a list of expositions having been organized within the museum:
Attendance.
Attendance of the museum calculated in number of entries.
Anecdotes.
November 16, 1981, the museum was the target of a burglary. Two pictures of high value disappeared, one by Camille Pissarro and one by Renoir. On May 2, 2003, the curator of the museum, André Liatard, was warned by Sotheby's New York of the sale of a picture by Pissarro entitled "Le marché aux poissons" (monotype of 20 x 15 cm) that by vigilance had been identified in the database of the " Art Loss Register". The sale was then blocked at the request of the curator. An investigation started. It showed Emile Guelton had sold the painting at a gallery of art of San Antonio for $6,000 to $7,000. This salesman was known for flights of works of art. The city of Aix-les-Bains made efforts to recover the stolen work. The duality of the legislations of the United States and France in the matter being complex, the city decided to propose a sum of 4 750 € to recover the picture and compensate the current owner in the US. The New York court should soon take a decision. In case of acceptance, the picture will be able to be recovered at the embassy of the United States in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20632284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632284" title="Alfred Pearson (bishop)">
Alfred Pearson (bishop)

The Rt Rev Alfred Pearson was second Bishop of Burnley from 1905 to 1909. Born in Brixton on 30 April 1848 and educated at Lincoln College, Oxford he was ordained in 1874. After a curacy at St Andrew’s, Leeds he heldincumbencies at St Ebbe’s, Oxford, All Saints' Church, Nottingham (1880-1888), St Margaret’s, Brighton and St Mark's, Sheffield (where he was also Rural Dean of the area) before his elevation to the Episcopate. He died on 19 March 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20632303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632303" title="Andy Allen (footballer)">
Andy Allen (footballer)

Andrew Allen (born 4 September 1974, Liverpool) is a former English footballer.
Allen made one appearance in The Football League for Chester City as a 17-year old, when he replaced Neil Morton in a 1–0 defeat at Hull City on 9 November 1991. He remained with the club the following season but did not again feature for the first team and he dropped into non-league football with Colwyn Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20632307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632307" title="V. Kumar">
V. Kumar

V.Kumar (), known as "Melody King", was introduced to Tamil Film Music by K.Balachander. He has his own style, which is clearly different from MSV and KVM at that time.
His songs are very soft, melodious with good mix of Indian and western instruments. He used SPB for many of his songs. Once he had been the aasthana MD for K.Balachandar films. Before that he used to score music for his plays.
Songs like "Kathoodu than nann pesuvan", "Unnedam mayanguren", "Madanorchanvam rathiyoodhan", "Nann unnai vazhthi padugerean", "Adduthathu ambujatthi" are testimony to his talent.

</doc>
<doc id="20632317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632317" title="Dimitrie Cozacovici">
Dimitrie Cozacovici

Dimitrie Cozacovici (1790, Metsovo (today Greece) - 31 August 1868, Bucharest) was a Romanian historian. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20632326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632326" title="Bear attack">
Bear attack

A bear attack is an attack by any mammal of the Ursidae family, on another animal, although it usually refers to bears attacking humans or domestic pets. Bear attacks are relatively rare, but frequent enough to be of concern for those who are in bear habitats. Bear attacks can be fatal and often hikers, hunters, fisherman, and others in bear country take precautions against bear attacks.
According to Taylor Y. Cardall MD and Peter Rosen MD, in their article "Grizzly Bear Attack" published in the "Journal of Emergency Medicine", there were 162 bear-inflicted injuries reported in the United States between 1900 and 1985. This constitutes approximately two reported bear-inflicted injuries per year. Likewise, Stephen Herrero, a Canadian biologist, reports that during the 1990s bears killed people in the U.S. and Canada, or around three people a year, as compared to the 15 people killed every year by dogs. Multiple reports remark that one is more likely to be struck by lightning than to be attacked by a bear when outdoors; around 90 people are killed by lightning each year. However, with the increase in habitat destruction, interactions between bears and humans have increased and one would expect bear attacks to likewise be on the rise.
History of human–bear relationships.
In "Wild Bears of the Worlds", by Paul Ward and Suzanne Kynaston, human contact with bears has existed since the time of the Neanderthals and the European cave bear around 200,000 to 75,000 years ago. There is some evidence of cave bear worship during these early years: between the years 1917 and 1922, Emil Bachler discovered a large stone chest filled with cave bear skulls in the Drachenloch Cave, one of the Wildkirchli; between 1916 and 1922, Konrad Hormann found narrow niches filled with five cave bear skulls. However, at these sites, there have been little evidence of any human presence, and so some scientists have come to regard such discoveries as the result of some natural cause.
Ward and Kynaston go on to report that Cro-Magnon humans, who first appeared nearly 35,000 years ago, show more obvious evidence of cave bear worship in the forms of paintings, sculptures, and engravings; however, there is still some doubt as to whether these works specifically depict the cave bear or the European brown bear.
In the 1900s, bear populations had been decreasing because of increased hunting of bears for sustenance (done mostly by native peoples such as the Inupiat of Alaska and the Inuvialuit of Canada) and for trophy prizes. Polar bear skins became popular as a sign of wealth and prestige, especially in Europe during the Victorian era. Comparatively, the pelts of giant panda, were also highly valued, priced at around 176,000 U.S. dollars.
More recently, laws have been instated to protect the dwindling populations of bears; however, as stated in "Return of the Grizzly" by David Whitman, these laws have increased the tensions between bears and humans. While this allows bear populations to recuperate, it also prevents people from killing bears that have invaded their property and killed their livestock.
Species, and respective aggressiveness.
American black bears.
Unlike grizzly bears, which became a subject of fearsome legend among the European settlers of North America, black bears were rarely considered overly dangerous, even though they lived in areas where the pioneers had settled. Black bears rarely attack when confronted by humans, and usually limit themselves to making mock charges, emitting blowing noises and swatting the ground with their forepaws. However, according to Stephen Herrero in his "Bear Attacks: Their Causes and Avoidance", 23 people were killed by black bears from 1900 to 1980. The number of black bear attacks on humans is higher than those of brown bears, though this is largely because the black species outnumbers the brown rather than their being more aggressive. Compared to brown bear attacks, violent encounters with black bears rarely lead to serious injury. However, the majority of black bear attacks tend to be motivated by hunger rather than territoriality, and thus victims have a higher probability of surviving by fighting back rather than submitting. Unlike grizzlies, female black bears do not display the same level of protectiveness to their cubs, and will seldom attack humans in their vicinity. The worst recorded fatality incident occurred in May 1978, in which a black bear killed three teenagers fishing in Algonquin Park in Canada. The majority of attacks happened in national parks, usually near campgrounds, where the bears had become habituated to human contact and food. 1028 incidences of black bears acting aggressively toward people, 107 of which resulted in injury, were recorded from 1964 to 1976 in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, and occurred mainly in tourist hotspots, where people regularly fed the bears handouts.
Asian black bears.
Though usually shy and cautious animals, Asian black bears are more aggressive toward humans than the brown bears of Eurasia. According to Brigadier General R.G. Burton:
A Dr. E. T. Vere of Srinagar, Kashmir wrote of how his hospital received dozens of black bear victims annually. He wrote that, when attacking humans, black bears will rear up on their hind legs and knock victims over with their paws. They then make one or two bites on an arm or leg and finish with a snap to the head, this being the most dangerous part of the attack. There are no records of predation on humans by Asiatic black bears in Russia and no conflicts have been documented in Taiwan. However, in India, attacks on humans have been increasing yearly and have occurred largely in the northwestern and western Himalayan region. In the Chamba District of Himachal Pradesh, the number of black bear attacks on humans has gradually increased from 10 in 1988–89 to 21 in 1991–92. Recent bear attacks on humans have been reported from Junbesi and Langtang National Park in Nepal, and occurred in villages as well as in the surrounding forest. Li Guoxing, the second person in history to have received a facial transplant, was a victim of a black bear attack. Nine people were killed by black bears in Japan between 1979–1989, and more recently, in September 2009 it was reported that a black bear attacked a group of tourists, seriously injuring four, while they were waiting at a bus station in the built-up area of Takayama, Gifu in central Japan. The majority of attacks tend to occur when black bears are encountered suddenly, and in close quarters. Because of this, black bears are generally considered more dangerous than sympatric brown bears, which live in more open spaces and are thus less likely to be surprised by approaching humans. They are also likely to attack when protecting food.
Brown bears.
As a rule, brown bears seldom attack humans on sight, and usually avoid people. They are, however, unpredictable in temperament, and will attack if they are surprised or feel threatened. Sows with cubs account for the majority of injuries and fatalities in North America. Habituated or food conditioned bears can also be dangerous, as their long-term exposure to humans causes them to lose their natural shyness, and in some cases associate humans with food. Small parties of one or two people are more often attacked than large groups, with no attacks being recorded against parties of more than seven people. In contrast to injuries caused by American black bears, which are usually minor, brown bear attacks tend to result in serious injury and in some cases death. In the majority of attacks resulting in injury, brown bears precede the attack with a growl or huffing sound, and seem to confront humans as they would when fighting other bears: they rise up on their hind legs, and attempt to "disarm" their victims by biting and holding on to the lower jaw to avoid being bitten in turn. Such a bite can be as severe as that of a tiger, and has been known to crush the heads of some human victims. Most attacks occur in the months of July, August and September, the time when the number of outdoor recreationalists, such as hikers or hunters, is higher. People who assert their presence through noises tend to be less vulnerable, as they alert bears to their presence. In direct confrontations, people who run are statistically more likely to be attacked than those who stand their ground. Violent encounters with brown bears usually last only a few minutes, though they can be prolonged if the victims fight back.
Attacks on humans are considered extremely rare in the former Soviet Union, though exceptions exist in districts where they are not pursued by hunters. East Siberian Brown Bears for example tend to be much bolder toward humans than their shyer, more persecuted European counterparts. In 2008, a platinum mining compound in the Olyotorsky district of northern Kamchatka was besieged by a group of 30 Kamchatka Brown Bears that killed two guards and prevented workers from leaving their homes. In Scandinavia, only three fatal attacks were recorded in the 20th century. Due to increasing brown bear population in Turkey, attacks still occur in mountainous areas of Northeastern Turkey.
Native American tribes whose territories overlapped with those of grizzly bears often viewed them with a mixture of awe and fear. North American brown bears were so feared by the Natives that they were rarely hunted, especially alone. When Natives hunted grizzlies, the act was done with the same preparation and ceremoniality as inter-tribal warfare, and was never done except with a company of 4 to 10 warriors. The tribe members who dealt the killing blow were highly esteemed among their compatriots. Californian Indians actively avoided prime bear habitat, and would not allow their young men to hunt alone, for fear of bear attacks. During the Spanish colonial period, some tribes, instead of hunting grizzlies themselves, would seek aid from European colonists to deal with problem bears. Many authors in the American west wrote of Natives or voyagers with lacerated faces and missing noses or eyes due to attacks from grizzlies. Within Yellowstone National Park, injuries caused by grizzly attacks in developed areas averaged approximately 1 per year during the 1930s through the 1950s, though it increased to 4 per year during the 1960s. They then decreased to 1 injury every 2 years (0.5/year) during the 1970s. Between 1980-2002, there were only 2 grizzly bear-caused human injuries in a developed area. However, although grizzly attacks were rare in the back-country before 1970, the number of attacks increased to an average of approximately 1 per year during the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s.
Sloth bears.
In some areas of India and Burma, sloth bears are more feared than tigers, due to their unpredictable temperament. In Madhya Pradesh, sloth bear attacks accounted for the deaths of 48 people and the injuring of 686 others between the years 1989 and 1994, probably due in part to the density of population and competition for food sources. One specimen, known as the Sloth bear of Mysore, was single-handedly responsible for the deaths of 12 people and the mutilation of 2 dozen others before being shot by Kenneth Anderson. Sloth bears defend themselves when surprised, with the majority of confrontations occurring at night. They typically charge on all fours with their head held low, before rearing on their hind legs and striking at their attackers with their claws and teeth.
Natural weapons: human versus bear.
The various species of bears are well-developed for survival, both for attaining food and defending against predators, including unarmed humans. The different species all have the same general physical characteristics and senses that allow them to adapt to situations that threaten their survival.
Fur.
A bear's fur is often very thick, and it can function much like armor. In situations between bears and other predators, such as humans, this thick fur acts with the bear's thick skin and layers of fat as a buffer against most physical attacks, sometimes buffering to some extent even against firearms. According to Charles Fergus' "Wild Guide: Bears", bear fur is also a source of insulation that allows bears to inhabit almost any habitat, from the hot jungles inhabited by sun bears to the frozen tundra inhabited by polar bears, thus occupying most of the same territory as man.
Muscle.
A Bear's muscular structure is highly suited for strength and power. Polar bears are known to swim for miles in search of food and to scoop 450-pound seals out of the water. An analogue to a bear for muscle for its size is a dog, an animal stronger than humans per unit of weight and never bred to sizes of an adult black bear.
Grizzly bears can bring down prey, such as bison or moose, that outweigh the bear by several hundred pounds and can steal kills from entire packs of wolves . Their top speed running on all fours has been reported to be around 40 mph; comparably, Usain Bolt ran at a record-breaking speed of at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Most people are incapable of reaching speeds even remotely close to this number; thus, it is impossible for a human to outrun a bear.
Claws.
Bears have five digits on each dextrous paw, each digit with a long non-retractable claw. The shape of the claw differs between the bear species: black bear claws are strong and curved, which allows them to claw at tree bark; grizzly bear claws are long and straight, ideal for digging, and can be up to six inches long; polar bear claws are thick and sharp for holding the slippery skins of seals.
Jaws.
The jaws of a bear reflect its omnivorous eating habits. A bear has forty-two teeth, with canines up to 1½ inches long. While a bear's canines can pierce flesh and tear meat, a bear's back teeth are relatively flat, better suited for eating plants rather than meat. However, the jaws of bears are controlled by large muscles that are capable of crushing bones, which gives access to the nutritious marrow within. Some grizzly bears have jaws that can bite through pine trees.
Humans in contrast have thirty-two teeth, sixteen on each jaw, each tooth less than a half-inch long. Of these teeth, there are four incisors, two canines, four premolars, and six molars. While human incisors are capable of biting into meat, bears have more powerful jaw muscles, which make their bite more destructive to flesh. More appropriate comparisons to bear dentition are to those of dogs whose teeth are similar in proportion to those of bears (and of course much smaller, although capable of inflicting much damage even at their smaller size).
Other senses and characteristics.
Bears' senses are likely similar to those of dogs, animals that at times have much the same build and dietary habits of bears.
Bears' sense of smell is dependent on a Jacobson's organ, or vomeronasal organ, which allows the bear to easily detect airborne scents. Bears use this sense of smell not only to hunt, but to detect other bears as well; male bears use smell to stay away from other male bears and to find female bears during mating season. Bears have the ability to climb faster than they can run when in pursuit. While humans have a sense of olfaction, or smell, they do not use it for communication or for hunting; its usual range is around 10 square centimeters as compared to a polar bear that can smell a seal from twenty miles away.
Little is known about a bear's hearing, but scientists concluded that it is at least as good as a human's. Some scientists believe that bears may even be able to detect ultrasonic sounds as well.
Natural observers believe that most bear species are near-sighted, which allows bears to forage for small objects such as berries. However, bears are also capable of discerning faraway movements, helping them hunt prey. The Kodiak bear, when compared to other species, appears to have vision comparable to a human (not near-sighted). Experiments show that black bears can see color, unlike many mammals. With scientists still working to determine exactly how perceptive bear eyes are, it is difficult to compare bear eyesight with human eyesight.
Causes of bear attacks.
Almost all recorded bear attacks in the wild have resulted from the human surprising the bear. Hunters are the people most at risk of bear attacks because, as Tom Smith, a U.S. Geographical Survey research biologist, describes, "Hunters typically aren't making any noise, and they sleuth around while wearing camo." Hunters try to be silent and, though many hunters wear reflective clothing so as not to become targets for other hunters, they try to hide their movements so as not to startle game. Most bear attacks result from hunters suddenly appearing in front of them, startling a bear into an instinctive act of aggression.
However, a bear's first reaction upon detecting a human is to run away. Fergus lists a few possible causes for this instinctive reaction, each a speculation or theory based more on intuition rather than physical evidence. Some speculate that bears inherit their cautious nature from thousands of years ago when they had to be wary of larger and more dangerous carnivores. Some believe that bears have come to relate a human presence to firearms, or other weaponry, that they have come to fear. Still others think that hunters tend to target more aggressive bears, thus leaving only the more shy and timid bears to reproduce, creating a population of bears less hostile than before.
Protecting young.
One of the most dangerous situations that lead to bear attacks is when a bear perceives a threat to her offspring. Female bears are very defensive of their young, devoting years of their life just to raise their cubs and teach them to hunt, hence the term "mama bear" to refer to extremely protective mothers of humans. While solo bears will usually retreat, a mother bear protecting her cubs is mostly likely to attack any sudden threat. Black bears present something of an exception to this, however, as mother black bears sometimes urge their cubs to climb trees for safety instead of remaining on the ground to protect their young.
Hunger.
Another dangerous situation is when a human is faced with a hungry bear that has lost its natural fear of humans. With the decrease of hunting grounds and food crops such as berries and bark, bears often become more desperate and aggressive. However, this hunger has also triggered an unexpected reaction: bears began to follow gunshots because they realized that gunshots often result in dead animals that they can eat.
Once a bear claims an animal carcass, it becomes very protective of its kill. This becomes a problem when a bear claims a hunter's kill, as the hunter may not wish to kill the bear as well. By avoiding a bear over a carcass, the risk of attack is reduced by around fifty percent.
Recovery from bear attacks.
Aside from the large lacerations and wounds that can result from bear attacks, infections are also physically detrimental. A bear's mouth is full of potentially harmful bacteria, especially if the bear has been feeding on a gut pile or feces. Bear bites can result in gangrene, the rotting of flesh, which can spread six inches an hour, or crepitus, the grinding of the two sides of a broken bone fracture.
Recovery from bear attacks depends on the extent of damage, but often involves long-term medical treatment. As shown in the medical procedure led by Professor Shuzhong Guo, extreme cases of bear attacks have resulted in plastic surgeries and even facial transplants that, while successful, may take several years to complete.

</doc>
<doc id="20632328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632328" title="2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Championship Round">
2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Championship Round

The CONCACAF Champions League 2008–09 Championship Round began on 24 February 2009. The draw for the Championship Round was held on 10 December 2008. In each round, teams will play their opponent once at home and once away. The four group winners from the Group Stage will play the second leg at home in the Quarterfinals. The order of the home and away matches for the Semifinals and Finals were determined in the draw.
In all rounds, if two teams are tied after both legs the team with the most away goals is the winner. If the two teams are also tied in away goals then two fifteen minute halves of extra time are played. If the two teams are still tied in total goals after extra time, a penalty shootout determines the winner.
Quarterfinals.
The first legs of the Quarterfinals were played from 24 February 2009 to 26 February 2009, while the second legs were played from 3 March 2009 to 5 March 2009.
Second leg.
"Atlante won 4–1 on aggregate."
"Puerto Rico Islanders won 3–1 on aggregate."
"Cruz Azul won 2–0 on aggregate."
"Santos Laguna won 5–4 on aggregate."
Semifinals.
The first legs of the Semifinals were played on 17 March and 18 March 2009, while the second legs were played on 7 April and 8 April 2009.
Second leg.
"Puerto Rico Islanders 3–3 Cruz Azul on aggregate. Cruz Azul won 4–2 on penalties"
"Atlante won 4–3 on aggregate."
Final.
The two-legged Final will be played on 22 April and 12 May 2009. The second leg was originally scheduled for 29 April, but was postponed until 12 May by CONCACAF due to concerns over an outbreak of swine flu in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20632343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632343" title="Ambrosiu Dimitrovici">
Ambrosiu Dimitrovici

Ambrosiu Dimitrovici (July 20, 1838, Chernivtsi - July 3/15, 1866, Chernivtsi) was a Romanian publisher. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20632348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632348" title="SkyScout">
SkyScout

The SkyScout is an electronic astronomical instrument made by Celestron. It is intended primarily as an educational device to help users locate and identify celestial objects.
Device Description.
The SkyScout is a handheld, battery powered device about 7.4" x 4.0" x 2.5", and weighs about 1 pound. It has a viewing port, a 3" x 1" LCD display on the side and several buttons for controlling and selecting device functions.
Operation.
The SkyScout has a 12 channel GPS receiver and orientation sensors that measure location and pointing angle. From an internal database of some 6,000 celestial objects an object is identified simply by centering it in the device's zero-power optical finder and pressing a button. The LCD screen displays the name of the object (star, planet, deep sky object, etc.) and other relevant data. An audio presentation is available via earphones on 200 of the most popular celestial objects.
The SkyScout will also locate an object; the user selects the desired object from the database and red arrows in the viewfinder direct the user to point the viewfinder to the object. The SkyScout also features a "Tonight's Highlights" mode, leading the user through the night's best objects.
Expandability.
The database can be expanded with extra plug-in SD data cards. A USB connection is also provided for online updates of the object database and device firmware.
Price and availability.
The SkyScout was announced at the January 2006 Consumer Electronics Show, and became available in July 2006. It has a retail cost of $675, but is available at prices as low as $250.
Criticism.
Skyscout has been known to scratch easily, and battery life is short at about one-half hour. .
The sensors inside of it were far too twitchy around anything metal and made it difficult to use. The advent of iPhone/Android and associated astronomy apps have somewhat eliminated the need for this device.

</doc>
<doc id="20632351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632351" title="Eton Excelsior Rowing Club">
Eton Excelsior Rowing Club

Eton Excelsior Rowing Club is an amateur rowing club, on the River Thames in England. It is situated on the Berkshire bank of the Thames at Bray, Berkshire, on the reach above Boveney Lock. The club was founded in 1821 and formally established in 1851.
The club, which serves Windsor, Slough and Eton, is an open rowing club for men, women, adults, juniors and veterans. It is affiliated to British Rowing. The club's colours are navy, amber and white. The club hosts an annual "clubs and pubs regatta".
Boathouse.
The club’s original boat house was in King Stable Street in Eton, Berkshire, close to Windsor Bridge. The site was leased from Eton College for 150 years but in the mid-1990s, the College decided to build on the site and the club had to find a new home. For five years the club rented rack space from Eton College at Andrew’s Boat House (also used by the Army) just upstream from Boveney Lock. The club eventually found the present site which was split with Wraysbury Skiff and Punting Club who were also looking for a new site at the time. Wraysbury were able to stay at their existing site and withdrew. Construction was completed in 2001 and Eton Excelsior moved in in September that year.

</doc>
