<doc id="20786506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786506" title="Austrian Society for Railway History">
Austrian Society for Railway History

The Austrian Society for Railway History ("Österreichische Gesellschaft für Eisenbahngeschichte") or ÖGEG is an Austrian society that was formed from a group of railway fans, who had got together around 1971 in order to look after working steam locomotives at the Austrian Federal Railway (ÖBB) depot of Linz.
History.
The society was founded in 1974 in Linz, with the aim of taking into its ownership one of the steam locomotives that it had hitherto cared for, as well as preserving the closed railway line, the "Florianerbahn", as a heritage railway. In the following years the ÖGEG acquired several retired ÖBB locomotives, of which the first one to run again under its own power on ÖBB lines was locomotive ÖBB 93.1455 in 1978. In succeeding years other locomotives were refurbished in the rented ÖBB boiler house at Amstetten, several of them being presented to large numbers of the public in 1987 at the 150th anniversary of the railways in Austria at vehicle parades in Strasshof an der Nordbahn and at vehicle shows.
As early as the 1980s the ÖGEG succeeded in procuring a Class 142 locomotive in Romania. This class was a 214 or 12 built under licence in Romania, the largest and most powerful steam locomotive of Austrian design. It was back in service by 1993. After the collapse of the Iron Curtain, numerous well-preserved German locomotives could be bought, particularly from Romania, but also in the former German Democratic Republic. As a result the society was criticised because funding was used to buy several German locomotives without any connexion to the railway history of Austria. These engines were however used commercially for special services with great success. On the retirement of older locomotives from the ÖBB in the early 1990s the ÖGEG also obtained many electric and diesel traction units.
ÖGEG's historical railway vehicles are in service today on the ÖBB railway network, on Austrian private railways and also abroad.
The Florianerbahn has since been hived off from the ÖGEG and transferred into a separate company.
The ÖGEG has two of its own lines today. It runs a 17 km long section of the Steyrtalbahn from the Steyr branch line station to Grünburg. The line is the oldest narrow gauge railway in Austria and has a rail gauge of 760 mm. It was closed in 1982, but reopened in 1985 as a museum railway. Today the Steyrtalbahn has 8 steam locomotives in its operating fleet.
In 1995 the first specials were run on the former coal railway of the WTK (Wolfsegg Traunthaler) from Timelkam to Ampflwang. After that the "Ampflwanger Bahn" was taken over and is today the ÖGEG standard gauge museum line, ferrying visitors to the railway museum at Ampflwang.
Since 1995 the ÖGEG has also owned the last steam passenger ship of the Austrian Danube shipping fleet, the "Schönbrunn ".
Ampflwang Railway Museum.
The railway museum in Ampflwang im Hausruckwald houses the society’s extensive steam loco collection. It is located in a former WTK coal and steel works at the terminus of the former coal railway. In 2005 the Ampflwang railway museum acquired the turntable of the former Bahnbetriebswerk at Rosenheim as well as the traverser from the former SGP factory at Vienna-Simmering. In addition a new roundhouse was built around the turntable. The railway museum was the venue for the Upper Austrian State Exhibition ("Oberösterreichische Landesausstellung") in 2006 under the motto "Kohle und Dampf" (coal and steam).

</doc>
<doc id="20786509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786509" title="Macintosh Common Lisp">
Macintosh Common Lisp

Macintosh Common Lisp (MCL) is an implementation and IDE for the Common Lisp programming language. Various versions of MCL run under Mac OS (m68k and PPC) and Mac OS X. 
Versions of MCL up to and including 5.1 are proprietary. Version 5.2 has been open sourced.
In 2009 a new different version of MCL has been open sourced: RMCL. RMCL is based on MCL 5.1 and does run under Rosetta on Intel-based Macs.
Features of MCL.
MCL was famous for its integration with the Macintosh toolbox (later: Apple Carbon), which allowed direct access to most of the Mac OS functionality directly from Lisp. This was achieved with a low-level interface that allowed direct manipulation of native Mac OS data structures from Lisp, together with a high-level interface that was more convenient to use.
In a 2001 article in Dr. Dobbs Journal, Peter Norvig wrote that "MCL is my favorite IDE on the Macintosh platform for any language and is a serious rival to those on other platforms".
History of MCL.
Development on MCL began in 1984.
Over its history, MCL has been known under different names:
Running on 68k-based Apple Macintosh Computers:
Running on PowerPC-based Apple Macintosh Computers:
It has also spawned at least one separately maintained fork:

</doc>
<doc id="20786510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786510" title="Arion flagellus">
Arion flagellus

Arion flagellus, common name (in the UK) the "Durham slug", is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to the Iberian peninsula, but has been introduced in various countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20786514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786514" title="2001 Bangladesh census">
2001 Bangladesh census

In 2001, the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics, conducted a national census in Bangladesh, ten years after the 1991 census. They recorded data from all of the districts and upazilas and main cities in Bangladesh including statistical data on population size, households, sex and age distribution, marital status, economically active population, literacy and educational attainment, religion, number of children etc. 
It was collected from January 23–27, 2001. The 2001 census marked an increase in technology to collect the data, with the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics in population census planning taking the initiative to use an Optical Mark Reader (OMR) for transfer of data from source documents (Census Form), directly to electronic media.

</doc>
<doc id="20786524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786524" title="Bottle crate">
Bottle crate

A bottle crate or beverage crate is a container used for transport of beverage containers. In the present day they are usually made of plastic, but before the widespread use of plastic they tended to be made of wood or metal.
Beverage crates began to be made of HDPE in the 1950s.
Such crates can be long-lived. In the 1980s in Sweden, a take-back campaign was organized, when 25-bottle crates were replaced by the more ergonomic 20-bottle crates. Some of the crates returned for recycling had been in use since the 1960s.
Because manufacturers avoid lead-based and cadmium-based pigmentations, in response to legislation and public opinion, they have had to resort to other methods of colouring HDPE crates. In Japan, since the early 1970s, HDPE bottle crates have been pigmented with a variety of perylene, quinacridone, azo condensation, and Isoindoline pigments. Japanese manufacturers have modified these in order to control nucleating behaviour, and have improved weathering performance and impact-resistance properties by making the light-stabilisization systems more efficient.

</doc>
<doc id="20786562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786562" title="Seasons (Bing Crosby album)">
Seasons (Bing Crosby album)

Seasons is a 1977 album by Bing Crosby. The album is particularly significant in that it was the final studio album completed before Crosby's death on October 14, 1977; it was released posthumously, and was marketed with the tagline "The Closing Chapter". In 2010, it was re-released on CD by Collectors' Choice Music, featuring several previously-unrelased bonus tracks.
Personnel.
Recorded at CBS Studios, Whitfield Street, London. September 12,13 & 14 1977 - except for one song "Spring Will Be A Little Late This Year" (also produced by Ken Barnes and arranged by Pete Moore)
Track listing (original album).
Side One: 
1. Seasons 
2. On The Very First Day Of The Year 
3. June In January 
4. Spring Will Be A Little Late This Year 
5. April Showers 
6. June Is Bustin' Out All Over 
Side Two: 
1. In The Good Old Summertime 
2. Summer Wind 
3. Autumn In New York 
4. September Song 
5. Sleigh Ride 
6. Yesterday When I Was Young 
Track listing (2010 re-issue).
1. Seasons
2. On The Very First Day Of The Year 
3. June In January 
4. Spring Will Be A Little Late This Year 
5. April Showers 
6. June Is Bustin Out All Over 
7. In The Good Old Summertime 
8. Summer Wind 
9. Autumn In New York 
10. September Song 
11. Sleigh Ride 
12. Yesterday When I Was Young 
13. Around the Corner
14. If
15. The Singers
16. Lucy Gray (Solitude)
17. The Slaves Dream
18. Feels Good, Feels Right
19. Nevertheless
20. The Only Way to Go
21. Summer Wind
22. The Night Is Young and You re So Beautiful
23. There s Nothing That I Haven't Sung About
24. As Time Goes By
25. Once in a While
Tracks 18-25 taken from Bing's final recording session at the BBC Maida Vale studios, London on 11th October 1977 with the Gordon Rose Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="20786576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786576" title="Marian Plezia">
Marian Plezia

Marian Plezia (1917–1996) was a Polish historian. He was an expert of medieval Polish history and author of a Latin-Polish dictionary and Medieval Latin-Polish dictionary.

</doc>
<doc id="20786592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786592" title="A Couple of Song and Dance Men">
A Couple of Song and Dance Men

A Couple of Song and Dance Men is a 1975 album by Fred Astaire and Bing Crosby. 

</doc>
<doc id="20786599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786599" title="South Meath by-election, 1903">
South Meath by-election, 1903

The South Meath by-election, 1903 was a by-election held on 9 October 1903 for the British House of Commons constituency of South Meath.
The by-election was triggered by the death of the Independent Nationalist Member of Parliament (MP) James Laurence Carew. 
The Irish Parliamentary Party nominated David Sheehy, a former member for Galway South, as its candidate. The former member for this constituency, John Howard Parnell, had lost to Carew in the previous general election due to an oversight which led to Carew being elected unopposed. Parnell was nominated as an Independent Nationalist. Sheehy was elected with more than twice the votes of Parnell.

</doc>
<doc id="20786603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786603" title="Alan S. Thompson">
Alan S. Thompson

Alan S. Thompson is a Vice Admiral in the United States Navy. He retired from the U.S. Navy in November 2011 as the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency. He was in this position since November 2008.
Thompson's previous assignments included duty as Commander of the Defense Supply Center in Columbus, Ohio. Director of the Defense Logistics Agency and Commander of the Naval Supply Systems Command. In addition he also served as Chief of Supply Corps.
External links.
Alan S. Thompson

</doc>
<doc id="20786609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786609" title="Arion owenii">
Arion owenii

Arion owenii is a species of small air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20786619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786619" title="V. Balakumaran (Tamil activist)">
V. Balakumaran (Tamil activist)

V. Balakumaran used to be one of the two top leaders of Eelam Revolutionary Organisation of Students (EROS).
Balakumar used to work in a bank, this made it easy for groups such as LTTE and PLOTE to rob the bank as Balakumar was in favour of Tamil Eelam
In 1990 he and large portion of EROS members left the organization and joined the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE). He is believed to be active in LTTE's political division.
A Tamil Tigers senior leader Balakumaran is reported to have been seriously wounded in an assault by soldiers that had pinned the Tamil rebels down in a small patch of jungle in northeastern Sri Lanka. On January 29, 2009 it was reported that Balakumaran was critically wounded.

</doc>
<doc id="20786635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786635" title="Tadeusz Wojciechowski">
Tadeusz Wojciechowski

Tadeusz Wojciechowski (1838–1919) was a Polish historian, professor, and rector of the University of Lwów (now Lviv, Ukraine; then in the Austro-Hungary). One of the founders of the Polish Historical Society and a member of the Academy of Learning. Medievalist. Deputy to the Austrian Herrenhaus. Buried at the Lychakivskiy Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20786645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786645" title="A Christmas Duel">
A Christmas Duel

"A Christmas Duel" is a special Christmas duet recorded by the Swedish rock band The Hives and American singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper. It was available as a single on November 19, 2008. It debuted at #6 on the Swedish Singles Charts published on December 28, and has since reached a peak at #4. It was released as a vinyl one-sided 7", a CD 5" single, and as download - all in Sweden only.
The song juxtaposes sweet music with nasty lyrics. As for how the collaboration took place, "We came up with the song and we figured it was a duet, and we'd always hoped to do a duet with Cyndi Lauper."
"A Christmas Duel" also appears on "NO HO HO: Alternative Christmas Holiday Anthems" released on November 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20786653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786653" title="Rugby union in Queensland">
Rugby union in Queensland

The earliest known recorded regular Rugby football games in Brisbane commenced in 1876, when the Brisbane Football Club elected to change to Rugby, instead of 'Victorian Rules' (now known as Australian Rules) which it had played since its founding in 1866, to permit competition with the newly formed Rangers and Bonnet Rouge football clubs. The Rugby game continued for three seasons, when clubs reverted to Victorian Rules in 1879.
History of rugby union in Queensland.
Fred Lea, an Englishman educated at Allesley College near Rugby in Warwickshire, arrived in Brisbane in 1878, he was amazed to find that Victorian rules (now called Aussie Rules) was the only form of football being played. 
Lea took up the Victorian game, playing it in 1879-81. However, in 1880 he was able to sway two of the local clubs, Brisbane F.C. (founded 1866) and Wallaroo (1878), to try rugby. Three matches were played between the clubs. 
In the following seasons Brisbane's four football clubs played matches under both codes, though the majority were overwhelmingly Victorian rules games. In the late winter of 1882 the Brisbane F.C. contacted the Sydney Wallaroo club, challenging them to a rugby match. 
When the NSWRU were keen to keep the inter-colony matches going, a NSW team journeyed to Brisbane in 1883. Trained in readiness by Fred Lea, the Queensland team ambushed the visitors and gained a victory over the New South Welshmen. 
The win gave rugby in Brisbane a huge boost, with many footballers wanting to try the code. It was thought that Brisbane's four clubs would simply increase the number of rugby matches for 1884, while still playing Victorian rules as well. 
However, it soon became clear that moves were afoot to form a ‘Queensland Football rules Association’, meaning affiliated clubs could no longer play rugby. With Fred Lea (who would be later called 'The Father of Queensland rugby') actively involved, it was decided to form the Northern Rugby Football Union now named Queensland Rugby Union (QRU). On November 2, 1883, a meeting was held at the Exchange Hotel, in Brisbane and the decision was made to form a rugby association in the Colony of Queensland. The name of the newly founded union the "Northern Rugby Union", was used to distinguish it from the "Southern Rugby Union", which was the governing body of rugby in New South Wales. Enough players aligned with the rugby body to form two clubs.
The decisive blow to Victorian rules came after the decision to make the NSW v Queensland matches an annual fixture, and the visit of a British rugby team in 1888. Teams from New Zealand soon followed. Unable to provide comparable attractions, Victorian rules lost its grip on Brisbane and rugby union quickly spread throughout Queensland to Toowoomba, Rockhampton, Maryborough, Gympie and Charters Towers.
The formation of this new governing body generated large amounts of interest in Queensland. In fact, such was the development of rugby throughout the colony as a result of the formation of the new union, that the prestigious Great Public Schools' Association of Queensland (GPS) changed their main sport from Melbourne Rules to rugby. The top-level rugby competition begun by those schools all those years ago continues to this day.
The year 1893 saw the Northern Rugby Union formally constituted and the name changed to the Queensland Rugby Union. The first organised Brisbane club competition had begun in 1887, but in 1899, an annual challenge trophy competition, the Hospital's Cup was introduced. This trophy is now the Premiership trophy contested by Queensland Premier Rugby clubs.
The first decade of the 20th century brought with it a drop in the fortunes of rugby union in Queensland. The advent of the professional code, rugby league, in New South Wales saw many union players leaving for Sydney to play league and get paid in the process, something which the amateur code of rugby union could not offer. In 1908, the QRU banned its players from going to Sydney to play league, which resulted in disgruntled players forming the Queensland Rugby League. Of particular note was that at this time, league put down strong roots in the bush and in working class communities and these areas are still the heartland of the modern game of rugby league.
In 1913 nine Christian Brothers' College Football Club (Brothers) players represented Queensland in the interstate clash in Sydney and helped the team to a 22 - 21 victory. 
Brothers were such a strong club in these years that they entered two teams "A" & "B" in the senior premiership in 1914 with the teams meeting each other in the Hospital Cup. Both sides were strong and contained internationals and interstate representative players. During these pre war years Brothers also won the inaugural "College" grade competition in 1911. 
World War I, from 1916 to 1918, was almost the final death blow to rugby union in Queensland. Many players went away to war and never returned, and the burgeoning popularity of the professional code saw some major clubs and all the GPS schools switch to rugby league. It seemed that the resultant disbandment of the QRU at the end of the 1919 season, heralded the end of rugby union in Queensland.
However, all was not lost. In 1928, the QRU reformed and the major clubs and GPS schools returned to union as a result of bickering amongst league officials and the Senior Club competition restarted in 1929. World War II saw the game struggle once more, but this time it was strong enough to pull through and rugby union continued to grow. In 1950, the QRU secured the use of Normanby at a nominal rent from the Brisbane Grammar School Board of Trustess. In 1961, the Queensland Junior Rugby Union was formed and 1965 saw the formation of the Queensland Country Rugby Union. And finally, in 1966, the QRU moved to the home of Queensland rugby union, Ballymore.
Having paid a secretary to perform various tasks during the 1960s and 1970s, "Terry Doyle" was appointed as the first chief executive officer of the QRU in 1980. He stayed with the QRU until 1996 and saw the organisation grow from one person to 32 personnel.
From 1980 to 1997, the QRU offices were located underneath the "McLean Stand" at Ballymore. In 1997, the administration arm moved to Mallon Street, in the Brisbane suburb of Bowen Hills. The Reds staff, however, remained at Ballymore and were joined in 1998 by the staff of the "Reds Rugby College". And finally, in 2004, the administration personnel were relocated to the newly built "Rugby House" at Ballymore, bringing the entire organisation back to one location.
Queensland Rugby Today.
Rugby union in QLD has seen extremely high growth since the 2003 Rugby World Cup. 
There are now more than 50,000 players throughout Queensland, including 8,600 seniors, 23,000 regular school players (more than any other state) and over 14,000 junior club players. 
There are 200 clubs throughout the state and more than 235 Queensland schools - with many non-traditional rugby schools adopting the code as well. 
Rugby is held together by the strong and dedicated supporters. More than 8,000 volunteers work tirelessly weekly to support their clubs around the state. 
Queensland Rugby has often been criticised in the recent past, with votes of no confidence against ARU director Gary Flowers being highly publicised. Organisationally, the union has developed a stronger administrative team to help develop all levels of the code throughout Queensland.
In 2006 Queensland Rugby invested almost $3.6m in Community Rugby (including almost $2.5m in ARU grant funding) and provided over $130,000 in complimentary Reds match tickets to schools and clubs.
Queensland Rugby in 2006 finished in debt and had to sack numerous employees to get their bank balance back on track.
Queensland State Team.
Intercolony/Interstate Matches.
The year 1882 saw the first of many intercolony and interstate matches between Queensland and New South Wales rugby union teams. New South Wales took out the inaugural match, 28-4. The following year, Brisbane hosted its first intercolony match, defeating New South Wales 12-11 at the Eagle Farm Racecourse. Today, the Queensland team in Super Rugby, the Queensland Reds, face NSW, ACT, WA and Victoria representative teams home and away each season.
Barraclough Shield.
The Barraclough Shield has been contested annually between the Queensland Suburban Rugby Union (QSRU) and New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union (NSWSRU) since 1966. New South Wales has won the Barraclough Shield on 39 occasions, Queensland five, and with three draws.
The Barraclough Shield was named after Lindley John Forbes (John) Barraclough AM (1926-2005) a former New South Wales MP and stalwart of New South Wales Suburban Rugby.
History of the Barraclough Shield:
1966 - Draw 12-12
1967 to 1971 - NSWSRU
1972 - QSRU 13 d NSWSRU 12
1973 to 1977 - NSWSRU
1978 - Draw 6-6
1979 to 1984 - NSWSRU
1985 - QSRU 22 d NSWSRU 13
1986 to 1991 NSWSRU
1992 - QSRU 18 d NSWSRU 13
1993 to 2005 - NSWSRU
2006 - QSRU 17 d NSWSRU 12
2007 - NSWSRU 33 d QSRU 19
2008 - QSRU 31 d NSWSRU 28
2009 - NSWSRU 41 d QSRU 21
2010 - Draw 22-22
2011 to 13 - NSWSRU
Australian Rugby Championship.
In 2007, the Australian Rugby Championship, a professional competition below Super 14 level, was launched with eight teams throughout the country. Queensland was represented by two sides in this competition:
The ARC, however, proved unsuccessful, losing more than twice as much money as the ARU expected, and was scrapped after only one season.
Competitions.
QLD Premier Rugby.
Queensland Premier Rugby is currently the highest level competition in the state and equivalent to the Tooheys New Cup in NSW. Generally the competition is played for by club sides in Brisbane but currently 2 country regional Unions participate in the competition (Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast). This is viable given their close proximity to Brisbane, but it is hoped that more country Unions will be introduced to Premier Rugby in the future. There are currently ten teams that compete in the annual competition:
Queensland Country Rugby Union.
There are 11 Regional Sub-Unions in the Queensland Country Rugby Union . 
The Regional Championships are played by Representative teams from these three Regional Rugby Unions and this is Queensland Country rugby's equivalent competition to the Queensland Premier competition. 
Each Regional Rugby Union also run their own club competitions during the year. 
NORTH QUEENSLAND RUGBY UNION
CENTRAL QUEENSLAND RUGBY UNION
SOUTH QUEENSLAND RUGBY UNION
Queensland Country Championships
Queensland State Cup.
The Queensland State Cup was as a state wide premier competition in Queensland and involved 16 teams, 9 Brisbane based clubs along with Representative teams from the 6 major Regions of Queensland Country. The competition ran prior to the Queensland Premier Competition. Due to logistical issues the competition has now ceased.
The 9 Brisbane based clubs in the competition were:
The 7 Regional Sub Union sides in the state cup were:
Brisbane Club Rugby.
Club rugby in Brisbane starts at an Under 7 years of age level and goes right up to an open age group level just below the premier level.
Queensland Suburban Rugby Union.
The Queensland Sub-Districts Rugby Union, colloquially known as ""subbies"", was established in 1964 when a total of nine teams
competed for the Sunday Truth Shield which had been donated by Mirror Newspapers. Some of the
teams in the original competition were the Bank of New South Wales, Law Clerks, Commonwealth
Bank and the AMP.
In 1994 the QRU announced a sponsorship package with Coca-Cola which involved the rationalization
of the old "subbies" competition to provide a second tier of rugby behind the main Brisbane
Club Competition. This rationalization involved the targeting of eight strong district/suburban clubs
across greater Brisbane into a new competition to be names the Coca Cola Suburban Rugby Competition.
Teams included in the inaugural Suburban competition included; Beenleigh, Caboolture,
Everton Park, Ipswich, Kenmore, Logan City, Redlands and Wynnum.
Whilst Coca-Cola has moved on and is no longer a sponsor, membership of "subbies" has continued
to grow with a resurgence in corporate sponsored teams as well as a number of school old boys
clubs and university teams entering the competition. In addition the population growth in Brisbane
has resulted in the growth of suburban/district clubs. Currently there are 40 teams, representing
more than 1 300 players as well as volunteers and officials, competing across five distinct competitions.
From a demographic profile 'Subbies' encompasses the Greater Brisbane catchment area
from Redcliffe to the north to Beenleigh in the south, Wynnum in the east and to Ipswich in the
west.
In 2007 a promotion/relegation system was introduced to grade the 5 divisions of QLD Suburban Rugby.
This wide ranging cross section of support reflects the Unions philosophy of providing a community
based recreation opportunity for participants of irrespective ability.
2013 will mark 50 years for the Queensland Suburban / Sub-Districts competition. 
In 2013 QLD Suburban Rugby will be made up of three divisions. They are:
• Division 1 - Barber Cup (First Grade)
• Division 1 - Pegg Cup (Reserve Grade)
• Division 2 - Scotney Cup
• Division 5 - Normanby Cup (Friday Night)
Current Queensland Suburban Barber Cup (Division 1 Clubs) are:
• Wynnum Rugby Union Club
• Ipswich Rugby Club
• Brisbane Irish Rugby Football Club
• Pine Rivers Boars Rugby Union Club
• Redlands Rugby Union Club
• Springfield Rugby Union Club

</doc>
<doc id="20786655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786655" title="Cabra, County Down">
Cabra, County Down

Cabra is a large townland in County Down, Northern Ireland. It is in the parish of Clonduff and is situated approximately two miles from Hilltown, Rathfirland, County Down and Kilcoo. Cabra has a proud tradition of farming, with the three most common farming methods in Cabra being: sheep farming/breeding, crop growing (corn, barley etc.) and cow farming/breeding. 
"Townland stones" have been erected to keep Cabra in touch with its local heritage. Cabra has one primary school, St.Pauls; which has around 65 children attending. Altogether Cabra has around 150 residents living within its boundaries, with a small post office, one church, a community hall and plenty of scenic views for tourists to take in. 

</doc>
<doc id="20786706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786706" title="Nepal Railways">
Nepal Railways

The Nepal Railways Corporation Ltd. (NRC) (reporting mark NR / ने. रे) is owned by the government of Nepal. It maintains and operates two railway lines: a 6 km, line from Raxaul in India to Sirsiya Inland Container Depot or Dry Port near Birganj in Nepal and a 53 km Two foot six inch gauge railways narrow gauge line from Jaynagar in India to Bijalpura in Nepal. The latter line is composed of two sections: 32 km between Jaynagar and Janakpur and 21 km from Janakpur to Bijalpura. The Janakpur line is used largely for passengers and the Sirsiya (Birganj) line only for cargo freight.
History.
Raxaul-Amlekhagunj (Nepal Government Railway (NGR)) and Jayanagar-Janakpur-Bijalpura (NJJR), two short distance narrow gauge railways were introduced in Nepal during the Rana period. The 39 km long NGR built in 1927 by the British was more important as it allowed people from different parts of the country to reach Amlekhganj to get lorries for Bhimphedi. One could then reach Kathmandu from Bhimphedi on foot. Its use was discontinued.
Sirsiya (Birganj) Inland Container Depot.
The 6 km long railway track from Raxaul was converted to by the Indian railways to connect Sirsiya (Birganj) Inland Container Depot (ICD) that became fully operational in 2005. It facilitates direct movement of containers and other cargo from and to Calcutta port and other places in India. It is the most important entry point for imports into Nepal and is the life line of Nepal commerce and trade. Birganj is from Calcutta port by railway.
Future expansion.
Talks have been held to reopen the narrow gauge railway route to Amlekhganj by converting it to under Project Unigauge because of its socio-economic importance and also convert the Jayanagar-Janakpuur railway line to broad gauge with extension to Bardibas.
Nepal has an ambitious expectation for running East-West Railway linking to Kathmandu. Nepal also hopes to have a North-South Railway line to link the railway systems of India and China. Nepal might be integrated with the Asian and SAARC railway systems too. But it might take a longer time and it depends much on the political situation in the region.
A better and direct railway link with the Calcutta and Bombay ports in India is most important for Nepal. Janakpur, Birganj and Bhairahawa are the three suitable points for this purpose. After the extension of board gauge link to Janakpur and Bhairahawa, Birganj will not be able to maintain its present position as the biggest entry point of Nepal. Lumbini-Hetauda-Janakpur section might be the first East-West Railway line in Nepal. These two entry points are not only of tourist value, they might also be the most economical routes for trade with India and overseas.
The Birganj Dry Port was the first in Nepal to be connected by broad gauge link. Biratnagar may be the second such point.
Mahendranagar may also get a similar link.
Construction of an electrical railway in Tarai from Mechi to Mahakali has been considered.
Survey and plans.
RITES of Indian Railways has conducted preliminary surveys for the following broad gauge lines:
These lines can be constructed in near future.
Safety.
The Nepal Railways Corporation has a good safety record. In August 2012 a serious incident occurred when a locomotive ran away, after the driver alighted for refreshment. The unmanned locomotive ran from Jaynagar to Janakpur, at speeds far exceeding the restrictions on the line. At Janakpur staff diverted the light engine onto a disused siding, on which they had placed heavy obstructions. The engine was halted and nobody was injured.

</doc>
<doc id="20786713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786713" title="El Heredero">
El Heredero

El Heredero is the second studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Miguelito. On November 13, 2008 El Heredero won a Latin Grammy Award for Best Latin Children Album.

</doc>
<doc id="20786730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786730" title="Sheng Zhimin">
Sheng Zhimin

Sheng Zhimin (born 1969) is a Chinese filmmaker from Beijing. Unlike other directors to emerge in recent years, Sheng has had no formal training. He instead began his career as a line producer, screenwriter, and assistant director for other filmmakers like Jia Zhangke, Fruit Chan and Zhang Yang. In these positions, Sheng worked on the films "Spicy Love Soup", "Durian Durian", "Public Toilet", and "Platform".
"Bliss".
Sheng's first, and so far only directorial effort was 2006's "Bliss", a family drama set in the central Chinese city of Chongqing.
"Bliss" premiered at the 2006 Locarno International Film Festival where it won the NETPAC award, and had its North American premiere at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival. It also screened at the 2007 Shanghai International Film Festival, where it picked up a best picture prize for the New Talent side-competition.
Influences.
Sheng lists Martin Scorsese's "Raging Bull" and Edward Yang's "Yi Yi" as important influences in his directorial style. He also considers Jia Zhangke, Fruit Chan, and Yasujiro Ozu among his favorite filmmakers.

</doc>
<doc id="20786733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786733" title="HMS Birmingham">
HMS Birmingham

Three ships of the British Royal Navy have been named HMS "Birmingham", after the city of Birmingham in England.

</doc>
<doc id="20786735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786735" title="Euconulus">
Euconulus

Euconulus is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.
Species.
Species within the genus "Euconulus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20786757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786757" title="List of York University people">
List of York University people

This is a list of York University people. It includes notable graduates and faculty of the Toronto, Canada institution, as well as graduates of Osgoode Hall Law School prior to its affiliation with York.

</doc>
<doc id="20786765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786765" title="Princess Marie-Adélaïde">
Princess Marie-Adélaïde

Princess Marie-Adélaïde may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20786773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786773" title="Gary Groth">
Gary Groth

Gary Groth (born 1954) is an American comic book editor, publisher and critic. He is editor-in-chief of "The Comics Journal" and a co-founder of Fantagraphics Books.
Early life.
Groth is the son of a U.S. Navy contractor and was raised in Springfield, Virginia, in the Washington, D.C. area. He read his first comic book in a pediatrician's office.
Career.
Fanzines and Marvel Comics.
Inspired by film critics like Andrew Sarris and Pauline Kael, and gonzo journalists like Hunter S. Thompson, the teenage Groth published "Fantastic Fanzine", a comics fanzine (whose name referenced the Marvel Comics title "Fantastic Four"). For two years, in 1970 and 1971, he organized Metro Con, a comics convention held in Washington, D.C.
Later, after turning down an editorial assistant position at Marvel Comics in 1973, Groth worked briefly as a production and layout assistant at the movie and comics magazine "Mediascene", which was edited by Jim Steranko.
After dropping out of his fourth college in 1974, Groth and his financial partner Michael Catron put on a rock and roll convention that ended in financial failure. Nonetheless, he and Catron dabbled in music publishing with the short-lived magazine "Sounds Fine".
Fantagraphics.
In 1976 Groth founded Fantagraphics Books, Inc. with Catron, and took over an adzine named "The Nostalgia Journal"—quickly renaming it "The Comics Journal". Groth's "Comics Journal" applied rigorous critical standards to comic books. It disparaged formulaic superhero books and work for hire publishers and favored artists like R. Crumb and Art Spiegelman and creator ownership of copyrights. It featured lengthy, freewheeling interviews with comics professionals, often conducted by Groth himself.
Controversy.
Groth's first editorial in "The Nostalgia Journal" #27, began a lengthy feud with Alan Light, founder, and at that time, publisher of "The Buyer's Guide for Comics Fandom".
Groth and Light were friends before Light published Groth's final issue of "Fantastic Fanzine;" Light's expedient business methods met with Groth's disapproval. "Fandom: Confidential", Ron Frantz's history of the WE Seal of approval program (WSA), outlines Groth's confrontations with Light at conventions and via late night collect calls. Light in turn cashed a check for a "Comics Journal" advertisement that he refused to print. Groth acquired a copy of the WSA mailing list, and without authorization, used it to solicit subscriptions; Groth later apologized for what he claimed was a misunderstanding, and soon after broke ties with WSA. In 1983 when Light sold "TBG", a Groth editorial denounced Light. Light's subsequent libel suit against Groth was eventually dismissed.
Groth's 1991 "Comics Journal" editorial "Lies We Cherish: The Canonization of Carol Kalish", which criticized the then-recently deceased former Marvel Comics Vice President of New Product Development for "selling cretinous junk to impressionable children", caused controversy within the industry, including outrage by Kalish's friend and colleague, writer Peter David.

</doc>
<doc id="20786779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786779" title="David J. Bradley">
David J. Bradley

David John Bradley (February 22, 1915 – January 7, 2008) was an American writer, surgeon, politician and champion skier. His best-selling 1948 book "No Place to Hide", a memoir of the Bikini atomic bomb tests, alerted the world to the dangers of radioactive fallout from nuclear weapon explosions. Bradley was elected as a Democrat to the New Hampshire House of Representatives, serving 1955–59 and 1973–75.
Education.
He was a 1938 graduate of Dartmouth College and a graduate of Harvard Medical School. His papers are housed at Dartmouth's Rauner Library. 

</doc>
<doc id="20786802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786802" title="Oyler">
Oyler

Oyler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20786807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786807" title="Mike Garson">
Mike Garson

Mike Garson is an American pianist, most notable for his work with David Bowie, Nine Inch Nails, Billy Corgan, Free Flight, and The Smashing Pumpkins.
Early career.
After graduating from Brooklyn College with a music major in 1970, Garson was a member of rock/country/jazz amalgam Brethren with Rick Marotta, Tom Cosgrove and Stu Woods. They recorded two hard-to-find albums on the Tiffany label, which featured guest piano and liner notes by Dr. John (and album photography by Murray Head, who scored a hit with "Say it Ain't So Joe" and later with the single "One Night In Bangkok").
Garson also earned notice when he played on the "I'm the One" album by early 1970s experimental artist Annette Peacock. Bowie asked Peacock to join him on a tour; she declined, but Garson began an enduring relationship with Bowie.
Work with David Bowie.
Garson gave the piano and keyboard backing on the later Ziggy Stardust tour and his unique contribution to "Aladdin Sane (1913-1938-197?)" gave the song an avant-garde jazz feel with lengthy and sometimes atonal piano solos.
Garson played also for Bowie's bandmate Mick Ronson on his first and last solo tour, and his first album ("Slaughter on Tenth Avenue"). Garson came to replace Ronson as Bowie's musical lieutenant on several occasions. Notably on "We Are the Dead" from the "Diamond Dogs" album, where Garson's metronome like keyboard provides a dramatic setting for Bowie's vocals and on the title track to "Young Americans" where his jaunty piano leads the band. Garson played with Bowie on and off over the years, resurfacing on "The Buddha of Suburbia" album and the ambitious "Outside" album.
Solo career.
Parallel to this work with Bowie, Garson engaged in his own solo career as a jazz pianist, pushing the bounds of his art. He is regarded in the industry as one of the very few 'rock' pianists capable of performing extended piano solos. He remains one of the most highly sought-after session musicians with a unique sound of his own.
In 1993, Garson began a short-lived series of "Screen Themes" albums, jazz renditions of major themes and suites from film scores of 1993, and the following year, 1994. The latter album featured the recording debut of Jessica L. Tivens, at age 13, who had previously appeared on "Star Search". Both albums were released by Discovery Records.
Other collaborations.
Garson worked with the reformed Spiders From Mars in 1975, alongside Mick Woodmansey, Trevor Bolder, Dave Black (guitar) and Pete McDonald (vocals). They recorded one eponymous album in 1976 before going their separate ways.
He joined the Smashing Pumpkins for their "Adore" tour, playing piano, keyboards and synthesizer. His piano playing was an integral part of the Pumpkins' performance. After the tour, he joined Corgan on his solo effort—the soundtrack for the movie "Stigmata". Garson did not perform the song "Le Deux Machina" on the Pumpkins' "Machina II" album, but did play on the corresponding piano section of "Glass and the Ghost Children" off of "Machina/The Machines of God", which was actually excerpts of the version from "The Friends and Enemies of Modern Music" tape. Garson also played on Nine Inch Nails albums "The Fragile" and "With Teeth", as well as with No Doubt and many other acts.
Current work.
Recently Mike Garson appeared on Myspace with his own music site, and to date has released some 50 free tracks. He is currently working on three new albums, as well as collaborating with several bands as touring player/session musician. His latest collaboration shows up on the last "met-on-Myspace" French artist "Kuta"'s album "A Home". Garson also contributed to and received co writing credit on the track "Something Unseen" by Athens, GA power pop band Chris McKay & the Critical Darlings. He has also been collaborating with the Norwegian band Sleepyard. In addition to this, he worked on the writing and recording of two songs on mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan's latest release, "Option Paralysis." He has also worked on several projects with the photographer Alex Boyd, including scoring the soundtrack to the short film "Die Hasenjagd".
In November 2010 he recorded an album of Bowie covers called "The Bowie Variations", which was released in July 2011 as a HDCD. He has also collaborated with James Iha, appearing on his second solo album Look to the Sky (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="20786814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786814" title="APC III">
APC III

The APC III (Advanced Personal Computer) was released by NEC in 1983. An English-speaking market rebrand of the Japanese NEC PC-9801, the APC III was based upon the Intel 8086 processor, with superior specifications to the IBM PC.
The computer was well designed from the ground up, and boasted exceptional reliability. It was advertised to business users.
The unit had an attractive look, and was physically smaller than an IBM-PC. The compact case included two 5" half-height disks (two floppies or one floppy and one hard disk), and ample space for standard options (hard disk controller, additional video memory). Special options (including additional system memory) required using expansion slots, of which four were available.
Comparing the IBM PC to the APC III reveals how the two different architectures were derived. The IBM PC had been fast-tracked in an attempt to crack into the home computer market (reference Project Chess), resulting in a machine that actually looked cobbled together, especially internally. Conversely, the APC was truly engineered and showed NEC's considerable experience in the field of consumer electronics. 
Expansion cards (PCBs) could be inserted without removal of the exterior case, as was required for the IBM PC. Even modern (IBM clone) designs still require removal of the case to add expansion cards.
The entire computer could be disassembled to functional blocks (e.g.: expansion card cage, power supply, disk drive cage) with removal of a few easy access screws. Other components didn't even need a screwdriver, except for the outer case, by using robust plastic clips. The disk cage could be easily further disassembled if required. Despite the easy disassembly, all components of the system were arranged and secured to reduce or eliminate mechanical stress on the electronics.
As with the IBM PC, the maximum usable memory was 640 KB (the address range of the Intel 8088 and 8086 is 1 MB). The APC came with 128 KB standard, as did the IBM PC.
RS-232 serial, 'Centronics' parallel and video interfaces were built onto the motherboard, whereas expansion cards were required for almost every function of an IBM PC except for the CPU, BIOS and built-in RAM. One significant reason behind IBM's separation of functions was reliability - faulty cards, particularly those at high risk of physical or electrical user damage (i.e. serial, parallel, and video) could be easily and individually replaced, at much lower cost than replacing or servicing the whole system board. In addition, this meant that existing, off-the-shelf hardware could be used, reducing costs and contributing to the fast-tracking of the project. Many years later, when manufacturers were producing reliable hardware, serial, parallel, then video and other interfaces migrated back to PC clone motherboards.
Display resolution was exceptional for such a 'low' price computer. Maximum display capabilities were a text mode of 80×25 characters (with four planes) and/or graphics at 640×400 pixels (with two planes). Either text, graphics, or graphics with text overlay were software selectable. The base one bit-per-pixel was easily upgradeable to three bits per pixel (taking the graphics mode from monochrome to either eight colours or eight shades of grey). The computer was capable of running monochrome (or grey) through an NTSC TV monitor, although this was not recommended (text reduced to 40×20, graphics to 640×200). Monochrome (usually green) or colour screens were usually included in the price. The colour screen was exceptionally clear, and gave the impression the resolution was higher than it actually was. The APC III's 'on-board' video controller meant that upgrades (other than internally mounted video memory) could not be achieved, and the display was stuck at 640×400×3.
The expansion bus supported 16-bit-wide data and 20-bit-wide address capability. The original IBM supported an 8-bit data bus with 20-bit address, which was later revised to 16 data bits and 24 address bits in the PC AT.
The motherboard was designed to allow easy addition of an 8087 math co-processor.
Most Australian units were shipped with 720 KB floppy disk drives (80 track, double density), although specifications imply the drives were only 360 KB (40 track, DD). 360 KB disks were readable and writeable by 'double-stepping' the 720 KB drives.
Users could also purchase a hard disk expansion option. This was initially limited to the 10 MB ST-506 hard disks. This capacity could be increased to 20 MB (but no higher) after upgrading to MS-DOS 3.1.
Since it was deemed that no user would ever want to operate a computer without at least one floppy disk drive, the hard disk controller was only configured to operate a single internal hard disk. An external hard disk expansion port was available, but compatible external hard disks were never produced.
Shipped standard with MS-DOS 2.11, other operating systems were available, such as the Unix derivative, PC-UX. Later, MS DOS 3.1 was released for the APC.
The APC III was not compatible with the IBM-PC, either on a hardware level (although some parts were compatible), or a software level (although again, some software was compatible). At the time of introduction, NEC stood a high likelihood of 'winning the war for domination of the home PC market' against IBM. The 'fast-track' strategy that IBM had adopted to get their computer to market first paid off. NEC pursued a formal design process, but even with the efficiency of a company that produced a wealth of consumer products quickly, the launch of the IBM PC was a year ahead of the APC III.
Although technically superior to IBM PCs, and substantially more reliable than clones, it entered the market a little cheaper than a genuine IBM, but substantially more expensive than a PC clone.
The earlier penetration of the market saw PC clones adopt the IBM PC architecture. Both companies were eventually beaten by the rise of the PC clone. In the export markets, NEC fell into line with the 16-bit IBM-AT architecture (aiming again for reliability with the APC-IV), and did not pursue the APC-III architecture any further.

</doc>
<doc id="20786823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786823" title="Friend of the Sea">
Friend of the Sea

Friend of the Sea is a project for the certification and promotion of seafood from sustainable fisheries and sustainable aquaculture. It is the only certification scheme which, with the same logo, certifies both wild and farmed seafood. Friend of the Sea started as a project of the Earth Island Institute, the NGO which operates the successful International Dolphin-Safe project. Some of the main world retailers participate, such as Carrefour Italy, Coop Italia, Eroski, Manor and Finiper. Some important producers also have their products certified.
Compliance and criteria.
Friend of the Sea’s criteria compliance is verified by independent accredited certification bodies. Essential criteria for fisheries are:
Article 30 of the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling of Marine Fisheries Products 
requires that ‘The “stock under consideration” is not overfished, and is maintained at a level which promotes the objective of optimal utilization and maintains its availability for present and future generations, taking into account that longer term changes in productivity can occur due to natural variability and/or impacts other than fishing. In the event that biomass drops well below such target levels, management measures (Code of Conduct Article 7.6) should allow for restoration within reasonable time frames of the stocks to such levels.’ The Friend of the Sea sustainable seafood certification scheme is currently compliant with this article.

</doc>
<doc id="20786828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786828" title="Death row">
Death row

Death row, in English-speaking countries that have capital punishment, is the place, often a section of a prison, that houses prisoners awaiting execution. The term is also used figuratively to describe the state of awaiting execution ("being on death row"), even in places where no special facility or separate unit for condemned inmates exists. After persons are found guilty of an offense and sentenced to death, they remain on death row during appeal and habeas corpus procedures, and if those are unsuccessful, until execution.
Opponents of capital punishment claim that a prisoner's isolation and uncertainty over his or her fate constitute a form of mental cruelty and that especially long-time death row inmates are liable to become mentally ill, if they are not already. This is referred to as the death row phenomenon. In extreme cases some inmates may attempt to commit suicide.
In the United States, prisoners may wait years before execution can be carried out due to the complex and time-consuming appeals procedures mandated in the jurisdiction. The time between sentencing and execution has increased relatively steadily between 1977 and 2010, including a 22% jump between 1989 and 1990 and a similar jump between 2008 and 2009. In 2010, a death row inmate waited an average of 178 months (or close to 15 years) between sentencing and execution. Nearly a quarter of deaths on death row in the U.S. are due to natural causes.
When the United Kingdom had capital punishment, the convicted were given one appeal of their sentence. If that appeal was found to involve an important point of law it was taken up to the House of Lords, and if the appeal was successful, at that point the sentence was changed to life in prison. The Home Secretary in the United Kingdom had the power to exercise the Sovereign's royal prerogative of mercy to grant a reprieve on execution and change the sentence to life imprisonment. In some Caribbean countries which still authorize execution, the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council is the ultimate court of appeals. It has upheld appeals by prisoners who have spent several years under sentence of death, stating that it does not desire to see the death row phenomenon emerge in countries under its jurisdiction.
Haiti continued the conventional 'reprieved if not executed within 90 days' process adopted by Britain before its abolition (Haiti later abolished the death penalty in 1987).
There were 3,125 people on death row in the United States on January 1, 2013. Since 1977, the states of Texas (464), Virginia (108) and Oklahoma (94) have executed the most death row inmates. As of 2010, California (683), Florida (390), Texas (330) and Pennsylvania (218) housed more than half of all inmates pending on death row. As of 2008, the longest-serving prisoner on death row in the U.S.A. who has been executed was Jack Alderman who served over 33 years. He was executed in Georgia in 2008. However, Alderman only holds the distinction of being the longest-serving "executed" inmate so far. A Florida inmate, Gary Alvord, arrived on Florida's death row before Alderman arrived on Georgia's death row and, on 9 April 2013, Alvord had been on death row for exactly 43 years until he passed away on May 19, 2013 from a brain tumor. longer than any other United States death row inmate. The oldest prisoner on death row in the United States was Leroy Nash, age 94, in Arizona. He died of natural causes on February 12, 2010.
Death row locations in the United States.
Notes:
1Naval Consolidated Brig, Miramar is the only facility in the United States Department of Defense designated to house female Level III inmates.<br>
2Last death sentence reversed in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20786837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786837" title="Bella Igla">
Bella Igla

Bella Igla (; ; born June 2, 1985, in Russia) is an Israeli female chess player, holding the title of Woman Grandmaster. In 2004, she won the Israel Women's Chess Championship.
Igla represented Israel in three Chess Olympiads:
Igla started her career at the Russian chess federation, playing in competitions including the Russia Youth Chess Championship at categories U12 and U16. She moved to Israel in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20786850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786850" title="Gigantidas">
Gigantidas

Gigantidas is a genus of large, deepwater, hydrothermal vent mussels, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Mytilidae.
Distribution and habitat.
Species in this genus are found on deep-sea hydrothermal vents on the southern Kermadec Ridge. These mussels form dense beds at these sites.
Description.
The shells of "Gigantidas gladius" are up to 30 cm long. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Gigantidas" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20786863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786863" title="NASA Research and Engineering Network">
NASA Research and Engineering Network

The NASA Research and Engineering Network (NREN) is a nationwide Wide Area Network which connects selected NASA centers and peers with other high-performance network test-beds. It enables NASA scientists, engineers, and researchers to reach their partners within other federal agencies and academia. 
The NREN was initially developed in 1996 and has been upgraded several times. It currently has 10 Gigabits-per-second (Gbit/s) connectivity across the continental United States, primarily to link to the Columbia supercomputer at the NASA Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, California.
In March 2006, NREN developed and implemented a custom wireless networking protocol known as Dynamic Source Routing (DSR). DSR was to be used by field teams and robots to facilitate communication in difficult field conditions.
In September 2006 the NREN was used to develop a high transfer rate application called BBFTP to support GOES 5 operations between Ames and Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC). BBFTP achieved transfer rates as high as 52 Megabytes/sec, and a net transfer of well over 4 terabytes worth of data.
The NREN supported operations of the McGill High Arctic Research Station (MARS).

</doc>
<doc id="20786876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786876" title="Dechra Pharmaceuticals">
Dechra Pharmaceuticals

History.
The Company was founded in 1997 by way of a management buy-out from Lloyds Chemists. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 2000.
In 2007 it bought VetXX, a Danish veterinary products business, for £62m.
Operations.
The Company has two divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="20786889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786889" title="Camilla Thorsen">
Camilla Thorsen

Camilla Thorsen (born 1975) is a Norwegian team handball player who played for the Norwegian clubs IL Bergkameratene, Gjerpen, Tertnes and Nordnes, the German club HC Leipzig, and the Danish clubs Viborg HK and Ikast-Bording. She retired from top handball in 2008.
Thorsen became European champion with the Norwegian national team in 2004. She also played at the 2005 World Women's Handball Championship, where the team finished 9th.

</doc>
<doc id="20786902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786902" title="Layden">
Layden

Layden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20786906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786906" title="Ti i ja">
Ti i ja

Ti i ja is a studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 1975.
Track listing.
lyrics/music

</doc>
<doc id="20786907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786907" title="Relativity Media">
Relativity Media

Relativity Media LLC (sometimes written as RelativityMedia and Relativity) is an American full-scale film studio. It acquires, develops, produces, and distributes films and produces television programs. The company has invested $20 billion to date (in partnership with numerous financial institutions) as of 2012 in entertainment investments with partners such as Citibank, Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank and others. It is headquartered in Beverly Hills, California. It was founded in 2004 by Ryan Kavanaugh.
History.
Relativity Media was founded by Ryan Kavanaugh and Lynwood Spinks in 2004 as a middleman company arranging multi-film slate deals with studios then arranging financial support through banks. Relativity Media would receive film equity, producer's credit and a fee. Initially, Stark Investments, a Wisconsin-based hedge fund, funded the company's single-picture business. By 2007, these investors stopped making movie-finance deals. Elliott Management, a $16 billion New York–based hedge fund run by Paul Singer, then took a minority share of the company plus access to around $1 billion in capital and a revolving credit line.
Investments and partnerships.
On January 4, 2009, Relativity Media acquired the genre label Rogue Pictures from Universal, for $150 million. Relativity oversaw Rogue’s 2009 film offerings, which consisted of "Last House On The Left", "The Unborn", "Come Out Fighting", and "My Soul to Take", as well as more than 30 projects in development. The deal also included the Rogue film library, featuring such films as "Assault On Precinct 13" and "The Strangers". On August 14, 2011, it was reported that Relativity was investing in SkyLand Film & Television Cultural Development Ltd, a China-based production company, signaling new opportunities in the Chinese market. One of the first arrangements was that the movie "21 and Over" was partially filmed in Dongshigu, China. On May 18, 2012, it was reported that Relativity was in talks to buy German producer-distributor Senator Entertainment. In 2010, Relativity Media ventured into India with the help of Asian billionaire Keyur Patel who also owns two major TV Networks and has major investments in India in satellite, theatre chain and media productions.
On July 6, 2010, Relativity and Netflix announced a five-year-plus Pay-TV deal. The first two movies to stream on Netflix were "The Fighter" and "Skyline".
On July 23, 2010 Relativity acquired the 45-person marketing and distribution staff of Starz’ Overture Films, making it a "Mini-Major". The studio distributed its first film on December 3, 2010. "The Warrior's Way" was directed by Sngmoo Lee and starring Jang Dong Gun, Geoffrey Rush and Kate Bosworth. On May 20, 2012, it was reported that Relativity and EuropaCorp signed a co-production and co-financing deal on two movies and Relativity will distribute in U.S. Relativity also has co-production deals with Atlas Entertainment and Virgin Produced.
In September 2011, Robbie Brenner was promoted from Executive Vice President, Production to President, Production.
On November 27, 2011 it was reported Ron Burkle loaned $200 million to Relativity for "Immortals" and "Mirror Mirror".
On January 23, 2012, Burkle purchased a large equity stake in Relativity Media from Elliot Capital Management (which was the second largest shareholder after Ryan Kavanaugh) for at least $800 million. On May 31, 2012 Relativity and Ron Burkle announced they raised $350 million in funding for films and expansion. Ron Burkle will also join the board of Relativity, along with Jason Colodne and Jason Beckman who are partners at Colbeck Capital.
In July 2012, Relativity merged its Rogue Sports, a basketball agency with Maximum Sports Management, a football agency, and SFX Baseball into Relativity Sports. On December 19, Relativity announced a new division Relativity Foreign.
Business.
Relativity Media has four divisions: Relativity Music, Relativity Sports, RelativityReal, and Relativity Foreign; and two subsidiaries: Rogue Pictures and RogueLife.
Relativity (Film).
Relativity’s film production division was its first and remains its largest division. It has been involved in more than 200 films that have accrued more than $17 billion in worldwide box office receipts. Its releases include "The Raven", "Mirror Mirror", "Act of Valor", "Immortals", "Bridesmaids", "Limitless", "The Fighter" and "The Social Network".
RogueLife.
Relativity’s digital studio, RogueLife, produces original web content and builds social and online marketing campaigns for movies and other products. The studio has partnered with YouTube vloggers to produce original video content. Comscore reports that it receives than 65 million unique visitors per month. The network includes ArtistDirect.com and community-driven news site IAmRogue.com.
Sports.
Relativity Sports is a full-service sports agency and one of the four largest in the United States. It represents clients in the NFL, MLB, and NBA. Its clients include Amar'e Stoudemire (New York Knicks), Justin Verlander (Detroit Tigers), Miguel Cabrera (Detroit Tigers), Larry Fitzgerald (Arizona Cardinals), Ty Lawson (Denver Nuggets), Greg Jennings (Minnesota Vikings), David Ortiz (Boston Red Sox), Dwight Howard (Houston Rockets), Ndamukong Suh (Detroit Lions), Mariano Rivera (New York Yankees) and John Wall (Washington Wizards), among others. Relativity Sports currently has more than 400 clients, 25 agents, and offices in 7 states, making it one of the largest independent sports agencies.
RelativityReal.
RelativityReal is currently one of the largest suppliers of reality television, with 70 projects in active production and 27 series currently on the air. Its projects include GSN’s show "The American Bible Challenge", "LOLwork" (Bravo), "Beat the Chefs" (GSN), "Police Women" (OWN), "The Great Food Truck Race" (Food Network), "The Mortified Sessions" (Sundance), "Gigolos" (Showtime), and "Catfish", MTV's biggest premiere to date.

</doc>
<doc id="20786909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786909" title="Gigantidas gladius">
Gigantidas gladius

Gigantidas gladius is a species of large, deepwater, hydrothermal vent mussel, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae, the mussels.
Distribution and habitat.
These mussels are found around deep-sea hydrotherma vents on the southern Kermadec Ridge, New Zealand. They form dense beds in these sites.
Description.
The shells of this species are up to 30 cm long. 

</doc>
<doc id="20786918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786918" title="Seal Island, Anguilla">
Seal Island, Anguilla

Seal Island is a small island off the northwest coast of Anguilla. It is located some two kilometres to the west of the Prickly Pear Cays at 18° 16' N, 63° 9' W, and lies at the centre of the Seal island Reef System Marine Park. The area is popular with scuba divers.

</doc>
<doc id="20786921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786921" title="Ralph R. Beistline">
Ralph R. Beistline

Ralph R. Beistline (born 1948) is an Alaskan United States federal judge.
Born in Fairbanks, Alaska, Beistline received a B.A. from the University of Alaska in 1972 and a J.D. from the University of Puget Sound School of Law in 1974. He was a law clerk to three judges on the Superior Court in Fairbanks from 1974 to 1975, and was thereafter in private practice in Alaska from 1975 to 1992. He was a judge on the Superior Court, Fairbanks, Alaska, from 1992 to 2002. 
Beistline was nominated by President George W. Bush on November 8, 2001, to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Alaska vacated by Hezekiah Russel Holland. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 12, 2002, and received his commission on March 19, 2002.
Sources.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/12/28/ralph-beistline-bp-alaska_n_1171705.html?utm_campaign=122811&utm_medium=email&utm_source=Alert-green&utm_content=FullStory

</doc>
<doc id="20786950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786950" title="Praise Awards">
Praise Awards

The "Worship Leader" Praise Awards are given annually by "Worship Leader" magazine. The awards were created in 2000 to recognize the achievements of worship leaders and innovations furthering Christian praise and worship.
Award categories are:
See also.
Contemporary Christian Music

</doc>
<doc id="20786955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786955" title="Strawberry Peak">
Strawberry Peak

Strawberry Peak () is a prominent peak in the San Gabriel Mountains of Los Angeles County, California. It is located about north of Pasadena, and from Los Angeles, along the Angeles Crest Highway. Strawberry Peak is the tallest of the front range peaks, being three feet higher than nearby San Gabriel Peak. Both can be widely seen from greater Los Angeles and the San Gabriel Valley, and are popular with hikers. Other prominent nearby peaks include Josephine Peak and Mount Wilson. Strawberry Peak was named by mountaineers over a century ago, who felt the peak resembled an enormous upside-down strawberry.
The peak can be ascended on the east side as a trail walk, or from the west as a class 3 scramble.
The area is closed to the public as a result of the Station Fire.

</doc>
<doc id="20786957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786957" title="Bobby Lewis (basketball, born 1945)">
Bobby Lewis (basketball, born 1945)

Robert Franklin Lewis (born March 20, 1945) is a retired American basketball player.
Lewis grew up in Northwest Washington, DC and developed a lot of his skills at the Jelleff's Boys Club in Georgetown,under the tutelage of Joe Branzell.
He played in high school at DC's St. John's College High School, playing for coach Joe Gallagher. 
In his junior year, Lewis averaged 25.4 ppg, scoring a season high 40 vs the Georgetown frosh, and was named first team All Met.
In his Sr year , Lewis was the Daily News SSA Player of the Year, named first team All Met for the second year in a row, and capped it off with an appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show as a Parade Magazine All American for 1963. 
He then played for Dean Smith at the University of North Carolina, where he played an integral role on the 1967 ACC Champion and Final Four team. He averaged 27.4 points per game in 1966, the second-highest single-season average in UNC history. On December 16, 1965, he scored 49 points against Florida State, the most ever for a UNC player. He currently ranks tenth all time in scoring at UNC with 1,836 career points.
He was an All-ACC and All-America selection in 1966 and 1967. Because of his national accolades, Lewis' number 22 was honored by the University of North Carolina and currently hangs in the rafters of the Dean Smith Center. 
He was selected by the San Francisco Warriors in the 4th round (39th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft. He was also selected by the Anaheim Amigos in the 1967 ABA Draft.
He played for the Warriors in the NBA for three seasons and with the Cleveland Cavaliers for one. During his professional career, he averaged 5.8 points, 2.1 rebounds, and 2.2 assists per game.

</doc>
<doc id="20786966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786966" title="Peter Skouras">
Peter Skouras

Peter N. Skouras (born March 21, 1963) is a retired American soccer midfielder who was the "First American Born Professional Soccer player to sign a contract in a European First Division." On December 15, 1984 Skouras signed a first team contract with Greek First Division power Olympiakos Pireaus pioneering the way for American professional soccer players to create careers in Europe and around the world. 
Skouras' professional career in Europe began with the opportunity and exposure provided by the United States Soccer Federation's Youth National Team programs which began in England as a youth professional with Brighton & Hove Albion of the English First Division. Skouras played professionally in both the United States and Greece for over ten seasons.
Player.
In 1978, Skouras was selected by the United States Soccer Federation to participate in the prestigious Montigue, France International (U-15) youth tournament. Coached by Bill Muse and Lothar Osiander and captained by Skouras, the US played two scoreless games against Romania and Portugal before losing 5–0 to France and 1–0 to West Germany.
Upon his return to the United States, Skouras was identified by English 1st Division Club Brighton & Hove Albion, who were on tour in the United States. Brighton manager Alan Mullery offered Skouras a three month trial at Brighton. After signing "apprentice forms" and spending one season with Brighton & Hove Albion's apprentice professional ranks, Skouras' work permit application was denied by the U.K. Home Office.
Peter Skouras returned to the United States and turned professional at the age of sixteen with the California Sunshine of the American Soccer League, making Skouras the youngest native born American professional soccer player of his time. In the fall of 1980 and at the conclusion of the CONCACAF qualifications of which the United States coached by Walt Chyzowich and assisted by Bob Gansler qualified for the Coca-Cola Youth World Cup in Australia, Skouras was once again the youngster on the United States U-20 squad. At the age of 17, Skouras was signed immediately by Ron Newman and the San Diego Sockers of the North American Soccer League making him the youngest native born North American in a league dominated by foreign international stars. Despite a major reconstruction knee surgery, Skouras survived and played two NASL indoor seasons, four NASL outdoor seasons and one Major Indoor Soccer League season with the Sockers while American players were being released on a daily basis.
In 1984 at 21 years of age, the North American Soccer League ceased operations and Skouras made the trip to West Germany to continue his ambitions and living. After multiple trials at Bundesliga clubs, Skouras finally landed a contract with Karlsruhe Sport Club. After observing Skouras, Werner Olk the Karlsruhe manager gave the "green light" for the acquisition of Skouras which officially made Skouras the "First American" to sign a European First Division contract. Ironically and in a matter of days, Skouras was transferred to Greek Super League power Olympiakos Piraeus with the confirmation of former Netherlands and current Manager Georg Keßler and United States National Team Manager Alketas Panagoulias. Skouras spent one year at Olympiakos (December 1984–1985) playing in a few number of matches. However, being selected week in and week out in the squads of 16 was not a simple feat in such a "massive club" as Olympiakos. Returning to the United States in 1986 and signing for a short period with the San Jose Earthquakes of the American Professional Soccer League (APSL), PAOK Thessaloniki of the Greek Super League signed Skouras under the direction of former Dutch National Team Manager Thijs Libregts. Due to Skouras' physical style of play,injuries plagued Skouras throughout his stay in the Greek Sub-Capital. Skouras continued his footballing career in the Greek Super League with Diagoras Rhodes for the 1987-88 season, and in the Greek Second Professional Division with Panseraikos F.C. who in 1988–89 were promoted to the Greek Super League under the technical guidance of Athanasios Dokas. In 1990, Skouras returned to the United States and the Los Angeles Heat of the American Professional Soccer League. After a few number of matches, injury again plagued Skouras with a severely torn hamstring and would bring his playing career to an end. Skouras was 27 years of age.
Coach.
On September 16, 1994, the Buffalo Blizzard of the National Professional Soccer League hired Skouras as head coach. Due to serious health reasons, Skouras stepped down and was replaced by Brian May. Upon his return, in 1994 Skouras assisted the Hellenic Football Federation with "Scouting" data for then National Team Manager Alketas Panagoulias. Additionally, Skouras worked with numerous players both professional and youth on an individual level where fitness was concerned. In 1989, Skouras also "Scouted" for the California Youth Soccer Association-South (CYSA-S) while under the direction of former US National Team Coach, Steve Sampson who implemented a massive youth player identification program in the Southern California area. Skouras possesses his United States Soccer Federation National Coaching License. 
External links.
http://www.rsssf.com/players/foreign-players-in-grk6080.html

</doc>
<doc id="20786984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786984" title="Augustus Barber">
Augustus Barber

Augustus "Gus" Barber (February 21, 1927 – November 21, 2008) was an American businessman and founder of Barber Foods.
Born in 1927 to Armenian parents who fled the Armenian genocide, Barber served in the U.S Army during World War II and later became a ship welder at the Portland docks. In 1955 Barber opened up Barber Beef and Poultry, later to be known as Barber Foods. 
Barber was one of the first meat cutters to offer cut up chicken parts such as legs and thighs while most traders offered whole chickens. In later years the company became kitchen based and had 800 employees. Half of Barber's work force were immigrants, he always had pledged to other people. He offered English lessons to his employees on site. He retired as chairman in 2002. 
Barber died on November 21, 2008 after going into cardiac arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="20786996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786996" title="Alexander Ritter">
Alexander Ritter

Alexander Sascha Ritter (7 June 1833 – 12 April 1896) was a German composer and violinist. He wrote two operas - "Der faule Hans" and "Wem die Krone?", a few songs, a symphonic waltz and two symphonic fantasias. Ritter died in Munich.
Life.
He was born in Narva, Estonia. He studied in Frankfurt am Main under Joachim Raff. In 1854 he married Wagner's niece Franziska (1829-1895). They had a daughter Hertha, who in 1902 became the wife of the Austrian composer Siegmund von Hausegger.
Ritter had a strong influence on Richard Strauss. He persuaded him to abandon the conservative style of his youth, and begin writing tone poems; he also introduced Strauss to the essays of Richard Wagner and the writings of Schopenhauer. He encouraged Strauss to write his first opera Guntram, but was deeply disappointed at the final version of the libretto, which Ritter took to be a rejection of Schopenhauerian-Christian ideals.

</doc>
<doc id="20786998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20786998" title="Unfinished Sky">
Unfinished Sky

Unfinished Sky is a 2007 drama film written and directed by Peter Duncan. It is based on the 1998 Dutch film "De Poolse bruid".
Plot.
The film is a story about an Outback farmer (William McInnes) who takes in an Afghani woman (Monic Hendrickx) after she escapes from a brothel. The film takes on many themes of human trafficking and the sex trade.
Reception.
The film was nominated for 10 Australian Film Institute Awards at its 2008 ceremony. It won three, including Best Screenplay, Best Actress (Monic Hendrickx) and Best Actor (William McInnes).
"Unfinished Sky" was screened at the opening night of the 2008 Dungog Film Festival.
Box Office.
"Unfinished Sky" grossed $966,160 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20787010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787010" title="Arboretum de l'Hort de Dieu">
Arboretum de l'Hort de Dieu

The Arboretum de l'Hort de Dieu is an arboretum located on the southern flank of Mont Aigoual about 39 km north of Le Vigan, Gard, Languedoc-Roussillon, France, at the border of Gard and Lozère. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was created in 1902 by Charles Henri Marie Flahault (1852–1935) and Georges Fabre to help reduce the effects of excessive grazing and timber production. It was planted with spruce, larch, black pine, etc., and is accessible via a hiking path from the "Observatoire de l'Aigoual".

</doc>
<doc id="20787013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787013" title="Euconulus alderi">
Euconulus alderi

Euconulus alderi is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20787014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787014" title="Jussi Halla-aho">
Jussi Halla-aho

Jussi Kristian Halla-aho (born 27 April 1971 in Tampere) is a Finnish Slavic linguist, blogger and a politician for the True Finns party who has become well known for his essays criticising the humanitarian immigration and multiculturalism policies adopted in Finland.
According to the newspaper "Aamulehti", he is the best known political blogger in Finland. Halla-aho was elected to the Helsinki City Council in 2008 and to the Finnish parliament in 2011. He was re-elected to the Helsinki City Council in 2012.
Politics.
Halla-aho was elected a member of Helsinki City Council in the 2008 municipal elections as a candidate of the True Finns party, although he was not a member of the party until 2010. In the 2008 elections, he was the 18th most popular candidate in the entire country and the second most popular candidate of the True Finns party after the party leader Timo Soini. Halla-aho won the largest number of personal votes for the party in
Helsinki.
Halla-aho has stated that he became politically active because finds the Finnish immigration policy a problem and that Europe is heading towards a catastrophe because of massive immigration. Halla-aho supports the welfare state and in respect to the economic policy he places himself on the left side of the political spectrum, even though he has told that if he had to choose between left-wing and right-wing in totality he would choose the right-wing.
Halla-aho was elected into parliament in 2011. His vote share was the sixth highest in the country and the second highest within his party. In the parliament he was made chairman of the Administration Committee, which deals with immigration affairs among other matters. However, in the summer of 2012 Halla-aho resigned from the position of committee chairman. He continues to be a member of the committee.
Halla-aho was re-elected to the Helsinki City Council in 2012, being the 3rd most popular candidate nationwide.
Immigration critic.
Scripta blog.
Halla-aho maintains a blog titled "Scripta" that deals with issues such as ”immigration, multiculturalism, tolerance, racism, freedom of speech and political correctness”. His blog had between 3,000 and 6,000 readers a day in 2008.
Halla-aho has stated that a minority group whose integration has failed everywhere is the Muslims that come from certain parts of the world. As long as the immigrants stick to the cultural characteristics of their countries of origin, their isolation within the society in the destination country is maintained. Therefore their adaptation is not possible which creates problems such as social exclusion and ethnic ghettoisation. He has stated that positive discrimination and privileges due to culture or nationality should not be allowed. According to Halla-aho, criticising "totalitarian fascist ideologies like political Islam" should not be considered racism and that facts cannot be criminalised. According to Halla-aho, immigration is a taboo in Finland. He has disclosed that he has received death threats because of his web columns.
In December 2008, Finnish police began the investigation on Halla-aho for incitement against an ethnic group because of his texts (see section below). The accusation was based on the opinion that given that while immigrant rapists select their victims randomly, he wished that they would select female supporters of multiculturalism, since he believed this would make them recant their political beliefs.
Halla-aho has denied that he is against foreigners. He maintains that he is simply “critical of immigration”. According to Halla-aho he has received positive feedback also from immigrants.
In 2009, Halla-aho published a collection of his web columns titled "Kirjoituksia uppoavasta Lännestä" ("Writings from the sinking West" or "Writings about the sinking West") in print. The book's first edition was sold out in three days.
Trial.
On 27 March 2009, the Helsinki District Court ordered Halla-aho to trial on charges of ethnic agitation as well as breach of the sanctity of religion. The charges arose after Halla-aho posted remarks related to the sentencing of Seppo Lehto on his blog "Scripta". In the course of the remarks, Halla-aho said the prophet Muhammad was a paedophile, and Islam is a religion of paedophilia, because Muhammad had intercourse with his 9-year-old wife and according to Sunnah Mohammed's life is exemplary in every way. He also asked if it could be stated that robbing passersby and living on taxpayers' expense are cultural and possibly genetic characteristics of Somalis. This was stated in sarcastic response to a Finnish columnist that wrote that drinking excessively and fighting when drunk were cultural and possibly genetic characteristics of Finns.
On 8 September 2009, the District Court convicted Halla-aho of disturbing religious worship, and ordered him to pay a fine of 330 euros. The charge of ethnic agitation was dismissed. In October 2010 the Court of Appeal agreed with the District Court's conviction. Both the prosecutor and Halla-aho appealed the case to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court granted a leave to appeal in May 2011. In a sentence given on the 8 of June 2012, the Supreme Court found Halla-aho guilty of both disturbing religious worship and ethnic agitation and increased his fines accordingly.
Controversies.
In September 2011 Halla-aho wrote in Facebook that Greece's debt problems cannot be resolved without a military junta. He soon retracted the comment, clarifying that his intention was merely to point out that making necessary but unpopular decisions is not easy in a democracy. Timo Soini, the leader of the True Finns party, demanded a temporary suspension of Halla-aho from the parliamentary group. In the end the parliamentary group unanimously (Halla-aho himself included) suspended Halla-aho for two weeks, although Soini had initially called for a month-long suspension.
Scientific career.
Halla-aho is a Ph.D., having written his dissertation about historical nominal morphology of Old Church Slavonic. Halla-aho studied at the University of Helsinki from 1995 to 2000. During his post-graduate period (2000–2006) he worked at the Department of Slavonic and Baltic Studies as a researcher and teacher of Old Church Slavic. Halla-aho has published two articles in scientific journals, has been one of the editors selection of papers by linguistics from several countries and written "Old Church Slavic Manual", which is used at the University of Helsinki.
Personal life.
Halla-aho grew up in Tampere. His parents had moved there from Alajärvi. He lived in Tampere for 24 years. During the 1980s he travelled to the Soviet Union with his father who was a bus driver and it was the spark for his anti-leftist convictions. When Halla-aho was young he worked as a waiter. When conscripted, instead of military service he chose civilian service. He later expressed regret at his decision, calling the choice a "stupid political protest", and voicing support for the present conscription system.
Halla-aho lives in Eira in Helsinki with his wife Hilla Halla-aho and their three children. Halla-aho's hobbies include reading J. R. R. Tolkien, astronomy as well as pistol and rifle shooting. He is a member of Suomen Sisu, an association that seeks to promote Finnish nationalism.

</doc>
<doc id="20787037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787037" title="Freak XXI">
Freak XXI

Freak XXI is a Spanish Industrial metal band. To date they have published 4 releases; "El anfitrión", "Semihumanos", "Música Ordenada", and "Re-Cycle", which was self-published. They sing their songs in both Spanish and recently, English. Their style is a mix of synthpunk, and hardcore metal, which the band has described as "industrial electro-punk".
History.
Some of the members originally met in the thrash metal band "Ktulu", forming Freak XXI as a more industrial, post-thrash oriented project. Ktulu has also since turned towards industrial-style music.
Other appearances.
Their song "F.F.B." was featured in the Spanish film Fausto 5.0, a modern take on the Faust legend. It plays during the nightclub scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20787059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787059" title="Uptown Girls (group)">
Uptown Girls (group)

Uptown (also known as Uptown Girls) are an American music group. They were active in the 1980s in Dallas, Texas. 
They recorded an upbeat dance music cover of The Temptation's (I Know) I'm Losing You in 1983 which contained the original version of the song and an instrumental version. The track achieved popularity at Dallas' famed Starck nightclub due to early play by DJ Rick Squillante and became a standard in many U.S. nightclubs, reaching the No. 80 spot on Billboard's Hot 100 in 1987. In 1989, it was re-released with side A containing the Ultimix version and 89 Remix and Side B contained the Bonus Beats and Serious Sirens Mix. 
In 1987, recording under the name of Uptown Girls feat. Jan & Michelle a second single was released. I'm Gonna Love You was released as a 12-inch single which featured on Side A - I'm Gonna Love You (Club Mix 7:57) and I'm Gonna Love You (Radio Mix 3:46). Side B included I'm Gonna Love You (Latin Mix 7:42) and I'm Gonna Love You (Instrumental 7:53). The song was written and produced by Scott Yahney. 
A third 12-inch single was released in 1989 which was a dance cover of Aretha Franklin's "Rescue Me". Side A included the "Rescue Me Vocal" and "Rescue Me Radio Edit". Side B contained the "Rescue Me House Mix" and the "Rescue Me Instrumental".

</doc>
<doc id="20787064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787064" title="Lake Shawnee (New Jersey)">
Lake Shawnee (New Jersey)

Lake Shawnee is a small lake located in Jefferson Township, New Jersey, United States. It outsource is the Beaver Brook, which flows into Lake Hopatcong, New Jersey's largest lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20787079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787079" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 49 (1997)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 49 (1997)

Ballot Measure 49 was a 1997 ballot measure in the U.S. state of Oregon that restricted the kind of lawsuits that could be brought by prison inmates, and allowed the interstate shipment of products made with prison labor.
The measure, referred by the Oregon Legislative Assembly, was an amendment to the Oregon Constitution. It passed with 699,813 votes in favor and 70,940 against.

</doc>
<doc id="20787081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787081" title="Peter G. Harrison">
Peter G. Harrison

Peter George Harrison (born 1951) is a Professor of Computing Science at Imperial College London known for the reversed compound agent theorem, which gives conditions for a stochastic network to have a product-form solution.
Harrison attended Christ's College, Cambridge, where he was a Wrangler in Mathematics (1972) and gained a Distinction in Part III of the Mathematical Tripos (1973), winning the Mayhew Prize for Applied Mathematics.
After spending two years in industry, Harrison moved to Imperial College, London where he has worked since, obtaining his Ph.D. in Computing Science in 1979 with a thesis titled "Representative queueing network models of computer systems in terms of time delay probability distributions" and lecturing since 1983.
Current research interests include parallel algorithms, performance engineering, queueing theory, stochastic models and stochastic process algebra, particularly the application of RCAT to find product-form solutions.
Harrison has coauthored two books, "Functional Programming" with Tony Field, and "Performance Modelling of Communication Networks and Computer Architectures" with Naresh Patel and published over 150 papers.
Harrison is an associate editor of The Computer Journal.
Via Saharon Shelah and Dov Gabbay, Harrison has an Erdős number of 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20787082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787082" title="Bimestrial">
Bimestrial


</doc>
<doc id="20787091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787091" title="Eric Boateng">
Eric Boateng

Eric Yamoah Boateng (born 20 November 1985) is a British professional basketball player. He is a former college basketball player with the Arizona State Sun Devils men's basketball team. He attended high school at St. Andrew's School in Middletown, Delaware. Boateng committed to Duke University out of high school, but transferred after one season to Arizona State. He is also a member of the senior men's Great Britain national basketball team.
High school career.
Eric Boateng attended Ernest Bevin College in Tooting, South London, between 1997-2002, he later attended high school at St. Andrew's School in Middletown, Delaware, where he averaged 19.6 points, 13.6 rebounds and 4.6 blocked shots a game. Boateng was named Delaware high school player of the year by the Delaware Sportswriters & Broadcasters Association, and earned national recognition that included Gatorade State Player of the Year, 4th Team, and garnering the ranking of the 3rd best center for the 2005 recruiting class, behind only Andrew Bynum and Amir Johnson.
Boateng received scholarship offers from Boston College, Georgetown, Michigan, UCLA, Villanova, and Duke. He eventually committed to attend Duke.
McDonald's All American Game.
After his high school career, Boateng was added to the 2005 McDonald's All-American Boys Game roster. Boateng played for the East squad, for whom he grabbed 6 rebounds, and had an assist, in 10 minutes.
College career.
Boateng played four years of NCAA's Division I basketball between 2005 and 2010. After spending his freshman year at Duke, Boateng transferred to Arizona State. Due to NCAA rules, Boateng was forced to sit out a year before playing his final 3 seasons. As a senior, Boateng scored a career-high 24 points on 11-of-11 shooting against Stanford on 25 February 2010, tying school and Pac-10 records for highest field-goal percentage in a conference game, minimum of 10 shots taken. Boateng added six rebounds and three assists.
"He wouldn't let us lose," ASU coach Herb Sendek said. "I'm so happy for him, because he's had an uphill climb to be in this place, to enjoy this moment."
Professional career.
NBA.
After going undrafted in the 2010 NBA draft, Boateng joined the New York Knicks for the 2010 NBA Summer League, where he averaged 3.6 points per game and 3.2 rebounds per game. His performances impressed the Denver Nuggets, who signed him to play in their pre-season squad. Through 5 games with the Nuggets, Boateng averaged 1.6 points per game and 4.2 rebounds per game, including a career high 10 rebounds in a win against the Los Angeles Clippers. He was the last player cut by the Nuggets before the start of the 2010–11 NBA season.
NBA D-League.
Boateng was selected by the Idaho Stampede in the 2010 NBA D-League draft. On February 2, 2011, Boateng was traded to the Austin Toros, in a three team trade. He made his debut for the team on 3 February, playing 11 minutes against the Fort Wayne Mad Ants.
Greece.
In November 2011, Boateng signed with the Greek Basket League team Peristeri. Boateng was sidelined in January 2012 with a calf injury.
Germany.
In 2012, he joined Phantoms Braunschweig of the BBL for the 2012–13 season.
Second NBA stint.
On September 25, 2013, Boateng signed with the Los Angeles Lakers. However, he was waived on October 9.
Argentina.
In late October of 2013, he joined La Unión of the LNB.
International career.
Boateng made his debut for Great Britain against Finland in 2006, maintaining his place in the squad ever since. Boateng began 2011 in great form, winning the MVP of the tri-test series with the Netherlands and Nigeria. He followed this up with some solid performances in the London Prepares Olympic test event, averaging almost 6 points per game against world class opposition. Boateng was then selected to be part of the British national team that competed in the 2011 EuroBasket championship in Lithuania. His best game came at EuroBasket 2011 was a career-high 7 rebounds and 4 points, in 25 minutes against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20787102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787102" title="Karen Mills">
Karen Mills

Karen Gordon Mills (born September 14, 1953) is the 23rd Administrator of the Small Business Administration (SBA), a federal agency which provides small businesses with access to capital and government contracts, counseling and training, and disaster relief. She was nominated by President-elect Barack Obama on December 19, 2008, confirmed unanimously by the Senate on April 2, 2009, and sworn in on April 6, 2009. During her tenure, her office was elevated to the rank of Cabinet-level officer, expanding her power on policy decisions and granting her access to cabinet meetings. On February 11, 2013 Mills announced her resignation as Administrator of the SBA.
Early life.
Mills is the daughter of Ellen (née Rubin) and Melvin Gordon, President and CEO of Tootsie Roll Industries.
Career.
Mills has extensive experience in managing and investing in small businesses. During the 1980s and 1990s, Mills worked with and managed several small manufacturing firms throughout the country, including producers of hardwood flooring, refrigerator motors, and plastic injection molding.
More recently, she served on the board of the Maine Technology Institute, a nonprofit that invests in local technology companies and innovative small businesses.
Before becoming SBA Administrator, Mills served as president of the private equity firm MMP Group, a firm focused on growing businesses in areas such as consumer products, food, textiles, and industrial components. Prior to MMP, she was a founding partner and managing director of Solera Capital, a venture capital firm based in New York City which invested in many women-owned firms, such as natural food producer Annie's.
In 2007, former Maine Gov. John Baldacci appointed her to chair the state’s Council on Competitiveness and the Economy, which was focused on rural and regional development, including a regional "cluster" with Maine’s boatbuilding industry. She also served on the state's Council for the Redevelopment of the Brunswick Naval Air Station.
Previously, she has worked as a management consultant in the US and Europe for McKinsey and Co., and as a product manager for General Foods, and has served on the boards of directors for Scotts Miracle-Gro and Arrow Electronics.
Mills is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and has been a vice chairman of the Harvard Board of Overseers, the older, more consultative, and larger of the two Harvard governing bodies. She was elected in 2014 to fill a vacancy in the Harvard Corporation (the President and Fellows of Harvard College), the University's smaller governing body that is its principal fiduciary authority.
Clustering.
Mills is an advocate for regional industrial clusters—geographic groupings of related industries (such as tech companies in Silicon Valley) that can share resources, ideas, and human capital. In 2005, Mills became involved with the effort to create new jobs following the closing of the Brunswick Naval Air Station. She helped organize the North Star Alliance, a partnership between local boat builders, composite material manufacturers, and researchers at the University of Maine, which has helped increase the global competitiveness of Maine’s boat building and composite industries.
She went on to organize the creation of a specialty foods cluster in Maine, with specialty producers, such as Peak Organic Beer, taking advantage of Maine’s local agriculture. In 2007 she was appointed chair of Maine’s Council on Competitiveness and the Economy, where she focused on attracting investment in regional industries and rural areas of Maine.
Mills authored a paper on the subject of clustering for the Brookings Institution in April, 2008.
US Small Business Administration.
Recently, the agency has gained a high profile under President Obama, who has made small businesses a cornerstone of his effort to revive the economy.
Created in 1953, the Small Business Administration operates in four key areas: access to capital, government contracting, entrepreneurial development, and disaster relief. The SBA’s 7(a) and 504 loan programs offer guarantees on loans to small businesses that aren't able to receive traditional bank loans. They work with federal agencies to ensure that small businesses win 23% of all government contracts. The SBA’s 68 district offices, along with SBA counseling partners such as Small Business Development Centers (SBDCs) and the Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE), offer technical training and counseling for small business owners and entrepreneurs. Lastly, the SBA makes direct, low-interest loans to businesses and individuals that have been affected by natural disasters. On February 11, 2013 Mills announced that she would resign as Administrator of the SBA, with President Obama saying that; "because of Karen’s hard work and dedication, our small businesses are better positioned to create jobs and our entire economy is stronger."
During Karen Mills' term at the SBA, billions of dollars in contracts intended for small businesses went to large corporations. This was named as the top management challenge at the SBA every year Mills was in office. Mills failed to address the problem. 

</doc>
<doc id="20787104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787104" title="Igor Novikov (chess player)">
Igor Novikov (chess player)

Igor A. Novikov (born May 23, 1962) is a chess grandmaster and former Ukrainian chess champion. He has American citizenship and is currently registered with the US Chess Federation who lists him as one of their top players. In October 2008, he had an Elo rating of 2560 and achieved a career highest rating of 2614 in July 1999. He has been listed seven times on the FIDE top 100 chess players in the world.
While living in Brooklyn he won the Marshall Chess Club Championship in 2002. In the United States he has won first place in New York Smartchess International I and II, the 2003 20th Sands Regency Western States Open, the 2003 National Chess Congress, and the 2004 UTD Grand Master Invitational Chess Tournament, while he tied for first at the 1999 World Open, the Chicago Open (2005 and 1998), and at the Foxwoods Open (1999 and 2001). Through his teaching of chess theory he has helped hundreds of chess students in Ukraine and the United States, including International Masters Irina Krush and Alex Lenderman. In Ukraine, during 1988, he taught the under 21 team with International Master Igor Foygel. In 1985, he shared a team medal with his Russian team and won an individual medal playing on 4th board at the World Youth Tournament U26 Team Chess Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20787125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787125" title="Leonid Yatsenko">
Leonid Yatsenko

Yatenko Leonid (; born 25 April 1954) is a Ukrainian physicist, professor, Doctor of Science, Director of The Institute of Physics of the National Academy of Science of Ukraine, corresponding member of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine.
Biography.
Leonid Yatsenko was born on April 25, 1954 in Stepanovka, Zhitomor Oblast in Ukraine (then - one of the republics of the USSR).
In 1970 he entered Kiev National Taras Shevchenko University, Radio physics department.
In 1973 he was selected to be transferred to the Moscow Physical Engineering Institute, which he graduated with honors in 1976. Diploma thesis title: "Nonlinear power resonances in ring gas lasers".
In 1980 obtained Ph.D. (Candidate of Sciences) at the Lebedev Physical Institute, Moscow, Russia with the thesis "The theoretical investigation of macroscopical parameters influence on the characteristics of opticalfrequency standards".
After that moved back to Kiev and started working at the Institute of Physics National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. He's been working there since then and till present time. Married Elena Udovitscka on August 11, 1984. Daughter Julia was born on July 17, 1985. Daughter Olga was born on October 28, 1988. In 1993 obtained academical title of senior research fellow. In 1996 took a doctoral degree (doctor of science) with a thesis "Resonance phenomena in gas lasers". Since 1997 - leading research fellow of the Institute.
Became Ukrainian State Prize Winner of 1998, which was awarded for the work on "Basic physics, development and creation of high-stable laser systems for metrology, analytical measurements and basic research". (see more on Honours and Awards) In 2001 obtained status of professor.1996–present time - various international visits and collaborations. (see Conferences and Collaborations) 2003, Munich - invited talk "Dynamics of Coherent Excitation of Atoms and Molecules: Basic Problems and Applications" at the CLEO/EUROPE-EQEC
Since 06.05.2006- corresponding member of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
In 2008 was chosen to be director of Institute of Physics of the National Academy of Science of Ukraine
Grants.
Principal Investigator of several projects funded by the International Science Foundation, INTAS, the Science and Technology Centre in Ukraine, DFG, NATO–Scientific Affairs Division, and the State Foundation for Basic Research (Ukraine).
Honours and awards.
Ukrainian State Prize of 1998 Winner. The prize was awarded for the work on “Basic physics, development and creation of high-stable laser systems for metrology, analytical measurements and basic research”.
The International Renaissance Foundation's contest “Scientists and Teachers” winner (1998).
Teaching.
Scientific advisor of three PhD dissertations.
Currently scientific advisor of two PhD students and two diploma students.
In 2002 presented of a series of lectures “Coherent effects in the interaction of light with atoms and molecules” to the Radio physics department of the Kiev National Taras Shevchenko University.
Publications.
Monograph (in co-authorship with Danileiko M.V.) “Resonance effects in gas ring lasers”, Naukova Dumka, Kiev, 1994
More than 110 scientific papers (among them 1 in Physical Review Letters and 11 in Physical Review A).
17 patents of the former USSR and of Ukraine.
Most Significant Relevant Publications.
V.S.Voitsekhovich, M.V.Danileyko, A.M.Negriyko, V.I.Romanenko, L.P.Yatsenko. Light pressure on atoms in counterpropagating amplitude-modulated waves. Soviet Physics - Technical Physics 33, 690 (1988)
 V.S.Voitsekhovich, M.V.Danileyko, A.M.Negriyko, V.I.Romanenko, L.P.Yatsenko. Observation of a stimulated radiation pressure of amplitude-modulated light on atoms. Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Physics Letters, 49, 138 (1989).
 V.S.Voitsekhovich, M.V.Danileyko, A.M.Negriyko, V.I.Romanenko, L.P.Yatsenko. Stimulated light pressure on atoms in counterpropagating amplitude-modulated waves. Sov. Phys. Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Physics 72, 219 (1991).
 V.S.Voitsekhovich, M.V.Danileyko, A.M.Negriyko, V.I.Romanenko, L.P.Yatsenko. Pressure of light on atoms in the field of frequency-modulated waves. The Ukrainian Journal of Physics. 36, 155 (1991) (translated from Ukrainskii Fizicheskii Zhurnal, 36, 192 (1991).
 V.S.Voitsekhovich, M.V.Danileyko, A.M.Negriyko, V.I.Romanenko, L.P.Yatsenko. Observation of light pressure on molecules. Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Physics Letters, 59, 381(1994).
 V. I. Romanenko, L. P. Yatsenko. Asymmetry of the scattering amplitude of atoms in the field of short counterpropagating light pulses. Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Physics Lett. 63, 968 (1996)
L. Yatsenko, R. Unanyan, K. Bergmann, T. Halfmann and B.W. Shore, "Population Transfer through the Ionization Continuum using Laser-controlled Stark Shifts", Opt. Comm. 135, 406 (1997).
 V. I. Romanenko, L. P. Yatsenko. Scattering of atoms in the field of counterpropagating light waves. Effect of initial conditions. JJournal of Experimental and Theoretical Physics, 86, 312 (1998)
 V. I. Romanenko, L. P. Yatsenko. Scattering of Atoms in a Bichromatic Field of Oppositely Propagating Light Pulses. Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Physics 90, 407 (2000)
 S. Guérin, L. P. Yatsenko, and H. R. Jauslin. Dynamical resonances and the topology of the multiphoton adiabatic passage. Physical Review 63, 031403(R) (2001).
T. Rickes, L.P. Yatsenko, S. Steuerwald, T. Halfmann, B.W. Shore, N.V. Vitanov, and K. Bergmann, Efficient adiabatic population transfer by two-photon excitation assisted by a laser-induced Stark shift. J. Chem. Phys. 113, 534-546 (2000).
S. Guerin, L. P. Yatsenko, and H. R. Jauslin Dynamical resonances and the topology of the multiphoton adiabatic passage.
Phys. Rev. A 63, 031403R (2001).
K. Böhmer, T. Halfmann, L. P. Yatsenko, B. W. Shore, and K. Bergmann
Stimulated hyper-Raman adiabatic passage. III. Experiment.
Phys. Rev. A 64, 023404 (2001).
M. Cashen, O. Rivoire, V. Romanenko, L. Yatsenko, and H. Metcalf Strong optical forces in frequency-modulated light. Phys. Rev. A 64, 063411 (2001)
N. V. Vitanov, B. W. Shore, L. Yatsenko, K. Böhmer, T. Halfmann, T. Rickes, and K. Bergmann Power broadening revisited: Theory and experiment. Optics Communications, 199, 117-126 (2001).
T. Halfmann, K. Böhmer, L.P. Yatsenko, A. Horsmans, and K. Bergmann Coherent Population Trapping involving Rydberg States in Xenon probed by Ionization Suppression. Eur. Phys. J. D 17, 113-123 (2001).
L. P. Yatsenko, S. Guerin, and H. R. Jauslin Topology of adiabatic passage Phys. Rev. A 65, 043407 (2002)
M. Cashen, O. Rivoire, L. Yatsenko, and H. Metcalf Coherent exchange of momentum between atoms and light.
J. t B: Quantum Semiclass. Opt. 4, 75-79 (2002).
L. P. Yatsenko, V. I. Romanenko, B. W. Shore, and K. Bergmann Stimulated Raman adiabatic passage with partially coherent laser fields Phys. Rev. A 65, 043409 (2002).
L.P. Yatsenko, N.V. Vitanov, B.W. Shore, T. Rickes, and K. Bergmann Creation of Coherent Superpositions Using Stark-Chirped Rapid Adiabatic Passage. Optics Commun., 204, 413-423, (2002).
S. Guérin, L. P. Yatsenko, H. R. Jauslin, O. Faucher, and B. Lavorel Orientation of polar molecules by laser induced adiabatic passage Phys. Rev. Letters, 88, 233601 (2002) .
K. Böhmer, T. Halfmann, L.P. Yatsenko, D. Charalambidis, A. Horsmans, and K. Bergmann, Laser-Induced Continuum Structure in the Ionization Continua of Xenon Atoms. Phys. Rev. A 66, 013406 (2002).
R. Unanyan, S. Guérin, N.V. Vitanov, L. P. Yatsenko, and H. R. Jauslin Adiabatic creation of entangled states by a bichromatic field designed from the topology of the dressed eigenenergies. Phys. Rev. A 66, 032311 (2002)
E.R.Orap, V.I.Romanenko, and L.P.Yatsenko. Light pressure on the atoms in the field of counterpropagating light waves with sinusoidal and stochastic phase modulation. Ukr.Fiz.Zhurn. (Ukrainian Journal of Physics) 48, 211 (2003).
V.I.Romanenko, L.P.Yatsenko, and K.Bergmann Stimulated Raman adiabatic passage and dark resonances in an open three-level Λ-system. Ukr.Fiz.Zhurn. (Ukrainian Journal of Physics) 48, 533 (2003).
N. V. Vitanov, L. P. Yatsenko, and K. Bergmann, Population transfer by an amplitude-modulated pulse.
Phys. Rev. A 68, 043401 (2003).L. P. Yatsenko, B. W. Shore, N. V. Vitanov, and K. Bergmann Retroreflection-induced bichromatic adiabatic passage. Phys. Rev. A 68, 043405 (2003).L. P. Yatsenko, M. Loeffler, B. W. Shore, and K. Bergmann Interferometric Analysis of Nanostructured Surface Profiles: Correcting Material-Dependent Phase Shifts. Applied Optics, 43, 3241-3250 (2004). L. P. Yatsenko, B. W. Shore, and K. Bergmann Theory of a Frequency Shifted Feedback Laser.
Optics Commun., 236, 183-202 (2004).L. P. Yatsenko, B. W. Shore, and K. Bergmann, Ranging and Interferometry with a Frequency Shifted Feedback Laser. Optics Commun., 242, 581-598 (2004).N. Sangouard, S. Guérin, L. P. Yatsenko, and T. Halfmann Preparation of coherent superposition in a three-state system by adiabatic passage. Phys. Rev. A70, 013415 (2004).L. P. Yatsenko, S. Guérin, and H. R. Jauslin Pulse-driven near-resonant quantum adiabatic dynamics: Lifting of quasidegeneracy. Phys. Rev. A70, 043402 (2004). L. P. Yatsenko and H. Metcalf. Dressed-atom description of the bichromatic force. Phys. Rev. A70, 063402 (2004).V. I. Romanenko, Ye.G. Udovitskaya, R.A. Malitskiy, and L.P. Yatsenko Nonlinear effects in the interaction of elliptically polarized laser radiation with the strong absorbing molecular gas. Proc. SPIE, Vol. 5507, p. 377-385 (2004). B. W. Shore, D. Charalambidis, M. Shapiro, P. L. Knight, T. Halfmann, K. Bergmann, L. P. Yatsenko, O. Faucher, S. Cavalieri, and P. LambropoulosComment on "Electromagnetically Induced Quantum Memory" Phys. Rev. Lett. 93, 269301 (2004). R. Garcia-Fernandez, A. Ekers, J. Klavins, L. P. Yatsenko, N. N. Bezuglov, B. W. Shore, and K. Bergmann
Autler-Townes effect in a sodium molecular-ladder scheme Phys. Rev. A 71, 023401 (2005).
R. Garcia-Fernandez, A. Ekers, B. W. Shore, J. Klavins, L. P. Yatsenko, and K. Bergmann Investigation of Autler-Townes effects in sodium dimers.
V. M Akulin et al. (eds.), Decoherence, Entanglement and Information Protection in Complex Quantum Systems. 391-394. 2005 Springer.
L. P. Yatsenko, V. I. Romanenko, B. W. Shore, T. Halfmann, and K. Bergmann Two-photon excitation of the metastable 2s state of hydrogen assisted by laser-induced chirped Stark shifts and continuum structure.
hys. Rev. A 71, 033418 (2005).
R. Garcia-Fernandez, A. Ekers, L. P. Yatsenko, N. V. Vitanov, and K. Bergmann Control of Population Flow in Coherently Driven Quantum Ladders. Phys. Rev. Lett. 95, 043001 (2005).
T. Peters, L. P. Yatsenko, and T. Halfmann. Experimental Demonstration of Selective Coherent Population Transfer via a Continuum. Phys. Rev. Lett. 95, 103601 (2005).
V. I. Romanenko and L. P. Yatsenko Stimulated Raman adiabatic passage in the fields with stochastic amplitude. Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Physics, 101, 788 (2005).
A. A. Rangelov, N. V. Vitanov, L. P. Yatsenko, B. W. Shore, T. Halfmann, and K. Bergmann Stark chirped rapid-adiabatic-passage technique among three states. Phys. Rev. A72, 053403 (2005).
Á. P. Conde, L. P. Yatsenko, J. Klein, M. Oberst, and T. Halfmann,
Experimental demonstration of population inversion driven by retroreflection-induced bichromatic adiabatic passage. Phys. Rev A 72, 053808 (2005).
L.P. Yatsenko, V.M. Khodakovsky, V.V. Ogurtsov, G. Bonnet, B. W. Shore, and K. Bergmann
Frequency Shifted Feedback Lasers. Theory, Experiments and Applications. Proc. SPIE. (accepted), (2005).
X. Lacour, S. Guerin, H. R. Jauslin, N.V. Vitanov, and L.P. Yatsenko Single qubit quantum gates by adiabatic passage with static phases. Optics Commun., (submitted).
V.V. Ogurtsov, L.P. Yatsenko, V.M. Khodakovsky, G. Bonnet, B. W. Shore, and K. Bergmann Experimental Characterization of an Yb3+-doped Fiber Ring Laser with Frequency Shifted Feedback. Optics Commun., (submitted).
V.V. Ogurtsov, L.P. Yatsenko, V.M. Khodakovsky, G. Bonnet, B. W. Shore and K. Bergmann. High accuracy ranging with Yb3+-doped fiber-ring frequency-shifted feedback laser. Optics Commun., (submitted).
M. Heinz, F. Vewinger, U. Schneider, L. P. Yatsenko and
K. Bergmann. Phase control in a coherent superposition of degenerate quantum states
through frequency control. Optics Commun. Special issue on Quantum Control of Light and Matter (accepted).

</doc>
<doc id="20787157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787157" title="Dave Page">
Dave Page

Dave Page (born 1939) is considered the world's leading expert on mountaineering footwear history, as well as an expert cobbler (a hiking boot repairman). He is a former history professor at the University of Washington and is a cobbler based in Seattle, Washington, USA. He has been resoling mountain boots since 1968. He works closely with boot manufacturers worldwide doing a wide range of innovative resoling and repair work. Forensic anthropologists called on Dave Page to help identify the manufacturer of the boots found on the body of George Mallory. Page has made many historic mountain climbing ascents among contemporaries Fred Beckey and other notable cascade climbers of the 20th century; these included ascents in the Himalayas.

</doc>
<doc id="20787188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787188" title="LG Cookie (KP500)">
LG Cookie (KP500)

The KP500 (nicknamed LG Cookie or Cooky in Korea) is a touchscreen mobile phone. LG targeted the entry-level touchscreen market keeping the cost of the KP500 as low as possible by omitting some of the features found on high-end products, such as GPS, 3G or Wi-Fi. For example, in Ireland or Belgium, the KP500 is available for less than €65 in some stores.
The LG KP500 has recorded over two million unit sales worldwide in the five months since its launch in December 2008. It has sold 1.2 million units in Europe, 600,000 units in Asia and emerging markets, and 100,000 in Korea, where LG claims that as of March 2009, it is the most popular handset. 
The phone was originally released in four colors including Black, Vandyke Brown, Anodizing Silver, and Elegant Gold, but is now available in ten colors, most common four are black, white, pink and most recent, purple. LG plans to expand the KP500’s availability from 40 to 60 countries as part of its push to hit 10 million in sales worldwide.
It's using ARM9E CPU at 175 MHz.
Its main feature is a 3-inch, 240 x 400 pixel touchscreen. The KP500 also contains an accelerometer motion sensor with support for auto-rotating display. It has a 3.15 MP Camera with MPEG-4 video capture at 12 frame/s. There is support for video playback up to 29 frames per second. The KP500 has a FM radio with RDS. Other software include a document viewer for DOC, XLS, and PDF formats, and a Java MIDP 2.0 games player. Standby time is up to 350 hours and talk time is up to 3 hours 30 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20787191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787191" title="Mattityahu">
Mattityahu

Mattityahu is a Hebrew first name literally meaning "The gift of God". English renderings include Matthew, Matthias, and Mattathias. Mattithyahu is a variation.
Mattityahu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20787202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787202" title="International Conference on Software Engineering and Formal Methods">
International Conference on Software Engineering and Formal Methods

The International Conference on Software Engineering and Formal Methods (SEFM) is an international academic conference in the field of software engineering.
History.
Until 2002, SEFM was a workshop; it then became a full international conference. It is sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society. The "1st IEEE International Conferences on Software Engineering and Formal Methods" (SEFM 2003) was held at Brisbane, Australia in September 2003. Submissions originated from 22 different countries. As well as IEEE-CS, supporters for SEFM 2003 included the Australian Computer Society (ACS), Boeing Australia, and the Italian Embassy in Canberra.
The proceedings for the conference are published by the Springer Science+Business Media in LNCS since 2011. Previously, the proceedings were published by IEEE.
Aims.
SEFM aims to bring together practitioners and researchers from academia, industry, and government, to advance the state of the art in formal methods, to help in their large-scale application in the software industry, and to encourage their integration with other practical software engineering methods.
The conferences are often held in the Asia and Pacific regions and specifically in developing countries. An important aim of the SEFM conferences is to encourage research cooperation between developing countries and industrialized countries. SEFM 2010 was in Pisa, Italy. SEFM 2013 was in Madrid, Spain. SEFM 2014 takes place in Grenoble, France 
The SEFM conference series is included on the DBLP online publications database. Revised selected papers sometimes appear as special journal issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20787237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787237" title="Aetia">
Aetia

Aetia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20787250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787250" title="Redemption Song (book)">
Redemption Song (book)

Redemption Song: An Irish Reporter Inside the Obama Campaign, is a book by Niall Stanage about the 2008 presidential election campaign of Barack Obama.
It was first published by Liberties Press, Dublin on December 1, 2008, so becoming one of the first books published anywhere to cover the entirety of Obama's campaign. The author is based in New York -- he is a regular contributor to The New York Observer -- but was born and raised in Belfast, hence the Irish reference in the book's subtitle, and its initial release through an Irish publisher. It is distributed in North America by Dufour Editions.
Redemption Song received a generally positive critical reception upon its release, being described as "extraordinary...superbly written" by The Irish News, "terrific... a real insider's account" by the Evening Heraldand "sharp, incisive" by The Sunday Business Post.[4
Pat Rabbitte, the former leader of the Irish Labour Party reviewed Redemption Song for the Irish edition of the Mail on Sunday on December 21, 2008. Awarding the book four stars out of five, he said of the author, "He has written a very fine book, culminating in that magic night in Chicago when the world watched men and women cry as the results came in and hope and history seemed to rhyme." (The last phrase is a reference to a famous poem by Seamus Heaney called 'The Cure at Troy'.)
Redemption Song is broadly sympathetic to Obama. Although it includes some detail about the president-elect's early life, its focus is on the period between Obama's landmark speech to the 2004 Democratic National Convention and his election as president on November 4, 2008. It draws heavily on Stanage's eye-witness campaign trail reporting, including interviews with key Obama advisers, old friends and grassroots volunteers.
Notes.
1. "Race to Press" http://www.politico.com/blogs/bensmith/1208/Race_to_press.html, "Politico.com", 12-01-2008
2. "The Belfast Man and Barack" http://www.irishnews.com/appnews/616/613/2008/12/6/604767_365743123290TheBelfas.html, "The Irish News" (Belfast, Northern Ireland), 12-06-2008
3. "The Fas Show" http://www.herald.ie/opinion/comment/the-fas-show-1560330.html", "Evening Herald" (Dublin, Ireland), 12-03-2008
4. "Obama's Victory Through Irish Eyes" http://www.thepost.ie/post/pages/p/story.aspx-qqqt=BOOKS-qqqm=nav-qqqid=37971-qqqx=1.asp. "The Sunday Business Post" (Dublin, Ireland), 12-07-2008

</doc>
<doc id="20787255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787255" title="John McKinlay (rower)">
John McKinlay (rower)

John D. McKinlay (January 20, 1932 – January 14, 2013) was an American rower and two time Olympian who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia and the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. McKinlay was born in Detroit, Michigan and was the twin brother of oarsman Art McKinlay.
In the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia he and twin brother Art McKinlay along with John Welchli and James McIntosh, won the silver medal as crew members in the four without coxswain event. The McKinlays were the only twins to compete in the 1956 Olympics. John McKinlay was also a member of the 1952 US Olympic Rowing Team (Helsinki, Finland). 
Rowing out of the Detroit Boat Club the McKinlay twins won 6 US Rowing Championships and 8 Canadian Henley Championships. John McKinlay also made the semifinals of the Thames Cup at the Royal Henley Regatta in Great Britain in 1962. McKinlay retired from rowing in 1963 after a 13 year career. He attended and graduated from Boston University where he was captain of the crew. He was inducted into the Boston University Athletic's Hall of fame in 1985. He and the other members of the 1956 Olympic Four were inducted into the US National Rowing Hall of Fame in 1980. The Detroit Boat Club coached by Walter M. Hoover placed 7 members on the 1956 US Olympic Rowing Team winning two Silver medals.

</doc>
<doc id="20787265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787265" title="Art McKinlay">
Art McKinlay

Arthur "Art" Frank McKinlay (January 20, 1932 – August 10, 2009) was an American rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Detroit and was the twin brother of John McKinlay.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the silver medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20787271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787271" title="Mithyuê">
Mithyuê

Mithyuê de Souza Linhares (born October 16, 1989 in Chapecó, Santa Catarina) or simply Mithyuê, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for CSA. He is a former professional futsal player and was capped for Brazil national futsal team. On May 2012, claiming lack of opportunities, he decided to switch back to futsal and is looking for a friendly termination of his contract with Grêmio.
Career.
Futsal career.
Mithyuê was born in Chapecó, and started to play futsal at the age of 6. He became a professional when he turned 17, playing for JEC/Krona in Liga Futsal. He soon became well known in Brazil as the successor of Falcão, the best futsal player in the world. Mithyuê lead his team to a league runner-up campaign, scoring 13 goals, and was named rookie of the year and the best flanks position player, alongside Falcão. Also in 2007, he earned his first cap for the Brazil national futsal team, at age of 17, making him one of the youngest players ever to received a cap. In the 2008 edition of Liga Futsal, he scored eight goals and JEC earned a 7th place.
Moving to football.
Grêmio.
In May 2008, Mithyuê was invited for the retired Brazil international midfielder Paulo César Carpegiani to make a trial in football for Grêmio. He accepted the challenge and signed 3-month trial deal to play for the youth team. Mithyuê's rising in football lead the club to extended his contract and he is expected to play for the first team in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20787296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787296" title="René Guissart (rower)">
René Guissart (rower)

René Jacques Guissart (born September 12, 1929) is a French rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he and his partner Jean-Pierre Souche finished fifth in the coxless pairs event.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the French boat in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20787325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787325" title="Ladislav Josef Čelakovský">
Ladislav Josef Čelakovský

He studied at Charles University in Prague, and from 1860 gave lectures at the National Museum in Prague. In 1880 he attained the chair of botany at the university. In 1877 he became a member of the "Königliche Böhmische Gesellschaft der Wissenschaften" (Czech Royal Society of Sciences).
Čelakovský conducted extensive research involving classification of plants, particularly studies of regional flora from what is now the Czech Republic. He made important contributions on the morphology and physiology of the reproductive organs of Gymnospermae. He described numerous new botanical species, and has a handful of plants named after him, such as "Stipa celakovskyi", "Lathyrus celakovskyi" and "Orchis celakovskyi".

</doc>
<doc id="20787331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787331" title="My Love Is Higher Than Your Assessment of What My Love Could Be">
My Love Is Higher Than Your Assessment of What My Love Could Be

My Love Is Higher Than Your Assessment of What My Love Could Be is the first full-length album from the Athens, Georgia based rock band Harvey Milk. "My Love..." was originally released in 1994 and was out of print for nearly ten years before being re-issued through Relapse Records and Chunklet on CD and vinyl respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20787336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787336" title="Jean-Pierre Souche">
Jean-Pierre Souche

Jean-Pierre Louis Souche (born September 2, 1927) is a French rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Paris.
In 1948 he was a crew member of the French boat which was eliminated in the semi-finals of the coxed fours event.
Four years later he and his partner René Guissart finished fifth in the coxless pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20787344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787344" title="Capercaillie (band)">
Capercaillie (band)

Capercaillie are a Scottish folk band, founded in the 1980s by Donald Shaw and fronted by Karen Matheson. They have seen four of their albums placed in the UK Albums Chart, and continue to perform and record to the present day.
History.
Originating from Argyll, a region of western Scotland, the band is named after the Western Capercaillie, sometimes called a wood grouse, a native Scottish bird. Their first album, "Cascade", was recorded in 1984.
Musical style.
Capercaillie's repertoire includes both traditional Gaelic songs and tunes, as well as modern English-language songs and tunes, composed by other folk writers and musicians, or by members of the band.
The group often adapts traditional Gaelic songs and music using modern production techniques, and often mix musical forms, combining traditional lyrics and tunes with modern techniques and instruments such as synthesisers, drum machines, electric guitar and bass.
Capercaillie's first two albums, Cascade and Crosswinds featured very few modern instruments and the tunes and songs were played in a more traditional arrangement. However beginning with later albums such as Sidewaulk, and the The Blood Is Strong soundtrack, Capercaillie began to experiment with adding funk bass-lines into certain tracks, as well as synthesisers and electric guitar. This fusion style gained Capercaillie chart success in the 1990s, on albums such as Delirium and Secret People (see Chart Success, below) and reached its peak in the albums to the Moon and Beautiful Wasteland, with the remix albums Get Out and Capercaillie being released during this period.
Since the 2000s, Capercaillie have drawn back slightly from the heavy fusion style featured on their albums the 1990s, and their more recent albums from Nàdurra up to At The Heart of It All feature more traditional arrangements and instruments, while still retaining a slight fusion feel, although not to the extremes of their albums of the 1990s.
The opening track from their 2000 album Nàdurra: "Skye Waulking Song"; based on the waulking (working) process which is common to the historic lifestyle of the music's origin, is used in the Edexcel Music GCSE Specification from 2009 onwards as a representation of traditional folk music.
Chart Success.
Their 1992 EP, "A Prince Among Islands", was the first Scottish Gaelic-language record to have a single that reached the Top 40 of the UK Singles Chart, peaking at #39. Another single, "Dark Alan (Ailein duinn)" reached No. 65 in the UK Singles Chart in June 1995.
The album "Secret People" (1993) reached No. 40, and "To the Moon" (1995) peaked at No. 41 in the UK Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20787359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787359" title="Summer Repertory Theatre">
Summer Repertory Theatre

Summer Repertory Theater (SRT) is a complete and extensive practicum in Santa Rosa, California at Santa Rosa Junior College in Sonoma County, California, California's Wine Country. It is a member of North Bay Theatre Group and Theatre Communications Group. SRT, located in the heart of the Sonoma County wine country, one hour north of San Francisco and forty-five minutes east of the beautiful Northern California coast is a well organized professional training program and theatre.
SRT was founded in 1972, by Frank J. Zwolinski, Jr. and is currently led by Artistic Director James Newman. The renowned 11-week theatre program draws statewide participation in a professionally advanced summer theatre and produces over 90 performances of five plays in full rotating repertory. Summer participants include music students, designers, directors and many other creative people from across the U.S.
Professional Training Program.
SRT is a professional training program in all aspects of stage production. The program combines professional directing, design, and production staff with outstanding students in acting, design, technical theater, dance, music, and management. The ensemble mounts five productions, which are performed in full rotating Repertory six days a week beginning in mid June. Company members put theory to the test and learn to work in a professional system. Auditions for the program are held every year in the spring at colleges around the state of California. [http://www.summerrep.com/training.html#whatsplaying]
Stages.
Burbank Auditorium.
The Burbank Auditorium was converted into a theater and named in honour of Luther Burbank, American botanist, horticulturist and pioneer in agricultural science. The Burbank Auditorium is owned by Santa Rosa Junior College. Seating capacity: 618
Santa Rosa High School.
Santa Rosa High School
Publications.
Summer Repertory Theatre is referenced in the interactive picture book, How Does the Show Go On? An Introduction to the Theatre (Disney Publications, 2007). ISBN 1-4231-0088-3 by SRT alum Thomas Schumacher.
Production history.
The 2000s.
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
The 1990s.
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
The 1980s.
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
The 1970s.
1979
1978
1977
Children's Shows:
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972

</doc>
<doc id="20787363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787363" title="Yves Delacour">
Yves Delacour

Yves Delacour (born March 15, 1930) is a French rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the French boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20787370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787370" title="Guy Guillabert">
Guy Guillabert

Guy Guillabert (January 28, 1931 – September 4, 2009) is a French rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a crew member of the French boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20787372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787372" title="Kimball Elementary School">
Kimball Elementary School

Kimball Elementary School is a kindergarten to fifth grade school part of the District of Columbia public school system.
It is located at the corner of Minnesota Avenue and Ely Place S.E.
The brick building was originally built in 1950s has had two additions.

</doc>
<doc id="20787419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787419" title="Jinan Yellow River Bridge">
Jinan Yellow River Bridge

The Jinan Yellow River Bridge (), also known as the "Jinan Yellow River Highway Bridge" (), is a cable-stayed road bridge across the Yellow River in the city of Jinan, Shandong 
Province, China.
The national State Planning Commission authorized the plan to construct the Jinan Yellow River bridge on December 10, 1977. In February 1978, engineers Li Shou () and Wan Shanshan () from the Communication Planning and Design Institute of Shandong Province started to work on the design. In September of the same year, the preliminary design was approved by the Shandong Province construction committee. Test boring at the construction site commenced in July 1978. Work on the bridge proper started officially on December 15, 1978, the bridge assembly was in place by December 1981, and construction was completed on June 30, 1982. Work was carried out by the Communication Engineering Company of Shandong Province. It was supervised by assistant directors Song Ren and Wang Liang as well as assistant commissioner Du Henggan from the department of transportation. The bridge was opened to traffic on July 14, 1982. It was one of the first long-span cable-stayed road bridges in China. The total construction cost was 35,180,000 Yuan RMB. 
By 1990, the daily average traffic volume had reached 14,179 vehicles (for a 24hour period).
The bridge design has a semi-fan arrangement with steel cables and reinforced concrete H-pylons. The bridge has a total of 5 spans with the lengths: - - - - . The deck is wide and deep. The pylons are 68.4 metres tall. Together with the access ramps, the bridge has a total length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20787424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787424" title="Alfred Sageder">
Alfred Sageder

Alfred Sageder (born September 29, 1933) is an Austrian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gramastetten.
In 1956 he and his partner Josef Kloimstein won the bronze medal in the coxless pairs event. He also competed with the Austrian boat in the coxed pairs competition and was eliminated in the semi-finals.
Four years later he won the silver medal with his partner Josef Kloimstein in the coxless pairs event.
At the 1964 Games he was part of the Austrian boat which finished eighth in the coxed pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20787428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787428" title="2002 Stella Artois Championships">
2002 Stella Artois Championships

The 2002 Stella Artois Championships was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Queen's Club in London in England and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. It was the 100th edition of the tournament and was held from June 10 through June 16, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20787429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787429" title="The Wild Girls">
The Wild Girls

The Wild Girls is a children's novel written by Pat Murphy. It won the Christopher Award, as well as the children's category of the 2008 Northern California Independent Booksellers Association Book of the Year Awards.
Plot.
The novel centers around a twelve-year-old girl by the name of Joan who has just moved from Connecticut to a town in California. She figures her time will be miserable until she meets a girl named Sarah, who prefers to be called "Fox" and who lives with her writer father in a rundown house in the middle of the woods. 
Joan and Sarah—Newt and Fox—spend all their spare time outside, talking and fooling around, and soon start writing stories together. When they win first place in a student fiction writing contest, they are recruited for a prestigious summer writing class taught by a free spirit named Verla Volante.

</doc>
<doc id="20787435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787435" title="Farmkids">
Farmkids

Farmkids (styled FARMkids) is a 2007 animated television series about pampered zoo animals accidentally being shipped to a dude ranch. 13 episodes aired in Season 1, and another 13 in season 2.
Episodes.
Series one 2007-2008.
1. Fresh Country Air
2. The K9 Factor
3. Face Off
4. Law and Disorder
5. The Giant Alien Tomato Attack
6. Small Gaseous Planet
7. MooLoo's Big Day
8. Bad TV
9. Bean and Gone
10. Little Farm of Horrors
11. Splat is Back
12. The Old Rooster and the Sea
13. The Legend of One Eyed Jack
Series two 2008-2010.
14. Who's Fooling Who?
15. A Fuss Over Russ
16. Blinded by The Light
17. Long Road To China
18. Mobile Madness
19. Dude Ranch Boot Camp
20. The Biz
21. PapaRATzi
22. Barn 54
23. Beautiful Wild Thing
24. The Unlucky Charm
25. Friends and Festivities
26. The Classroom
DVD release.
In 2008, 3 DVDs were released entitled "Chaos in the Country", "Dude Ranch Boot Camp", and "Hair, Wool, Feathers, and Fur".
Awards and nominations.
As of November 2008, FARMkids and finalists in the Atom Awards for best children's television series.

</doc>
<doc id="20787442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787442" title="Gary Comer">
Gary Comer

Gary Campbell Comer (December 10, 1927 - October 4, 2006) was the founder of mail order clothing retailer Lands' End.
Early life.
Born on the South Side of Chicago in the Grand Crossing neighborhood, Comer graduated from the Paul Revere Elementary School in 1942 and Hyde Park High School in 1946. From 1950 to 1960, he worked as a copywriter at Young & Rubicam in Chicago. After quitting, he traveled around Europe for a year, and then, having been an avid sailor from childhood, he began his own business supplying sailing equipment.
Lands' End.
In the Spring of 1963 Comer founded Lands' End, along with his close friend Robert Halperin, Richard Stearns, and two of Stearns' employees. They started it originally as a retailer of sailing supplies and equipment (based on a mail order equipment business begun a year earlier). Comer served as president through 1990 (including following Lands' End's registration as a public company), when he stepped down from active management. He remained a major shareholder until Lands' End was acquired by Sears in 2002.
Philanthropy.
Comer was a long-time philanthropist, donating money to causes including children's health care, education and the study of global climate change. He opened the Gary Comer Youth Center which houses among other things Gary Comer College Prep, a campus of the Noble Network of Charter Schools. In 2011 the Gary Comer Youth Center and Gary Comer College Prep won the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence silver medal. Comer was a major contributor to the University of Chicago, providing more than $84 million in donations leading to the establishment and expansion of the Comer Children's Hospital at the University of Chicago.
Death.
Comer succumbed to prostate cancer on October 4, 2006, at his home in Chicago surrounded by his family.
Personal life.
Comer and Francie (ne Ceraulo) were married from 1962 until his death. They had two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20787443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787443" title="Josef Kloimstein">
Josef Kloimstein

Josef Kloimstein (November 1, 1929 – November 15, 2012) was an Austrian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Rufling.
In 1956 he and his partner Alfred Sageder won the bronze medal in the coxless pairs event. He also competed with the Austrian boat in the coxed pairs competition and was eliminated in the semi-finals.
Four years later he won the silver medal with his partner Alfred Sageder in the coxless pairs event.
At the 1964 Games he was part of the Austrian boat which finished eighth in the coxed pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20787455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787455" title="Frank D'Amelio">
Frank D'Amelio

Frank D’Amelio is a former U.S. soccer defender who played one season in the North American Soccer League, one in the American Soccer League and the 1980-1981 indoor NASL season. He later coached for over two decades on the collegiate, high school and youth club levels.
Player.
D'Amelio was born in Italy, but moved to the United States at some point during his early youth. He grew up on Long Island, New York and attended Baldwin High School. He began college at Adelphi University in 1976. He took a year off to play for the U.S. U-21 national team in 1977 then returned to college at the University of Evansville. He spent the 1978 and 1979 seasons with the Purple Aces. He was inducted into the Evansville Athletic Hall of Fame in 1992. In 1980, the Philadelphia Fury selected D'Amelio in the first round of the North American Soccer League's college draft. He played eight games for the Fury. In the fall of 1981, he moved to the Fort Lauderdale Strikers and played the 1980-1981 NASL season before being released. He then moved to New York United for the 1981 American Soccer League season. United went to the championship game where it fell to the Carolina Lightnin'. He retired from playing professionally at the end of the season.
Coaching.
D'Amelio began his coaching career as an assistant coach with Evansville in the fall of 1980 as he finished his bachelors degree in languages. In 1982, he coached the Reitz Memorial High School soccer team to the semifinals of the Indiana State championship. However, it was an unpaid position and D'Amelio was making a living as a construction worker with Traylor Brothers Construction Company. In March 1983, his brother and sister were able to get him a position as a blackjack dealer in Las Vegas at a considerable increase in salary compared to his construction work. He lived in Nevada for only a year or two before moving to East Rockaway, New York where he worked for KLM. He also played at the amateur level and was an assistant coach with Baldwin High School. In 1993, he returned to Las Vegas. In 1998, he became an assistant coach at UNLV, a position he held for eight seasons. In 2003, he became the head coach of the Las Vegas Strikers in the National Premier Soccer League. The Strikers folded following the 2006 season. He also coached at Valley High School. In 2006, he coached the Las Vegas Toros in the National Alliance Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="20787474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787474" title="William Mays">
William Mays

William Mays is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20787477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787477" title="Kafr Sabt">
Kafr Sabt

Kafr Sabt () was a Palestinian Arab village of nearly 500 situated on a sloping plain in the eastern Lower Galilee located southwest of Tiberias.
History.
While Palestine was part of the Roman Empire, Kafr Sabt was known as Kafar Shabtay. Arab geographer al-Muqaddasi mentions the village in 985, while under Abbasid rule as being "between Tiberias and Ramla, situated near 'Akabah (the Pass above) Tiberias. He says that it belonged to Caesarea and was large, populated, and had a mosque on its main street. 
The Crusaders called it "Cafarsset" when they conquered the Levant in the twelfth century. Saladin led his Ayyubid army from the Jordan River to Kafr Sabt, approximately from his camp along the Sea of Galilee. Kafr Sabt, located on a high plateau bordering the Horns of Hattin, served as a strategic position for Saladin's army since there he could threaten Tiberias to the rear, Sepphoris in the front, the Crusader lines of communications between the two strongholds, and his army could easily retreat down the slopes if necessary. He encamped in Kafr Sabt before he led his army to their decisive victory at the Battle of Hattin. Arab geographer Yaqut al-Hamawi passed through the village in the thirteenth century while Kafr Sabt was in Ayyubid hands.
Kafr Sabt was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in 1517, and by 1596, it was under the administration of the "nahiya" ("subdistrict") of Tiberias, part of Sanjak Safad. A population of 160, it paid taxes on wheat, barley, cotton, beehives, and goats. In the late nineteenth century, it grew to be a stone-built village with 300 inhabitants. Under the British Mandate of Palestine from 1922 to 1948, Kafr Sabt housed members of the Bedouin tribe of 'Arab al-Mashariqa who lived in tents. In 1945, the population reached 480, and all of the villagers were Arab Muslims. Agriculture was the main economic sector with the primary crops being grain and fruit orchards.
During the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, Kafr Sabt's inhabitants fled on April 22, as a direct result of the capture of Tiberias, four days before, to the Haganah — the army of Israel. In 1949, two Jewish settlements, Ilaniya and Sharona feuded over possession of Kafr Sabt's lands, with the former arguing that they deserved compensation for early Arab attacks on their town, while the latter also had designs for it, and took it by force. The Agriculture Minister of Israel intervened ordering Sharona's farmers to retreat. According to Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi, 
Piles of stone and stone terraces provide the main indications that the village once occupied the site. Cactuses and a few scattered trees grow among the rubble on the village site. The lands around the site are planted in grain, fruit trees, and almond trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20787491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787491" title="Murray Riley">
Murray Riley

Murray Stewart Riley (born 5 October 1925) was a NSW police officer who became an Australian rower before becoming involved in the Australian organised crime scene.
Australian Rowing Champion.
Riley participated in the double scull (rowing) events at the Empire Games with Merv Wood, who later became NSW Police Commissioner, in 1950 and 1954, winning Gold for Australia. He also competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics, winning Bronze in 1956.
In 1952 he and his partner John Rogers were eliminated in the semi-final repechage of the 1952 Summer Olympics - Men's double sculls event.
Life as a NSW Police Officer.
Riley and Wood, his olympic double sculls rowing partner, met in the NSW Police Force which Riley had been a member since 1943.
As a young police officer, Riley met with, and was mentored by, unscrupulous senior officers like Ray "Gunner" Kelly and Fred Krahe. 
By the early 1950s Riley was associating with members of criminal networks, which included Ray Smith, a poker machine distributor, and Lennie McPherson, a Sydney gangster. Because of these associations, Riley was subject to disciplinary charges and resigned from the force in 1962.
Life of Crime.
Later, he became a convicted drug smuggler, he started using some his connections with the American organised crime which lived in Sydney, Australia to gain entrée to the US underworld.
He was once photographed with Sal Amarena of the Santos Trafficante mafia family on a trip to San Francisco. Riley also had links with the Teamsters and Mafia through associations with Rudy Tham.
Some people believe that Riley’s drug activities were financed by the Central Intelligence Agency with the help of their CIA front the Nugan Hand Bank which allowed him to import and export Australian Cannabis and then Heroin from the far east and the U.S using false-bottomed suitcases.
In 1978, during a joint NSW Police and Narcotics Bureau operation, Riley was caught unloading around 2.7 tonnes of cannabis from boat parked on the NSW North Coast. For his part in the crime, Riley received 10 years imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="20787512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787512" title="Tanioka">
Tanioka

Tanioka is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20787536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787536" title="List of accolades received by No Country for Old Men">
List of accolades received by No Country for Old Men

"No Country for Old Men" is a 2007 American film that was a multiple award winner in categories that ranged from Best Picture to technical awards for editing, cinematography, and production design. The directors, Joel and Ethan Coen, who also served as the producers, film editors and screenwriters, were nominated in Best Director, Best Editing (under the pseudonym of Roderick Jaynes), and Best Adapted Screenplay.
The film was nominated for eight Academy Awards, winning four, including Best Picture, and was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards, winning two at the 65th Golden Globe Awards. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival, and received a Screen Actors Guild nomination for "Outstanding Performance by a Cast". The film was nominated for nine British Academy Film Awards (BAFTA), winning in three categories. The film won top honors at the Directors Guild of America Awards for Joel and Ethan Coen.
"No Country for Old Men" received recognition from numerous North American critics' associations, including New York Film Critics Circle, Toronto Film Critics Association, National Board of Review, New York Film Critics Online, Chicago Film Critics Association, Boston Society of Film Critics, and San Diego Film Critics Society. The American Film Institute listed it as an AFI Movie of the Year for 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20787555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787555" title="Pat Costello">
Pat Costello

Bernard Patrick "Pat" Costello, Jr. (born March 12, 1929) is an American rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Detroit, Michigan and is the cousin of Paul Costello.
In 1952 he and his partner Walter Hoover were eliminated in the semi-final repechage of the double sculls event.
Four years later he won the silver medal with his partner Jim Gardiner in the double sculls competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20787605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787605" title="Jim Gardiner (rower)">
Jim Gardiner (rower)

James "Jim" Arthur Gardiner (born October 25, 1930) is an American rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Detroit, Michigan.
In 1956 he and his partner Pat Costello won the silver medal in the double sculls event.

</doc>
<doc id="20787617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787617" title="1-Chloronaphthalene">
1-Chloronaphthalene

1-Chloronaphthalene is an aromatic compound. It is a colorless, oily liquid which may be used to determine the refractive index of crystals by immersion.
This toxic, nonpolar organochlorine compound is sometimes used as a powerful biocide, and is also known as Basileum. It occasionally serves as insecticide and fungicide in the timber floors of shipping containers, where it fulfills the same role as chlordane. 

</doc>
<doc id="20787638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787638" title="Alessandro Barbero">
Alessandro Barbero

Alessandro Barbero (born April 30, 1959) is an Italian historian, novelist and essayist. 
Barbero was born in Turin. He attended the University of Turin, where he studied literature and Medieval history. He won the 1996 Strega Prize, Italy's most distinguished literary award, for "Bella vita e guerre altrui di Mr. Pyle gentiluomo". His second novel, "Romanzo russo. Fiutando i futuri supplizi", has been translated into English as "The Anonymous Novel. Sensing the Future Torments" (Sulaisiadar 'san Rudha: Vagabond Voices, 2010). Its critical success in Italy has been repeated in Britain: Franco Cardini wrote in "Il Giornale", "Barbero uses the diabolic skills of an erudite and professional narrator to seek out massacres of the distant and recent past. "The Anonymous Novel" concerns the past-that-never-passes (whether Tsarist or Stalinist) and the future that in 1988 was impending and has now arrived". Allan Massie wrote in "The Scotsman", ""If you have any feeling for Russia or for the art of the novel, then read this one. You will find it an enriching experience," and Eric Hobsbawm wrote in "The Observer", "The Anonymous Novel: Sensing the Future Torments, from a new publisher, Vagabond Voices, situated on the Isle of Lewis, is a vivid novel about Russians coping with the transition from communism to capitalism and combines echoes of Bulgakov with elements of a thriller." 
Barbero is the author of "The Battle", a highly regarded account of the Battle of Waterloo, which has been translated into English. Other histories he has written which have been translated into English include "The Day of the Barbarians", the story of the Battle of Adrianople, and "Charlemagne: Father of a Continent".
Barbero is not only a novelist and historian, but also a hyperactive commentator and organiser on the Italian cultural scene: he is currently a member of the Management Committee of the Premio Strega and the Editorial Committee of the magazine Storica; he writes for the literary and cultural pages of Il sole - 24 ore and La Stampa, and regularly appears on the television programme Superquark and radio programme Alle otto della sera. He is the editor of Storia d'Europa e del Mediterraneo, which is published by Salerno Editore.
In 2005, the Republic of France awarded Barbero with the title of "Chevalier de l'ordre des Arts et des Lettres".

</doc>
<doc id="20787661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787661" title="Heavyweight Dub Champion">
Heavyweight Dub Champion

Heavyweight Dub Champion is a music and art collective founded in Gold Hill, Colorado in 1997 by Resurrector & Patch. Heavyweight Dub Champion, also known as HDC, is rooted in electronic music, but they create their unique style by using real and acoustic instruments fused with synthetic and electronic elements. In 2005, they relocated to San Francisco, but the members of their constantly rotating lineup also come from New York, Australia and the UK. Denver's Westword Magazine describes their music as "a shamanistic wall of hip hop dubtronica" and the magazine awarded their debut album "Survival Guide For The End of Time" with the editors pick for Best Local Recording in 2003. HDC is perhaps best known for their live performance, in which they use a massive amount of vintage and electronic gear to perform what they call "Sonic Shamanistic Alchemy". The LA Weekly says, "The main HDC aesthetic is a cooled-out groove... Their genius is the great virtue of ’70s dub: never overdoing it."
Membership.
The band lineup of Heavyweight Dub Champion, for both studio albums and live performance, is an ever changing organic unit. The only person always involved in every aspect is co-founder Resurrector. Both Studio albums are produced by Resurrector and Patch. The debut album, "Survival Guide For The End of Time", incorporates contributions from a vast array of artists, including A.P.O.S.T.L.E., Stero-Lion, Wailer B, Elon, Emcee Vill, J Criminology, Totter Todd, Jack Ruby Jr., DJ Hot Daddi 36-O, and others. Since the release of "Survival Guide" the membership has expanded to include Jillian Ann, Lady K, Dr. Israel, Elf Tranzporter, DJ Illnaughty, Dakini Star, Noah King, Sasha Rose and 2009's "Rise of the Champion Nation" includes album appearances by KRS-ONE and Killah Priest. In addition to musical performance, HDC often collaborates live with visual artists such as Unstoppable One, Jher 451, King Mob and Free Speech TV. “We have all kinds of artists on our album and it doesn’t matter if they’re white, black, Australian, or whatever – everyone’s tied together by the same spiritual message,” says Resurrector.
Formation & History.
Heavyweight Dub Champion was founded in Colorado in the Spring of 1997 by Resurrector and Patch after the demise of "Roots Revolt", a Boulder, Colorado Reggae/Hip hop band from 1995–1997 of which they and others in HDC were members. While in Gold Hill, "They hunkered down in a sonic laboratory – a log cabin equipped with an outhouse and no running water – and began to shape their music. Eventually, they conceived a kind of soundtrack for their shared end-time scenario: a heavyweight knockdown between the Last Champion and the forces that threaten to imprison the planet," says Westword Magazine. Resurrector described their roots, "In Gold Hill, we were so close to the natural course of existence... Our band is based on cosmic relationships, and it really helped to create the rhythm of our music.” Today Heavyweight Dub Champion is known for using a large amount of analog and digital gear on stage, similar to the Chemical Brothers, but in the beginning, they weren't into electronic music. As Resurrector puts it in a 2007 interview, "At first there were no electronic instruments involved. We weren't very interested in electronic music in those days... Using this old 4-track we started making all these beats with the essential focus on rocking and shaking interdimensional spirit beings." A focus of the Heavyweight Dub Champion experience, as described by former lead vocalist A.P.O.S.T.L.E. (an acronym for Ascending Power Over Secular Territories Liberating Earthlings), who joined the group in 1998, "is trying to present a new paradigm of how people view spirituality. We're trying to evoke a spiritual experience.the manager is sean leonard "
"Survival Guide For The End of Time".
In 2002, HDC released their debut album, "Survival Guide For The End of Time"- "an ill-bent mix of industrial apocalyptic hip-hop dubtronica" that "aims to topple the foundations of modern-day Babylon" as well as offering "prescriptions for survival and victory in a tension-filled time." The album was recorded and mixed in Colorado and Los Angeles and "can safely be called a concept album". As described by Resurrector, "Survival Guide" "relates to the coming of the Last Champion, an interdimensional spiritual warrior, who is bringing people together throughout the world to try to elevate consciousness in a way that will focus people on the healing of themselves and the healing of the world, and help put people in a more offensive position." "Survival Guide" has an ambitious package including the band's credo, "Last Champion Manifesto", a 70 page booklet "detailing their mission of 'Unconditional Liberation of the Human Race,'” a poster by Jher 451 and sticker of their "protector" logo. As described by Denver's Westword Magazine, "Structurally, the record moves from the announcement of the battle to the rallying calls of the Last Champion's chosen army – followers who unite to liberate individuals and the Earth – to the eventual announcement of the Last Champion as a victor in the championship against predators who have put a stranglehold on humanity's innate desire to creatively seek truth, beauty, pleasure and power." The album's manifesto has chapters which follow the story, or the album could be seen as the soundtrack to the book.
"Rise Of The Champion Nation".
Heavyweight Dub Champion's follow up album (a "limited edition" was released at shows in Fall of 2008) includes guest appearances and endorsements from KRS-ONE, who states in the title track, "Heavyweight Dub Champion restores all hope", Killah Priest and Brooklyn Dub pioneer Dr. Israel, in addition to the familiar cast of A.P.O.S.T.L.E. and others. The project was mixed by Bill Laswell's veteran engineer Oz Fritz and is mastered by industry favorite Brian Gardner. The album is conceptual following "the Warrior" from the "Arrival", through "Warrior Divination One, Two" and "Three", to emerge as "King Of The Mountain" and the eventual journey ends with "Promised Land". Throughout the album the character of Emcee Vill is again beckoned to by "N.A.F. Agents" while on his quest to infiltrate Champion Nation and assassinate the Last Champion. Pop Matters describes the album as using "socially conscience and spiritual weapons of words to tell a story whose central plot leads to a philosophical and spiritual revival and a genuine awakening of the human spirit... (with) an apocalyptic and epic cinematic soundtrack." Reviewed by Derek Beres in the Huffington Post, he calls the album "A conversion, the ending of an era, a new dawn". He goes on, "Their hope might feel bitter to the taste, but only because they are correctly reflecting reality. By the glean of their astute and painstaking cultural observations, we are invited to join into their dance. It may require we pound our fists and wave our heads—their trance is fitful, not wistful... this band does achieve greatness." Music Connection Magazine describes the album as "A consortium of prophets heralding our doomed planet."
Collaborations.
In 2006, prominent West Coast Breaks DJ Bassnectar remixed "Arrival" from then not yet released "Rise" album. It features vocals from KRS-ONE, A.P.O.S.T.L.E. and Stero-Lion. The track was included on Bassnectar's Om Records release"Yo" EP as well as his double full length "Mesmerizing the Ultra" released by Organic Records. In 2008, New Zealand native Freq Nasty remixed "Snared" featuring vocals from Stero-Lion for an album benefiting his "Water Of Life" campaign for giveback.net- a project to bring water to communities in Ethiopia. Both HDC and Freq Nasty performed at 2008 Harmony Festival which backed the project. The album also includes tracks from Damian Marley, Cheb i Sabbah, and others. In an interview, Resurrector described the band's intention behind doing the project, "our collaboration with FreQ Nasty is an example of musical power in action, as a means to bring life and abundance to a people and a region. With Heavyweight Dub Champion, we focus our musical energies on bringing life and abundance to the human spirit from within... The power of music can generate real momentum that leads to action in all sorts of ways and contributing our musical energy and experience to the "Water of Life" is just a very small step towards using it as a positive Earth-changing force." In 2011, dubstep artist Liquid Stranger released two Heavyweight Dub Champion collaborations on his Interchill release "Arcane Terrain". In 2011, Resurrector did an all analog "redub" of Kraddy's "Into The Labyrinth" EP which will be released sometime late in 2012 or early in 2013. 
Live Performance.
HDC has gained notoriety by appearing in prime slots in prominent West Coast Festivals including Reggae Rising, Lightning In A Bottle Festival, Monterey Bay Reggae Festival, Joshua Tree Music Festival, EmergNsee Festival, Earthdance Festival, Symbiosis Gathering, Stilldream Festival, Raggamuffins Festival Shambhala Music Festival, Summer Circus, Harmony Festival/Techno Tribal, and the Headline slot at the last Reggae On The River. In addition, 2007 brought HDC to some of Europe's better known festivals as well including Eurockeennes and Furia Sound Festival in France and Fusion Festival in Germany. Their live performance is often referred to as "The Liberation Process"... in the words of Marquee Mag, "Using complex musical alchemy, the core members... aim to liberate the human race completely through the power of sound vibration." The performance itself consists of some live music elements combined with pre recorded instruments and sequences generated exclusively at HDC's own Champion Nation Studios. HDC prides itself in incorporating originally recorded material only and uses over 50 instruments when laying foundation for album and live material. They have stated that the intention is to bring people into a trance-like state that resembles a "de-zombification process that will, according to Resurrector, 'create a space for a new sort of psychology that will welcome helpful spirits that will, if you call them, come to assist you'". They have titled some of their live performances "Operation Raise The Dead". "It's more about raising the walking dead than raising specifically dead people from their graves," says Resurrector. Described by Festival Preview Magazine, Heavyweight Dub Champion "blend dub, dancehall, hip hop and throbbing electronics together into an intense dancefloor beast." In a recent show with Tricky, 944 magazine described HDC's performance as "a dark, throbbing, harmonic geniusly live mixed set consisting of a wide range of instruments and equipment generating an eclectic electronic sound like I have never heard. The bass in the front row was almost enough to make your heart skip a beat, yet alone hold a camera steady."
Ideology.
Central to the core of Heavyweight Dub Champion is a pseudo-mythological science fiction style ideological foundation. As defined by the band, "Heavyweight Dub Champion is a movement of interdimensional Warriors representing the Army of the Last Champion." They use catch phrases like "where ancient ritual meets modern technology", "the liberation process is in full effect" and "Champion Nation Revolution" on posters, banners and descriptions. Their mission statement is defined as "The Unconditional Liberation of the Human Race". Each studio album follows a loose story line about Warrior conquest and a battle against the "rulers of the planet." The Heavyweight Dub Champion hero is a spirit consciousness called "the Last Champion." The antihero, "Villain", is an infiltrator character mostly only referred to through ethereal waki taki jabber in the background, but Emcee Vill also appears as a vocal guest often alluding to or expressing his plight. Many of the other characters who appear as themselves through the course of the albums represent different fundamental philosophies presented in the "Last Champion Manifesto".
Last Champion Manifesto.
Included in the CD package for "Survival Guide" is the mysterious and band defining booklet "Last Champion Manifesto". The liner notes specify "text and composition by Resurrector", which would lead one to assume that it was indeed written by him. Reviewers and interviewers have referred to the work with various degrees of both interest and disdain. The LA Weekly calls it a "bible/babble manifesto", the Denver Westword refers to it as "a scripturally spirited rant" and The Source Weekly labels it as, "steeped in allegory and at times reading like ancient scripture". It is a 70 page bound book presented in seven sections divided into chapters named after songs from both "Survival Guide" and "Rise", as well as some presumed to be as yet unreleased. The booklet is written about the development of the Warrior consciousness, a trend presented throughout the HDC experience. "We use the symbolism of an army and a gathering of soldiers," says Resurrector. "There are ways that you can generate, create and prepare for a life focused on trying to elevate consciousness and liberate people – and to combat the progression of a society that, we believe, generates closed-minded educational frameworks that don't allow for people to explore their own power and creative tendencies." The chapters of the booklet refer to various aspects of clearing space and redefining perception. Removing mental and spiritual pollution is presented as an essential part of the process (the liberation process) of unifying with the consciousness of the "Last Champion." Those who believe and follow this process are referred to as members of the "Last Champion's Chosen Army." It stated that people are not chosen to be in this Army, they choose to do so by uniting with the fundamental goals and ideology. They call this global unification of Warriors the "Champion Nation", which is also the name of their Record Label.
Sonic Shamanistic Alchemy.
The foundation of the band's musical presentation is a method they call "Sonic Shamanistic Alchemy". The instrumental members of the band are often referred to as "Sonic Shamanistic Alchemists". As defined by Resurrector, it involves, "taking a range of vibrational materials, from tribal instruments to electronic instruments, and manipulating them through devices like tape delays and old analog stomp boxes to try to find the personality of each piece... looking for particular voices, particular vibrations that would contribute to the spectrum of sound we're trying to bring forth, a spectrum of liberational revolutionary energy... to change the chemistry of the planet leading to unconditional liberation of the human race."
Other projects.
All the members and affiliates of Heavyweight Dub Champion are active in other music projects. Patch has recently resigned from being involved in some HDC gigs to focus on a solo career. A.P.O.S.T.L.E. released his fourth solo album, "Lyrical Activism" in 2008 and has been touring with DJ Quest. Dr. Israel has been involved in many projects over the years and in 2007 experienced international success with his album, "Dreadtone International – Patterns of War". He is currently working on album projects with Bill Laswell, Dr. Know of Bad Brains and Mad Professor. Stero-Lion released his first solo effort, "Lion Paw" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20787690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787690" title="Scotch Professors">
Scotch Professors

The Scotch Professors were Scottish football players of the late 19th century who moved south to play for clubs participating in the English Football League during the period when football had become professional in England but remained (theoretically) amateur in Scotland.
Details.
The origin of the name was based upon the distinctive Scottish style of play – described at the time as being “combination football” – which was centred upon a passing game with greater teamwork as opposed to the individualistic, dribbling style common in England at the time. It was this distinctive style of football – which has been described as ""changing the nature of soccer"" – which had become the hallmark of the Scottish game of the era. The ability of the Scottish players, their apparently superior technique, and the nature of their play impressed English spectators during the Scotland – England international fixtures which had been taking place since 1872 and led to a great number of Scots players moving south to play professionally for English clubs once this became legal in 1885.
This trend was, along with professionalism generally, bitterly opposed by much of the Scottish footballing establishment and media. The latter saw the Professors described as “"Traitorous wretches"” and “"base mercenaries"” in the press with the Scottish Football Association blacklisting players known to have played professionally. However professionalism was eventually established in Scottish football in 1893 although Scotland’s most powerful club and founders of both the passing and international game, Queen's Park, initially refused to participate in the new professional league (not joining until 1900) and remained committed to the amateur principles even after entering into competition with professional clubs. They remain an amateur club to this day.
The impact made upon English football by these Scots players was immediate and wide-ranging. For instance, the famous Corinthians football club of London were founded purely to emulate the Scottish game and to allow the English national team to challenge Scottish dominance which had seen the Scots defeat the English by scores of 7–2, 6–1 and 5–1 between the years 1878–1882. The first English team to win the Championship and Cup "double", Preston North End, did so with a majority of their team being made up of Scottish players as did the Sunderland side which won 3 English Championships between 1892 and 1895 while the first Liverpool team to take to the field in 1892 was made up entirely of Scots. The role played by the “Scotch professors” and Queen’s Park FC — who above all other clubs pioneered the passing game and the start of regular Anglo-Scottish international fixtures — in the early history of football was recognised by Sepp Blatter when they were awarded the FIFA Order of Merit in 2008; only the third football club to have achieved this honour.
The “Scotch Professors” were known also for spreading the game – both football generally and “combination” team passing style of play for which they were known – internationally with prominent Scots players of the time playing major roles in the introduction of football across the British Empire, Europe, China and to Latin America (particularly Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay).

</doc>
<doc id="20787721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787721" title="3rd National Council of Namibia">
3rd National Council of Namibia

Members of the 3rd National Council of Namibia, which lasts from 2004 - 2009. The chairperson is Asser Kuveri Kapere of the South West Africa People's Organization. 24 of the 26 members of the National Council are members of SWAPO, while one is from the United Democratic Front and one is from the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance. All Councillors below are SWAPO members unless otherwise stated.
Members of the 3rd National Council of Namibia by Region.
Erongo Region.
Chairperson: Asser Kuveri Kapere

</doc>
<doc id="20787797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787797" title="Ledisi and Anibade Live Recordings Vol. 1">
Ledisi and Anibade Live Recordings Vol. 1

Ledisi & Anibade Live Recordings Vol. 1 features live recording from singer, Ledisi and her band Anibade.

</doc>
<doc id="20787799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787799" title="Bumbar">
Bumbar

The BUMBAR (English: Bumble Bee) is a short-range portable anti-tank missile system developed and produced by Serbia.
Description.
Bumbar () is an anti-armor (tank) weapon from Serbia. The Bumbar is a wire guided, man-portable, short-ranged missile system for use against ground targets. The missile has a soft launch capability - the main motor firing after the missile has left the launcher, which allows for the missile to be fired from confined spaces, which is a necessity in urban warfare. During the flight rocket is maneuvered by unique system of thrust vectoring. The missile is propelled by two main rocket motor exhaust vanes located at mid body. As the missile rotates the launch units send signals commanding the correction by one of the two vanes to move against the missile motors thrust. For example if the missile has to move to the left, the right thrust vector vane will actuate at the correct time. 
It is protected against electronic countermeasures through: "Use of CCD matrix sensors, fast image processing computer and robust missile tracer recognition algorithm."
Its general design is similar to the French/Canadian ERYX MBDA anti-tank missile. However MBDA has never supplied Serbia or the former Yugoslavia with technical information regarding the Eryx. All key comopnents of the Bumbar system are indigenously developed by VTI - Military Technical Institute Belgrade Serbia.
See also.
ERYX
Gallery.
Bumble Bee in action watch
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGKf_hIcsDI

</doc>
<doc id="20787801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787801" title="February 1900">
February 1900

The following events occurred in February 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="20787802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787802" title="William Ormerod">
William Ormerod

William Ormerod may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20787835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787835" title="Mactan Island Aquarium">
Mactan Island Aquarium

Mactan Island Aquarium visitor attraction is the first of its kind in the Visayas and the only public aquarium outside of Luzon on all of the 7107 islands of the Philippines.
The aquarium museum has been open since October 2008 and has over 30 exhibits showcasing Cebu's aquatic life from snakes to sharks.
The aquarium has recently completed a transfer from Barangay Basak to Barangay Maribago, still on Mactan Island. The new larger site is between White Sands Resort and EGI City by the Sea Condos.

</doc>
<doc id="20787838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787838" title="Elissa L. Newport">
Elissa L. Newport

Elissa L. Newport is a Professor of Neurology at Georgetown University. She specializes in language acquisition and developmental psycholinguistics, focusing on the relationship between language development and language structure.
Biography.
Newport received a Ph.D from the University of Pennsylvania in 1975, where her advisors were Lila Gleitman and Henry Gleitman. She was a member of the faculty in the Department of Psychology at the University of California, San Diego and the University of Illinois before joining the faculty at the University of Rochester, eventually serving as the George Eastman Professor of Brain and Cognitive Sciences. In July of 2012, she joined the faculty at Georgetown University where she currently serves as the director of the new established Center for Brain Plasticity.
Research interests.
Newport studies both normal acquisition and creolization using miniature languages presented to learners in the lab, where both the input and the structure of the language can be controlled, to see how the learning process (called statistical learning) actually works. A second line of research concerns maturational effects on language learning, comparing children to adults as first and second language learners, and asking why children, who are more limited in most cognitive domains, perform better than adults in language acquisition. She also conducts studies of human learners acquiring musical and other nonlinguistic patterns, and of nonhuman primates attempting to learn the same materials, to see where sequential learning, and the constraints on such learning, differ across species and domains. A long-term interest concerns understanding why languages universally display certain types of structures, and considers whether constraints on pattern learning in children may provide part of the basis for universal regularities in languages of the world. Her most recent work investigates language and the brain, using fMRI to examine how sign and oral languages are represented in the brain and how language is reorganized after damage or disease.
Less is More Hypothesis.
One of Newport's most well-known contributions to the field of language acquisition research is the Less is More Hypothesis. In this hypothesis, Newport posits that children are better able to learn languages than adults because they have fewer cognitive resources available to them. This is advantageous in learning a complex combinatorial system such as a human language because children, given their cognitive limitations, will naturally proceed by beginning with small parts and will acquire more complex constructions only as they mature. In contrast, more competent adults will begin by trying to analyze more complexity from the start and will have difficulty finding the best analyses. In her miniature language studies she has shown that children and adults differ in language learning in well controlled studies in the lab, with young children acquiring regular patterns and rules even when their input is inconsistent. This regularization process provides an explanation of how children may contribute to the formation of languages over generations.
Recognition.
Newport has been recognized by a number of organizations for the impact of her theoretical and empirical contributions to the field of language acquisition. She has been elected as a fellow in the Association for Psychological Science, the Society of Experimental Psychologists, the Cognitive Science Society, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the National Academy of Sciences. Her research has been supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, the McDonnell Foundation, and the Packard Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20787844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787844" title="Guys Snack Foods">
Guys Snack Foods

Guys Snack Foods is a snack foods manufacturer and distributor based in Overland Park, Kansas with a target market being the Midwest.
It claims to have been the first company to sell barbecue flavored potato chips. The company's biggest product line are its potato chips, but it also offers cheese puffs, tortilla chips and pretzels. 
The company was founded by Guy and Frances Caldwell in 1938 as "Guy's Nut and Candy Company" as they sold roasted peanuts throughout the Kansas City area. 
At one time the company had 1,000 employees in its Liberty, Missouri plant. It was sold to Borden Food Corporation in 1979. Borden sold it in 1994. It went into bankruptcy in 2001.
It has since emerged from bankruptcy and is now based in Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="20787849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787849" title="Bækkelagets SK">
Bækkelagets SK

Bækkelagets Sportsklub is a Norwegian sports club from Bekkelaget in southern Oslo, founded in 1909. The club has sections for skiing (including ski jumping and biathlon), orienteering, handball, football, floorball and track and field athletics. It is known for organizing one of the world's largest youth football tournaments, Norway Cup.
Handball.
The women's handball team won the Women's EHF Cup Winner's Cup in 1997/1998, and again in 1998/1999. The club also reached the final in EHF Women's Champions Trophy the same two seasons. In 1998 Bækkelaget had the best women's team in Europe. The club still plays in the Norwegian top league, but ambitions are far lower than in their best period.
Among the former players on the female team are: Susann Goksør Bjerkrheim, Kjersti Grini, Heidi Tjugum, Hege Kristine Kvitsand, Camilla Andersen, Anja Andersen, Sahra Hausmann, Siv Heim Sæbøe, Cecilie Leganger, Jeong-Ho Hong, Gitte Madsen, Ausra Fridrikas, Ingrid Steen.
Orienteering.
Bækkelaget won the Jukola relay in 1988, 1999 and 2002. Notable orienteers who have competed for the club are Holger Hott, Bjørnar Valstad, Hanne Staff, Anne Margrethe Hausken, all world champions, and Anders Nordberg. Betty Ann Bjerkreim Nilsen competes in both orienteering and skiing.
Football.
The men's team currently plays in the Fourth Division (fifth tier). It last played in the Third Division in 2004. Notable former players are Finn Seemann and Øyvind Bolthof (youth level only). The women's team currently plays in the Second Division. Their home field is Sportsplassen.

</doc>
<doc id="20787858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787858" title="Blindman River">
Blindman River

The Blindman River is a medium-sized river in south-central Alberta. It forms south of Winfield, Alberta and flows southeastward before joining the Red Deer River near Red Deer. The Blindman is bridged by Alberta Highway 20 a number of times in its upper reaches, before passing near the town of Rimbey. The river then takes on the outflow of Gull Lake. It is bridged by Alberta Highway 2 at Red Deer before flowing into the Red Deer River.
There are two competing theories regarding the name of the river. One theory suggests a Cree hunting party became snowblind while traveling and had to rest on the river banks until their eyes healed. The hunting party applied the name "pas-ka-poo" to the river, which translates as "Blindman." The second theory argues that "Blindman" is a descriptive term, applied to the river because of its numerous meanders and curves.
The Paskapoo Formation, first described in its banks, takes its name from the Cree name for the Blindman.

</doc>
<doc id="20787862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787862" title="Metock case">
Metock case

Blaise Baheten Metock and Others v Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform (2008) C-127/08 (known as the ""Metock" case") was a ground-breaking European Court of Justice (ECJ) case of major political significance, especially in Ireland and Denmark. It dealt with the scope and applicability of Directive 2004/38 ("the Citizenship Directive") to member states' family unification rules for their migrant citizens. Citizenship of the European Union was established by Article 20 of the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union (TFEU) and the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 elaborates the right of Union citizens and their family members to move and reside freely in the territory of a member state, consolidating previous Directives dealing with the right to move and reside within the European Community (EC).
It is a logical consequence of the right to free movement that migrant citizens can move their family from one member state to another. Not to allow this would deter them from moving and thus impede their right to free movement. But it is not immediately clear that migrant citizens should have the right to bring their family into a member state when the family members are entering the European Union (EU) for the first time. The Citizenship Directive 2004/38 imposes no condition that family members can only join on first entry if they are already resident within the European Union. Nevertheless the Irish legislation implementing the directive required the family member to demonstrate lawful residence within the European Union prior to first entry. "Metock" clarified that it was not lawful to maintain such a requirement. A consequence was that in some member states, such as Denmark, migrant citizens possessed more rights to family reunification then their own nationals who had not exercised their right to free movement by taking up residence in another member state.
A non-EU national is a national of a country not in the European Union. In "Metock" the Court ruled definitively that national rules making the right of residence of non-EU national spouses of Union citizens resident in a member state but not possessing its nationality under the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 conditional on prior lawful residence in another member state were unlawful. It also ruled against national restrictions on when and where their marriage took place and how the non-EU national entered the host member state.
Blaise Baheten Metock, a national of Cameroon, arrived in Ireland on 23 June 2006 and applied for asylum. His application was definitively refused on 28 February 2007. Hanette Eugenie Ngo Ikeng, born a national of Cameroon, acquired United Kingdom nationality. She had resided and worked in Ireland since late 2006. Metock and Ngo Ikeng met in Cameroon in 1994 and had been in a relationship since then. They had two children together, one born in 1998 and the other in 2006. They were married in Ireland on 12 October 2006. On 6 November 2006, Metock applied in Ireland for a residence card as the spouse of a Union citizen working and residing in Ireland. The application was refused by decision of the Minister for Justice on 28 June 2007, on the grounds that Metock did not satisfy the condition of prior lawful residence in another member state.
Metock, Ngo Ikeng and their children brought proceedings against that decision. They were joined by three other non-EU national applicants. Ten member states expressed an interest in the case. The Court ruled in favour of the applicants on the grounds in the first place that no provision of the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 makes its application dependent upon previous lawful residence, and secondly that European Community (and not individual member states) legislature had the competence to regulate the first entry to the European Union of family members of a Union citizen who has exercised his right to free movement, and incidentally making a brief reference to Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights that enshrines the right to respect for private and family life.
The decision effectively over-ruled an earlier case "Secretary of State for the Home Department v Hacene Akrich" (2003) C-109/01 that the Irish government had relied on. The "Akrich" case involved an individual who had entered the UK without authorisation, and was twice deported from the United Kingdom. The individual came into the country a third time without authorisation and married a British citizen. He was soon thereafter deported to Dublin, where his wife was working, where he remained for six months. Following this, he attempted to return to the United Kingdom where his wife had secured employment. In "Akrich", in direct contrast to the later "Metock" case, the ECJ held that the initial unauthorised entrance could be used by national authorities to prevent someone from claiming European rights of establishment.
Facts.
Metock was a Cameroonian national married to a British national working in Ireland. Metock had sought and been refused asylum in Ireland. He and his wife had formed a family in Cameroon prior to Metock's arrival in Ireland and they had two children, one born before Metock's arrival in Ireland and the other born the same year as his arrival. Ikogho, a non-EU national, arrived in Ireland in 2004, applied for and was refused asylum, and then married a British citizen working in Ireland since 1996. Chinedu, a Nigerian national, arrived in Ireland in 2005, applied for and was refused asylum, but before the refusal married a German national working in Ireland. Igboanusi, a Nigerian national, applied for asylum in Ireland, which was refused in 2005. He married a Polish national working in Ireland in 2006, and was deported to Nigeria in December 2007.
All four men had their applications for residence cards refused on the grounds that either they did not satisfy a condition of prior lawful residence or in the case of Ikogho that they were staying illegally in Ireland at the time of their marriage. All but Metock had met their spouse after arriving in Ireland and all four were married in Ireland. Together with their spouses (and in the case of Metock their children) they brought proceedings against the decision.
The High Court of Ireland made a request for a preliminary ruling to the European Court of Justice (ECJ). The High Court affirmed that none of the marriages were marriages of convenience. In essence the High Court asked:
The case was granted a rare accelerated hearing given the exceptional urgency of the circumstances with regard to both the pressure on the Irish Minister of Justice and the human rights of the applicants in regard to the right to respect for private and family life as enshrined in Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights. The case was thus determined after hearing the Advocate General M. Poiares Maduro but without an Opinion being submitted.
Ten member states besides Ireland were heard. These were Czech Republic, Denmark, Germany, Greece, Cyprus, Malta, the Netherlands, Austria, Finland and the United Kingdom. In addition the Commission of the European Communities was heard.
Judgment.
The judgment established several important points:
The judgment settled that the European Community (EC) and not individual member states were competent to regulate the right of entry into the European Union of non-EU family members of Union citizens who have exercised their right of free movement. Previously case-law had been unclear.
Regarding the issue of reverse discrimination arising from migrant citizens receiving more rights to family reunification than host member state nationals who have not exercised their right to free movement by taking up residence in another member state, the Court reiterated that settled case-law had established the so-called "wholly internal rule" and that the alleged discrimination thus fell outside the scope of European Community law.
The first question
On the first question regarding the condition of prior lawful residence in another member state, the Court noted in the first place that no provision of the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 makes its application conditional on prior residence in a member state. Indeed some of its provisions suggest that it is applicable to family members not already lawfully resident in another member state. Thus Article 5(2) allows entry without a residence card while Article 10(2) is an exhaustive list of documents that may need presenting, which nevertheless does not include any documents demonstrating prior lawful residence in another member state.
Accordingly the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 must be interpreted as granting rights of entry and residence to non-EU national family members of EU citizens not possessing the nationality of their host member state without distinguishing whether there had been prior lawful residence in another member state.
This interpretation was supported by the Court's earlier case-law adopted before the Citizenship Directive 2004/38. It was true that the Court had held in "Akrich" that prior lawful residence in another member state was a requirement but that conclusion must be reconsidered as it was incompatible with "[http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CELEX:61999CJ0459:EN:HTML MRAX" and "[http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CELEX:62003CJ0157:EN:HTML Commission v Spain 2005" .
In the second place this interpretation was consistent with the division of competences between member states and the European Community. Community legislature was competent to enact the necessary measures to bring about freedom of movement for Union citizens. Union citizens would be discouraged from exercising their right of free movement if they could not be accompanied or joined by their family, and consequently the Community was competent to rule on the issue.
The Court rejected the argument put forward by the Irish government and several member states that member states retained exclusive competence to regulate first entry. This would lead to variation of treatment across the Community incompatible with the objective of an internal market set out in Article 3(1)(c) of the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union. Moreover it would lead to the paradoxical outcome that non-EU nationals who are long-term residents would be able to bring in their family members not lawfully resident in a member state under the Family Reunification Directive 2003/86 whereas a Union citizen in a member state whose nationality he does not possess might not.
Consequently the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 confers rights of entry and residence to non-EU national family members of EU citizens not possessing the nationality of their host member state regardless of whether there had been prior lawful residence in another member state.
Regarding the submission by the Irish government and several member states that this interpretation of the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 would undermine the ability of member states to control immigration and lead to a great increase in the number of persons able to benefit from rights of residence, the Court replied that it only applied to non-EU national family members of Union citizens who had exercised their right of free movement. Moreover member states may still refuse entry and residence in accord with Articles 27 and 35 of the Citizenship Directive 2004/38, dealing respectively with personal breaches of public policy, public health or public security and abuse of rights or fraud, such as marriages of convenience.
The same governments had also submitted that this interpretation of the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 would lead to unjustified reverse discrimination, in so far as nationals of the host member states who had never exercised their right of freedom of movement would not derive the same rights. The Court replied that it was already established case-law that the alleged discrimination fell outside the scope of European Community law, citing "Flemish Insurance" . Moreover member states are parties to Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights enshrining the right to respect for private and family life.
Finally regarding the first question, the Court ruled that it was not lawful to maintain a condition of prior lawful residence in another member state.
The second question
On the second question regarding the scope of the Citizenship Directive 2004/38, the Court noted in the first place that the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 aims to facilitate the exercise of the right of Union citizens to move and reside freely within the territory of member states and in particular recital 5 of its preamble provides that right, if it is to be exercised under objective conditions of dignity, should also be extended to family members irrespective of their nationality. The provisions of the directive must not be interpreted restrictively, as affirmed in "Eind" .
The directive provides family members of Union citizens the right of entry and residence without any provision requiring the Union citizen already to have founded the family when he moved to his host member state. Not to allow this right would discourage him from continuing to reside there and encourage him to leave to be able to lead a family life in another member state or in a non-member country. The Court ruled therefore that the right applied regardless of whether the Union citizen had founded his family before or after establishing himself in the host member state.
On the issue of whether a family member who has entered the host member state before becoming a family member of a Union citizen can be said to accompany or join him, the Court noted that refusing the right of entry or residence in that circumstance would be equally likely to discourage the Union citizen from remaining. To insist on a literal interpretation of 'join' or 'accompany' would be restrictive and equivalent to limiting the rights of entry and residence of the family member.
On the issue of the circumstances of the family member's entry, the Court observed that from the moment the family member derives their right of residence, a member state may only restrict that right in compliance with Articles 27 and 35 of the Citizenship Directive 2004/38, dealing respectively with personal breaches of public policy, public health or public security and abuse of rights or fraud, such as marriages of convenience. Member states are entitled to impose penalties, such as a fine, for other breaches so long as they are proportionate and do not interfere with freedom of movement and residence, as affirmed in "MRAX" .
On the question of where the marriage took place, the Court observed that the directive contains no requirement.
Finally regarding the second question, the Court ruled that all the circumstances fell within the scope of the Citizenship Directive 2004/38.
The third question
There was no need to answer the third question as the second question had been answered in the affirmative.
Commentary.
The effect of "Metock" is much enhanced by "Eind" and "Singh", which confirmed that returning migrants continue to enjoy the family reunification rights they enjoyed while residing in another member state. This has led to the so-called whereby a national of a member state circumvents national restrictions on family reunification by taking up residence in another member state, thus exercising his right of free movement and subsequently relying on his right to family reunification under the Citizenship Directive 2004/38 on his return. A number of member states have claimed this amounts to an abuse of free movement, but in "Akrich" the Court ruled that taking up residence in another member state expressly to gain Community rights is not an abuse.<ref name="C-109/01" group="Cases"/>
Implications for member states.
All member states have implemented "Metock".
Ireland reacted swiftly, implementing the judgment just four working days after receiving it and undertaking to apply it retrospectively. Austria, Cyprus, Czechoslovakia, Denmark, Germany, Finland, France, Italy, Lithuania and the United Kingdom are amongst other member states that amended their legislation or policy as a result of "Metock".
Regarding the issue of reverse discrimination, Austria has explicitly legislated that their nationals must have exercised their right of free movement to gain European Union family reunification rights. Italy, however, decided to avoid reverse discrimination by granting their nationals the same rights of family reunification as their non-national Union citizens.
Attention has switched in a number of member states to preventing abuse of European Union rules on residence rights. These include Denmark, France, Hungary, Ireland, Lithuania, the Netherlands and Sweden.
Denmark, Ireland and the Netherlands have called for amendments to be made to the Citizenship Directive 2004/38. The Netherlands has announced its intention to open negotiations at the European level to put an end to abuses of the so-called "Europe route" where a national migrates to another member state for a period of time so as to exercise his right of free movement and thus gain European Union rights of family reunification on his return, circumventing national restrictions. A small but growing number of member state nationals, especially from Denmark and the Netherlands, indulge in such migration to the concern of their national authorities. On 5 October 2012, the Council of State of the Netherlands requested a preliminary ruling from the Court on four questions relating to the "Europe route".
Denmark.
Denmark's Justice and Home Affairs (JHA) opt-out provided Denmark with the freedom to pursue its own relatively strict policies regarding asylum and family reunification, in particular its implementation of the controversial 24-year rule designed to discourage forced marriages that has nevertheless attracted criticism on human rights grounds. However "Metock" depends on the Citizenship Directive 2004/38, which is not part of EU co-operation on Justice and Home Affairs, and Denmark is thus obliged to implement "Metock".
Netherlands.
On 5 October 2012, the Council of State of the Netherlands referred four questions for a preliminary ruling from the Court related to the so-called "Europe route". In essence these were:

</doc>
<doc id="20787867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787867" title="A Goat's Tail">
A Goat's Tail

"A Goat's Tail" is a 2006 British-Ghanaian film and is the directorial debut feature of Julius Amedume who also wrote the script. The plot follows a Ghanaian taxi driver who travels to London and encounters an underworld of drug culture.
The film won the Best Feature award at the 2007 Los Angeles Pan African Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20787887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787887" title="It's Christmas (Ledisi album)">
It's Christmas (Ledisi album)

"It's Christmas" is the Christmas album of singer, Ledisi. The album peaked #28 on the Top R&B charts. This is Ledisi's second release on Verve Forecast. "This Christmas" was released as the lead single and "Children Go Where I Send Thee" was released as the second single of the album.
Promotion.
On December 7, 2008, Ledisi's Christmas show entitled "Ledisi Christmas" aired on the Gospel Channel. "Ledisi Christmas" aired a 30 minute show. Ledisi and Anibade performed a selection of the following songs: Children Go Where I Send Thee, Thank You, This Christmas, Alright, and Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas. The show aired several times during the month of December.

</doc>
<doc id="20787901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787901" title="Hemipenthes">
Hemipenthes

Hemipenthes is a large genus of flies belonging to the family Bombyliidae (bee-flies). There are many described species, distributed throughout the Holarctic and Palearctic Ecozones. These are small to large robust flies with a body length of 5–14 mm. They can be distinguished from similar genera ("Villa") by their wing venation. 
Larvae are hyperparasites on parasitic Hymenoptera.
Species.
Includes fossil species.

</doc>
<doc id="20787905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787905" title="Sassy Pandez">
Sassy Pandez

Sassy Pandez of London is an international Hip hop, RnB, Reggaeton, Dancehall and Club Classics DJ and model.
DJing.
Sassy Pandez started DJing in Miami with her cousin DJ Radamas. Early in her career, she was known as DJ Sassy P. She DJed at the Miami Music Conference and her first major event was at the P Diddy Launch Party at Cafe de Paris. She has DJed for celebrities including Mary J. Blige, Will Smith, P Diddy, Eminem, Beyoncé Knowles and Jay-Z, and at parties all over the world, including Europe, North America, and Asia. In 2009, international appearances included visits to Turkey, where she opened the Kyu Club, and Singapore, where she played the City Alive street festival.
Modelling.
Sassy Pandez's modelling career began when she was signed by Elite Milan. She has been on the covers of various magazines, and has been featured in "Cosmopolitan", "Elle", "Vogue", "GQ", "FHM", and "Maxim". Sassy Pandez was recently described as "The Sexiest DJ in the World" on the cover of "Maxim". She has also done shows for numerous fashion designers and shot a variety of advertising campaigns.
Sassy Pandez has shot campaigns for Diet Coke and Selfidges, and was featured in a national billboard ad campaign for LastMinute.com. She was voted to represent Mates Condoms as "Miss Mates Xplore 04".
Other work.
In 2004, she began working weekly with "The Sun" online providing advice to readers, a role she retained at least through July 2006. In 2006, she appeared in ITV1's "Poor Little Rich Girls", where she traded places for a week with a cleaning woman. In 2010, she became the new face and DJ of the Apple Bottoms clothing label owned by US rapper Nelly, as reported by the Metro newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="20787929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787929" title="Betsy Mitchell">
Betsy Mitchell

Faith Elizabeth Mitchell (born January 15, 1966) is an American former competition swimmer who was a world record-holder, world champion, and Olympic silver medalist. She also was a member of the United States' 1994 Rowing World Championship team.
Mitchell began competitive swimming at age 5. She competed for Mercersburg Academy in Mercersburg, Pennsylvania during her high school years.
Mitchell represented the United States at two consecutive Olympic Games. At the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, she won a silver medal for her second-place performance in the women's 100-meter backstroke, finishing with a time of 1:02.63. She also earned a gold medal by swimming the backstroke leg for the winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the women's 4x100-meter medley relay.
After the 1984 Olympics, she initially attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and competed for the North Carolina Tar Heels swimming and diving team during her freshman year. She then transferred to the University of Texas at Austin, and swam for the Texas Longhorns swimming and diving team from 1986 to 1988. She won nine NCAA titles, and was a member of the Lady Longhorns NCAA national championship teams in 1987 and 1988. She was inducted into the Texas Longhorns Hall of Honor in 2000.
She set a women's world record in the 200-meter backstroke at the 1986 World Championship Trials. The record stood for five years. "Swimming World Magazine" named her as its American Female Swimmer of the Year in 1986.
She again competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. She received a silver medal for swimming the backstroke leg for the second-place U.S. team in the women's 4x100-meter medley relay in the preliminary heats. Individually, she also swam in the final of the women's 100-meter backstroke, finishing fourth in the final with a time of 1:02.71.
She was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame as an "Honor Swimmer" in 1998.
Mitchell was recently the Director of Athletics & Recreation at Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania. She resigned in March 2011, and is currently the Director of Athletics, Physical Education, and Recreation at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. Because of Mitchell's self-reporting of previously undisclosed NCAA rules violations, Caltech's athletics department was punished on July 12, 2012.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20787934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787934" title="Ngohauvi Lydia Kavetu">
Ngohauvi Lydia Kavetu

Ngohauvi Lydia Kavetu (born 3 July 1965 in Omao, Kunene Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance, Kavetu has been a member of the National Council of Namibia since 2004. She represents Opuwo Constituency in the Kunene Regional Council and is one of two members of the DTA in the Kunene Council. Following her 2004 election, she was chosen as the DTA's only member of the 3rd National Council. Prior to entering national politics in 2004, Kavetu was a member of the town council of Opuwo from 1998-2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20787941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787941" title="Beat the Drum">
Beat the Drum

Beat the Drum, written and produced by W. David McBrayer and directed by David Hickson, is an award-winning South African film starring Clive Scott and Owen Sejake.
Premiering at the 2003 Mill Valley Film Festival, "Beat The Drum" won 30 international film festival awards, including the prestigious Montreal Zenith D'Or and the Monaco International Film Festival Angel Award, the festival's top honor. The film also won Best Picture, Best Director (David Hickson), Best Supporting Actor (Owen Sejake), Best Actor (Junior Singo), Best Music (Klaus Badelt and Ramin Djawadi) and several Audience Awards.
McBrayer has said that he wrote "Beat The Drum" to "help give a voice to the voiceless. I simply wanted to be an honest witness to the plight of these kids. When there is a tear in the human fabric we should all feel it." 
Synopsis.
A young South African orphan named Musa (Junior Singo) leaves his AIDS-ravaged village in KwaZulu-Natal, taking along only a drum given to him by his father, for the gritty streets of Johannesburg in search of work and his uncle. The trip proves to be enlightening for young Musa, who is faced with the culture shock of urban society. Meanwhile, a wealthy lawyer from a privileged family learns he has AIDS, and a truck driver's dangerous sexual proclivities endanger his wife. 
Reception.
"Variety" heralded the film as “Spectacular," calling it a "handsome well-crafted family drama...naturalistic performances...affecting human drama...first-rate!" Leonard Maltin of Entertainment Tonight called it, "a film with a big heart and a vital message.” The Hollywood Reporter said, "Audiences were enthralled by this movie." In its on-air interview with director David Hickson and young star Junior Singo (Musa) CNN called the movie, "Profoundly moving and spiritually uplifting."
Beat the Drum Village.
Due to the efforts of the film’s producers, Kimmel International, and President of Entertainment in Motion, Bill Grant, a portion of the proceeds from the film's domestic and international airlines sales provided the resources to buy the land and initiate the project that would become Beat the Drum Village. Beat the Drum Village provides family-style housing, food, clothing, education and medical care for children orphaned by and living with HIV/AIDS in Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="20787945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787945" title="Cola Lacaye">
Cola Lacaye

Cola Lacaye is a soft drink from Haiti founded by Rigobert Richardson in 1977. Today, Cola Lacaye soda is manufactured and distributed by The Brooklyn Bottling Group, which manufactures, distributes, imports various Caribbean-based soft drinks and food.
Cola Lacaye comes in three island flavors; Fruit Cola, Fruit Champagne and Banana. 
Cola Lacaye is available in 12oz bottles and 2 liter bottles. Cola Lacaye has become part of the Haitian American cultural dining experience.

</doc>
<doc id="20787953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20787953" title="Renkus-Heinz">
Renkus-Heinz

Renkus-Heinz is a manufacturer of loudspeakers and related professional sound reinforcement equipment. Based in Foothill Ranch, California, the firm has a global presence in permanent installations at auditoriums, transit centers, sports venues, houses of worship and musical performance venues as well as in the concert touring industry.
History.
Renkus-Heinz was founded on April 1, 1979 by Harro K. Heinz and Algis Renkus (1937–1997). Heinz had previously been awarded a patent in 1975 for his work on a "Comprehensive feedback elimination system employing notch filter" that was performed while he was employed at Rauland-Borg Corporation. Algis Renkus was joined in the new enterprise by his father Jonas A. Renkus (b. 1912) who had worked at Altec under industry veteran John Kenneth Hilliard. The elder Renkus followed Hilliard to Ling-Temco-Vought in the 1960s and joined Hilliard's 1970s consulting firm. Together, Hilliard and Jonas Renkus issued an Audio Engineering Society paper in 1966 detailing their improvement in horn-type compression drivers obtained by incorporating polyimide.
Before joining Renkus-Heinz in late 1979, Jonas Renkus had helped found Emilar Corporation in 1974. Emilar was a manufacturer of loudspeaker components which employed Renkus' patented high-compliance polyimide driver. In 1978–1979, Jonas Renkus worked with Gene Czerwinski at Cerwin-Vega to develop a reliable and efficient high frequency driver. While at Renkus Heinz, Jonas Renkus patented a new triple lamination construction method in 1980. In 1981, the two Renkus men left Renkus-Heinz to assist Emilar which was having trouble staying in business. Harro Heinz remained president of Renkus-Heinz.
While Jonas and Algis Renkus were at Emilar, they began using the patented triple lamination method which had been assigned to Renkus-Heinz. Heinz sued for damages but dropped the case during the hearing.
In 1989 Harro's son Ralph D. Heinz joined Renkus-Heinz to work with Don B. Keele, Jr. and Gene Patronis and further his knowledge of electro-acoustics and horn loudspeaker design. Ralph Heinz eventually became senior vice-president of R&D and patented a method of arraying loudspeakers for better phase coherency in 1994. In 1996, he patented a multiple driver horn which was promoted as the "CoEntrant" transducer, covering both mid- and high-frequency bands in one horn.

</doc>
<doc id="20788003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788003" title="Mahfooz Aviation">
Mahfooz Aviation

Mahfooz Aviation is a charter airline based in Banjul, Gambia.
Fleet.
The Mahfooz Aviation fleet includes the following aircraft (as of 21 December 2008) [http://www.ch-aviation.ch/aircraft.php?search=set&airline=MAH&al_op=1]: 

</doc>
<doc id="20788023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788023" title="Johann Becker (organist)">
Johann Becker (organist)

Johann Becker (1 September 1726 – 1803) was a German organist, teacher, and composer, born in Helsa-Wickenrode, near Kassel. He studied with Bach in Leipzig from about 1745 to 1748. He taught in Hartmuthsachsen, Bettenhausen, and Kassel, where in 1761 he was appointed municipal organist. In 1770 he was appointed court organist. He wrote mainly church music.

</doc>
<doc id="20788032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788032" title="Elie Amsini Kiswaya">
Elie Amsini Kiswaya

Elie Amsini Kiswaya (August 25, 1928 – December 11, 2008) was a Congolese bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sakania–Kipushi of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from March 5, 1977 until December 21, 2001. He was succeeded by Bishop Gaston Kashala Ruwezi. Kiswaya died on December 11, 2008 at the age fof 80.

</doc>
<doc id="20788072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788072" title="Sebastian Ignatius ǃGobs">
Sebastian Ignatius ǃGobs

Sebastian Ignatius ǃGobs (born 4 October 1967 in Omaruru, Erongo Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the United Democratic Front, ǃGobs has been a member of the National Council of Namibia since 2004. He has been a member of the UDF since the party's inception in 1989 and graduated with a diploma in urban planning from the University of Namibia in 2005. He represents Khorixas Constituency in the Kunene Regional Council. Following his 2004 election, he was chosen as the UDF's only member of the 3rd National Council. Prior to entering national politics in 2004, ǃGobs was a member of the town council of Khorixas from 1999-2001 and Usakos town council from 2001-2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20788084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788084" title="List of Oricon number-one albums of 1998">
List of Oricon number-one albums of 1998

These are the "Oricon" number one albums of 1998, per the Oricon Weekly Album Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20788107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788107" title="Lila R. Gleitman">
Lila R. Gleitman

Lila Gleitman (born December 10, 1929) is a Professor Emerita of Psychology and Linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania. She is an internationally-renowned expert on language acquisition and developmental psycholinguistics, focusing on children's learning of their first language. Gleitman received a B.A. in literature from Antioch College in 1952, an M.A. in linguistics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1962, and a Ph.D. in linguistics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1967. She was employed as an assistant professor at Swarthmore College before accepting a position as the William T. Carter Professor of Education at the University of Pennsylvania from 1972-1973, and then subsequently serving as a professor of linguistics and as the Steven and Marcia Roth Professor of Psychology at the University of Pennsylvania from 1973 until her retirement. The impact of Gleitman's research in language acquisition has been recognized by numerous organizations, and she has been elected as a fellow in the American Psychological Association, the Association for Psychological Science, the Society of Experimental Psychologists, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the National Academies of Science. She is married to fellow psychologist Henry Gleitman, also a Professor Emeritus of Psychology at the University of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20788108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788108" title="Lobna Abdel Aziz">
Lobna Abdel Aziz

Lobna Abdel Aziz, aka Loubna Abd el Aziz or Lubna Abdel Aziz (لبنى عبد العزيز) is an Egyptian actress. She was born in 1935 in Cairo, Egypt.
Family.
She is married to Dr. Ismail Barrada; they have two daughters, Giselle Miriam and Nadine Sarah.

</doc>
<doc id="20788109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788109" title="Umbilicariaceae">
Umbilicariaceae

The Umbilicariaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the Ascomycota. Species of this family are known from a variety of climates, including temperate, boreal, austral, and warmer montane regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20788116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788116" title="Alexander Schlichter">
Alexander Schlichter

Alexander Grigorievich Schlichter (Александр Григорьевич Шлихтер) (1868-1940) was a Ukrainian Bolshevik politician.
Schlichter's grandfather, originally from western Germany, settled in what is the present-day Poltava Oblast of Ukraine in 1818. Schlichter was ethnically one-quarter German and three-fourths Ukrainian.
Following studies at Kharkiv University, Schlichter joined the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party in 1891. He was involved in the technical production of the illegal Bolshevik paper "Proletary" while it was produced in the Russian Empire (1904-1906).
After the Bolshevik seizure of power he succeeded Vladimir Milyutin as People's Commissar for Agriculture. He also was People's Commissar for Food of the R.S.F.S.R., Commissar Extraordinary for Food in Siberia. In 1919 he became People's Commissar for Food of the Ukraine.
In 1920 he was Chairman of the Tambov Gubernia Executive Committee, and was involved in the suppression of the Tambov Rebellion.
In April 1927 he attended the Fourth Congress of Soviets as commissar of agriculture in the Ukrainian Republic. Here he described 10% of the rural population of Ukraine as being "surplus".

</doc>
<doc id="20788125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788125" title="Caplen">
Caplen

Caplen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20788144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788144" title="Air Charter Africa">
Air Charter Africa

Air Charter Africa is a charter airline based in Banjul, Gambia.
Fleet.
The Air Charter Africa includes the following aircraft (as of 21 December 2008) [http://www.ch-aviation.ch/aircraft.php?search=set&airline=CHX&al_op=1]: 

</doc>
<doc id="20788161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788161" title="Fuego (La Secta album)">
Fuego (La Secta album)

Fuego is the fifth studio album released by Puerto Rican rock band La Secta. The album was released on November 24, 2008 by Sony International. It has already spawned two singles: "No Puedes Parar" and "Déjalos Que Hablen".
The band members have said that the album was an attempt to return to a more "organic sound and less fused", similar to their first albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20788163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788163" title="United States presidential election in Michigan, 2008">
United States presidential election in Michigan, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 4, 2008. It was part of the 2008 United States presidential election which happened throughout all 50 states and D.C.. Voters chose 17 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Michigan was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 16.5% margin of victory. Early on, the state was heavily targeted as a swing state. However, Obama started to pull away in the polls during the last few months, causing McCain to stop campaigning there. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. The Great Lakes State usually leans Democratic, as it has voted for the Democratic presidential nominee in every election since 1992. The last Republican presidential nominee to carry Michigan was George H.W. Bush in 1988. In the end, Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama won Michigan by a larger-than-expected margin of victory: 57.33% - 40.89%.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Very early on, polling was tight as Obama was having a difficult time getting support from the pessimistic state. Since September 21, Obama swept all the polls taken from the state. The final 3 polls averaged Obama leading 54% to 40%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $4,330,872 in the state. Barack Obama raised $7,299,275.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups spent $12,995,614. McCain and his interest group spent $13,332,086. The Democratic ticket visited the state 10 times to McCain's 9 times.
Analysis.
Michigan has not supported a Republican for president since 1988. However, the Republicans have attempted to carry the state's 17 electoral votes in the past few elections, and the margin of victory has decreased every year from 1996 to 2004. This year Republican presidential nominee John McCain put an early effort into winning Michigan, hoping to convert blue-collar voters disaffected by Obama's unfamiliarity as a liberal African-American from Chicago. Macomb County, a populous blue-collar suburb of Detroit, was a large target.
A major problem for the Obama Campaign was the 2008 Michigan Democratic Primary. Obama removed his name from the ballot after state officials moved up the primary in violation of party rules. As a result, Hillary Rodham Clinton won the state with 55%. This led to the McCain Campaign focusing heavily on winning Michigan in the general election. In May 2008, McCain was leading in a Rasmussen poll with 45% to 44%. After the September financial crisis, however, McCain's general campaign fell into trouble. Polls showed Michigan, a state especially affected by the economy, turning away from McCain. Voters blamed Republicans for the crisis. In early October, with polls showing him falling further behind Obama, McCain pulled out of the state, essentially ceding it to Obama. This was widely publicized, and more than likely contributed to Obama's landslide victory.
On Election Day, Barack Obama won by a double-digit margin of 16%. The state was called for Obama almost as soon as the polls closed. In Wayne County, home to Detroit, Obama piled up a 3-1 margin. Democratic strongholds Washtenaw County (home to Ann Arbor and the University of Michigan), Ingham County (home to Lansing and Michigan State) and Genesee County (home to Flint) gave Obama 65-70% of the vote. Macomb County, which McCain had focused so intensely on, voted Democratic by a comfortable margin of 9%. Oakland County, once a bastion of suburban conservatism, went for Obama by 15 points. Republican support in the state collapsed; McCain was only able to win two counties with margins of more than 10,000 votes. This result signified continued evidence of Michigan's Democratic tilt, anchored by the heavily Democratic cities of Detroit, Lansing, Ann Arbor, and Flint. A Democrat can lose every other part of Michigan and still cling to victory by running up the votes in the aforementioned cities, as was the case with John Kerry in 2004.
At the same time as Obama swept the state, Democrats made more gains in Michigan. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Carl Levin was reelected with 62.65% of the vote over Republican Jack Hoogendyk's 33.84%. Democrats also picked up two U.S. House seats in Michigan in the 7th District and the 9th District, with Mark Schauer and Gary Peters knocking off Tim Walberg and Joe Knollenberg, respectively. This gave Democrats the majority in Michigan's U.S. House delegation. In addition, Democrats picked up nine seats in the Michigan House of Representatives.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Barack Obama carried 12 congressional districts in Michigan, including four districts held by Republicans.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Michigan cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Michigan is allocated 17 electors because it has 15 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 17 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 17 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 17 were pledged to Obama and Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20788174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788174" title="Pandeli Ralli">
Pandeli Ralli

Pandeli Ralli JP DL (22 May 1845 – 22 August 1928) was a British politician.
Born in France, son of Toumazis Stephanou Ralli of Ralli Brothers, Pandeli graduated from King's College London with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He was elected Liberal Member of Parliament for Bridport in 1875 and held the seat until 1880. He was elected Liberal Member of Parliament for Wallingford in 1880 and held the seat until the constituency was abolished in 1885. He held the offices of Justice of the Peace for Surrey, and Deputy Lieutenant of Dorset. He died unmarried, aged 83, in Brighton, Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="20788176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788176" title="Zomicarpella">
Zomicarpella

Zomicarpella is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It contains only two species both of which are native to Colombia. The two species composing the genus are "Zomicarpella maculata" and "Zomicarpella amazonica". The leaves are hastate or sagittate. The chromosome number for "Zomicarpella" species is 2n=26. Additionally, the seeds produced by both species have an endosperm.

</doc>
<doc id="20788190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788190" title="Laurie Rozakis">
Laurie Rozakis

Dr. Laurie Rozakis (born July 20, 1952) is a writer of the "Complete Idiots" books and an expert on writing, grammar, usage, and test preparation. She earned her Bachelor of Arts from Hofstra University in 1973; her Master of Arts from Hofstra in 1975; and her PhD from the State University of New York in 1984.
Career highlights.
Rozakis got her start as a writer in 1981, when she published a review book on the Advanced Placement exam in English Literature with ARCO. To date, she has published more than 100 books and articles.
In addition to writing, Rozakis has been teaching for 38 years.
Rozakis's first work was a series of books for ARCO, many in test preparation (The "New GED, College English Placement and Proficiency Exam," "Reading Power: Getting Started", and "Power Reading".) She continued writing widely on test preparation, publishing three test prep books for elementary and middle-school students through Scholastic.
The Complete Idiots Guides.
Between 1995 and 2003, Rozakis wrote more than a dozen books in the "Complete Idiot's Guides" series, including "The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Creative Writing", "The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Research Methods" and "The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Grammar and Style". She has revised many of the books for subsequent editions.
Scholarship.
Rozakis's early scholarship focused on writing, including articles on evaluating writing for "SUNY Councils on Writing", "The Missouri English Bulletin", "Exercise Exchange", and "Kansas English". Subsequently, she turned to early American literature, publishing “A New Source for Hawthorne’s Hester Prynne” in "American Transcendental Quarterly: A Journal of New England Writers" (1986). This was followed by “Puritan Punishment for Adulterous Conduct” in "The Nathaniel Hawthorne Review" (1990). In 2004, she wrote essays on Louis Simpson and Alicia Ostriker for the "Encyclopedia of Multiethnic American Literature". She wrote an analysis of classic American novels for the PBS televisions series "The American Novel" (2007).
Video Instruction.
Rozakis has combined her expertise with writing and speaking in a series of instructional videos. These include a 10 CD/video series: "Upgrade Your Writing Skills" (2006–07) and a 4 CD/Video series: "SAT Subject Test, English" (2008) for Video Aided Instruction.
Speaking career.
Rozakis has a flourishing career as a public speaker, giving frequent lectures, seminars, and interviews. Her television work includes serving as the “Vocabulary Judge” in the Word of the Day final contest on "Live with Regis and Kelly", being a grammar expert on "Good Day New York", and being part of a panel on the CBS "The Morning Show" and another on the "Maury Povich Show".
She has been interviewed for "Newsday," "The Los Angeles Times," "The Sacramento Bee," "The New York Times," "The Chicago Tribune," National Public Radio's "Morning Edition," "New York Daily News," "The Newark Star-Ledger," "Seventeen" magazine, "The New York Post," and "The Dallas Morning News" on grammar and test preparation.
Personal life.
Rozakis is married to comic book writer and editor Bob Rozakis, with whom she has collaborated on a few comic book stories, as well as "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Office Politics" They have two children, son Charles "Chuck", who wrote his Princeton University thesis on the business viability of webcomics, and daughter Samantha "Sammi".
Honors and awards.
Rozakis has received a number of noteworthy awards including being named the Town of Oyster Bay “Woman of Distinction” in the Arts (2008). She won The State University of New York Chancellor’s Award for Excellence in Teaching in 1994 and number of fellowships, including several Joint Labor/Management Committee Individual Development Awards, a Porter Fellowship, a Farmingdale College Foundation Faculty Merit Award, and an Empire State Challenger Fellowship. Her career and life are profiled in the reference books "Contemporary Authors" and "Something About the Author".

</doc>
<doc id="20788205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788205" title="Lantan">
Lantan

Lantan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20788209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788209" title="Arnold Brunckhorst">
Arnold Brunckhorst

Arnold Matthias Brunckhorst (1670–1725) was a German organist and composer. 
He was born in Celle or Wietzendorf. Beginning in 1693, he served as an organist at St. Andreas in Hildesheim. In 1697, he assumed the organist's post at the Stadtkirche in Celle. In 1720, he was appointed court organist at Hanover. 
Works, editions and recordings.
Only a few works by him have survived: two small oratorios - for Christmas and Easter, one single-movement keyboard sonata in A major (regarded as the earliest German documentation of the form of the two-part sonata structure, comparable to the formal type encountered in Domenico Scarlatti), and a praeludium in E minor for organ.
Oster-Historie", Harpsichord Sonata in A major. Musica Poetica Freiburg, dir. Hans Bergmann

</doc>
<doc id="20788221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788221" title="Ron English">
Ron English

Ron English may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20788223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788223" title="Inter-State T20 Championship">
Inter-State T20 Championship

Indian Inter-State T20 Championship.
Inter-State T20 Championship - After India became another member of the ICC Twenty20 and played its first international T20 against South Africa, BCCI launched its own state structure in 2006-07 season, with 27 Ranji teams divided in 5 Zones. The final was played between Punjab and Tamil Nadu, which the latter won by 2 wickets and 2 balls remaining, thereby becoming the only ever winner of this series. In this series, Rohit Sharma also became the only ever Indian to register a T20 century for Mumbai against Gujarat. The competition was later replaced by a franchise-based IPL.
In the 2008-09 season, an inaugural tournament between state teams will replace the Inter-State Championship and will be played with teams divided into two groups on zonal basis. The winners of the two groups will meet in an all-star finals and winner will take home the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
The teams that took part and will take part in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy are

</doc>
<doc id="20788226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788226" title="Trojan Knights">
Trojan Knights

The Trojan Knights are an American service and spirit organization associated specifically with the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, California. The organization is officially dedicated to "Brotherhood, philanthropy, and spirit" and its members have been recognized by USC as "Official University Hosts" and "Guardians of Tradition." The group has been a part of many university traditions and remains active in on- and off-campus events and causes. While not a traditional Greek fraternity, the Trojan Knights have many characteristics similar to fraternities such as a pledge semester, rush process, and strong brotherhood.
History.
The Knights were founded in 1921 by USC students Harry Pryor, Harry Kennedy, and Lindley Bothwell. 
Bothwell is also credited with numerous other contributions to USC's spirit activities including coaching both USCs Song Girls and the now-defunct USC Yell Leaders and, along with fellow founder Harry Pryor, the introduction of organized card stunts at football games. 
In the early years, the organization's recruiting process was systematically tied to that of the university's Greek fraternities, and the majority of new members were also members of a Greek-letter fraternity. Emblematic of these early ties is the fact that Lindley Bothwell is also credited with helping to found the USC chapter of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity five years later in 1926.
Notable events.
After the USC-UCLA rivalry game in 1941, six Trojan Knights (also members of the Sig Ep fraternity) discreetly plotted and carried out what is now politely referred to as the 'appropriation' of the Victory Bell from the UCLA sidelines. After a year-long prank war between the schools and threats by the administration to cancel that year's game, the bell was returned and subsequently made the official rivalry trophy of the annual game by contract between the student body presidents of the two universities. 
In 1946, a Knight rescued a dog from a Santa Monica beach. A year later, after becoming a common sight around campus, the dog (named George Tirebiter) would become USC's unofficial mascot. Knights would continue to care for the dog who was later killed in a car crash. A statue honoring the dog's memory currently stands at the south end of Trousdale Parkway on the USC campus. 
The Knights are also linked to the origins of Traveler, the white horse that currently serves as USC's official mascot. Although the first official 'Traveler' did not appear until 1961, a Trojan Knight named Arthur J. Gontier III rode a white horse at a USC football game in 1954. This, along with an earlier appearance by a horse in 1948, set a precedent for what has become a long USC tradition of equine mascots. 
The Knights later received national media attention after the "Westwood Sucks" card stunt incident. During the 1971 ABC broadcast of the USC-UCLA rivalry game, only the middle part of a Knights-organized card stunt meant to read "Why do people go to UCLA? Westwood sucks...them in" made the air.
Throughout this time, Knights were also involved in arranging and hosting university events not related to athletics. In his memoir, "Awakening Waves", Alumnus Richard LeVine recalls using his position as a Trojan Knight in 1960 to arrange campus speaking engagements with then-presidential candidates Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy.
Trojan Knights in the 2000s.
The Knights have gained national visibility as a result of their activities during each fall's football season. Knights have been featured on ESPN's "College GameDay" body-painting with the school colors and letters spelling out messages. 
The Knights are also involved in various "rivalry week" activities surrounding the annual game against UCLA. The Knights stand guard night and day at the base of USC's Tommy Trojan Statue, a common target of past UCLA pranks, for the week prior to the game and organize an annual bonfire at which a representation of the UCLA Bruin mascot is burned.
The Knights also guard the Victory Bell on game days, and ring it after touchdowns during the first three quarters of all home games when it is in USC possession.
Beyond their work as a spirit organization, the Knights participate at many on- and off-campus events and causes at USC. The Knights work alongside their sister organization, the USC Helenes, as well as other USC student organizations, fraternities, sororities and athletic teams at USC's annual "Swim With Mike" philanthropy event. According to the group's website, they also host other social and philanthropic events including an annual Fall philanthropy fundraiser known as "Tirebiter Run" that raises funds for the "Keep Kids Safe" campaign of "A Better LA". In addition, Knights work as volunteer staff during various university-hosted events.
Famous alumni.
Famous alumni of the organization include actors John Wayne and Tom Selleck, who were also both members of Sigma Chi, Disneyland's First President Jack Lindquist, the "winningest" college baseball coach of all time Raoul "Rod" Dedeaux, Nevada Senator Dean A. Heller, Richard Nixon's USC Mafia Members Donald H. Segretti and Dwight Chapin, and real estate developer Rick J. Caruso.

</doc>
<doc id="20788231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788231" title="The Vortex">
The Vortex

The Vortex is a play by the English writer and actor Noël Coward. The story focuses on sexual vanity and drug abuse among the upper classes. The play was Coward's first great commercial success.
After London productions in 1924–25, the play received a New York production in 1924–26. It has enjoyed several recent revivals.
Background and productions.
The story is about a nymphomaniac socialite and her cocaine-addicted son (played by Coward). Some saw the drugs as a mask for homosexuality, while Kenneth Tynan later described it as "a jeremiad against narcotics with dialogue that sounds today not so much stilted as high-heeled".
It was first performed in 1924 at the Everyman Theatre, Hampstead in north London. Leading London managements had wished to stage the play, but had not wanted Coward to play the juvenile lead, Nicky. As one of Coward's principal objects in writing the play had been to give himself "a first-rate opportunity for dramatic acting" he produced the play himself on borrowed money, and cast himself as Nicky. Upset by a last-minute rewrite that she believed diminished her role, the female star, Kate Cutler, dropped out a week before the premiere, but Coward was able to engage the veteran actress Lilian Braithwaite, who learned the part at very short notice. The original production was well received for its passionate acting and became a sensation because of its scandalous subject matter. The production moved to the West End at the Royalty Theatre on 16 December 1924, then transferred to the Comedy Theatre in February 1925 and finally to The Little Theatre, closing on 16 June 1925. On the few occasions when Coward was unable to play the part, his role was taken by his understudy, John Gielgud. The sets and costumes were designed by Coward's friend Gladys Calthrop.
As Coward noted in his memoir "Present Indicative", "The Press notices... were, on the whole, enthusiastic." "The Daily Mirror" called it "an interesting and, in some respects, a remarkable comedy". "The Manchester Guardian" had some reservations, but described the play as "genuinely and deeply interesting". "The Observer" also had reservations but thought parts of the play "the best thing Mr. Coward has yet done in playwriting." "The Times" opined: "It is a study that has wit, observation, and a sincerity, leaping out between flippances, which is its peculiar merit."
The play opened on Broadway at the Henry Miller's Theatre on 16 September 1925 and closed in January 1926 after 157 performances. Braithwaite and Coward reprised their roles, with Coward and Basil Dean directing. It was revived in 1974 at the Greenwich Theatre, London, with Vivien Merchant and Timothy Dalton; in New York City off-Broadway at the Diane Von Furstenburg Studio, The Theater, in 2001; and at the Donmar Warehouse in London in 2002. In 2008 the play was performed at London's Apollo Theatre, starring Felicity Kendal as Florence and Dan Stevens as Nicky, both of whom were highly praised for their performances.
Ivor Novello appeared in a 1928 film version. In 1975, Glyn Dearman produced a BBC Radio version with Martin Jarvis as Nicky, Elizabeth Sellars as Florence and Timothy Dalton as Tom.
Synopsis.
The story follows a talented young composer, Nicky Lancaster. Nicky proposes to his lover Bunty, a journalist, while his mother Florence, an ageing socialite, has extramarital affairs with younger men, including Tom, who is also Bunty's ex-fiancé. Tensions come to a boil as Nicky struggles with his severe cocaine addiction and repressed homosexuality (a theme that was necessarily subtly conveyed, considering contemporary attitudes), as well as the simmering resentment he feels for his vainglorious mother.

</doc>
<doc id="20788236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788236" title="Henry Gleitman">
Henry Gleitman

Henry Gleitman (born 1925) is a Professor Emeritus of Psychology at the University of Pennsylvania. 
Gleitman was born in Leipzig, Germany. He received his Ph.D. in psychology from the University of California, Berkeley. He then taught at Swarthmore College before joining the UPenn faculty in 1953.
Gleitman is a cognitive psychologist with interests in language (especially the relationship between semantics and syntax), but he claims, "I'm probably better identified as a general psychologist whose research interests range over many of the traditional areas of psychological inquiry." Gleitman is best known for his authorship of "Psychology", a classic textbook first published in 1981 used in many Introduction to Psychology classes, now in its eighth edition. He is married to fellow psychologist Lila R. Gleitman, an internationally-renowned language acquisition researcher, who is also a Professor Emerita of Psychology and Linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20788242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788242" title="Ako priđeš bliže">
Ako priđeš bliže

Ako priđeš bliže is the second studio album by Zdravko Čolić, released in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20788244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788244" title="Star Air Cargo">
Star Air Cargo

Star Air Cargo Pty Ltd is an airline company based in South Africa that leases Boeing 737 aircraft on short and medium terms leases to scheduled airlines in the sub-Saharan African Region.
History.
Star Air Cargo (SAC) has been trading since 1996. Originally SAC operated smaller aircraft, flying courier freight and small cargo for DHL and other companies contracted to fly for FedEx. After starting to operate passenger flights, SAC decided to move out of the smaller aircraft and to begin operating the Boeing 737, and started with their first 737-200 aircraft in 2007.
Star Air Maintenance Pty Ltd (SAM) is a subsidiary company of SAC that provides all the AOC’s maintenance requirements up to B check. SAM is based and operates from a hangar in the Denel Aviation Campus facility, at O. R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg. SAM also offers line maintenance to third parties.
Fleet.
Current fleet.
The Star Air Cargo fleet includes the following aircraft as of 31 December 2011: 
Future fleet.
SAC has begun negotiating with aircraft leasing companies to lease in the newer generation 737-300 and 737-500 aircraft, which will begin to replace the 737-200s over a two-year period.

</doc>
<doc id="20788247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788247" title="Julius Fast">
Julius Fast

Julius Fast (April 17, 1919 – December 16, 2008) was an American author of both fiction and non-fiction. In 1946 he was the first recipient of the Edgar Award given by the Mystery Writers of America for the best first novel of 1945.
Fast was born in Manhattan, the younger brother of novelist Howard Fast. Majoring in pre-med, he earned a bachelor's degree at New York University. He served in the United States Army Medical Corps for three years, serving in a blood lab in Boston. He edited "Out of This World", a 1944 collection of science fiction stories while he was still in the Army.
He married author Barbara Sher in 1946. They co-wrote the 1979 book "Talking Between the Lines: How We Mean More Than We Say". Their three children are: Jennie Gelfand, Dr. Melissa Morgan and Timothy Fast. In 1997, Fast and his son co-authored "The Legal Atlas of the United States".
His first novel, "Watchful at Night", written in 1945 while he was still serving in the Army, was given the first award presented at the inaugural Edgar Allan Poe Award in 1946 for Best First Novel by an American Author in 1945. Reviewer Isaac Anderson of "The New York Times" described his 1947 novel "Walk in Shadow" as a "profoundly moving novel of crime and punishment", telling the story of a once-honest man who becomes a murderer.
Fast wrote and edited for a number of medical magazines, where his time employed at a podiatry journal provided the background he needed to write the 1970 book "You and Your Feet". Other non-fiction works reflected a broad range of subjects, including the 1968 book "The Beatles: The Real Story", "The New Sexual Fulfillment" published in 1972 and his 1979 book "Weather Language". His 1988 semiautobiographical novel "What Should We Do About Davey?" described a gawky teen at a Catskill Mountains summer camp for boys.
He wrote a number of books on request for publishers on subjects of current interest, including writing "What You Should Know About Human Sexual Response" in months after the 1966 publication of "Human Sexual Response" by Masters and Johnson.
He died at age 89 in Kingston, New York on December 16, 2008, after suffering a stroke in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20788260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788260" title="In Christ Alone (disambiguation)">
In Christ Alone (disambiguation)

In Christ Alone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20788261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788261" title="François Klaus">
François Klaus

François Klaus (born in France), is a ballet dancer and choreographer.
He began dancing with the Geneva Ballet in Switzerland, continuing with the Stuttgart Ballet and later the Munich Ballet both under the direction of John Cranko becoming a principal dancer. Francois joined The Hamburg Ballet under the direction of John Neumeier. Francois choreographed on several occasions for members of the Hamburg Ballet and for the Semper Oper Ballet, Dresden. He then accepted an offer from the Bern Theatre in Switzerland to become Artistic Director in 1991. In 1997, Francois was appointed Artistic Director of Queensland Ballet.
References.
Meakins, Felicity, March 14, 2000 "Alice Dances!" http://reviews.media-culture.org.au/events/alice-c.html
Anderson, Jack, March 24, 1983: "DANCE: FRANCOIS KLAUS IN HAMBURG'S MAHLER" http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C04E1DB1339F937A15750C0A965948260 The New York Times

</doc>
<doc id="20788283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788283" title="Prince of the Lilies">
Prince of the Lilies

The Prince of the Lilies or the Lily prince, is a celebrated ancient Minoan fresco on the Greek island of Crete dated to circa 1550 BC (the new palace period between 1700 and 1450 BC).
The Minoan Frescoes.
Fresco painting was one of the most important forms of Minoan art. Unfortunately, many of the surviving examples are fragmentary. The walls of the great halls of the palaces and houses of Crete were skilfully decorated with frescoes. The paint was applied swiftly while the wall plaster was still wet, so that the colours would be completely absorbed and not fade. The Minoans followed the Egyptian convention regarding colours, for example, red for men's flesh, white for women's flesh, yellow represented gold, blue represented silver, and red represented bronze. By the existing frescoes one can gain the sense of the character of Minoan life and art and the Minoan "joie de vivre". Some frescoes were reconstructed between 1450–1400 BC, when the Myceneans had established themselves on the island and show a completely different style in art.
Location.
A copy of the painting is placed at the "Procession Fresco" a long passageway known as the "Corridor of the Procession" at the palace of Knossos, while the original is on display at the Heraklion Archaeological Museum. It shows a young man strolling in a garden. He wears a short apron which was incorrectly added by Arthur Evans (the archaeologist,), a necklace of lilies, a crown of lilies and peacock feathers. He is thought to represent the "Priest King" of Knossos. Possibly he has a griffin or a sphinx on a leash held in his left hand. His skin is painted white which was normally reserved for depicting women.
Reconstitution.
The reconstitution of the so-called "Priest-king" from Knossos is one of the more popular figures of minoan art. It is made with three ancient fragments of painted plaster (the crown, the torso, the left leg); the other parts are modern, hypothetic painting. When Arthur Evans uncovered the plaster fragments in 1901, he wrote that they belonged to different personages and "the torso may suggest a boxer".
Anatomical observation of this torso shows a contracted powerful musculature and the left disappeared arm was surely in ascendant position because the pectoral muscle is raised. These observations allow us to conclude the torso was one of a boxer resembling the many athletic representations engraved on the Boxer Vase from Agia Triadha. The lily crown belonged to another personage, perhaps a priestess (like on Agia Triadha sarcophagus). The painted reliefs of two athletes boxing in the palace of Knossos were surely the model of the "boxing children" fresco in Akrotiri at Thera.
Trivia.
A stylized version of the fresco is the official logo of the Greek ferry company Minoan Lines.

</doc>
<doc id="20788285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788285" title="Gilles Pelletier">
Gilles Pelletier

Gilles Pelletier, OC (born March 22, 1925 in Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian actor. He is probably best known for his portrayal as Corporal Jacques Gagnier in the police drama "R.C.M.P.". In 1964, he founded the Nouvelle Compagnie théâtrale, a live theatre for youths and served as director for fifteen years. He is the brother of Denise Pelletier, who was a stage actor and whose name was given to the Prix Denise-Pelletier in 1998, for cultural and scientific achievements of French Canadians, which was awarded to Glles for his lifetime career in the theatre. He was also made an Officer of the Order of Canada on July 11, 1988 for his services to Canadian French drama. He has also been nominated for a Genie Award and a Gémeaux Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20788287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788287" title="List of bees of Great Britain">
List of bees of Great Britain

This page contains a list of bees of Great Britain. The following species are all within the superfamily Apoidea.

</doc>
<doc id="20788303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788303" title="Armenians in Bangladesh">
Armenians in Bangladesh

The Armenians in Bangladesh are ethnic Armenians who lived in what is now called Bangladesh. Their numbers have diminished significantly, but there is a notable presence in the country, particularly in Dhaka.
There was a fairly large Armenian colony in Dhaka during the early part of the 18th century, most of whom were engaged in the jute trade. Prominent Armenian jute merchants had their own companies, like Messrs Sarkies & Sons, Messrs David & Co., etc. Gradually, the jute business was monopolised by the more powerful and better-organised British firms. The early Armenian settlers built a small chapel in the midst of their community graveyard. By the end of the 18th century, the Armenian community had grown considerably, and the chapel was found inadequate for the needs of the community, so it was replaced by the Holy Resurrection Church. The church was completed in 1781 and consecrated by Bishop Ephreim. A belfry was added in 1837. In 1910 a parsonage was added and the floor of the church was decorated with marble, and electric lights.
The Armenian Apostolic Church of Holy Resurrection of Dhaka still remains today.
Armenian community of Dhaka.
The Armenian community of Dhaka played a significant role in Bengali trade and commerce in the 17th and 18th centuries. In the early part of 18th Century, Armenians settled in Dhaka, then one of the commercial centres in Bengal. They initially built a chapel and cemetery at Tejgagon, five miles from Dhaka. The oldest tombstone is “Avetis” an Armenian merchant who died on 15 August 1714. Apart from Dhaka there was a significant Armenian presence in Saidabad (a suburb of the capital Murshidabad), Hoogli, Kolkata, Chinsura, Patna and Kasimbazar. A neighborhood in Dhaka, Armanitola, bears their name; there is the Church of the Holy Resurrection and the cemetery established by the community in 1781 standing as major landmarks. Their assertive presence, however, began to decline from the beginning of British rule. Michael Joseph Martin (Mikel Housep Martirossian) is reported to have been the last Armenian in Dhaka.

</doc>
<doc id="20788311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788311" title="List of wasps of Great Britain">
List of wasps of Great Britain

This page contains a list of wasps of Great Britain. The following species are of the order Hymenoptera and suborder Apocrita that is neither a bee nor ant.

</doc>
<doc id="20788327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788327" title="2009 Beach Cricket Tri-Nations series">
2009 Beach Cricket Tri-Nations series

The 2009 XXXX Gold Beach Cricket Tri-Nations series was contested between Australia (hosts), New Zealand (returning champions) and South Africa.
By the end on round one New Zealand had once again showed their dominance by winning all three matches, with South Africa failing to make an impression losing both of their opening matches. Round two saw a role reversal with South Africa winning all three matches and New Zealand losing both of theirs, by this stage Australia were looking down and out having won just two games in six outings. Round three went the same way as round one New Zealand winning all three, Australia one and South Africa losing both matches. The final got underway after a brief break for some rain and lightning (which reduced the match to four overs per side), at which time New Zealand went out to bat and set South Africa a target of just 3 Which they chased down quite easily to become 2009 Champions.
Venues.
For 2009 all matches were played at Coolangatta Beach on the Gold Coast, Queensland. On the following dates:
Round one.
Round one competition was played on Saturday, 10 January and Sunday, 11 January 2009:
Round two.
Round two of competition was played on Saturday, 17 January and Sunday, 18 January 2009:
Round three.
Round three of competition was played on Saturday, 24 January and Sunday, 25 January 2009:
Final.
The final was played on Sunday, 25 January 2009, after a rain delay reduced the game to four overs per side.
Leaderboard.
Points

</doc>
<doc id="20788328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788328" title="2008 Beach Cricket Tri-Nations series">
2008 Beach Cricket Tri-Nations series

The 2008 XXXX Gold Beach Cricket Tri-Nations series was contested between Australia, England and New Zealand, with the eventual winner being New Zealand.
Venues.
The venues and dates were:
Round one.
Round one competition, played in Scarborough, Western Australia, on Saturday, 5 January and Sunday, 6 January 2008:
Round two.
Round Two competition, played in Glenelg, South Australia, on Wednesday, 9 January 2008:
Round three.
Round three competition, played in Maroubra, New South Wales, on Saturday, 12 January and Sunday 13 January 2008:
Round four.
Round four competition, played in Coolangatta, Queensland on Saturday, 19 January 2008:
Finals.
Finals, played in Coolangatta, Queensland, on Sunday, 20 January 2008:
"the Gold Legends were a combination of the English and New Zealand teams."
Leaderboard.
Points

</doc>
<doc id="20788329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788329" title="2007 Beach Cricket Tri-Nations series">
2007 Beach Cricket Tri-Nations series

The 2007 XXXX Gold Beach Cricket Tri-Nations series was the first instalment of the competition, and was contested between Australia, England and the West Indies with the eventual winner being England.
Venues.
The venues and dates were:
Round one.
Round one competition, played in Coolangatta, Queensland, on Friday, 19 January and Saturday, 20 January 2007:
Round two.
Round two competition, played in Scarborough, Western Australia, on Friday, 26 January and Saturday, 27 January 2007:
Round three.
Round three competition, played in Maroubra, New South Wales, on Saturday, 3 February 2007
Finals.
Finals, played in Maroubra, New South Wales, on Sunday, 4 February 2007:

</doc>
<doc id="20788353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788353" title="Zbog tebe">
Zbog tebe

Zbog tebe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20788354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788354" title="Consejo (album)">
Consejo (album)

Consejo is the fourth studio album released by Puerto Rican rock band La Secta AllStar. The album was released on May 3, 2005 by Universal Latino. It spawned three singles: "Consejo", "Este Corazón", and "La Locura Automática".
The album featured collaborations with artists like Wilkins and reggaeton artists Wisin & Yandel. A remix of "La Locura Automática" can also be found on "Los 12 Discípulos", a reggaeton album produced by Eddie Dee, and on the Deluxe Edition of "Consejo" (along with another remix and a bonus DVD).
In December 2005, the album was chosen as one of the 20 Most Significant Albums of 2005 by the National Foundation of Popular Culture.
Awards.
"Consejo" was nominated to a Grammy and a Lo Nuestro Award, and won a Billboard Award. On its first month, the album sold 80,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20788361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788361" title="4 Akogare My Star">
4 Akogare My Star

The album debuted at number 13 in the Oricon Weekly Albums Chart, remaining in the chart for 3 weeks.
It is the last album to feature Erika Umeda and Kanna Arihara.

</doc>
<doc id="20788364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788364" title="Johann Spörlein">
Johann Spörlein

Johann Spörlein (January 7, 1814 - November 19, 1873) was a German Catholic church historian who was a native of Burk, today a neighborhood in the city of Forchheim. He was a prominent supporter of philosopher Anton Günther (1783-1863).
He studied philosophy and theology in Bamberg, receiving his ordination in 1837. From February 1849, he was a professor of church history and church law at the Lyceum in Bamberg. Among his written works are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20788378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788378" title="Kota the triceratops">
Kota the triceratops

Kota the Triceratops is an animatronic toy dinosaur made by Hasbro and Playskool. It is modeled after a triceratops, and intended for children aged 3 to 6.
The toy debuted at the New York Toy Fair in February 2008, building on the reception of Ugobe's earlier Pleo robotic dinosaur toy, and went on sale in October 2008 for approximately US$300 as listed by the company website. A review by IEEE Spectrum indicated that it had 11 sensors over its body to sense touch and pressure, and makes appropriate noises (like roars) or movements (like tail-wagging) in response. It has some functionality to accept a folded "leaf" food and move its jaw and make appropriate chomping noises.

</doc>
<doc id="20788383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788383" title="Handslides">
Handslides

A handslide is the portion of a trombone that the player lengthens and shortens to adjust the instrument's pitch. 
A handslide consists of two main parts. The first is the inner slide, consisting of two tubes or "rails" which are open at both ends and are maintained parallel to each other by a brace near one end, that is held by the player's (typically left) hand. The second is the outer slide, which is a U-shaped piece whose sides fit around the inner slide's rails. The outer slide also has a cross-brace, which is held by the player's (generally right) hand and used to move the outer slide in and out as needed.
The manufacture of handslides is one of the more precise tasks involved in instrument construction, because they must be made accurately straight and parallel over a substantial length, in order not to impede the player's playing speed and accuracy.
For further details, see under trombone.

</doc>
<doc id="20788406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788406" title="Bergmann Simplex">
Bergmann Simplex

The Bergmann Simplex was a compact firearm produced in the early 1900s, utilizing innovations from the earlier Bergman Model 1896 pistol, as well as the Mars pistol. It was chambered for the proprietary Bergmann-Simplex 8mm cartridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20788418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788418" title="List of Oricon number-one albums of 1999">
List of Oricon number-one albums of 1999

These are the "Oricon" number one albums of 1999, per the Oricon Weekly Album Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20788434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788434" title="...Live in Chicago">
...Live in Chicago

...Live in Chicago is a live album and concert film by American rock band Panic! at the Disco. Released on December 2, 2008, it documents the band's performances at the Congress Theater in Chicago, Illinois, on May 23 and 24 on the 2008 Honda Civic Tour. At the time of its release the band dropped the exclamation mark from its band name.
Track listing.
CD content.
Tracks 1–11, 13–17 written and composed by Ryan Ross.<br>
Tracks 2, 10, and 12 written and composed by Brendon Urie.<br>
Tracks 2, 5, 10, 14, and 16 written and composed by Jon Walker.<br>
Tracks 2 and 10 written and composed by Spencer Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="20788439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788439" title="Michael Cottam">
Michael Cottam

Michael Cottam (born 23 September 1966) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Devon. He was born in Southampton.
Cottam, who represented three different Second XI teams between 1983 and 1986, and who represented Devon in the Minor Counties Championship in 1988, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1988 NatWest Trophy, against Nottinghamshire. From the tailend, he did not bat in the match, but he took figures of 0-51 with the ball from twelve overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20788440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788440" title="John Rhodes (cricketer)">
John Rhodes (cricketer)

John Rhodes (born 4 September 1962) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Devon. He was born in Lancaster.
Rhodes made his debut for Devon in the Minor Counties Championship of 1990, and played in the competition until 2001.
Rhodes made his first List A appearance for the team in 1995, in a game against Sussex, in which he took figures of 0-45 with the ball, but didn't bat in the match. Similarly in his second match, he did not bat, and was noted in the scorecard as being "absent hurt".
Having played consistently in the Minor Counties Championship for the following six years, he made his final appearance for the team in the C&G Trophy in September 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20788441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788441" title="Neil Vartan">
Neil Vartan

Neil Vartan (19 January 1962 — October 1994) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Woolwich and died in Uttlesford.
Vartan, who made his debut for Durham University in 1982, played for Hertfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1998 and 1989. He made his only List A appearance in the 1990 NatWest Trophy, against Warwickshire, scoring 10 runs.
Vartan died at the age of just 32.

</doc>
<doc id="20788442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788442" title="Richard Baggs">
Richard Baggs

Richard Baggs (born 19 November 1974) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Devon. He was born in Eastbourne, Sussex.
Baggs, who played a single match for Hampshire Second XI in 1994, played with Devon between 1995 and 2001. He made two NatWest Trophy appearances for the side, the first in 1997, against Leicestershire, in which he scored 5 runs, and his second in 1999, against Worcestershire, in which he scored 18 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20788443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788443" title="Richard Jerome">
Richard Jerome

Richard Jerome (born 4 April 1968) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Edgware, Greater London.
Jerome made his debut in the Minor Counties Championship in 1994, and played in the competition until 1999. He made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 2000 NatWest Trophy, against Cambridgeshire, scoring one run, bowling ten overs and taking economical figures of 1-12.
In 2006, Jerome played two matches for Letchworth in the Cockspur Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20788444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788444" title="Matthew Smith (cricketer)">
Matthew Smith (cricketer)

Matthew Smith (born 10 November 1990) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm off-break bowler who played for West Meon County Cricket Club. He was born in Harrow.
Smith, who made his Minor Counties Championship debut for the team during the 2008 season, made two List A appearances in the C&G Trophy in 2001. He scored 5 runs and took figures of 3-43 on his debut, and in his second match scored 18 runs, taking figures of 0-35.

</doc>
<doc id="20788445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788445" title="Kevin Barrett (cricketer)">
Kevin Barrett (cricketer)

Kevin Barrett (born 16 November 1975) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Devon. He was born in Swansea.
Barrett began his career playing with Glamorgan Colts and Glamorgan Under-19s between 1992 and 1993, and played for the Second XIs of Essex, Surrey, and Somerset between 1995 and 2000. This included spending two seasons (1999 and 2000) on the Surrey C.C.C. playing staff. Chin up Nick Cole.
Barrett's debut List A appearance came in the 1998 NatWest Trophy against Yorkshire, against whom he scored three runs.
Barrett made his second and final List A appearance four years later, in the 2002 C&G Trophy, against Yorkshire, in which he scored 6 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20788447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788447" title="Martin Taylor (cricketer)">
Martin Taylor (cricketer)

Martin Taylor (born 10 April 1957) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Devon. He was born in Liverpool.
Taylor, who played for Devon in the Minor Counties Championship between 1981 and 1987, made two appearances for the team in the NatWest Trophy, the first in 1984, and the second in 1987. He scored 12 runs in the first match in which he played, and 5 runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20788453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788453" title="Armenians in Pakistan">
Armenians in Pakistan

The Armenians in Pakistan are ethnic Armenians living in the present country of Pakistan. Many Armenians migrated from the surrounding countries of Iran, Afghanistan and India. Armenians have settled various parts of South Asia and many migrated to Karachi during the economic boom in the early 20th century. Notable Armenian settlements in Pakistan can be found in the cities of Karachi, Lahore and in the capital Islamabad. 
History.
Armenian inscriptions from 1606 and 1618 have been found by archaeologists in 1901 in the Thal Chotiali, Loralai District, in Balochistan. There was an Armenian colony established there in the beginning of the seventeenth century. Georgia and Armenia had been conquered by Safavid emperors Tahmasp I and Abbas I in 1547, 1600, 1603 and 1618 and a large number of Armenians were transported into several parts of the Persian Empire, Ispahan, Afghanistan, Makran, etc. In 1908, a British officer wrote that 
There was a fairly large Armenian colony in Lahore as early as the 16th century, in the time of the Mughal Empire. Armenians prospered there, and while most were general merchants, members of the community were also noted as owners of breweries. There was an church in Lahore "used by Armenian Christian traders" under the Mughal Emperor Akbar. 
In 1711, there was a Bishop of the Armenian Church in Lahore. However, many Armenians, including twenty merchants with their families, fled from the city after a Mughul governor threatened them. The community of the 17th and 18th centuries was greatly reduced, but with the arrival of British India, an Armenian presence continued in this part of the South Asia until the early 20th century. In 1907, the remaining Armenians in Lahore were visited by Armenian Archbishop Sahak Ayvadian, a primate of the Indo-Iranian Diocese in Calcutta.
The numbers of Armenians in Pakistan are much lower than they once were, but there is still an Armenian presence in Karachi. They have further been bolstered by newer Armenian refugees from neighboring Iran and Afghanistan and exact figures are uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="20788463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788463" title="Suanmeitang">
Suanmeitang

Suanmeitang or Sour prune drink is a traditional Chinese beverage made from sour plums (specifically, smoked Chinese plums), rock sugar, and other ingredients such as sweet osmanthus. Due to the sour plums used in its production, "suanmeitang" is slightly salty in addition to being sweet and rather sour.
"Suanmeitang" is commercially available in China, Taiwan, and other parts of the world with Chinese communities. It is often drunk chilled during the summertime, as relief from the heat, and is one of the most common summer drinks in China. In addition to being widely considered an effective drink for cooling off in the heat, it is also popularly believed to have minor health benefits, such as improving digestion and possibly inhibiting the buildup of lactic acid in the body.
History.
"Suanmeitang" has existed in some form for over 1,000 years, at least since the Song Dynasty (960–1279 CE); there are also reports of a variation called "white "suanmeitang"" (白酸梅汤) during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368 CE). The recipe used today is thought to have been developed at the request of the Qianlong Emperor of the Qing Dynasty during the early 18th century, at which time it was first common in the imperial courts, and was later popularized among common folk when a Hebei citizen created and produced the "Xinyuanzhai" (信远斋) brand. By the 1980s, companies had begun to use industrial methods and technology to mass-produce "suanmeitang".
Ingredients and production.
"Suanmeitang" is made by first soaking sour plums in water, then adding haw, liquorice root, and sweet osmanthus and boiling them together. Rose blossoms may also be added. After the mixture is boiled, rock sugar is added to the residue, it is boiled again, and after the beverage has cooled off it is chilled.

</doc>
<doc id="20788475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788475" title="Aulacocyclus edentulus">
Aulacocyclus edentulus

Aulacocyclus edentulus is a beetle of the Passalidae family that occurs in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20788500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788500" title="Psychometric Society">
Psychometric Society

The Psychometric Society is an international nonprofit professional organization devoted to the advancement of quantitative measurement practices in psychology, education, and the social sciences. 
The society publishes a scientific journal called Psychometrika concentrating in the area of statistics. The society also conducts an annual scientific meeting.
Past presidents include Louis Guttman, Joseph Kruskal, Quinn McNemar, Frederick Mosteller, Jacqueline Meulman and Robert L. Thorndike.
This academic journal published by the society, Psychometrika, has an Impact Factor of 2.205 as of 2012. 
See also.
List of scientific journals in statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20788502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788502" title="Bergmann Mars">
Bergmann Mars

The Bergmann Mars was Theodor Bergmann's first successful military pistol design. The pistol was originally designed for the 7.63 Mauser cartridge, but was soon changed to the proprietary 9mm Bergmann-Bayard cartridge.
Military service.
The Mars was adopted by the Spanish government in 1905, however, later they were evidently not delivered or fielded. Prototype Mars pistols in .45 ACP were submitted for military testing by the United States in 1906, but were not selected for adoption.

</doc>
<doc id="20788519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788519" title="Mikhail Alexandrovich Chernov">
Mikhail Alexandrovich Chernov

Mikhail Alexandrovich Chernov (; 20 November 1891 – 15 March 1938) was a Russian Bolshevik politician who was executed during the Great Purge.
He was born in Vichuga, now in Ivanovo Oblast, to a family of weavers. In 1909 he became a Menshevik and graduated from the gymnasium in Kostroma in 1911. Between 1913 and 1917 he attended Moscow University where he studied mathematics and physics. During this period he became friendly with Dmitri Furmanov. In 1914 his daughter was born in Ivanovo.
Work in Ukraine.
"For years, his leadership Narkomzemom Union accounted for the main second five-year period, the task in the agricultural sector has been the strengthening of logistical base kolkhoz system. The results of M.I. Chernoff were visible on the basis of the second five-year plan. Gross charges of grain in 1937 amounted to 94.7 against 68.4 million tonnes in 1933 yield of 9.3 and 6.7, respectively, tonne / hectare. Agriculture has had some success in the production of leading industrial crops. Gross output of industrial crops collective farms in constant prices 1926-1927 city was 926.3, in 1935, 1213, 9, 1936 - 1440.1, and in 1937 - 1622.4 million rubles."(From Book VI Chernoivanova "One and a half-century agrarian problems faced by the Agricultural authorities of Russia, 1837-2005", M. 2006).
Trial and rehabilitation.
He was arrested on 7 November, 1937, with his wife and family being arrested shortly later. He became one of the defendants in the Trial of the Twenty-One, the last of Stalin's purges. He was sentenced to be shot on 13 March 1938, and executed two days later. His daughter, Maria, was sentenced and executed on 21 April 1938. His son, Mikhail, died in 1942 in the Magadan Camp.
He and his family were rehabilitated on 4 February, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20788523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788523" title="Gabriel Achilier">
Gabriel Achilier

Gabriel Eduardo Achilier Zurita (born March 24, 1985) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Club Sport Emelec as a Defender.
Club career.
Born in Machala, Achilier began his professional career in Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Loja. There, he established himself as one of the growing, future defender of the national team. In 2004, he left to join Deportivo Azogues.
In Azogues, he began to make a name for himself through his marvelous performances. Achilier helped Azogues qualify for the 2007 Liguilla Final of Ecuador's Serie A. Azogues did not win the tournament but did good overall. In 2008, however, Achilier matured more in the game but Azogues had a horrible season. Azogues was last in the table and did not do well in the second fase either. As a result, Achilier and Azogues were relegated down to the second division.
In November 2008, Achilier became Emelec's first offseason reinforcement. He was loaned with an option to buy.
In December 2009, Club Sport Emelec enforced its option to buy over the player and signed him on a 5-year contract, because of his great performances as a "problem solver" for the manager, being able to play in several different positions of the pitch when needed.
International career.
Achilier was called up to represent Ecuador on May 27, 2008 against France.

</doc>
<doc id="20788530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788530" title="Bitter Sweet (TV drama)">
Bitter Sweet (TV drama)

Bitter Sweet is an Irish television drama produced by Element Pictures for RTÉ. It follows the difficulties encountered by three female friends who undergo difficult changes to their respective lives. The drama was broadcast on RTÉ One on 23 March 2008, an Easter Sunday, at 21:30. It is written and produced by Di Burrows and directed by Declan Eames. The costume designer was Sonya Lennon, future co-presenter of the fashion magazine show "Off the Rails". It featured the comedian/mimic Risteárd Cooper in a serious acting role. Robert Sheehan played the role of Liam.
Synopsis.
"Bitter Sweet" is the story of three reunited female friends from Dublin – Carmel, Gerry and Marie. The three are from very different worlds, but still share common attributes that appear most prominent when they all undergo significant changes in their lives. Carmel is married with four children and owns a house by the sea. Gerry has a successful career and is sophisticated but husbandless since his death. Marie has just been divorced after twenty years of marriage and struggles to adapt to the changes that Dublin has undergone in this time. The drama follows the new problems that the three encounter. Gerry’s toyboy begins to develop serious feelings for her despite her disinterest in such a notion. Marie has to deal with post-divorce dating. Carmel is reeling from a series of shock-revelations that have broken her marriage.
Reaction.
The "Irish Independent" was scathing in its criticism, describing the drama as "complete bollocks" in which "no cliché was left unturned". It was named by the newspaper as one of its six worst television programmes of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20788531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788531" title="Túnel">
Túnel

Túnel is the third studio album released by Puerto Rican rock band La Secta. The album was released in 2003 by Universal Latino.
Awards.
"Túnel" received a Lo Nuestro Award for Best Rock Album.

</doc>
<doc id="20788533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788533" title="Square thread form">
Square thread form

The square thread form is a common thread form for leadscrews. It gets its name from the square cross-section of the thread.
Advantages & disadvantages.
The greatest advantage of square threads is that they have a much higher intrinsic efficiency than Acme threads. Due to the lack of a thread angle there is no radial pressure, or bursting pressure, on the nut. This also increases the nut life.
The greatest disadvantage is the difficulty in machining such a thread. The single-point cutting tools or taps and dies used to cut the thread cannot have efficient rake and relief angles (because of the square form), which makes the cutting slow and difficult. Square threads also cannot carry as much load as a trapezoidal thread, because the root of the square thread is smaller. Also, there is no way to compensate for wear on the nut, so it must be replaced when worn out.
Classification.
Square threads are defined as follows by ISO standards:
where "Sq" designates a square thread, "60" is the nominal diameter in millimeters, and "9" is the pitch in millimeters. When there is no suffix it is a single start thread. If there is a suffix then the value after the multiplication sign is the lead and the value in the parentheses is the pitch. For example:
would denoted two starts, as the lead divided by the pitch is two. The "LH" denotes a left hand thread.

</doc>
<doc id="20788541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788541" title="Steve Burke (baseball)">
Steve Burke (baseball)

Steven Michael Burke (born March 5, 1955) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Seattle Mariners from -.

</doc>
<doc id="20788572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788572" title="Bursting pressure">
Bursting pressure


</doc>
<doc id="20788574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788574" title="Chegongmiao Station">
Chegongmiao Station

Chegongmiao Station (), literally means Chegong Temple Station in English, is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of Shennan Dadao (), at the west of Xiangmihu Road (), in Futian District, Shenzhen, China. It is near China Merchants Bank Tower () and Donghai Pacific Mall ().

</doc>
<doc id="20788583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788583" title="724 Squadron RAN">
724 Squadron RAN

724 Squadron was a Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm and Royal Australian Navy Fleet Air Arm flying squadron. The squadron was formed for the first time in 1945 and was last disbanded in 1984.
History.
724 Squadron was first formed on 10 April 1945 as a Royal Navy naval air communications unit. The squadron made daily flights between Sydney and Melbourne until 31 May 1946 when it was disbanded.
724 Squadron was recommissioned as an Australia unit on 1 June 1955 at the Royal Australian Navy's (RAN) main air station HMAS "Albatross". The squadron's role was to carry out fixed-wing conversion training and it was initially equipped with Wirraway, Sea Fury and Firefly propeller-driven aircraft and Vampire jets.
The squadron's role changed in October 1956 when it absorbed most of the decommissioned 723 Squadron's Sea Venom and Gannet aircraft and Sycamore helicopters. As part of this change 724 Squadron's Wirraways, Sea Furies and Fireflys were transferred to other units. In its new role the squadron provided Sea Venom and Gannet operational training on board the RAN's only aircraft carrier, HMAS "Melbourne". Three 724 Squadron pilots were killed during separate flying accidents during 1956.
724 Squadron's make-up continued to change in 1957 and 1958. The Sycamores were transferred back to the recommissioned 723 Squadron in early 1957 and the Gannets moved to 725 Squadron during 1958. This left 724 Squadron equipped with Sea Vampires and Sea Venoms. In 1959 the squadron formed an aerobatic team called the Ramjets which was equipped with Sea Venoms and performed at air shows across Australia.
The squadron's role and aircraft inventory expanded during the early 1960s as the RAN wound-down its fixed-wing aircraft operations. 724 Squadron absorbed 725 Squadron in June 1961 and 805 Squadron and 723 Squadron in June and November 1963 respectively. As a result of these changes the squadron's aircraft complement eventually included Sea Venoms, Gannets, Vampires, Fireflies, Dakotas and Autocars. Between 1963 and 1968 724 Squadron and 816 Squadron were the only FAA squadrons operating fixed-wing aircraft. During this time the squadron's roles included all-weather fighter, anti-submarine warfare and operational flying training along with fleet support, trials and communications tasks.
724 Squadron became an all-jet conversion training squadron again in December 1968 and was equipped with two-seat trainer variants of the new A-4G Skyhawks, Vampires and Venoms. The Vampires and Venoms were replaced by new MB-326 Macchi trainers between 1970 and 1972. Despite its rating as a second-line training unit, 724 Squadron participated in some fleet exercises and used its Skyhawks to provide close air support to Army units during ground manoeuvres.
The squadron's Skyhawks were also used in a new aerobatic team called the Checkmates.
In June 1982 HMAS "Melbourne" was decommissioned without being replaced. As a result, the RAN's fixed-wing aircraft squadrons were rapidly decommissioned. 724 Squadron absorbed 805 Squadron's Skyhawks in July 1982 and transferred its Macchis to the Royal Australian Air Force in 1983. The squadron was decommissioned at HMAS "Albatross" on 30 June 1984 and its Skyhawks were later sold to the Royal New Zealand Air Force.
Notes.
The "Checkmates" were an aerobatic team operated by 805 Sqn (VS 805) which was the front line Skyhawk sqn. Aircraft on this team at one stage sported a chess knight logo on the tailfin instead of the red/white check pattern. (The aircraft of 724 sported a similar pattern but in blue/yellow

</doc>
<doc id="20788592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788592" title="A.K. (film)">
A.K. (film)

A.K. is a 1985 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker about the Japanese director Akira Kurosawa. Though it was filmed while Kurosawa was working on "Ran", the film focuses more on Kurosawa's remote but polite personality than on the making of the film. The film is sometimes seen as being reflective of Marker's fascination with Japanese culture, which he also drew on for one of his best-known films, "Sans Soleil". The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20788600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788600" title="The Face Shop">
The Face Shop

The Face Shop () is a South Korea-based skincare and cosmetics manufacturer, retailer and a franchise business. It is a subsidiary of LG Household & Health Care of LG Corporation. Its products includes body, bath, skin care and make-up aimed at both women and men. Its headquarter is located in the LG Gwanghwamun Building in Jongno-gu, Seoul.
History.
The Face Shop was launched in December 2003 with one store in Myeongdong. The company's marketing is largely based on natural products. The CEO of 'TheFaceShop Co., Ltd.' is Jeong Un-ho (). It opened its 100th store in June 2004 and became the third largest cosmetics company in South Korea in December 2005. It continue to expanded and entered the overseas market opening its 100th store in April 2006 and flagship store in Beijing in March 2008. There are stores in countries including Australia, Brunei, Canada, China, the Dominican Republic, Indonesia, Japan, Jordan, Malaysia, Mongolia, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, UAE, United States, Costa Rica, and Vietnam. As of April 2012, it has 930 stores in 22 countries.
In November 2009, the company was bought by LG Household & Health Care and became a subsidiary in January 2010. At the time of acquisition The Face Shop had annual sales of with an operating margin of 19 percent. LG purchased a 90 percent stake with 70.2 percent from the biggest shareholder, Shepherd Detachering B.V., and 19.8 percent of the 29.8 percent from founder and president Jung Woon-ho. This amounted to a payment of in total with and paid respectively.
Products.
The Face Shop products range from makeup, skin care, body and hair products; such as Hydro Splash BB Cream, Extreme Volume Mascara-Lash Stretch, Gel Eyeliner, and Natural Sun SPF 45.
In popular culture.
In August 2012, as part of Lotte Department Store's expansion programme into China, a replica of Seoul’s main shopping district Myeongdong is featured in its new store in Tianjin, with outlets of Missha, The Face Shop and Skin Food.
Actor Bae Yong-joon was the primary spokesperson in Korea and had appeared in a variety of advertisements. Kim Hyun-joong of SS501 has since 2010 been the official model for the brand, together with Seohyun of Girls’ Generation. Kim is the official international ambassador of the brand while Seohyun being the nationwide ambassador.
In 2013, Suzy of miss A is joined as official model for the brand alongside Seohyun.
International.
In 2007, The Face Shop opened its first stores in the USA in the San Francisco Bay Area and the west coast. To search for spokesmodels for their USA division, they hosted the "Natural Beauty Contest". The grand prize was over $20,000 in cash and prizes for the winners as well as a 1-year contract as The Face Shop USA spokesmodel. Hundreds of applicants were narrowed to 80 models for Round 1. The final round of 34 finalists yielded six winners. The Face Shop products can now be found in The Face Shop stores and Walgreens across the United States.
On 27 September 2010, a video started circulating online of a CCTV-captured robbery and possible sexual assault in a branch of The Face Shop located in The Curve Shopping Centre, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Full details of the incident and a police report have yet to be released.

</doc>
<doc id="20788608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788608" title="United States presidential election in South Carolina, 2008">
United States presidential election in South Carolina, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in South Carolina took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 8 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
South Carolina was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 9.0% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Despite the significant proportion of African Americans in the state, South Carolina still remains, like most other states throughout the South, a GOP stronghold at the state and federal levels. Republican John McCain kept South Carolina in the GOP column in 2008, clinching 53.87% of the vote.
Primaries.
For both parties in 2008, South Carolina's was the first primary in a Southern state and the first primary in a state in which African Americans make up a sizable percentage of the electorate. For Democrats, it was also the last primary before 22 states hosted their primaries or caucuses on February 5, 2008 (Super Tuesday). 
Democratic primary.
The 2008 South Carolina Democratic presidential primary took place on January 26, 2008. Senator Barack Obama of Illinois won the primary's popular vote by a 28.9% margin.
South Carolina's 45 delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention were awarded proportionally based on the results of the primary. The state also sent nine superdelegates.
Campaign Finances.
On the day of the South Carolina primary, Senator John Edwards led in fund raising from the state of South Carolina, followed by Barack Obama and Bill Richardson. 
Obtained from CNN as of January 26, 2008
Polling leading up to primary.
All monthly averages were retrieved from RealClearPolitics.
Despite maintaining a major early lead in the polls, Senator Clinton rapidly fell after the Iowa Caucuses, as Barack Obama skyrocketed and John Edwards began to receive a gradual increase in the polling. 
However, in the last three polls taken before the South Carolina Primary, Barack Obama took a commanding lead over both Edwards and Clinton. Also, Former Senator John Edwards had come into the margin of error with Senator Clinton for second place in the South Carolina Primary.
Final Campaigning.
Obama Campaign.
Throughout the South Carolina campaign, most pundits had predicted Barack Obama the winner, primarily because of the state's large African-American population. For this reason, Obama was shown to be significantly ahead of his two rivals, John Edwards, who carried the state in 2004, and Hillary Clinton, whose husband was popular in the African-American community. In early polls taken in the weeks leading up to the primary, Clinton had a double-digit lead over both Edwards and Obama (see poll averages above). 
During a majority of the final campaigning, the attacks between the Clinton campaign and the Obama campaign highly intensified by the candidates as well as the media coverage. Barack Obama began to attack former President Bill Clinton for his comments which were taken as racist. These comments are considered by analyst and historians alike as the turning point of the South Carolina primary and ultimately the cause of Clinton's loss of support from the black community.
Despite the increasing tensions between the Clinton and Obama camps, Obama continued to widely lead in the polls (despite a surge by Edwards). Into the final days of the campaign in South Carolina, it became apparent that Obama would win by a rather wide margin. The final tally had Obama winning by 28.9% over his closest rival, Hillary Clinton.
Clinton Campaign.
In the early months of the campaign, Clinton enjoyed a steep lead over Senator Obama, and a 30 point lead over former Senator John Edwards. However, after Obama's win in Iowa, Clinton's campaign in South Carolina began to fall apart by the Obama political machine rolling into South Carolina with force. 
For Clinton, despite winning the popular vote in Nevada, the fact that she had lost Nevada's National Delegates, receiving 12 compared to Obama's 13 still lingered in the media. This, combined with the fact of Bill Clinton's continuing negative publicity from "injecting race into the campaign" as several people called Bill Clinton's actions in his wife's campaign.
Between battling media scrutiny on Bill Clinton, constant attacks between the Obama and Clinton campaigns, and a surging John Edwards which threatened a Clinton second place finish, poll number began to plunge, with a poll taken by Reuters-Cspan-Zogby showing Clinton in the margin of error for second place with Edwards, with Edwards at 21% and Clinton at 25%. This was also combined with the fact of Edwards's constant barrage of attacks claiming Clinton (and Obama's) big city politics were "too good for the people of South Carolina".
However, despite the attacks from opponents that Bill Clinton's attacks largely alienated African-Americans, Clinton was able to keep a 35% support amongst that key constituency, while losing the white vote to Edwards, In the end, Clinton's African-American support was able to place her in a clear second place finish, finishing 9 points ahead of John Edwards despite losing to Obama by 29 points.
Edwards Campaign.
After the terrible results for the Edwards Campaign during the Nevada caucuses, in which Edwards finished in third with 4% of the state delegation and received no national delegates, South Carolina began to look as a state where he needed a strong finish, after finishing in third in the last three primaries which took place, and trailing in the number of total national delegates. 
South Carolina was the state in which Edwards was born and raised. In 2004, Edwards won the South Carolina Primary, with 45% of the vote to John Kerry's 30% and Al Sharpton's 10%. While entering South Carolina, it become apparent that he needed a first place finish, which seemed impossible, or a second place finish, which seemed more within grasp.
Before the CNN South Carolina Debate in Myrtle Beach on Monday, January 21, 2008, John Edwards was placing a distant third in a poll taken before the debates on January 19, in which he placed third with 15% compared to Hillary Clinton's second place with 27%. However, after the South Carolina debates, the tone of the campaign severely shifted.
During the South Carolina Democratic Debate in Myrtle Beach, Edwards sought to distinguish himself from Senators Obama and Clinton, and criticized them for their attacks and "big city" politics. As soon as he began to question how the attacks helped, he was widely cheered by the audience for in what many people thought was what distinguished Edwards from negative campaigning. Saying "This kind of squabbling, how many children are going to get healthcare? How many people are going to get an education from this? How many kids are going to be able to go to college because of this? We have got to understand and I respect both of my fellow candidates, but we have got to understand that this is not about us personally, it is about what we are trying to do for this country and what we believe in", Edwards began to get applause from several members of the audience. 
After the debate, John Edwards began to see a major influx of money and in turn, poll numbers began to rise rapidly in Edwards's favor. Along with the debate performance, Bill Clinton's remarks began to alienate black supporters from Clinton, and white supporters from Obama. As a result, Edwards won amongst white voters ages 30 to 50, while receiving the same amount of support from white 60+ year olds as Hillary Clinton according to CNN Exit Polls 
However, Edwards was not able to get much support from non-whites, and according to Exit Polls, received only 2% of the non-white support, while receiving 40% of the white support.
Results.
Barack Obama won the primary, taking 44 of the 46 counties; Edwards won in his native Oconee County, while Clinton won in Horry County, which contains Myrtle Beach.
Republican primary.
The South Carolina Republican primary, 2008 was held on January 19, with 24 delegates at stake. The Republican National Committee took half of South Carolina's 47 delegates away from them because the state committee moved its Republican primary before February 5. It was held on the same day as the Nevada Republican caucuses, 2008.
The primary has become one of several key early state nominating contests in the process of choosing the nominee of the Republican party for the November 2008 election for President of the United States. It has historically been more important for the Republican Party than for the Democratic Party; from its inception in 1980 through the election of 2000, the winner of the Republican presidential primary has gone on to win the nomination. As of 2008, the primary has cemented its place as the "First in the South" primary for both parties. 
This states 24 delegates would be awarded on a "Winner-Takes-All" basis. 12 Delegates for the State-wide winner and 12 delegates awarded on a District-winner basis awarding 2 delegates for each of the states then 6 Congressional districts.
Polling.
As of January 19, RealClearPolitics reported that the average support from polls placed McCain in the lead with 26.9%, followed by Huckabee with 25.9%, Romney with 14.7%, Thompson with 14.6%, Paul with 4.4%, and Giuliani with 3.4%.
Results.
Huckabee was for weeks leading in the state but lost by a 14,743 vote margin. He did manage to win Congressional districts 3, 4 and 5 in the North of the state earning him a total of 6 delegates.
John McCain won the state-wide primary earning him 12 Delegates as well as Congressional Districts 1, 2 and 6. earning him an additional 6 delegates for a total of 18.
On January 22, 2008 after a poor showing Fred Thompson dropped out of the race. Duncan Hunter did so too.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every single pre-election poll. The final 3 polls averaged McCain leading with 53% to 43%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $2,574,332 in the state. Barack Obama raised $2,227,877.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $967,640. McCain and his interest groups spent $587,645. Neither campaign visited the state.
Analysis.
South Carolina, historically part of the Solid South, has become a Republican stronghold in the past few presidential elections. Since Barry Goldwater carried the state in 1964, the only Democratic presidential nominee to win it was Jimmy Carter of neighboring Georgia in 1976. Since then, the Palmetto State has been a safe bet for the Republicans. This trend continued in 2008, even though South Carolina has one of the highest African-American populations in the country. Neither Obama nor McCain seriously contested the state, as it was viewed by both campaigns as a safe GOP/McCain/red state.
On Election Day, McCain captured South Carolina with 53.87% of the vote. McCain dominated the populous northwest, while Obama did best in the cities of Columbia and Charleston, as well as the rural, heavily African American areas. In comparison to the past two elections where the margin was much larger, Obama's relative closeness can be attributed to the large turnout of African American voters in the state who cast their votes 96% for Obama. McCain's margin of victory in South Carolina was much less than that of George W. Bush who carried the Palmetto State in 2004 with 57.98% of the vote to John Kerry's 40.90%, a 17.08-percent margin of victory compared to McCain's 8.97% in 2008, resulting in an 8.11-percent swing to the Democrats in 2008.
During the same election, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham was reelected over Democrat Bob Conley. Graham received 57.52% of the vote while Conley took in 42.25%. At the state level, however, Democrats picked up two seats in the South Carolina House of Representatives.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain carried five of the state’s six congressional districts in South Carolina, including one of the two districts held by a Democrat.
Electors.
Technically the voters of SC cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. SC is allocated 8 electors because it has 6 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 8 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 8 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 8 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20788609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788609" title="Calosoma schayeri">
Calosoma schayeri

The green carab beetle or saffron beetle (Calosoma schayeri) is a species of Carabidae that occurs in Australia. Like most Carabidae the larvae is predaceous. It is quite active at night when it is found hunting for slow-moving prey such as caterpillars. If handled it gives off an unpleasant scent.

</doc>
<doc id="20788638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788638" title="Symphurus thermophilus">
Symphurus thermophilus

Symphurus thermophilus is a species of tonguefish, family Cynoglossidae, notable for being the only flatfish known to be an obligate inhabitant of hydrothermal vents. It is known from several widely dispersed locations in the western Pacific Ocean and occurs in great numbers. They are tolerant of harsh conditions and are often found in close association with elemental sulfur, including molten sulfur pools that exceed 180°C in temperature. As they are not significantly different in appearance and feeding habits from other tonguefishes, they are thought to be relatively recent colonizers of vent ecosystems.
These fish were first observed in nature in 1988, and were provisionally assigned to the species "Symphurus orientalis" before being recognized as a new species. The species name "thermophilus" is from the Greek "thermos" meaning "heat" and "philos" meaning "lover", referring to its association with hydrothermal vents.
Distribution and habitat.
This species has a wide, disjunct distribution in the western Pacific, from the Kaikata Seamount near the Bonin Islands off southeastern Japan, to the Rumble 3 and Macauley Submarine Volcanoes on the Kermadec Ridge off northern New Zealand, including the Nikko Seamount near Minami-Iohjima Island, the Minami-Ensei Knoll in the Mid-Okinawa Trough, the Kasuga-2 and Daikoku Seamounts in the Marianas Islands arc, and the Volcano-1 and Volcano-2 Seamounts in the Tonga arc. It is likely that "S. thermophilus" also occurs at yet-unexplored vent sites between these locations.
"S. thermophilus" occurs only within relatively shallow active hydrothermal vent sites at a depth of 239-733 m, with most found between 300-400 m. Both adults and juveniles are found in the same habitats. Unusually for a vent fish, "S. thermophilus" favors environments that are rich in sulfur; they have been observed oriented vertically on solid sulfur walls, resting on beds of newly congealed sulfur adjacent to a rivulet of molten sulfur, and even on a thin crust of consolidated sulfur pebbles overlaying a molten sulfur bed with a temperature of 187°C (though the crust is considerably cooler).
While many flatfish species prefer a fine substrate to burrow in, "S. thermophilus" frequent coarse substrates and are sometimes found over solid surfaces. At the Kaikata Seamount, "S. thermophilus" was observed on coarse sand bottoms where water of 19-22°C was percolating through the sediment. At the Minami-Ensei Knoll, this species was found on white metachromatic sediments in water 5-10°C warmer than the ambient seawater. At the Kasuga-2 Seamount, it occurred on a variety of dark and light-colored gravel sediments and on bacterial mats.
Where it occurs, "S. thermophilus" is often extremely abundant; it is the most numerous obligate vent vertebrate known to date. At the Kaikata Seamount, they are found in such numbers that the fish overlap one another on the bottom. Point densities at the Daikoku Seamount have been recorded as high as 392 individuals per square meter; these densities are an order of magnitude higher than flatfish densities reported anywhere else.
Description.
Like other tonguefishes, "S. thermophilus" has a laterally flattened body with united dorsal, caudal, and anal fins. Both eyes, which are fairly large and rounded in this species, are located on the left side of the head in adults. The pectoral fins and lateral line are absent, and there is only a single, right-side pelvic fin. The head is moderately long, with a blunt snout and long, broadly arched jaws. There are 4-5 rows of teeth on the upper and lower jaws of the blind side, and 2-3 and 1 rows on upper and lower jaws respectively of the eyed side. The teeth are sharp and recurved, and better developed on the blind-side jaws.
The body is notably deep compared to other "Symphurus" species. The origin of the dorsal fin is located above the eyes and contains 88-94 rays. The dorsal fin pterygiophores and neural spines have a 1-2-2-2-2 interdigitation pattern. The pelvic fin is moderately long, contains 4 rays, and is connected to the body by a delicate membrane. The anal fin contains 74-80 fin rays. The caudal fin is relatively long and contains 14 rays. The scales are small and strongly ctenoid in shape, numbering 47-56 rows transversely and 100-112 rows longitudinally.
The eyed side of the body is medium to dark chocolate brown in color, mottled with numerous dark, irregularly shaped blotches and white speckles. There are also five to eight darker, complete or incomplete crossbands. Some individuals have a white patch over two-thirds of the abdominal cavity, sometimes with bluish-green tints and bordered posteriorly by a black blotch. The abdominal area posterior to the gill opening is blackish brown and much darker than the rest of the body. Occasionally there are one or two irregular to nearly circular white spots along the body midline. The fin rays are dark at the base and lighter towards the tips, and there is an irregular dark spot at the base of the caudal fin. The blind side of the body is white, with scattered dark melanophores.
The maximum known length is 8.7 cm for a male and 11.2 cm for a female. The fish from the Nikko Seamount are nearly twice as large as those from the Kasuga-2 and Daikoku Seamounts. This may be because of the higher biological productivity at Nikko, or because Kasuga-2 and Daikoku were recently colonized.
Biology and ecology.
"S. thermophilus" spend most of their time on the sea floor, moving forwards or backwards by undulating their bodies and sometimes burying themselves completely in the substrate. They seem to be attracted to loose sediments, probably related to the uncovering of food, and often congregate in pits. The fish frequently rest atop one another without reaction.
The vent communities that co-occur with "S. thermophilus" differs greatly between seamounts. They co-occur with large numbers of the snail "Oenopota ogasawaarna" at the Daikoku Seamount, and with the abundant shrimp "Opaepele loihi" at the Nikko Seamount. They also frequently occur with the crab "Austinograea yunohana", which are found at Nikko, Daikoku, and Kasuga-2. Large bythograeid crabs have been observed attempting attacks on the fish, though not successfully. "S. thermophilus" likely experiences little to no predation pressure, which coupled with the high food biomass available allows their high densities.
The affinity of this species for native sulfur has yet to be explained. The morphology of "S. thermophilus" does not show any differences from other deepwater "Symphurus" species that would suggest adaptations to its unique habitat. However, "S. thermophilus" likely possesses extensive physiological and biochemical adaptations for coping with the harsh conditions around hydrothermal vents, such as temperature and pH fluctuations, and exposure to heavy metals. In particular, they must have high hemoglobin oxygen affinities and efficient respiratory systems to deal with the toxic hydrogen sulfide in venting fluid. "S. thermophilus" is also capable of tolerating pH as low as 2, akin to sulfuric acid, and can rest over pools of molten sulfur without harm. Individuals of "S. thermophilus" often show skeletal abnormalities such as undeveloped fin rays or fused bones, likely attributable to the vent environment.
Feeding.
The diet of "S. thermophilus" varies significantly from seamount to seamount, with the only constant being polychaete worms, which are most important for individuals on Daikoku and Volcano-1 Seamounts. Other populations feed predominantly on crustaceans; the main prey item of "S. thermophilus" on the Nikko Seamount is the alvinocaridid shrimp "Opaepele loihi", and on the Kasuga-2 Seamount they eat mostly palaemonid shrimp. The fish at these sites appear to be "sit and wait" predators, taking slow-moving shrimp that wander too close. By contrast, the fish at the Daikoku Seamount seem to be more active, opportunistic foragers; they do not eat many crustaceans and have been observed scavenging on dying fish that fall to the bottom after coming into contact with the volcanic plumes. Snails and sponge spicules have also been found in the stomachs of a few individuals, and in captivity they are known to consume any food offered to them. The large numbers of "S. thermophilus" found on sulfur crusts where there are no obvious prey items may feed directly on filaments of chemosynthetic bacteria. If so, this would represent a hitherto unknown behavior for vent fish species.
Reproduction.
Reproduction is oviparous, with females releasing buoyant eggs measuring 0.9 mm in diameter. The developmental speed of the eggs increases with temperature: they hatch in one day at 26°C, in 3 days at 20°C, and in 14 days at 12°C. The newly hatched fry are initially sustained by a yolk sac, and have a completely developed mouth, eyes, and digestive system by 7 days of age. The migration of the eyes begins after 30 days. Compared to other flatfish, "S. symphurus" is slow-growing and long-lived, with a lifespan upwards of 10 years. Growth differs between populations, due to availability of food and consequent activity level. Over half their growth in length is accomplished in the first three years, with the growth rate slowing down afterwards. Both sexes likely attain sexual maturity at around 4.4 cm long and one year of age.

</doc>
<doc id="20788652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788652" title="John Ackerman (United States Air Force officer)">
John Ackerman (United States Air Force officer)

John Bevier Ackerman (April 29, 1909 – June 13, 1981) was the second Vice Director of the National Security Agency of the United States and a Major General of the United States Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="20788673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788673" title="Glin">
Glin

Glin or GLIN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20788726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788726" title="U.S. Route 2 in Idaho">
U.S. Route 2 in Idaho

US Route 2 (US 2) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Idaho, running in Bonner and Boundary Counties. It extends from the Washington state line and SH-41 in Oldtown, east to the Montana state line near Moyie Springs.
Route description.
US 2 enters Idaho at the Washington state line in Oldtown, intersecting SH-41 at the state line. It heads east out of Oldtown, crossing the Pend Oreille River, and continues east to Priest River. In Priest River, it intersects SH-57, and continues east across the Priest River. It then continues east along the Pend Oreille River past a marker for the Seneacquoteen historic site. It then turns east and northeast along the river through Dover into Sandpoint, where it overlaps US 95.
The overlapping highways then turn north into Ponderay, where they intersect SH-200 and continue north and northeast into Boundary County.
In Boundary County, they continue north and northeast into Bonners Ferry, where they cross the Kootenai River, continue north, and end their overlap near the Boundary County Airport. US-2 then turns east past the airport and continues through Moyie Springs and across the Moyie River before turning southeast along the Kootenai River to the Montana state line, where it exits the state.
History.
US 2 was created in 1925 as part of the original system of United States highways. Its original western terminus was in Bonners Ferry. In 1946, the highway was extended west to Everett, Washington, with the Idaho section taking its current route.

</doc>
<doc id="20788736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788736" title="The Beau Hunks">
The Beau Hunks

The Beau Hunks are a Dutch revivalist music ensemble who have performed and recorded the vintage works of composers Leroy Shield, Raymond Scott, Edward McDowell, Ferde Grofé, and others. They have been referred to as a "documentary orchestra," because they perform note-perfect renditions of music which is obscure and often commercially unavailable. For some projects for which no sheet music was known to exist, they had to reconstruct charts from original recordings extracted from films.
For various projects they have been reconfigured as The Beau Hunks Sextette, The Beau Hunks Saxophone Soctette, The Beau Hunks Saxophone Quartet, and The Beau Hunks Orchestra. They have recorded for the labels Movies Select Audio, EigenWijs (a division of the VPRO, the Dutch public broadcasting network), Basta Audio-Visuals, and Koch Screen.
Hal Roach Film Music Projects.
The Beau Hunks Orchestra was originally a quintet organized to perform soundtrack themes from Hal Roach film studio comedies of the 1930s, including those of Laurel & Hardy, Our Gang, The Little Rascals, Charley Chase, Thelma Todd and the Taxi Boys. The group (whose name derives from a 1931 Laurel and Hardy film "Beau Hunks") gave what was intended to be their only public performance on 18 January 1992, at the Oliver Hardy Centennial in Amsterdam. However, based on the success of the performance, the band decided to expand to a full orchestra and record their repertoire for commercial CD release.
The Roach film music, composed mostly by Leroy Shield (without screen credit), with additional songs and cues by T. Marvin Hatley, was publicly familiar, but had never been commercially released, and the original recordings and scores were presumed lost. In the mid-1980s, Piet Schreuders, a Dutch graphic designer and radio programmer, began assembling a tape library of Hal Roach comedy themes transferred directly from the soundtrack of VHS tapes. Because the films contain dialogue and sound effects which occasionally obscure the music, Schreuders isolated fragments of themes without dialogue or sound effects and edited them into complete, uninterrupted versions. Using these reconstructed recordings, Schreuders worked closely with transcribers and arrangers Peter Stöve, Jan Robijns, Robert Veen, and Menno Daams to perfect written charts to accurately reflect the music heard in the films. Recreations of these themes had been attempted by others, including Robert Crumb and his Cheap Suit Serenaders (1970s), Ronnie Hazlehurst (1980s), and Vince Giordano (1990s). The Beau Hunks, however, finally gave the stock music of Shield its due in a series of albums released between 1992 and 2000. The most popular of the releases was "The Beau Hunks Play the Little Rascals Music" (1995).
In 2000, the Beau Hunks collaborated with the Metropole Orchestra to re-create the soundtrack to the 1936 Laurel and Hardy comedy "Our Relations". A collection of original sheet music from Hal Roach films had been discovered in a Los Angeles archive in 1994 and 1995. This collection yielded Leroy Shield's notes for the score of "Our Relations".
Piet Schreuders studied the sheet music, identified dozens of individual themes and compared them with titles and lead sheets found in the Music Division of the Library of Congress. Using the 1936 film soundtrack as a reference, Beau Hunks arrangers transcribed themes for which no written parts could be found. As a result of this work, about 95% of the original film score could be reconstructed. Schreuders subsequently discovered that much of Shield's score for this film never made it into the released version, having ended up on the cutting room floor during post-production. Deleted were elements such as the overture, musical transitions, musical effects, and variations which unified the score as a whole. The Beau Hunks recording represents the first time in history the original "Our Relations" film score could be heard as Shield composed it.
Other projects.
Following the commercial and critical success of their 1992-93 Shield restorations, the Beau Hunks undertook recording projects involving forgotten but, in their estimation, historic works by American composers. These include Raymond Scott (particularly his 1937-39 six-man "Quintette," and the Paul Whiteman Orchestra's symphonic 1937-38 "Chesterfield Arrangements" of Quintette repertoire); Ferde Grofé ("Broadway At Night"; "Mississippi Suite"; "Three Shades of Blue"; and "Metropolis"); Edward McDowell ("Woodland Sketches"); and various American pioneers of the jazz saxophone.
The Beau Hunks have also recorded an album with legendary jazz saxophonist Al Gallodoro.
Founders/Project Coordinators.
The co-founders of the Beau Hunks are Piet Schreuders and Gert-Jan Blom, both of Amsterdam. Blom, a bass player and producer, serves as bandleader, session contractor, and recording producer. Schreuders serves as researcher, project developer, liner note annotator, package designer, and occasional co-producer.
Discography.
As the Beau Hunks Orchestra:
As the Beau Hunks Sextette:
As the Beau Hunks Saxophone Soctette:
As the Beau Hunks Saxophone Quartet:
The Beau Hunks with the Metropole Orchestra:
Al Gallodoro with The Beau Hunks:
Ronald Jansen Heijtmajer with The Beau Hunks:

</doc>
<doc id="20788749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788749" title="Chuck Apolskis">
Chuck Apolskis

Charles Casimir Apolskis is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. He played for the Chicago Bears and Chicago Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="20788752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788752" title="George de Meo">
George de Meo

George de Meo was a Corsican-American arms dealer, most famous for supplying weapons to the Irish Republican Army through their operative George Harrison. 
De Meo lived near Harrison in Brooklyn, having moved there with family in 1949, and owned a gun store in the city. De Meo supplied guns not only to the IRA, but also to Cuban rebels.

</doc>
<doc id="20788753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788753" title="List of Victoria first-class cricketers">
List of Victoria first-class cricketers

This is a list of Victoria first-class cricketers. The Victoria cricket team have played first-class cricket since 1851, when they played the Tasmania cricket team at Launceston. 
Below is a chronological list of cricketers to have represented Victoria at first-class level. Many of the cricketers played first-class cricket for other teams but the information included under 'Debut', 'Career' and 'Matches' are for their career with the Victoria cricket team. The first day of each match is the date given as their debut. When a number sign # is shown next to a cricketer's debut date it indicates that it was the second of two matches to be played on the same day. When an asterisk * appears next to their match tally then it indicates that they are still a member of the Victorian squad and the number of matches may increase.

</doc>
<doc id="20788760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788760" title="The Convocation">
The Convocation

The Convocation (formerly The Convocation Of...) is an American psychedelic rock band from Baltimore, Maryland.
History.
As The Convocation Of..., the band was formed by George France, Tonie Joy, and Guy Blakeslee in August 1998. Joy had previously played in the groups Moss Icon, Universal Order of Armageddon, The Great Unraveling, and Born Against.
Following their debut "Lab Remix Series Vol. 3" EP, the group's self-titled debut album was released on Gold Standard Laboratories in 2000. A follow-up, "Pyramid Technology", appeared on Tigerstyle Records in 2001. In early 2002, Blakeslee left the group and founded The Entrance Band. The Convocation Of... went on a hiatus. 
With Matthew Hall (formerly of The Red Scare) on bass, the band reunited under the name The Convocation in 2005. Hall was replaced by Jason Stevens in 2008, and the group released a new EP on Gravity Records the next year. Two years later, Stevens was replaced by bassist Chris Camden, who was replaced thereafter by Donny Van Zandt.

</doc>
<doc id="20788764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788764" title="Marcel Just">
Marcel Just

Marcel Just is D. O. Hebb Professor of Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University. His research uses brain imaging (fMRI) in high-level cognitive tasks to study the neuroarchitecture of cognition. Just's areas of expertise include psycholinguistics, object recognition, and autism, with particular attention to cognitive and neural substrates. Just co-directs the Brain Imaging Research Center and is a member of the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition at CMU.
Research.
Mind reading.
Marcel Just, Tom Mitchell, and colleagues at Carnegie Mellon University are conducting research on "thought identification" using fMRI. Using machine learning techniques, they have been able to identify patterns of brain activation that are reliably associated to the concept of different objects. These signature patterns could be generalized across different participants, so that the authors were able to correctly identify which object a participant was thinking of by analyzing the corresponding brain activation.
A demo of their system was shown on CBS during 60 Minutes.
Autism and the underconnectivity hypothesis.
Just and Nancy Minshew are known for the underconnectivity hypothesis of autism, which posits that autism is marked by underfunctioning high-level neural connections and synchronization, along with an excess of low-level processes. Evidence for this theory has been found in functional neuroimaging studies on autistic individuals and by a brain wave study that suggested that adults with ASD have local overconnectivity in the cortex and weak functional connections between the frontal lobe and the rest of the cortex.
Computational cognitive modeling.
Marcel Just also developed 4CAPS, a cognitive architecture specifies how different cortical regions of the brain collaborate to perform specific tasks. 4CAPS model have been used to explain behavioral and brain imaging data in different experimental tasks.

</doc>
<doc id="20788772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788772" title="Middleton, Mississippi">
Middleton, Mississippi

Middleton, Mississippi is an extinct town that was located west of the current geographical position of Winona, Mississippi.
History.
Few travelers along U.S. Highway 82 know they are driving along the main street of a city of the past, a town that grew from a mere trading post beside an Indian trail in 1834 to become "The Athens of Mississippi" a few years later, and then began a decline that saw its end within a few years after the close of the Civil War. Today not even a "historical" marker preserves the memory of Middleton, a town then in Carroll County that ran the cycle of life from a log cabin store to a population of more than 2,000 (not authenticated) and back to a single old house in a period of less than forty years.
Along about 1800 a trader decided that this spot of flat land exactly where Interstate 55 and Highway 82 cross two miles west of Winona was just the right place for a "post" to set up shop and trade with the friendly Choctaws as they traveled the trails that crossed here. After the formation of the State of Mississippi, although the lands in this area were still in the hands of the Choctaws, other settlers came and built their cabins, trading with the Indians and clearing the land for farming. Among these was one William Pace, forbear of a long line of Pace descendant to the extent that the last house on the scene, the "old Pace house," was there to be torn down in the mid-1960s when Interstate Highway 55 was built: It Was the last reminder of "the glory that was," in Old Middleton.
With the purchase of the Indian lands in 1830, a flood of settlers came into the area, and in 1834 Carroll County was organized, but Middleton, being too far from the approximate center of the county, was not considered suitable for the county seat and Carrollton was built "from scratch" for that purpose. However, the old town continued to grow and flourish and was incorporated in 1840 when the population is said to have numbered more than 2000.
In 1841, Middleton was one of seven towns in our state considered for the site of the establishment of the University of Mississippi. By 1850 it was a bustling town of several hundred inhabitants. A stage line ran from Holly Springs by way of Middleton to Durant over which mail and passengers were carried daily. To the west of the town were a wool mill and a flour and a cotton mill.
There was a newspaper, plenty of inns and saloons to care for the needs of men, several stores, a tailor shop, shoe shop and cabinet or furniture shop. Here we might note that the inns offered three meals and a night's lodging for one dollar. Lawyers and doctors abounded and there were photographers of a sort (daguerreotype), clockmakers, and other skilled workmen.
As was usually the case in the "new country," Middleton was always a religious center with Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Christian and Episcopal congregations served by some of the outstanding preachers of the day. Perhaps the old town gained its greatest fame through the schools that soon followed settlement and became "institutes" and "academies" and were known all over the state for the quality of learning they dispersed.
Of names of prominence in the community and the surrounding area, we list only a few of the many. Here came as merchants and planters. Peter Gee and O. J. Moore who later moved to Carrollton and Winona respectively. and became prominent in Carroll and Montgomery Counties. In and around Middleton also we note the Barrows, Youngs, Waddlingtons, Herrings, Turners, Rays, Whiteheads and Curtis and others.
With the completion of the Mississippi Central (now the Illinois Central-Gulf) Railroad a few miles east of Middleton in 1858-59, the town "hit the skids" and within fifteen years there was really nothing left but a memory, a cemetery now almost unknown to man, and the ghosts of "The Athens of Mississippi".

</doc>
<doc id="20788786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788786" title="KKRQ">
KKRQ

KKRQ (100.7 FM) is an classic rock station serving the Cedar Rapids and Iowa City areas. Known as "100.7 The Fox," the station is operated by Clear Channel Communications and licensed to Iowa City, Iowa, with studios also located in Iowa City.
Music on "100.7 The Fox" includes rock from the 1960s through the 1990s, and uses the slogan "The Corridor's Classic Rock."
KKRQ broadcasts at a power of 100,000 watts, with transmitter and tower located outside its studios on the north side of Iowa City. Sister station KXIC (800 AM) is located in the same facility.

</doc>
<doc id="20788787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788787" title="Down-the-hole drill">
Down-the-hole drill

A Down-The-Hole Drill is called DTH in most drilling terms. The down-the-hole drill is basically a mini jack hammer that screws on the bottom of a drill string. The fast hammer action breaks hard rock into small flakes and dust and is blown clear by the air exhaust from the DTH hammer. The DTH hammer is one of the fastest ways to drill hard rock. Now smaller portable drillcat drilling rigs with DTH hammers can drill as fast as much larger truck rigs with this newer technology.
History.
A pneumatic tool is first thought to have been used for rock drilling in 1844. Many quarries used hand held tools that required the driller to suspend himself from a rope over the quarry face in order to place the drill hole in the required position. This system used small diameter holes and was not only terribly inefficient but very dangerous and that was not just for the operator but from the risk of flying rock as a result of the inaccuracy of the drilled borehole.
Some quarries used primitive top hammer machines that carried the jack hammer on a mast - the slenderness of the drill rods working with a relatively large diameter drill bit caused bore holes to deviate which sometimes meant that a bore hole might finish dangerously close to its neighbour or indeed be closer to the face of the quarry than had been intended. In any event boreholes that are not aligned correctly which are then loaded with high explosive can be extremely dangerous, resulting in rock being projected beyond the intended site.
Larger quarries used big rotary machines that required huge amounts of down thrust and high rotation speeds to drive the tri-cone bit hard enough to crush the rock. This system could not be successfully used for holes below 6 inches (150mm) and the machines were very expensive to buy and to run. Another system in use was the very primitive cable tool machine (or bash and splash as it was known by the drillers) which caused a heavy bar and chisel to be lifted and dropped on the rock to crush it whilst water was introduced to create a slurry, which in the process, enabled the hole to be drilled. This system could not guarantee a finished hole size and only pure vertical holes could be drilled as the system basically relied on gravity. Debris from the hole was baled out using a baling tube with a clack valve, which was periodically dropped on a winch to capture the slurry, which was then brought to the top of the hole to be discharged.
It was only when the DTH system came along that many of the problems associated with the other systems were overcome - with the DTH system the energy source is constantly behind the drill bit, the drill tubes (or drill string) are rigid being only slightly less in diameter than the drill bit, copious amounts of air can be passed through the drill string to operate the DTH Hammer which is then used to efficiently flush the bore hole clean. DTH did not require heavy down thrusts or high rotational speeds and as such a light, cheap machine could be employed to carry out the drilling process - the machine could also be worked by one man, whereas some other systems required two operatives. The benefits that DTH brought to the industry were enormous - for the first time a drill hole could be placed where it was required because DTH gave a truly aligned, straight, accurately placed, clean bore hole that could be easily charged with explosive to provide good control over the blasting process that was safer and which provided good fragmentation of the rock. Holes could be drilled to increasing depths without the loss of performance since the energy source was always directly behind the drill bit. The system was able to drill in almost all rock conditions that other systems were unable to do. Quarry faces became safer, well profiled and quarry floors were level and easier for loading equipment to operate and move across.
The DTH system completely revolutionised the blast hole industry with many quarries embracing it with open arms. Eventually the larger DTH systems then found their way into other applications, such as water well drilling and construction work.
It still offers the same benefits to the operator that it initially brought to the quarry industry but it is now being used in many different applications such as gold exploration, ground consolidation, geo-thermal drilling, shallow oil and gas well, directional and piling. The advent of tungsten carbide for the drill bits (the first bits were all-steel) and the development of the button drill bit coupled with the introduction of high air pressures (25 bar plus) has meant that the DTH system can compete easily and efficiently with other drilling systems.
DTH tools were used locate the trapped miners in Chile that enabled food, water and medicines to be passed to them and communication systems to be set up that eventually led to their safe rescue.
Origin of the name.
DTH is short for “down-the-hole”. Since the DTH method was originally developed to drill large-diameter holes downwards in surface-drilling applications, its name originated from the fact that the percussion mechanism followed the bit down into the hole. Applications were later found for the DTH method underground, where the direction of drilling is generally upwards instead of downwards.
Technical details.
In "DTH" drilling, the percussion mechanism – commonly called the hammer – is located directly behind the drill bit. The drill pipes transmit the necessary feed force and rotation to hammer and bit plus compressed air or fluids for the hammer and flushing of cuttings. The drill pipes are added to the drill string successively behind the hammer as the hole gets deeper. The piston strikes the impact surface of the bit directly, while the hammer casing gives straight and stable guidance of the drill bit. This means that the impact energy does not have to pass through any joints at all. The impact energy therefore is not lost in joints allowing for much deeper percussion drilling. This is a Great break through for smaller portable water well drilling rigs, that before were limited. The DTH on smaller rigs now can get same results as large heavy truck rigs.
With recent advances in technology DTH hammers and bits can now be operated to run at up to 500Psi, increasing the Rate of Penetration (ROP)
Uses.
DTH drilling is used in the construction industry to produce piles into rock, also water wells, and drilling bores for geothermal ground source heat pumps.
DTH products can be used in the following applications:
Mining- Drill & Blast holes in Open Pit mining, Where the drill operator will drill several holes, then fill with explosives and detonate to lift rock allowing access to ore body
RC- Exploration & Pit grade control
GW- Geothermal Bore Holes & Waterwells
Oil & Gas- Deepwell Bore Holes
Construction- Piling, Footings

</doc>
<doc id="20788796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788796" title="Tim Davis (baseball)">
Tim Davis (baseball)

Timothy Howard Davis (born July 14, 1970 in Marianna, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Seattle Mariners from -.
Davis was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the 6th round of the 1992 Major League Baseball Draft out of Florida State University. He was first assigned to the Single-A Appleton Foxes of the Midwest League. In 16 games, he was 10-2 with a 1.85 ERA and 89 strikeouts. This performance earned Davis an All-Star berth and a promotion to the High-A Riverside Pilots. He started on the major league roster and had a 4.01 ERA in 42 games. He was demoted to Triple-A Calgary in August where he had a 1.80 ERA in 6 starts. After missing most of the season, he appeared in 40 games for the Mariners in . In , he pitched in the Tampa Bay Devil Rays organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20788797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788797" title="Empowerment Experiment">
Empowerment Experiment

__NOTOC__
The Empowerment Experiment (formerly called the Ebony Experiment as of March 12, 2009), was co-founded by John and Maggie Anderson of Oak Park, Illinois. Steven Rogers, director of the Kellogg Entrepreneurial Practice Center at Northwestern University's Graduate School of Management, serves as an Executive Advisor to the experiment, which is a year-long study designed to find out what happens when people buy things only from black owned businesses.
Some participants who are committed to this movement have been willing to drive substantially longer distances than what they had driven before the movement started, in order to purchase goods from black owned businesses.
By May 12, 2009, 4,000 people had signed up on the Andersons' website to participate in their experiment.
The U.S. has one million black owned businesses, which account for more than $100 billion in annual sales. Blacks have more than $800 billion in expendable income each year.
Praise.
Lawrence Hamer, associate professor of marketing at DePaul University, praised the experiment as being "brave and courageous," and said the rationale for it was "exactly right."
James E. Clingman, who writes frequently about African-American economic empowerment, and also teaches a class on black entrepreneurship at the University of Cincinnati, said, "I'd rather have more black businesses than black politicians."
Gregory Price, chairman of the economics department at Morehouse College, said the ideas behind the movement were similar to the ideas expressed by black visionaries like Booker T. Washington and Marcus Garvey. Price also said, "The idea is a sound one, given that black Americans are still underrepresented in the ranks of the self-employed and that entrepreneurship is a key component to wealth."

</doc>
<doc id="20788806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788806" title="WOW Gospel 2000">
WOW Gospel 2000

WOW Gospel 2000 is a gospel music compilation album in the WOW series. Released February 8, 2000, it features thirty-two songs on a double disc set. The album hit number 93 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2000, and number one on the Top Gospel Albums chart, making it the first gospel album to peak on that respective chart.
In 2001 the album was certified as platinum in the US by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

</doc>
<doc id="20788808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788808" title="Streptomyces aureofaciens">
Streptomyces aureofaciens

Streptomyces aureofaciens is a species of "Streptomyces".
It is the source of many tetracycline antibiotics. The organism was first isolated at Sanborn Field on the University of Missouri campus in Columbia, Missouri. Today the site is a National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20788824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788824" title="Marina Eglevsky">
Marina Eglevsky

Marina Eglevsky is an American ballet dancer born in New York City. She is the daughter of ballet star Andre Eglevsky and ballerina Leda Anchutina Eglevsky. Marina studied at the School of American Ballet and the American Ballet Theatre School. Marina performed professionally in New York City Ballet's production of "The Nutcracker," with the Eglevsky Ballet Company, and as a guest in various companies and engagements. 
At the age of fifteen, Marina Eglevsky joined the Harkness Ballet Company and launched her own successful dance career. She later was principal dancer with the Royal Winnipeg Ballet and the Hamburg Ballet. She danced with dancers such as Mikhail Baryshnikov, Lawrence Rhodes, Helgi Tomasson and skater John Curry. Eglevsky was a featured artist in the Broadway revival production of "Brigadoon" under the direction of Vivian Matalon and Agnes de Mille.

</doc>
<doc id="20788828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788828" title="New Irish Hymns 2">
New Irish Hymns 2

New Irish Hymns 2: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit is the second in a series of themed albums created and produced by Keith Getty. This album features vocalists Margaret Becker, Joanne Hogg, and Kristyn Lennox (Getty) performing songs by Keith Getty and others (as indicated below). Margaret Becker and Joanne Hogg performed on the previous album, New Irish Hymns; all three singers also performed on New Irish Hymns 3: Incarnation and New Irish Hymns 4: Hymns for the Life of the Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20788848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788848" title="National Institute for Mental Health in England">
National Institute for Mental Health in England

National Institute for Mental Health in England (NIMHE) was an English medical organisation established in 2001 under the leadership of Professor Louis Appleby to "coordinate research, disseminate information, facilitate training and develop services". The NIMHE has now been disbanded and a new body, the National Mental Health Development Unit was launched in 2009. The director of NIMHE, Ian MacPherson, became the director of NMHDU. However, NMHDU was also disbanded in March 2011.
One of NIMHE's first publications, titled Cases for Change, was funded by the Department of Health to review documents published since 1997 about adult mental health, and was undertaken in conjunction with the Department of General Practice.

</doc>
<doc id="20788860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788860" title="An Actor's Revenge">
An Actor's Revenge

, also known as Revenge of a Kabuki Actor, is a 1963 film directed by Kon Ichikawa. The film was produced in Eastmancolor and Daieiscope for Daiei Film.
The film is a remake of the 1935 film of the same title (distributed in English-speaking countries under the title "The Revenge of Yukinojō"), which also starred Kazuo Hasegawa. The 1963 "An Actor's Revenge" marked Hasegawa's 300th role as a film actor. The screenplay, written by Ichikawa's wife, Natto Wada, was based on the adaptation by Daisuke Itō and Teinosuke Kinugasa of a newspaper serial originally written by Otokichi Mikami that was used for the 1935 version. There is also an opera, "An Actor's Revenge", with music by Minoru Miki and libretto by James Kirkup and a 2008 NHK production of the same story, with Yukinojō and Yamitaro played by Hideaki Takizawa.
Synopsis.
Three men, Sansai Dobe (Ganjirō Nakamura), Kawaguchiya (Saburō Date) and Hiromiya (Eijirō Yanagi) are responsible for the deaths of seven-year-old Yukitarō’s mother and father. Yukitarō is adopted and brought up by Kikunojō Nakamura (Chūsha Ichikawa), the actor-manager of an Osaka kabuki troupe. The adult Yukitarō (Kazuo Hasegawa) becomes an "onnagata", a male actor who plays female roles. He takes the stage name Yukinojō. Like many of the great "onnagata", particularly of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, he wears women’s clothes and uses the language and mannerisms of a woman offstage as well as on. Many years later, the troupe pays a visit to Edo, where the three men responsible for his parents’ deaths now live. Yukinojō brings about their deaths by means of various stratagems, then, apparently overcome by what he has done, retires from the stage and disappears, no-one knows where. The events of the film are coolly observed and sardonically commented on by the Robin-Hood-like thief Yamitarō, also played by Hasegawa.
Title.
The Japanese title is "Yukinojō henge" （雪之丞変化）. Yukinojō is the stage-name of the central character, who is an "onnagata" or "oyama" - a male kabuki actor who plays women’s roles. Among the various senses of "henge", whose basic meaning is "change of form", are "ghost", "spectre" and "apparition", and the title is sometimes rendered "The Avenging Ghost of Yukinojō". Yukinojō does use his stage-craft to terrify one of his enemies by creating the illusion of a ghost, but there is in fact no supernatural element in the film. In the kabuki theatre the word "henge" has the technical sense of "costume change". The type of play called a "henge-mono" （変化もの） is a quick-change piece in which the leading actor plays a number of roles and undergoes many on-stage changes of costume. The title thus has as one of its senses "The Many Guises of Yukinojō". The usual English title of the film is taken from a line of dialogue in which the character Yamitarō, having learned that Yukinojō proposes to take revenge on his enemies by means of several elaborate plots, rather than killing them at the first opportunity, says to himself ‘As you might expect of an actor’s revenge, it’s going to be a flamboyant performance’. （"Yakusha no katakiuchi dakeatte, kotta mon da": 役者の敵討ちだけあって、こったもんだ）
Narration.
The voice-over narration is provided by Tokugawa Musei (徳川夢声 ), the most famous "benshi" of the silent era.

</doc>
<doc id="20788862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788862" title="SQLPro SQL Client">
SQLPro SQL Client

SQLPro is a proprietary, visual database management and development tool for multiple databases. SQLPro comes with a three-pane interface and has integrated SQL editor with many useful SQL editing features. SQLPro connects directly (using native drivers) to most popular database servers using one single interface. It supports native data source connection for Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access and SQLite. Provides quick view of the database schema, table schema and results of the query execution.
Amenities include color-coding of the SQL, drag-and-drop of objects into the SQL pane to save you from typing their name, retrieval of SQL for things like stored procedures and triggers from the underlying database, and one-click creation of SELECT and INSERT statements. You can save SQL files and print result sets.

</doc>
<doc id="20788867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788867" title="Scripta">
Scripta

Scripta may stand for:
Other Scriptas:

</doc>
<doc id="20788880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788880" title="Missouri Circuit Courts">
Missouri Circuit Courts

The Missouri Circuit Courts are the state trial courts of original jurisdiction and general jurisdiction of the state of Missouri.
Jurisdiction.
The Missouri Constitution provides for the Circuit Courts in Article V, Judicial Department. 
List of circuits.
There are 45 judicial circuits, each with various divisions, including associate circuit, small claims, municipal, family, probate, criminal, and juvenile. Each circuit covers at least one of Missouri's 114 counties and one independent city, St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="20788890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788890" title="Patricia Carpenter">
Patricia Carpenter

Patricia Carpenter is Lee and Marge Gregg Professor of Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University. Her research focuses on the organization of the cognitive systems in immediate thought, for example, the processes that underlie problem solving and sentence comprehension. Her specific interest is in how these processes are organized, what constrains them, and how their functional organization relates to their cortical representation. To address these questions, she uses functional imaging (fMRI) studies of people while they perform complex cognitive tasks and relates the imaging data to more traditional behavioral studies of cognition and computational models. In addition, her research extends to understanding how language comprehension and problem solving are approached by individuals with unusual characteristics, including those who have had a stroke or who have autism.
In recent years, Carpenter has begun to explore the field of embodied cognition through her research. Her primary starting point is a biologically-grounded account of cognition called the 'fractal catalytic model.' In this model, it is proposed that, to understand the mind/brain relation, one should first explore 'what is life' and what enables a living process to persist as an organized entity; this exploration deepens and changes our understanding of cognition and provides a new framework for the mind-brain relation.

</doc>
<doc id="20788903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788903" title="Gigantidas horikoshi">
Gigantidas horikoshi

Gigantidas horikoshi is a species of large, deepwater, hydrothermal vent mussel, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae, the mussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20788908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788908" title="Meralluride">
Meralluride

Meralluride is a mercurial diuretic.

</doc>
<doc id="20788912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788912" title="List of Oricon number-one albums of 2000">
List of Oricon number-one albums of 2000

These are the "Oricon" number one albums of 2000, per the Oricon Weekly Album Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20788915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788915" title="Frederick K. C. Price">
Frederick K. C. Price

Dr. Frederick K.C. Price (born January 3, 1932) is the founder and former pastor of Crenshaw Christian Center (CCC), located in California. He gained international renown through his "Ever Increasing Faith" ministries broadcast that is aired weekly on both television and radio.
Early life.
Price was born in Santa Monica, California, a Los Angeles suburb, the eldest son of Winifred and Frederick Price, Sr., who owned a janitorial service in West Los Angeles. Young Frederick attended McKinley Elementary School in Santa Monica, Foshay Junior High, Manual Arts High School and Dorsey High School in Los Angeles, and then completed two years of schooling at Los Angeles City College. He later received an honorary diploma from the Rhema Bible Training Center (1976) and an honorary Doctor of Divinity degree from Oral Roberts University (1982). Both of his parents, who at one time had been practicing Jehovah's Witnesses, was, at the time he would meet his future wife Betty, had stopped practicing the religion and was also outspoken against any organized religion. While courting Betty, who was his high school sweetheart, he began attending church services with her, however, after their marriage,he had stopped attending church regularly until a group of Los Angeles-area churches began sponsoring a week of old-fashioned tent revivals in the Crenshaw area; Price began attending these services with his wife and at one of those services, he eventually received Jesus Christ as his personal savior. Soon after becoming born-again, Price felt the call from God to go into ministry, serving mostly part-time, while working as a paper cutter, as an assistant pastor in a Baptist church from 1955 to 1957, then pastored an African Methodist Episcopal church in Val Verde, California from 1957 to 1959. From there he served in a Presbyterian church and then joined the Christian and Missionary Alliance at West Washington Community Church in 1965.
Ministry work.
In February 1970, Price as Price has recalled many times, received the baptism of the Holy Spirit with the evidence of "speaking in tongues," an event he considered the starting point in his own ministry. Shortly thereafter, Price would come into contact with the Bible-teaching ministry of late preacher/elevangelist Kenneth E. Hagin. Soon thereafter, Price began to teach the Bible-deliverance message based on neo-Pentecostal teachings known for talking in tongues, healing, and prosperity teachings. He and wife Betty would co-found the Crenshaw Christian Center that same year in the Crenshaw section of West Los Angeles, California.
Crenshaw Christian Center.
As he and wife Betty began to take ""the first steps to walk by faith,"" Price's following grew ""in the operation of faith"" and in membership. Having begun with only nine members, five of whom were part of his family, his congregation quickly outgrew its facilities. As the ministry's own literature explained, Price then ""followed through with a plan the Lord had shared with him about establishing a new church,"" ""independent of denominational affiliations"". ""There, the Holy Spirit could operate as He chose, ... and the Word of God could be taught to His people uncompromisingly."" Thus, in November 1973, Price moved with about 300 parishioners from West Washington in Los Angeles establish the Crenshaw Christian Center in Inglewood, California. Price's membership continued to spiral, and in 1977 the church was forced to hold two services, with yet another service added in 1982, because the 1,400-seat sanctuary was always filled to capacity.
Christian Word of Faith Ministries.
In 1990, Price founded the "Fellowship of International Christian Word of Faith Ministries" (FICWFM) which includes churches and ministers from all over the United States and several countries. They meet regionally throughout the year and hold a major annual convention. He is a Word of Faith preacher.
Family and personal life.
Price has been married to the former Betty Ruth Scott, whom he met while attending Dorsey High School, since 1953. They are parents of four children, which include Frederick Kenneth Price, who also serves as a senior pastor, grandparents of nine grandchildren and great-grandparents of three great-grandchildren. Frederick Kenneth also regularly appears on the program "Ever Increasing Faith" broadcasts. Another son, Frederick K.C. III, died tragicially in 1962 as a child when he was struck by an automobile.

</doc>
<doc id="20788923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788923" title="General Intelligence Agency of Mongolia">
General Intelligence Agency of Mongolia

General Intelligence Agency of Mongolia (GIA), Mongolian language: Тагнуулын ерөнхий газар. GIA is the intelligence agency of the Mongolian government, under the control of the Prime Minister of Mongolia. Its headquarters is in Ulaanbaatar (Capital of the Mongolian Republic). The GIA employees number around several hundred people and act as an early warning system to alert the Mongolian government. It collects and evaluates information on a variety of areas such as international terrorism, organized crime, weapons and drug trafficking, money laundering, illegal migration and information warfare.
http://gia.gov.mn - Official website

</doc>
<doc id="20788927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788927" title="Scott Davison">
Scott Davison

Scotty Ray Davison (born October 16, 1970 in Inglewood, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners (-). 
Davison attended Redondo Union High School, in Redondo Beach California, graduating in 1988.
In , he played for the Chiba Lotte Marines of Japan's Pacific League. In , he played for the independent St. George Pioneerzz of the Western Baseball League and Tampa Bay Devil Rays Triple-A affiliate, the Durham Bulls.

</doc>
<doc id="20788930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788930" title="Hell's Kitchen (U.S. season 5)">
Hell's Kitchen (U.S. season 5)

Season 5 of the American competitive reality television series "Hell's Kitchen" began airing on the Fox Network starting on January 29, 2009. The season concluded on May 14, 2009.
Executive Chef Daniel Veltri won the series and was awarded a sous chef position under Stephen Kalt at Italian restaurant "Fornelletto" at the Borgata in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Danny also received $250,000 in prize money from the show .
Contestants.
16 chefs competed in Season 5, and were initially separated into the Blue team and Red team by gender. The chefs were:
Credit Order:Carol, J, Colleen, Giovanni, Ji, Wil, Paula, Ben, Lacey, Danny, Coi, Charlie, Andrea, Seth, LA, Robert
Contestant progress.
Each week, the best member (as determined by Ramsay) from the losing team during the latest service period is asked to nominate two of their teammates for elimination; one of these two is meant to be sent home by Ramsay. On some weeks, there is a variation in the nomination process, depending on the losing team's (or even winning team's) performance.
Episodes.
Each episode consists of a challenge with a reward, a service, nominations for elimination, and an elimination.
Epilogue.
Danny worked at Fornaletto for a few months and resigned in August 2009.
Danny later returned as one of the special VIP guests for Hell's Kitchen's "black-tie" 100th dinner service on October 13, 2010.
Robert would return as a contestant the following season, and was the 7th person to be eliminated.
Colleen Cleek made an appearance in the first episode of season 6 and tells to that season's hopefuls on tasting their dishes before serving to the patrons.
Ben returned in season 9 as part of an All-Stars team and competed against that seasons final five chefs at dinner service.
Paula returned in season 10 as part of an All-Stars team and competed against that seasons final six chefs at dinner service.

</doc>
<doc id="20788943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788943" title="Carol Chomsky">
Carol Chomsky

Carol Chomsky (July 1, 1930 – December 19, 2008) was an American linguist and education specialist who studied language acquisition in children.
Chomsky was born in Philadelphia as Carol Doris Schatz on July 1, 1930. She married Noam Chomsky in 1949, the two having known each other since she was five years old. Her mother had been a teacher at a Hebrew school where his father was the principal. She was awarded a bachelor's degree in French from the University of Pennsylvania in 1951.
The couple spent some time living in HaZore'a, a kibbutz in Israel. Despite her interest in becoming a mechanic or driving a tractor, at the time of the Chomskys' stay in 1953 "the kibbutz wasn't quite ready for that. It was way before there were even words about women's rights" according to Judith Chomsky, wife of Noam Chomsky's younger brother.
She earned a doctoral degree in linguistics from Harvard University in 1968, having attended the school in order to ensure that she would be able to make a living in the event that her husband would be sent to jail for his active opposition to the Vietnam War.
Chomsky's best-known work was her 1969 book "The Acquisition of Syntax in Children From 5 to 10" which investigated how children develop an understanding of the underlying grammatical structure of their native language and how they use this skill to interpret sentences of increasing complexity as they get older. Despite earlier scientific beliefs that children complete their acquisition of syntax by the age of five, Chomsky's research showed that children continue to develop the skills needed to understand complex constructions beyond that age.
As part of her research to understand how children develop the ability to read, she developed a method in the late 1970s called repeated reading, in which children would read a text silently while a recording of the text was played. The child would repeat the process until the text could be read fluently without the tape. Research showed that four readings accompanied by a recording could be enough to provide added reading fluency for most children. More than 100 studies have been performed on the technique, with most finding statistically significant improvements in reading speed and word recognition.
She served on the faculty of the Harvard Graduate School of Education from 1972 until 1997.
Chomsky died at age 78 on December 19, 2008 of cancer in her home in Lexington, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20788946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788946" title="Coptocercus rubripes">
Coptocercus rubripes

Coptocercus rubripes is a species of Cerambycidae that occurs in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20788948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788948" title="Anupam Sud">
Anupam Sud

Anupam Sud 1944 is an artist who lives and works in Mandi, a small community on the outskirts of New Delhi. She was born in the Punjab, though she spent much of her youth in the former British summer capital of Simla in Himachal Pradesh. Coming from a conservative family, her choice of an academic career and artistic pursuits over an arranged marriage was both brave and rare.
Sud studied at the College of Art, Delhi from 1962 to 1967, during the same decade that Somnath Hore was retooling and revitalizing the college’s printmaking department. Anupam was the youngest member of “Group 8”, an association of artists at the college that was founded by Anupam’s teacher Jagmohan Chopra, and was dedicated to furthering an awareness of printmaking in India.
Sud later studied printmaking at the Slade School of Fine Art, University College, London, from 1971 through 1972. It was after her return from Slade that Anupam Sud developed an intense interest in exploring clothed and unclothed human figures through the medium of etching. Anupam found inspiration in both male and female sexuality and identities. Overt takes on social issues are seldom found in Sud’s art, and her figures are often self-absorbed and brooding. However, through symbolism and metaphor Sud engages with socially relevant themes, and moody depictions of interrelations between the sexes are a favorite topic in her work. Sud’s etchings are made with the use of zinc plates, a difficult medium that requires both patience and precision.
One of Sud’s best known bodies of work, the "Dialogue Series", expresses human communication between people of various sexes through a mood of mature, silent, acceptance. The "Dialogue Series" emphasizes human togetherness as intimate and non-verbal.
Sud’s work is in the collections of The National Gallery of Modern Art, New Delhi, The Victoria and Albert Museum, London, The Peabody Museum, U.S.A., and the Glenbarra Art Museum, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20788952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788952" title="Comparison of virtual machines">
Comparison of virtual machines

Comparison of virtual machines may refer to:
In this list "platform" refers to emulation of an entire physical machine, "application" refers to the byte code and similar machines used by various programming languages. 

</doc>
<doc id="20788969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788969" title="Gartrell Johnson">
Gartrell Johnson

Gartrell Godfrey Johnson, III (born June 21, 1986 in Miami, Florida) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the fourth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Colorado State.
Johnson has also played for the New York Giants and Atlanta Falcons.
Early years.
As a senior at Miami Springs High School in 2003, he was Dade County's leading rusher with 1,649 yards and accounted for 18 touchdowns. For his performance, he earned all-Conference and all-State honors and also holds Miami Springs High's single-season rushing record, especially significant considering that Miami Springs was also the high school attended by Willis McGahee, Mitch Green, Jon Lewis, and Freddie Myles. Buddy Goins was his coach at MSHS.
College career.
He ended his five-year career at CSU with an outstanding 2008 campaign for which he received first team All-MWC honors. Johnson accounted for over 3,000 yards of total offense and 26 touchdowns in his college career. Johnson became the first player to lead CSU in rushing for three straight seasons since E.J. Watson (1993–95), and recorded CSU's first 1,000-yard season since Kyle Bell in 2005. He showed an astonishing performance in the 2008 New Mexico Bowl when he rushed for 286 yards and two touchdowns, also receiving five passes for 90 yards, he sealed the game on a 77-yard touchdown with 1:46 remaining earning Offensive MVP honors. His 375 all-purpose yards ranks second all-time in a bowl game, behind East Carolina's Chris Johnson, who had 408 all-purpose yards; 153 in kickoff returns in the 2007 Hawaii Bowl. He was named Team’s Fum McGraw MVP as senior.
Professional career.
Johnson was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the fourth round (134th overall) in the 2009 NFL Draft.
San Diego Chargers.
Johnson was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the fourth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. After being inactive for the Chargers first game of the season, he was waived on September 14, 2009.
New York Giants.
Johnson was claimed off waivers by the New York Giants on September 15, 2009. Johnson recorded his first regular season NFL carry with the G-men in 2009. He finished the year averaging 3.3 yards per carry; gaining 43 yards on 13 rushing attempts.
Atlanta Falcons.
Johnson signed with the Atlanta Falcons on September 21, 2010. On the season, Gartrell carried the ball 10 times for 36 yards. He was waived on September 2, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20788975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20788975" title="Ljubiša Milojević">
Ljubiša Milojević

Club career.
Milojević played for FK Rad and Red Star Belgrade in the Yugoslav First League. He also spent five seasons in the Greek Super League with Aris Thessaloniki F.C., and then one year playing for Panetolikos F.C. in the Greek Second League.

</doc>
<doc id="20789012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789012" title="Mongolian nationality law">
Mongolian nationality law

The Mongolian nationality law is a nationality law determines who is a citizen of Mongolia. 
Current law.
Current citizenship law is guided by the 1992 Constitution of Mongolia and, more importantly, the Law of Mongolia on Citizenship. 
Obtaining citizenship.
If both of the parents of a child are Mongolian - irrespective of where the child is born - than the child is automatically Mongolian. A child born to one Mongolian parent inside of Mongolia is also considered Mongolian.
A child who is within the territory of Mongolia whose parents are not identified is a Mongolian citizen. 
Foreigners may apply for citizenship through the President's office as well, or through a Mongolian embassy.
Mongolians who are adopted by foreigners have "the right to choose his/her own nationality" according to the Family law of Mongolia, Chapter 7, Article 58.9.
History.
Before 1992, in the Mongolian People's Republic, citizenship by birth was determined by the nationality of the parents. Any child born anywhere with at least one parent with Mongolian citizenship is also a citizen of Mongolia. Before the fall of the Soviet Union, dual citizenship between the two countries was accepted. The statute was agreed upon by the Mongolian Council of Ministers on 30 December 1974, and detailed further by an Instruction on the Fulfillment of the Statute confirmed on 11 April 1975.
Loss of citizenship.
Citizenship can be renounced through the President's Office. However, the Mongolian government has been historically unwilling to let educated Mongolians renounce their citizenship. 
The involuntary loss of citizenship - exile - is banned under the constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="20789016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789016" title="The Act of Seeing with One's Own Eyes">
The Act of Seeing with One's Own Eyes

"The Act of Seeing with One's Own Eyes" is a 1971 American experimental film by Stan Brakhage. It was filmed on 16mm without synchronized sound in a Pittsburgh morgue. The title is based on a literal translation of the term "autopsy". The film is part of Brakhage's "Pittsburgh trilogy", a trio of "documentary" films Brakhage made about the city's various institutions in 1971; the other two are "Eyes", about the city police, and "Deus Ex", filmed in a hospital. Writing about the film, American critic Jonathan Rosenbaum referred to "The Act of Seeing with One's Own Eyes" as "one of the most direct confrontations with death ever recorded on film."
Brakhage shot "The Act of Seeing with One's Own Eyes" during a visit to a morgue. The film documented highly graphic typical autopsy procedures such as the removing of organs and embalming. 
True to its title, "The Act of Seeing With One’s Own Eyes" is a study in observation and immersion. Brakhage’s films are all about the visual and this film is no exception. He can be described as a 'documentarian of subjectivity' as the film techniques he used are partly about 'giving form to his eyesight' (In other words, the camera lens as the human eyes). However, the aim is always to ‘sensitive each viewer to his own subjectivity’. 
The stripped-down filming style (silent thus free of all voice over typical in documentaries) enables the viewer to form their own interpretations and judgements. Indeed, for all its gore, the general viewing experience and observation can be something like what Fred Camper has described, “The Act of Seeing with one’s own eyes (1971) will soon discover that the film is also a curious, admittedly creepy, study of the varieties of light reflected off of skin, with luminous fluid appearing to dance with the camera”.
In a "Senses of Cinema" profile of the filmmaker, filmmaker and curator Brian Frye wrote: "The key image of "The Act of Seeing With One's Own Eyes" is quite likely the bluntest statement on the human condition ever filmed. In the course of an autopsy, the skin around the scalp is slit with a scalpel, and in preparation for exposing and examining the brain, the face of each cadaver is literally peeled off, like a mask, revealing the raw meat beneath. That image, once seen, will never leave you."

</doc>
<doc id="20789017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789017" title="Aswesuma">
Aswesuma

Aswesuma (The Compensation) is a 2001 Sri Lankan crime drama film starring Joe Abeywickrama, Sangeetha Weeraratne, and Jackson Anthony. The film was directed by Bennett Rathnayake and won the FIPRESCI Prize at the Bombay International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20789024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789024" title="Bill Zanker">
Bill Zanker

Bill Zanker is an American entrepreneur, best known for being the founder of the adult education company The Learning Annex. He is married to Deborah Zanker, and the two have three children, Ediva Zanker (born 1993), Dylan Zanker (born 1995) and Vera Zanker (born 1996). The family currently resides in Utah.
Zanker grew up in Teaneck, New Jersey. He earned a bachelor of arts degree from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and majored in film towards a master's degree at The New School.
Entrepreneurial pursuits.
FundAnything.
In 2013 Zanker announced the launch of FundAnything.com, a digital platform aimed at broadening the crowdfunding market to include the general public. One of the more notable financial partners is Donald Trump, who, as of May 7, 2013, personally supports new projects on a weekly basis that are also promoted on Trump's Twitter account.
In July 2013, the platform supported comedian and radio personality Adam Carolla to raise US$1 million in under 30 days for his film "Road Hard". As of September 12, 2013, FundAnything executive Brad Wyman stated that he continues to negotiate with all of America's major studios and was preparing for a television studio campaign: "I’m ready to do a crowdfunding campaign for a TV studio where they’re literally putting up five different shows. The one that gets the highest funding will get put into production.”
The Learning Annex.
In 1980 Bill founded The Learning Annex, which he later sold in 1991. He remained a consultant until 1997, when he partnered with California Learning Annex and acquired New York Learning Annex. In December 2001, Bill became the owner of all Learning Annex Properties after buying out his partners. In 2007,The Learning Annex was valued at $107 million.
The Great American BackRub.
In 1993, Bill founded a chain of stress reduction stores called The Great American BackRub. He sold the company to The Barclay Group in 1997.
BrainFuel.com.
In 1998, Bill started BrainFuel.com, which was one of the first internet-based eLearning companies. In 1999, he sold it for $9 million.
OneMinuteU.
In 2007, Bill started a second education website called OneMinuteU. The site centered on video sharing. The idea is that users can post videos, but they must teach the viewer something and the video must be one minute long.
Think Big and Kick Ass in Business and Life.
In 2007, Bill co-authored a book with Donald Trump called "Think Big and Kick Ass in Business and Life". It is a New York Times Best Seller.

</doc>
<doc id="20789035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789035" title="Roberta Klatzky">
Roberta Klatzky

Roberta "Bobby Lou" Klatzky is the Charles J. Queenan Professorship of Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University. She specializes in human perception and cognition, particularly relating to perception and representation of space and perception in nonvisual modalities. She has done extensive research on human haptic and visual object recognition, navigation under visual and nonvisual guidance, and perceptually guided action. Her work has application to navigation aids for the blind, haptic interfaces, exploratory robotics, teleoperation, and virtual environments. The impact of Klatzky's research in these fields has been recognized by numerous organizations, and she has been elected as a fellow in the American Psychological Association, the Association for Psychological Science, the Society of Experimental Psychologists, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Klatzky received a B.A. in mathematics from the University of Michigan in 1968 and a Ph.D. in psychology from Stanford University in 1972. Prior to working at CMU, Klatzky was employed at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Klatzky is a member of the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition and the Human Computer Interaction Institute at CMU.

</doc>
<doc id="20789043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789043" title="Symphurus">
Symphurus

Symphurus is a genus of tonguefishes. They are distinguished by merged dorsal, caudal, and anal fins, the absence of a lateral line and pectoral fins, and the presence of only one pelvic fin. They are sinistral flatfishes, meaning that as adults their craniums are asymmetrical with both eyes on the left side. The largest species grows to 30 cm long.
Species.
There are currently 74 recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="20789048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789048" title="Cliff Cavener">
Cliff Cavener

Cliff Cavener (born 30 April 1967) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Edmonton.
Cavener, who made his Minor Counties Championship debut in 1988, made his List A debut in the NatWest Trophy of 1993, against Gloucestershire. From the lower-middle order, he scored a single run, and took bowling figures of 1-56.
Having played regularly in the Minor Counties Championship in 1994 and 1995, Cavener took five seasons out from the game. Cavener made his second and final List A appearance in August 2001, scoring two runs, though this was his final appearance for Hertfordshire in any form of cricket.
Cavener joined Hertford in 2002 and as of 2008, still represents the team in the Cockspur Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20789052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789052" title="Journal of Mental Health">
Journal of Mental Health

Journal of Mental Health is a bi-monthly journal established in March 1992 by Ray Hodgson (University of Wales College of Medicine, Centre of Applied Public Health Medicine, Cardiff). In 2002, Til Wykes became the Executive Editor and has continued in that role until the present time.
For the first three years it was published quarterly, with five editions in 1995 and 1996 before settling on a bi-monthly issue cycle.
The first flyer for the journal stated in 1990 that "we have no intention of
adding to the multitude of lightly thumbed, tenuously relevant and uninteresting journals
accumulating in our libraries and on our bookshelves". Instead, they wanted to publish "work
which will have a direct impact upon our daily clinical practice, which is thought-provoking
and which challenges assumptions and methods in mental health".
The journal was mentioned 82 times in 2003 "Cases for Change" document published by National Institute for Mental Health in England.

</doc>
<doc id="20789060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789060" title="Sonnal Thaan Kaadhala">
Sonnal Thaan Kaadhala

Sonnal Thaan Kathala is a 2001 Tamil romance film directed, produced by and starring T. Rajendar. Murali, Roja Selvamani, Karan, Livingston, and Vadivelu play other important roles, while Silambarasan Rajendar makes a special appearance.
Plot.
T. Rajendar is an investigative journalist who runs a music troupe, in which Roja is the lead female singer. Roja works in a finance firm, and has a big family of three sisters, a brother, a father (who is an alcoholic) and a mother to support. Murali her office colleague loves Roja, and makes his intention clear in every opportunity that he gets. But Roja has no time for him. T. Rajendar has a sister, Swati who is married to a corrupt cop (Karan). The cop, furious about Rajender exposing him in his newspaper, harasses the sister, egged on by his avaricious mother and sister. The burden of taking care of the family becomes a little too much for Roja. Finally T. Rajendar, against all odds advises Roja to accept Murali's love.
Reception.
Although the film did not make a box office impact, the soundtrack was somewhat a success. The film won two separate awards the following year; a Tamil Nadu State Film Award and Filmfare Award.
Soundtrack.
There are eight songs composed by T. Rajendar.

</doc>
<doc id="20789075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789075" title="The Goldeneye">
The Goldeneye

The Goldeneye is a strong but sweet cocktail made from vodka and amaretto served in an old-fashioned glass with ice with a twist of lemon. A lemon wedge can be substituted for the lemon twist.
Preparation.
The typical preparation is equal parts vodka and amaretto poured over ice. Variations include different proportions of vodka or amaretto. Also, the cocktail can be mixed in a cocktail shaker. A twist of lemon (a strip of the peel, usually squeezed or twisted to express volatile oils onto the surface of the drink) or a lemon wedge are added as a garnish.

</doc>
<doc id="20789082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789082" title="Malaysian Hockey Confederation">
Malaysian Hockey Confederation

The Malaysian Hockey Confederation (MHC) is the national governing body for Malaysia national field hockey team, Malaysia national women's field hockey team, Malaysia national under-21 field hockey team, Malaysia national women's under-21 field hockey team, Malaysia national indoor hockey team and Malaysia national women's indoor hockey team than also manage the field hockey in Malaysia. It is affiliated to the Asian Hockey Federation (AHF) and member of the International Hockey Federation (FIH).
The current MHC president is Tengku Abdullah ibni Sultan Ahmad Shah.
History.
By 1886, the game was sufficiently played in England for it to be organized with a set of rules and the Hockey Association was formed in England. It didn’t take long for the game to make its way to Malaya, and the first formal match played was between Harris’ XI and Whitley’s XI on Nov 30, 1898 in Kuala Lumpur. Inter-Club matches were played between Selangor and Singapore as early as 1904, and other British-dominated clubs in Malacca, Ipoh and Penang also had their matches. By the 1920s, there were more Malays playing the game. The Federated Malay States versus Colony series was started in 1925.
Penang claim to have formed the first State Hockey Association, though all records were lost during the World War II, the “memory of the old-timers” says the association took shape about the 1924-25 season. Perak, however, were the first to officially form a State Hockey Association in October 1927, and so too Negeri Sembilan. And in Perak, the Constitution was amended in 1936 to provide for District Hockey Association. Six districts formed their Hockey Association the same year. Records show that the game was played at the club level in 1931 by Tamilians’ Physical Cultural Association, Selangor Malays and Selangor Chinese Recreation Club in Kuala Lumpur. The game went “international” with the visit of the Indian Olympic team in 1932. The Indians treated the local fan to a delightful display of hockey on their way to a 7-0 win over the Malayan XI.
By the 1930s, regular Inter-State matches were held. The 1939 records show that Selangor were a hot number, beating Negeri 9-0 on Nov 4, Malacca 2-0 on Nov 18 and Penang 1-0 on Dec 2. Hockey was up and running in the country and the game was played at club and district levels nationwide by the late 30s (Taiping HA organized the first district league in the country in 1946-47) with Hockey Association having been formed in many states. The Quadrangular hockey matches over three days were regular features of Malayan hockey and it “made possible for teams situated in the extremities of the country to meet each other in friendly matches”. The hockey season ended with the classic North v South match. North was made up of Kedah, Penang, Perak, Pahang and Selangor while South had Negeri Sembilan, Malacca, Johor and Singapore.
In the first season 1940-41, North beat South 4-1 in Kuala Lumpur. When the series resumed after the War, North and South drew 0-0 in Kuala Lumpur. North either won or drew the next six in the series, with South posting their only in, by 3-2, in 1953-54 in Singapore. After the North v South Hockey Match at the end of the 1947-48 season in Kuala Lumpur, delegates from the Hockey Associations of Penang, Perak, Selangor, Negeri Sembilan, Malacca, Johor and Singapore met.
Singapore HA President Sir George E.N. Oehlers formally proposed, “That a body governing the game of Hockey in the Federation of Malaya and in the Colony of Singapore be formed and that such a body be called the Malayan Hockey Council”. Sir George was elected the first president. Regular Quadrangular Hockey over the weekend during the hockey season and the introduction of the Malayan Championships in 1951 put the game on a higher level in the country.
The exploits of the legendary Indians in the Olympics – they had won five titles since the 1928 Amsterdam Games, and the fifth was at the 1952 Helsinki Games – fired the Olympic imagination of hockey enthusiasts in Malaya. Olympic participation is through the Olympic Council and the Malayan Hockey Council did the needful, with the Amateur Athletics Union of Malaya. They met at the PWD Sports Club in Cheras, Kuala Lumpur on Aug 15, 1953 at 11.20am. The meeting ended 35 minutes and the Federation of Malaya Olympic Council was formed.
The Malayan Hockey Federation, with Singapore going their separate way, was formed in 1954 with Herman Marie De Souza was elected president and Kandiah Aryaduray the secretary. Sir Gerald Templer, the supremo of Malaya and Sir Donald MacGillivray the High Commissioner of the Federation of Malaya, were roped in as Patrons. Malaya were ready for their first international outing, the 1956 Melbourne Olympics and have never looked back since.
Tournaments and Events.
In Malaysia, the top highest of sport Field hockey tournaments or events is the :
Malaysia Hockey League
But if the national team competitions of Malaysia national field hockey team are :
FIH Hockey World Cup
AHF Hockey Asia Cup

</doc>
<doc id="20789083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789083" title="Nellis AFB Bombing Range">
Nellis AFB Bombing Range

The Nellis AFB Bombing Range is the bombing range of the Nellis Air Force Base, located in Clark County, Nevada, USA.
References.
Info

</doc>
<doc id="20789087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789087" title="Prosperita Open">
Prosperita Open

The Prosperita Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually in Ostrava, Czech Republic, since 2004. In 2004, the tournament was still called Ispat Open.

</doc>
<doc id="20789113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789113" title="Magali Messac">
Magali Messac

Magali Messac, a European/American ballet dancer, was born and raised in the south of France, where she received her early training from Olga and Henry Taneeff. At the age of seventeen, she joined the Hamburg Ballet, and four years later, was promoted to principal dancer. That year, she received the Oberdorfer prize for the most talented young artist. In 1978, she came to the United States as a principal dancer for the Pennsylvania Ballet, and in 1980, was invited by Mikhail Baryshnikov to join American Ballet Theatre as one of their principal ballerinas. Ms. Messac finished her performing career in Seattle with the Pacific Northwest Ballet.
Throughout her career she danced the major roles of the classical repertoire. She was also admired for her strength and beauty in contemporary works, including a wide selection of ballets by George Balanchine, and Anthony Tudor. Original ballets were created for her by a number of choreographers, including Mikhail Baryshnikov, Twyla Tharp, John Neumeier, Marcel Marceau, and Glen Tetley.
She studied with many important teachers, but Maggie Black, who trained and privately coached her in New York, was her greatest influence.
Ms. Messac currently lives in Seattle, Washington where, for many years, she was on the faculty of Cornish College of the Arts. She also taught advanced ballet classes for Spectrum Dance Company. She was a permanent faculty member for the American Ballet Theater's summer intensive. 
Besides her involvement with dance, Magali Messac is a Gyrotonic Master Trainer. The Gyrotonic Expansion System is a conditioning program, both for dancers and the general public. Ms. Messac established her studio, GYROTONIC SEATTLE, as the leading training facility in the Pacific Northwest.
Magali Messac on YouTube
La Bayadere
Rehearsing Raymonda & Coppelia 
Coppelia (1st Act) 
Coppelia (2nd Act) 
Nutcracker 
Romeo and Juliet 
References.
Anderson, Jack: June 7, 1982. "Ballet: A Shy Giselle" http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9E01E5DF1F38F934A35755C0A964948260 The New York Times
Duffy, Martha: Feb. 13, 1984. "Tharp Moves Out from Wingside" http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,926472,00.html Time Magazine

</doc>
<doc id="20789122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789122" title="Lorraine Williams">
Lorraine Williams

Lorraine Dille Williams is an American businesswoman. She was hired as manager of TSR, Inc. by company co-founder Gary Gygax in 1984, and was in charge of the gaming company from 1986 to 1997. Williams gained control of TSR the following year when the Blume brothers sold her their controlling shares of the company. For several years after that, TSR was a gaming industry leader. In 1996, an unexpectedly high cost of returned (unsold) fiction books and an expensive, unsuccessful foray into the collectible card game market caused a cash flow squeeze, and Williams was forced to sell TSR to Wizards of the Coast in 1997.
Williams inherited the rights to Buck Rogers and a large collection of Buck Rogers memorabilia. She sold the memorabilia at auction in 2010.
Early life.
Lorraine Williams was the granddaughter of John F. Dille who, while president of the National Newspaper Service syndicate in the 1920s, arranged for Buck Rogers to be turned into a syndicated comic strip. After Dille's death in 1957, ownership of Buck Rogers and other works passed into Williams's hands through the Dille family trust, making Williams the inheritor of the Buck Rogers franchise. When the trust was sold, the Dille family retained the licensing of Buck Rogers, as well as a collection of Buck Rogers memorabilia that John F. Dille had accumulated over thirty years. Williams helped her father to catalog and pack away all of the items.
Williams attended the University of California at Berkeley, where she earned a B.A. in history. After graduating, she worked at the National Newspaper Syndicate. She then became an assistant administrator at the Rush-Presbyterian-St. Luke's Medical Center. Later, she joined the National Easter Seal Society, where she worked as an administrator.
TSR.
Brought into TSR by Gary Gygax.
Gary Gygax, co-inventor of the role-playing game "Dungeons & Dragons" and partner in the company TSR, had been sent to Hollywood in 1982 to work on licensing the "Dungeons & Dragons" brand, leaving the day-to-day operations of TSR to his fellow board members, Kevin and Brian Blume. While in Hollywood, he was involved in the making of the "Dungeons & Dragons" animated television show and exploring the possibility of a film adaptation of the game. In the course of his work, Gygax met Flint Dille, with whom he collaborated on a series of choose-your-own-adventure-type novels and a script for an unmade "Dungeons & Dragons" film. In 1984, Gygax was alerted to the fact that TSR was $1.5 million in debt and the Blumes were looking for a buyer. In an attempt to bring new investment money into the company, Gygax asked Flint Dille to arrange a meeting with his sister, Lorraine Williams.
Although Williams turned down Gygax's invitation to invest in TSR, Gygax did hire her, on the basis of her management experience, to manage TSR. Williams was effective in her role, and was able to deal with TSR's creditors and get money flowing back into the company again. Gygax subsequently engineered the removal of Kevin Blume as CEO and the removal of three of Blume's friends from the board as well but, in an act many saw as retaliation, the Blumes soon sold their stock to Williams, making her the majority shareholder. Gygax tried to fire Williams and replace her with his future wife, Gail Carpenter, but was advised not to. Gygax tried to have the sale of stock declared illegal; after that failed, Gygax sold his remaining stock to Williams and left TSR at the end of 1985. Williams formally took over TSR in 1986.
In control of TSR.
Williams was a financial planner who saw the potential for transforming the debt-plagued company into a highly profitable one. However, she supposedly disdained gaming, viewing herself as superior to gamers. Williams is rumored to have implemented an internal policy under which playing games was forbidden at the company, although former TSR employee Mike Breault has stated that there was no such policy.
She also continued to try to thwart Gary Gygax's attempts to stay in the gaming industry. Upon leaving TSR, Gygax had founded New Infinities Productions, Inc., and subsequently developed a new fantasy role-playing game, spanning multiple genres, called "Dangerous Journeys". When the product was released by Game Designers' Workshop, Williams immediately sued, claiming that it infringed TSR's intellectual property. The suit was eventually settled out of court, with TSR buying the complete rights to the "Dangerous Journeys" system from New Infinities and then permanently shelving the entire project. With no product to sell, Gygax's new company was driven out of business.
Under Williams's direction, TSR initially maintained its leadership position in role-playing games, and solidified its expansion into other fields, such as magazines, paperback fiction, and comic books. Through her family, Williams personally held the rights to the Buck Rogers license and encouraged TSR to produce Buck Rogers games and novels. In 1988 she edited "Buck Rogers: The First 60 Years in the 25th Century". TSR would also publish a Buck Rogers board game, a Buck Rogers XXVC role-playing game based on the "AD&D" 2nd Edition rules, over a dozen supplements for the role-playing game, comic books (1990-1991), a line of 11 novels and graphic novels (1989-1993), and two computer games produced by SSI (1990-1992). As Williams' family owned "Buck Rogers", TSR paid them royalties on the character.
The downfall of TSR.
During the 1980s, TSR was the top games company in North America. However, in the early 1990s, TSR fell behind both Games Workshop and Wizards of the Coast in terms of sales volume. Seeing the profits being generated by Wizards of the Coast with their collectible card game "", TSR attempted to enter this market in 1996 in a novel way with "Dragon Dice", a game that used packs of collectible dice instead of cards. In addition, despite a history of publishing only one or two hardcover novels each year, TSR also decided to publish twelve novels in 1996.
Sales of "Dragon Dice" through the games trade started strongly, so TSR quickly produced several expansion packs. In addition, TSR tried to aggressively market "Dragon Dice" in mass-market book stores through Random House. However, "Dragon Dice" did not catch on through the book trade, and sales of the expansion sets through traditional games stores sold poorly. In addition, the twelve hardcover novels did not sell as well as expected. Despite total sales of $40 million, TSR ended 1996 with few cash reserves. When Random House returned an unexpectedly high percentage of the year's inventory of unsold novels and "Dragon Dice" for a fee of several million dollars, TSR found itself in a cash crunch.
With no cash available, TSR was unable to pay their printing and shipping bills, and the logistics company that handled TSR's pre-press, printing, warehousing, and shipping refused to do any more work. Since the logistics company had the production plates for key products such as core D&D books, there was no means of printing or shipping core products in order to generate income or secure short-term financing.
Bob Abramowitz of Five Rings Publishing Group met with Williams and was able to negotiate and secure an option to purchase TSR, using funding from Wizards of the Coast. With no viable financial plan for TSR's survival, Williams sold the company to Wizards of the Coast in 1997.
Auction of Buck Rogers collection.
In August 2010, Williams announced that she was selling what she described as the world's largest collection of Buck Rogers original comic art, prototypes, toys, books, and collectibles. This was the material she had helped her father to catalog and pack up many years before. She said at the time of the announcement that her instinct had been to hold on to everything, but she had come to realize that it was more important to get the collection out into the public. The pieces of the collection were subsequently sold at auction on August 28, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20789134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789134" title="Rob Dressler">
Rob Dressler

Robert Alan Dressler (born February 2, 1954 in Portland, Oregon) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the San Francisco Giants, St. Louis Cardinals, and Seattle Mariners.
Dressler was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 1st round (19th overall) in the 1972 Major League Baseball Draft and made his major league debut for the Giants in . On July 24, , he was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals for John Tamargo and purchased by the Seattle Mariners on June 7, . In his final major league season in , Dressler had a 3.98 ERA in 149.1 innings pitched.

</doc>
<doc id="20789147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789147" title="Battle of Catirai">
Battle of Catirai

Battle of Catirai on January 7, 1569 between the Mapuche army of Toqui Llanganabal and the Spanish army led by Martín Ruiz de Gamboa that resulted in a Mapuche victory.
History.
In 1569. Llanganabal had risen to command the Moluche army with Millalelmo and other captains as his subordinates. To resist the Spanish army under Governor Melchor Bravo de Saravia that had been burning the fields and rucas on the south bank of the Bio Bio River, in the aillarehue of Catirai across from Talcamávida. Llanganabal's deputy, Millalelmo had built a strong fortress on a hill in the area in a difficult position on steep wooded slopes. Despite the warnings of Lorenzo Bernal del Mercado who had reconoitered the position, Spaniards new to Chile and the Arauco War prevailed on Governor Saravia to order Martín Ruiz de Gamboa to take his command and attack the place.
Meanwhile Llanganabal had gathered all his army there at their fortress to resist the attack.
Gamboa's force was badly defeated while attempting to attack up the steep thickly wooded hill into Llanganabal's fortified position.

</doc>
<doc id="20789153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789153" title="Una Noche">
Una Noche

Una Noche is the first live album released by Puerto Rican rock band La Secta AllStar. The album was released independently in 2002. The album featured the Puerto Rican reggae band Cultura Profética on the song "Vino Viejo".

</doc>
<doc id="20789154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789154" title="Jaffna hospital massacre">
Jaffna hospital massacre

The Jaffna hospital massacre happened on October 21 and 22, 1987 during the Sri Lankan Civil War, when soldiers of the Indian Army entered the premises of the Jaffna Teaching Hospital in Jaffna, Sri Lanka, an island nation in South Asia, and killed between 60 and 70 patients and staff. The rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, the government of Sri Lanka, and independent observers such as the University Teachers for Human Rights and others have called it a massacre of civilians. 
However, Indian Army maintains that the soldiers were fired upon and the Indian army officer in charge of the military operations, Lieutenant General Depinder Singh, claimed that these civilians were killed in a crossfire between the soldiers and the rebels. Soldiers responsible for this massacre were not prosecuted by the Indian government.
Background information.
During the British colonial period, when Sri Lanka was known as Ceylon, most civil service jobs (roughly 60%) were held by the minority Sri Lankan Tamils, who comprised approximately 15% of the population. This was enabled because of the availability of western style education provided by American missionaries and others in the Tamil dominant Jaffna peninsula. The preponderance of Tamils over their proportionate share of the population was an issue for populist majority Sinhalese politicians, who came to political power by promising to elevate the Sinhalese people. The resultant measures as well as riots and pogroms that targeted the minority Sri Lankan Tamils led to the formation of a number of rebel groups advocating independence for Sri Lankan Tamils. Following the 1983 Black July pogrom full scale civil war began between the government and the rebel groups.
In 1987 the government of Sri Lanka and India entered into an agreement and invited the Indian Army to be used as peace keepers. Eventually the Indian Peace Keeping Force (IPKF) came into conflict with one of the rebel groups namely the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE). By October 1987 the Indian forces were trying to wrest control of the Jaffna peninsula from the LTTE.
The attack.
The Jaffna hospital, also known as the Jaffna teaching hospital and Jaffna general hospital, is the premier healthcare providing institution within the densely populated Jaffna peninsula situated in the Northern Province of Sri Lanka. It had functioned throughout the period of civil war as a sanctuary that was out of bounds for combatants. After the deterioration of the relationship between the rebel LTTE and the IPKF, an attempt by the IPKF to capture Jaffna town was expected. Because of fears of a military operation by the Indian Army, some staff of the hospital had kept away from duty. But others had reported to work assuming that the Indian Army would be considerate because of assurances provided by the Indian Embassy in Colombo to a group of prominent Jaffna citizens that a major military action was not imminent. By October 21, 1987 which was Diwali, a high Hindu holiday, over 70 dead bodies had accumulated in the mortuary as a result of shelling and other military activities.
Reactions.
The Indian Army had maintained that they were fired upon from inside the Hospital and people were caught up in a cross fire. This was reiterated by Lieutenant General Depinder Singh. The rebel LTTE and the government of Sri Lanka have maintained that it was an unprovoked massacre of civilians. The Government of Sri Lanka in 2008 termed it a Crime against humanity. A number of independent observers such as University Teachers for Human Rights, a Human Rights organization from Sri Lanka, and western observers such Mr. John Richardson and others maintain that it was a massacre of civilians.
In popular culture.
The massacre and other alleged atrocities of the war are covered in the award-winning 2002 film "In the Name of Buddha" directed by Rajesh Touchriver.

</doc>
<doc id="20789155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789155" title="Lira Tskhovrebova">
Lira Tskhovrebova

Lira Kozaeva-Tskhovrebova (b. 1951) is a self-described independent activist and the founder of the "Association of South Ossetian Women for Democracy and Human Rights". 
In December 2008 Georgia's Interior Minister, Vano Merabishvili accused Tskhovrebova of lobbying in the United States on behalf of the South Ossetian KGB secret service (and ultimately Russia’s FSB) and of spying on her Western contacts.

</doc>
<doc id="20789168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789168" title="New Bus for London">
New Bus for London

The New Bus for London, sometimes referred to as NB4L, and colloquially as the New Routemaster, Borisbus or Borismaster (a portmanteau on the Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, who drove their introduction, and the AEC Routemaster that it was designed to replace), is a bus operated in London. Designed by Heatherwick Studio, it is manufactured by Wrightbus, and features the 'hop-on hop-off' rear open platform of the original Routemaster, but meets the requirements for modern buses to be fully accessible. The first bus entered service on 27 February 2012.
The original AEC Routemaster was a standard London bus type with a rear open platform and crewed by both a driver and conductor. It was withdrawn from service (except for two heritage routes) at the end of 2005 by London Mayor Ken Livingstone, in favour of a fully accessible one-person-operated modern fleet, none of which featured a rear open platform. The withdrawal of the Routemaster became an issue of the 2008 London mayoral election, and Boris Johnson was subsequently elected mayor, with one of his campaign pledges being to introduce a new Routemaster. Following an open design competition in 2008, Wrightbus was awarded the contract to build the bus at the end of 2009, and the final design was announced in May 2010.
The design for the new bus features three doors and two staircases to allow accessible boarding. Unlike the original Routemaster, the new bus has a conventional full front end and a rear platform that can be closed when not needed, rather than the protruding, bonneted 'half cab' design and permanently open platform. The layout of the new bus allows it to be operated by one person at off-peak times. The cost of each bus will be £354,500 over the four year procurement period, which is higher than the price of £326,000 for a standard bus.
Configuration.
The final design has doors at the front, centre and rear. The front and rear doors lead to staircases to the upper deck. The rear entrance has a platform and pole similar to the Routemaster, which is open for hop-on, hop-off operation when a conductor is present. Oyster card readers are provided at each of the three boarding points but other types of ticket and cash must be presented to the driver as the conductor will not handle fares or check tickets.
There is a new pattern of moquette for the seating. The internal lighting is provided by LED clusters and there is a climate-controlled ventilation system. Travel information, such as details of the next stop, is provided by an audio-visual system, which includes the T-loop output.
The bus is driven by an electric motor powered by a battery pack. This is recharged by a diesel generator and regenerative braking. The diesel engine runs only when the battery needs charging and so the bus will have lower pollution and better fuel consumption than earlier buses in this class.
Background.
Original Routemaster in London.
Designed for and largely operated in London, over 2,800 AEC Routemasters were built between 1956 and 1968, following a design effort started in 1947. So robust was the design that the Routemaster outlived newer buses intended to replace it, into the deregulated era. It was not withdrawn from regular London passenger service until December 2005.
From 31 December 2000 it had become mandatory for all new buses delivered in the UK to comply with the Disability Discrimination Act 1995, leading to the development of the wheelchair accessible low-floor bus. Through the TfL contract renewal process, after 2000, the Routemaster began to be isolated as the most common example of a non-wheelchair accessible bus type used on TfL routes.
The inaugural London mayor, Ken Livingstone, had shown support for the Routemaster during his first term, indicating the type would be retained in a limited capacity on contract renewals as before. In 2004, after election as mayor for a second term, Livingstone changed the policy on the Routemaster, preferring to convert the entire London fleet to modern bus types.
While older buses were exempt from the disability discrimination requirements until 2017, after the 2004 election TfL adopted an internal policy aim of requiring all of its bus routes to be operated by low-floor buses, thereby requiring the withdrawal of the Routemaster from London. Contributory factors to the withdrawal were said to be the risk of litigation over accidents arising from using the rear platform, the cost savings of one-person operation, and that passengers preferred the comfort levels of modern buses to the vintage Routemaster.
The Routemaster continues in operation on heritage routes 9 and 15 awarded as tendered routes by TfL, but they do not contravene the TfL accessible public transport policy requirement as they are paralleled over their full length by low-floor vehicles with the same route number.
FRM & XRM.
An attempt to design a rear-engined front-entrance version of the Routemaster in 1964/65 led to the construction of FRM1 (front-entrance Route Master) in 1966. This prototype shared approximately 60% of its components with a standard Routemaster, and was the first integrally-constructed rear-engined double-decker built in Britain. Because of its single door (a serious drawback for a high-capacity bus) and continued mechanical problems associated with its unique design, the FRM was considered a "dead end", although it did provide "proof of concept".
In 1968 London Transport went back to the drawing board for another replacement of the Routemaster, with an anticipated introduction date of 1985. The initial result was a four-axle low-floor design that would have been suitable for automatic fare collection. By 1975 the project was well in hand and had been named XRM (Experimental Route Master). Features of the new design included a side-mounted engine for maximum flexibility in door and seating layout, and hydraulic drive to four small-wheeled axles for the lowest possible floor. Experiments in the mid-1970s yielded disappointing results, and in 1978 the XRM morphed into a more-conventional-looking vehicle, albeit with the rear door located behind the rear axle. Other proposed features were LPG fuel and hydraulic suspension to lower the floor at stops. XRM design work was cancelled in September 1980, as it was calculated that it would cost £153m to build 2,500 new XRMs but only £13.5m to overhaul 2,700 Routemasters.
A decade later London Transport once again looked for another replacement. In 1989 designs were solicited from Dennis Bus, Alexander and Northern Counties. Somewhat surprisingly, the style specified was a rear-entrance half-cab layout identical to the original Routemaster, but by now considered obsolete elsewhere in Britain.
In 1999 London Transport received an unsolicited design from Colin Curtis, its former vehicle engineering manager who had overseen the design of the Routemaster. Dubbed the Q Master it found little favour within London Transport nor when Curtis approached manufacturers. When Transport for London announced that the Routemaster would be retained until 2010 in September 2000 it indicated it would look at developing a Routemaster replacement, however this project was confirmed as dead in June 2003.
Design.
Initial Capoco proposal.
On 3 September 2007 the Conservative mayoral candidate for London, Boris Johnson, announced that he was contemplating introducing a modern-day Routemaster. In December 2007, the UK automotive magazine "Autocar" commissioned the bus designer Capoco, designer of the innovative Optare Solo, to come up with detailed proposals for a new-generation Routemaster. Their design, dubbed the RMXL, was a hybrid technology low-floor bus with a lightweight aluminium space frame, with four more seats and twice the standing capacity of the old Routemaster, and operated by a driver and conductor.
The design incorporated disabled access through a closing front door behind the front wheels, while retaining open-platform rear access, with the staircase still at the rear. The hybrid drivetrain had a front-mounted continuous-revving hydrogenised petrol engine; this charged front-mounted batteries, which powered the rear wheels through rear-mounted electric motors. This arrangement, through not requiring a mechanical transmission, allowed for a low floor and a step-free entrance into the lower deck from the rear platform.
Hydrogen storage tanks would be located under the rear staircase. The design was covered by the national press but attracted criticism from Livingstone as being too costly to justify and still not safe, despite proposals to monitor the rear platform with cameras.
New Bus For London competition.
Johnson backed the "Autocar" / Capoco design in principle and suggested that he would hold a formal design competition to develop a new Routemaster if he was elected London mayor in May 2008. After winning, on 4 July 2008 Johnson announced the New Bus For London competition.
An initiative of Transport for London, the competition invited anybody, both companies and members of the public, to submit ideas for consideration. The competition had two categories, an Imagine category for general ideas and concepts, and a Design category, for more detailed proposals. In both categories, entries could be either "whole bus" submissions, or proposals for parts of the bus.
The Imagine category called for the submission of imaginative ideas for a red double-decker bus with a rear open platform, and one other entrance/exit with doors. The Design category called for detailed designs of a low floor red double-decker bus with at least one internal staircase, a rear open platform, and one other entrance/exit with doors, to be crewed by a driver and conductor, and suitable for carrying 72 passengers seated and standing. The designs were required to satisfy a table of mandatory and suggested design specifications, and "be practical and economic and capable of being put into mass production". The competition offered cash prizes for entrants, with £25,000 for the winner, and smaller awards for good ideas.
One initial set of proposals gained media attention after being unveiled during October 2008, for a "smiley bus" known as the H4 (designed by the H4 Group). Future Systems offered a "space age" alternative powered by hydrogen. Foster and Partners submitted a glass-roofed design.
The winners were announced on 19 December 2008. There were 225 entries in the Design category, and 475 entries in the Imagine category
The £25,000 prize for winning the whole bus Design category was shared between two entries, one from Capoco Design, a bus, coach and truck design firm, and one from a joint submission made by architects Foster and Partners and automotive company Aston Martin
Tendering process & final design.
The winning and other merited entrants in both the Imagine and Design categories for both 'whole bus' submission and part submissions were passed by TfL to bus manufacturers, for them to draw up detailed final designs meeting all relevant legislation, and later presented to TfL for consideration on a competitive-tender basis. By April 2009, a formal invitation to express interest in the project was published in the Official Journal of the European Union
In May 2009, six manufacturers were invited to negotiate for the contract to design and build the new bus. They were Alexander Dennis, EvoBus (which includes Mercedes-Benz), Hispano Carrocera, Optare, Scania and Wrightbus, having all met TfL's criteria for pre-qualification for tendering, which included demonstrating they had a manufacturing capacity of building 600 buses over three years. Volvo declined to enter the bidding process. Transport for London set a deadline of 14 August for the submission of detailed tenders, and Scania and Evobus pulled out before this deadline. Scania did not believe the timeline for introduction of the first prototype was feasible for them, while Evobus had concerns over their lack of a double-decker in the current line-up.
On 23 December 2009, Northern Ireland-based vehicle manufacturer Wrightbus was awarded the contract to build the Future Routemaster. The contract called for a bus with a capacity for at least 87 passengers, two staircases, three doors, and an open rear platform able to be closed off when not required, such as at night. The bus would be a hybrid, utilising technology to make it 40% more fuel efficient than conventional diesel buses, and 15% more fuel efficient than London hybrid buses already in operation, reducing nitrogen oxide emissions by 40% and particulate matter by 33% compared with conventional diesel buses.
On 17 May 2010, the final design was unveiled by Wrightbus, featuring asymmetric glass swoops as its signature "futuristic" styling feature. Transport for London and Wrightbus worked with Heatherwick Studio to produce the styling for Wrightbus' final design. As it is an iconic bus for London, TfL has applied to the Intellectual Property Office for Registered Design Protection for the exterior design.
The bodywork features two diagonal glass windows from top to bottom decks, one curving around the rear, the other on the right-hand side towards the front, which illuminate the interiors of both staircases with natural light. The rear staircase is in the same position as the original Routemaster, curving around the rear section, while the front staircase is straight, ascending on the right-hand side of the chassis over the driver's cab, opening out in the front of the upper deck.
The bus is certified to EC Whole Vehicle Type Approval and ECE Regulation 107, according to the manufacturers.
Production.
A static mock-up was unveiled at Acton depot on 11 November 2010: the first engineering prototype was driven by Boris Johnson at a public demonstration on 27 May 2011. The first working prototype was unveiled in December 2011 and driven from City Hall to Trafalgar Square. Within days of its unveiling, the first prototype was reported to have broken down on the M1 north of London, but this was due to human error; it had run out of fuel. The first new bus (fleet number LT 2) entered service with Arriva London on 27 February 2012, on route 38.
During the 2012 London mayoral election, former Mayor of London and Labour candidate Ken Livingstone said that, if elected, he would buy no more New Buses for London because of the price. However, Boris Johnson won the election and in September 2012 approved the order for 600 of the new buses. It will cost about £160 million for the production bus from taxpayers' money. The prototypes remain in service on route 38.
The first production batch entered service on 22 June 2013 on route 24 followed by route 11 on 21 September 2013, route 9 on 26 October 2013, route 390 on 7 December 2013 and route 148 on 15 February 2014. Route 10 is scheduled for conversion 26 April 2014 and route 8 on 28 June 2014. The rest of the 600 production buses are due to enter service by 2016 as part of the Mayor's election promise.
Overseas demonstrations.
In May 2013 two of the prototypes were loaned to the UK government to take part in a global trade mission that will cover 16 countries in four continents over 12 months. In October 2013 a third was sent on a demonstration tour to Hong Kong.
Operation.
The New Bus for London currently operates on routes 9, 11, 24, 38, 148 and 390.
The design is intended to aid speedier and smoother boarding. The rear door is not used at quieter times. The use of three doors and two staircases is not new to London: London Transport evaluated a prototype bus in the 1980s as part of the Alternative Vehicle Evaluation programme, a specially modified Volvo Ailsa B55 having two staircases. The cost of employing conductors will be about £62,000 per bus. For the total of the buses will be about £37 million by 2016.
Routes.
The NBfL is currently running on the following routes.
Ownership.
Under the bus contract tendering system for London, routes are often updated with new buses every seven years, with new buses owned or leased by the operator, whether the route operator changes or not. Redundant buses, if not used on other London contracts or sold to other London operators, often go on to further use outside London, either cascaded within the fleets of the large national operators who own several of the London operating companies, or sold to other regional companies.
The London transport commissioner Peter Hendy acknowledged in 2008 that there were economic challenges in requiring current private London bus operators to tender for routes if they required the outright purchase of the new bus for London. He acknowledged this could lead to higher bids overall, due to the fact a rear platform bus was unlikely to appeal to operators outside London, and with the questionable utility of hybrid technology to more rural operations.
An independent review of London buses by KPMG for TfL's London Buses division, which oversees the day-to-day network and route-tendering system, but does not own or operate buses, found that in the current credit climate London bus operators were reluctant to take on the residual value risk posed by the New Bus for London route contracts, while TfL would not be able to own the bus fleet due to capital restrictions. It therefore recommended that to allow use of the new buses either route contracts be extended to the expected life of the buses, or use of a leasing company to own the whole fleet, or to otherwise guarantee in some way that the residual risk to operators could be reduced.
Media.
The launch of the design for the New Bus for London led to BBC One's "The One Show" airing a segment on 18 May 2010 reviewing the 100-year history of the London standard double-decker, with John Sergeant reviewing the history of, and riding preserved examples of, the 1910 LGOC B-type, the RT and the original Routemaster.
Because of the close connection between British car magazine "Autocar" and New Bus for London, it was the subject of a road test in December 2011. The magazine said it was "the best in public transport", and referring to the vehicle's hybrid drivetrain, "brilliant economy and an interior to die for".
The New Bus for London was also road tested by Top Gear's James May.

</doc>
<doc id="20789177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789177" title="John Cale discography">
John Cale discography

John Cale (born March 9, 1942) is a Welsh musician, composer, singer-songwriter and record producer who was a founding member of the experimental rock band The Velvet Underground in the 1960s. In the subsequent four decades, Cale has released varied solo albums, film soundtracks, and collaborations with Lou Reed, Brian Eno, Bob Neuwirth and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20789192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789192" title="Robert S. Siegler">
Robert S. Siegler

Robert S. Siegler (also known as Bob Siegler) is Teresa Heinz Professor of Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University and recipient of the American Psychological Association's 2005 Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award. He specializes in the cognitive development of problem solving and reasoning in children. Three areas of particular interest to his research are strategy choices, long-term learning, and educational applications of cognitive-developmental theory. He proposed the 'overlapping waves' model of cognitive development in 1996. Siegler received a B.A. in psychology from the University of Illinois in 1970 and a Ph.D. in psychology from SUNY Stony Brook in 1974, and he has been employed at Carnegie Mellon University ever since, where he was a colleague of Herbert A. Simon. Siegler has authored and co-authored several books on cognitive development, including "How Children Discover New Strategies", "How Children Develop", "Children’s Thinking: 4th Edition", and "Emerging Minds", which was chosen as one of the Best Psychology Books of 1996 by the Association of American Publishers. He also has served as associate editor of the journal Developmental Psychology. He was a member of the National Mathematics Advisory Panel.

</doc>
<doc id="20789198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789198" title="Zaramo (dance)">
Zaramo (dance)

The Zaramo, (Greek:"Ζάραμο") is a dance from the northern Greek region of Macedonia, common in Florina regional unit. The name "Zaramo" comes from the south-slavic phrase "za ramo" ('shoulder to shoulder', also in Greek: "omo me omo"). 
The dance is done in two or more separate lines, men in one line and women in the other. It consists of an almost "hasaposerviko"-type movement at the beginning, which is the slow part. The men start out with the right foot, put the left one behind the right, move the right to the side, then lift the left leg, then lift the right leg. The women do the same, but instead of lifting the leg, they step to the side, and then step forward. Then when the transition from fast to slow happens, both men and women step with the right foot, put the left behind, then step in place three times to the side, and three times forward. The dance is performed moving to the right. 
This dance is shared by Greeks, Ethnic Macedonians, Serbs and Bulgarians.

</doc>
<doc id="20789239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789239" title="International rankings of Greece">
International rankings of Greece

The following is a list of international rankings of .

</doc>
<doc id="20789253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789253" title="Straße der Pariser Kommune">
Straße der Pariser Kommune

The Straße der Pariser Kommune is a street in Berlin-Friedrichshain. It was known as "Fruchtstraße" until March 17, 1971, when it was renamed to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Paris Commune.
The road begins at the meeting point of Mühlenstrasse and Straulauer Platz, which run parallel to the River Spree, and continues north along the rails of the Ostbahnhof to the Karl-Marx-Allee. It becomes the Friedenstraße just beyond this, where it meets the Palisadenstraße and the Weidenweg.
North of the Ostbahnhof, it is almost entirely lined with communist-era apartment buildings, though some older buildings have been preserved at the intersection with the Karl-Marx-Allee. One may also find along it the Pegasus youth hostel, the DDR-style Ostel, the offices of the Neues Deutschland publishing house, and some clubs and shops.

</doc>
<doc id="20789264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789264" title="Stephen R. Barley">
Stephen R. Barley

Stephen R. Barley (born February 16, 1953) is an American organizational theorist and The Richard W. Weiland Professor in the School of Engineering at Stanford University and the Stanford Graduate School of Education. Barley's research focuses on the role of technology in organizational change and organizational/occupational culture.
Biography.
Barley received his A.B. in English from the College of William and Mary in 1975, a M.A. in Student Personnel Administration from the Ohio State University in 1977, and a Ph.D. from the MIT Sloan School of Management in 1984. His dissertation was entitled "The Professional, the semi-professional, and the machine: The social implications of computer based imaging in radiology." His 1986 paper "Technology as an occasion for structuring" has been cited over 1000 times.
Barley was a professor in the School of Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University between 1984 and 1994 and joined the Department of Management Science and Engineering at Stanford University in 1994. The National Research Council and the National Academy of Science's committee on the changing occupational structure was co-chaired by Barley in 1998 and 1999. 
Barley was editor of the "Administrative Science Quarterly" from 1993–1997 and has served on the editorial boards for the "Academy of Management Journal", the "Journal of Managagement Studies", and "Organization Science". Barley currently co-directs the Center for Work, Technology, & Organization at Stanford University.
Selected Publications.
Books:
Articles, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="20789265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789265" title="David Margolis">
David Margolis

David Israel Margolis (January 24, 1930 – December 13, 2008) was an American industrialist who served as president and chairman of Colt Industries, who was a confidant of former Mayor of New York City Ed Koch.
Margolis was born in the Bronx on January 24, 1930. He attended the City College of New York where he received bachelor's and master's degrees in economics. After graduating, he became the assistant treasurer at Raytheon and treasurer of International Telephone & Telegraph (ITT). Margolis met Harold Geneen at a Boston company in the 1950s and followed him to ITT.
He met his wife, the former Barbara Ann Schneider, in 1958, when she was a security officer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. They married six months later, and moved to New York City in 1959.
Margolis was president of Colt Industries from 1962 to 1995, a firm founded in 1836 by Samuel Colt, and served as the company's chairman from 1984 to 1995. Margolis expanded the company from its original roles as a firearms manufacturer into a producer of machinery for the aerospace, automobile, chemical and petroleum industries, with annual revenues of $1.6 billion as of 1988.
Margolis and his wife Bobbie, then a volunteer at Rikers Island, met the future mayor at a 1967 dinner honoring a prison warden, where they were all seated at the same table. Edward Koch was sworn into office as mayor on December 31, 1977 at the Margolis home at 30 East 72nd Street. In 1979, his wife was named official greeter of New York City—officially the vice chairman of the City Commission for Distinguished Guests—the first woman to hold the honorary post which paid a salary of $1 per year.
A 1980 profile in "The New York Times" called Margolis, Koch's right-hand man, quoting Koch who called him one of his "closest friends and advisors". Though Margolis played down his relationship with the mayor, he was described as playing the behind-the-scenes role as the mayor's unofficial labor expert during the 1980 New York City transit strike, in which subway workers were on picket lines for 11 days. Koch included Margolis in City Hall strategy sessions and consulted with him on budget, economic development and labor issues.
Margolis, a resident of Manhattan died at age 78 on December 13, 2008 due to cardiac arrest. He was survived by his wife, a daughter, three sons and five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20789290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789290" title="Jaffna Teaching Hospital">
Jaffna Teaching Hospital

Jaffna Teaching Hospital is a government hospital in Jaffna, Sri Lanka. It is the leading hospital in the Northern Province and the only hospital in the province controlled by the central government in Colombo. The hospital is the only teaching hospital in the Northern Province. The hospital is the main clinical teaching facility for the University of Jaffna's Faculty of Medicine. As of 2010 it had 1,228 beds.
As well as general medical and surgical care the hospital provides a wide variety of healthcare services including cardiology, diabetic, dentistry, dermatology, family planning, gynaecology, neurology, obstetrics (ante-natal), oncology, ophthalmology, orthopaedics, otolaryngology (ENT), paediatrics and psychiatry. The hospital also has an emergency department, an intensive care unit, a premature baby unit, a primary health care unit, a pathological laboratory and a blood bank service.
In 2010 the hospital had 111,129 in-patient admissions, 268,922 out-patient visits and 476,616 clinic visits.

</doc>
<doc id="20789293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789293" title="Thomas Fulton">
Thomas Fulton

Thomas Fulton (September 18, 1949 - August 4, 1994), was an American conductor.
Noted primarily for his work in opera, Fulton debuted at the Metropolitan Opera of New York City in 1979 and remained with the company until his death. He conducted 192 performances at the Met of over 20 operas in the Italian, French and German repertoires. A 1982 performance he conducted of Humperdinck's "Hansel and Gretel" was telecast on PBS and remains available on video as a DVD.
Fulton was also associated with Orchestre National de France, and the Paris Opera among other companies in France and Germany. He was on staff as a conductor with the Ravinia Festival, the Opera Company of Boston, and the San Francisco Opera.
According to his obituary, Fulton died from kidney failure while vacationing in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="20789305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789305" title="List of Oricon number-one albums of 2001">
List of Oricon number-one albums of 2001

These are the "Oricon" number one albums of 2001, per the Oricon Weekly Album Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20789344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789344" title="Titty Hill">
Titty Hill

Titty Hill is a hamlet in the civil parish of Milland in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England. It is close to a Roman way station or "mansio" on the Chichester to Silchester Way. 
Because "titty" is a slang term for breast or nipple, the placename causes amusement and appears in lists of humorous or worst place names.

</doc>
<doc id="20789349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789349" title="Little Italy (Bridgeport)">
Little Italy (Bridgeport)

Little Italy, also commonly referred to as the Central End, is a neighborhood located in the center of inner-city Bridgeport, Connecticut located on Madison Avenue near the Fairfield County Correctional Facility and Central High School. The neighborhood was referred to as Little Italy after its large population of Italian immigrants in the early-mid 20th century. Now, the area also has a significant Portuguese population.

</doc>
<doc id="20789360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789360" title="Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea">
Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea

"Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea" is a juvenile adventure novel written by L. Frank Baum, famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. The book was Baum's first effort at writing specifically for an audience of adolescent boys, a market he would pursue in the coming years of his career. The novel was first published in 1906, under the pen name "Capt. Hugh Fitzgerald," one of Baum's multiple pseudonyms.
Audiences and markets.
In the years around the turn of the twentieth century (1897–1905), Baum had succeeded in establishing himself as a popular author of children's books, most notably with "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" (1900). By the middle of the twentieth century's first decade, he was working diligently to branch out into other markets. In 1905 he released his first adult novel, "The Fate of a Crown" (as the work of "Schuyler Staunton"); in 1906 he issued his first books for adolescent girls, "Annabel" (as by "Suzanne Metcalf") and "Aunt Jane's Nieces" (by "Edith Van Dyne"), as well as his first book for boys. The 1906 "Sam Steele" title was the first book in a projected series; "Capt. Fitzgerald" followed up with "Sam Steele's Adventures in Panama" in 1907.
The story.
Unusually for Baum, the tale of "Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea" is told in the first person, by the title character. Sam Steele is the son of a sea captain; his father is reported killed in a shipwreck, and Sam is quickly cheated of his inheritance. Now an orphan, he meets his maternal uncle, Naboth Perkins, another sea captain and ship-owner; together the two set sail in the Pacific trade. Sam Steele "is a stereotyped ideal: a capable, brave, enterprising, likable, manly sixteen-year-old American."
From San Francisco, Sam and his uncle embark on Naboth's ship the "Flipper", carrying provisions north for the miners of the Alaska Gold Rush. A storm casts them onto a remote island, occupied by stranded and desperate miners who have struck a rich goldfield. The crew of the "Flipper" have to cope with thieves and the hazards of nature before they can return with ample rewards for their trouble.
At home again, Sam and Naboth discover that Sam's father Captain Steele has survived shipwreck (with the loss of a leg). Re-united with his father, Sam regains his lost patrimony.
Baum's plot was influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson's "Treasure Island" and by H. Rider Haggard's "She". In turn, Baum borrowed elements from his first Sam Steele book when he came to write "The Sea Fairies" five years later. He turned his character Naboth Perkins into Cap'n Bill in the later book.
The bias question.
As with other traditional authors and their books (Mark Twain's "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" being probably the most famous example), the role of racism and other prejudices in Baum's books has been a focus of attention from critics and readers. Baum repeatedly displays a resistance to, and rejection of, prejudice and xenophobia in his works — but he also exploits the stereotypes common in his era, usually for comic effect. (See: "Sky Island"; "Daughters of Destiny"; ""; "Father Goose's Year Book".)
Material in the first "Sam Steele" book bears upon this subject. Two key supporting characters are men from the Sulu Archipelago nicknamed "Nux" and "Bryonia;" the gruffer characters in the book refer to them as "niggers." The two become friends and companions of Sam Steele, and are presented as unflinchingly loyal, reliable, courageous, caring, strong, and resourceful. After one crisis in their adventures, Sam remarks, "I realized, with a grateful heart, that I owed all my good fortune and narrow escapes to the faithful Sulu men...;" Uncle Naboth expresses his satisfaction that the two men accompany Sam, for "Those men are as faithful and honest as any men on earth..."
Later editions.
The two "Sam Steele" books of 1906 and 1907 did not sell as well as their author and publisher had hoped they would. Reilly & Britton did not give up on the project, however; they re-issued both books with new titles in 1908, under yet another pen name, "Floyd Akers." (A possible derivation: "F. Akers" from "fakers.") The first book, "Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea", was re-titled "The Boy Fortune Hunters in Alaska" (though there is only one boy fortune hunter in it); its sequel was re-titled "The Boy Fortune Hunters in Panama". Baum wrote a third volume in the series, "The Boy Fortune Hunters in Egypt", also published in 1908; he added three more titles to the series in the next three years, with more boys, and of course more fortune hunting.
"Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea" was reprinted in the first issue of the annual "Oz-story Magazine" in 1995. There, Howard Heath's original illustrations were replaced with pictures culled from the large output of veteran Baum illustrator John R. Neill.

</doc>
<doc id="20789370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789370" title="St. Catherine's Priory, Ribe">
St. Catherine's Priory, Ribe

St. Catherine's Priory, Ribe, was an important early Dominican friary, located in Ribe, Denmark. The buildings still stand, although there is no monastic community there; known as Ribe Kloster, it is Denmark's most complete extant monastic building complex.
History.
The Dominican priory in Ribe, dedicated to Saint Catherine of Siena, was founded in 1228 by Dominican friars on property given to them by Tuve, Bishop of Ribe, only the second such foundation in Denmark. The church, dedicated to Saint Catherine, was built in Romanesque style with a simple nave and chancel of brick. They also built an attached conventual building.
By 1246 the priory was substantial enough for the provincial meeting of the order to be held there. As Ribe became Denmark's largest and most prosperous town, the priory was reconstructed and expanded in the early 14th century with a larger towerless church and a quadrangular set of buildings providing the friars with privacy from the rest of the community. The new construction was in the Gothic style. A large cellar was built beneath the south range.
In the late 14th century the priory was sacked along with rest of Ribe: a papal letter enjoined the community and monks to reconstruct it.
The Dominicans were primarily missionaries who vowed to be chaste, obedient, and poor, and were established in towns where they or their representatives could go out and beg their daily bread from local residents. Their rule forbade them to own anything individually, but over the years individuals and families gave income-producing properties to support the community. The Dominicans also accepted gifts for the privilege of burying family members inside the priory church. 
Construction continued through the 15th century as the church was expanded to three aisles and the ranges lengthened to their present size. Then fire ravaged part of the buildings and reconstruction was encouraged by the pope himself. Christian I gave a substantial amount of money to the priory in 1480. A covered cloister was built, and several outbuildings were constructed nearby.
Dissolution.
By the late 1520s many Danes wanted an end to the many tithes, fees, rents, forced work, and endless requests for food, clothing, and money by the Catholic Church. Their anger was first vented on what they nicknamed the "beggar monks" (), the Franciscan and Dominican friars. In Ribe the Franciscans were ejected first, then the Dominicans were expelled from the priory; some become laymen and remained in Denmark, while others left the country for Dominican houses in central Europe.
Denmark became a Lutheran state in 1536 in the Reformation. All religious houses and their income properties reverted to the crown. The priory church was converted for use as Ribe's second parish church, which it remains, still called St. Catherine's. The other monastic and religious communities in Ribe were all closed.
The Dominican priory was converted for use as the city hospital in 1543 by order of Christian III for the care of the sick, poor and weak, and remained so for many years. In about 1600 part of the former conventual buildings was turned into the cathedral school. In the 18th century the eastern range began to fall down and was demolished. Part of the hospital was used as a lunatic asylum until 1860. 
By 1825 the buildings were in need of serious repair and an extensive restoration was conducted to preserve them. In 1865 the entire hospital was converted into apartments for the elderly poor. In 1918 the entire complex was restored once again to what architects believed was the original appearance. The church restoration to its Gothic origins was finally complete and a tower added for the first time.
The buildings, known as "Ribe Kloster", situated in a park, remain a prominent feature of central Ribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20789377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789377" title="Two Men in Manhattan">
Two Men in Manhattan

Two Men in Manhattan () is a 1959 French crime film directed by Jean-Pierre Melville. The film stars Melville (who also wrote the screenplay) and Pierre Grasset as two French journalists who become embroiled in a criminal plot in New York City involving a disappeared United Nations diplomat. 
Though Melville occasionally played bit parts in films by other directors (most notably as Parvulesco in Jean-Luc Godard's "Breathless"), "Two Men in Manhattan" was his only starring role and the only time he acted in one of his own films (he served as the off-screen narrator in "Bob le Flambeur").

</doc>
<doc id="20789389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789389" title="Malaysia Hockey League">
Malaysia Hockey League

The Malaysia Hockey League (MHL) is a top league competition for field hockey clubs in the Malaysian hockey league system. There are, at present, seven teams in the Malaysia Hockey League. The competition has been played since 1987. At present also it is sponsored by Tenaga Nasional Berhad.
Teams.
The following teams is participating in 2013 MHL.
History.
Origin.
The tournament was initiated to revive interest in the sport which was losing spectator interest to football in recent times. Hockey is one of Malaysia's major sports. The field hockey in Malaysia as been a main sport to choose when play at high level.
One of the main reasons for the waning popularity of the existing domestic competition was the rise of corporate teams such as Ernst & Young, Tenaga Nasional Berhad and Maybank which do not have a steady fan following. Malaysia Hockey League is trying to change that by bringing in regional flavor. It fields teams from traditional hockey bastions such as Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Malacca, Negeri Sembilan, Perak, other areas, as well as from other places where it has got some fan following.
Founding.
The competition was first played in 2000 involving 11 teams. Initiated by Malaysian Hockey Federation (MHF) with active support from sports channel ESPN Malaysia. First season had two tiers division 1 and division 2 but from 2007 season onwards division 2 was scrapped. Except team winning 2006 division 2 championship rest all teams in division 2 were scrapped.
Competition.
New format.
The new Malaysia Hockey League (MHL) will see 10 teams vying for glory in the top division. Last year, only six teams competed in Division One and Division Two had nine teams. Under the new format, the elite teams will compete in the Premier Division while the rest will vie for a place in Division One. These two divisions are for the Open category.
Division Two and Division Three will be for the Under-19 age groups and will comprise teams from last year’s Malaysia Junior Hockey League (MJHL). Last year’s top five Malaysia Hockey League teams — Ernst & Young HC, Sapura HC, Maybank HC, Tenaga Nasional Berhad HC and Nur Insafi HC — will be joined by Jurutera Jentera Letrik HC (JLJ) in the Premier Division.
The competitions committee will select another four teams, based on their strength, for the Premier Division. There are plans to enter the National Juniors (the 2013 Project Team) in the Premier Division. But a decision will be made once the format is approved by the Malaysian Hockey Federation's management committee.
The Division Two champions will have the right to gain promotion to Division One or they can choose to remain in the Under-19 category. The bottom two teams from the Premier Division]will be demoted while the top two from Division One will go up the following year. Division Two and Division Three will kick off in February 2009 while Division One is slated to start in May 2009. The Premier Division will run from October to December 2009.
Malaysia Junior Hockey League return.
After 10 months of merging the Malaysia Junior Hockey League (MJHL) with the senior Malaysia Hockey League (MHL), the Malaysian Hockey Fe­­de­ration (MHF) have decided to separate them. The Malaysia Junior Hockey League thus return on the Malaysia Hockey Federation calendar next year, 2010 with the starting date set for March 25. It will remain an Under-19 tournament.
Players.
A team shall consist of maximum of 18 (eighteen) players to be registered with Malaysia Hockey Federation. 
Out of the above 18, maximum of 3 players can be of foreign origin. At any given point of time minimum 2 players of foreign origin shall be within the field of play during the course of a game. All 18 players in a team have to be registered with the MHF and need to submit their identity cards before the start of the league qualifying for playing in a team. All Malaysian players currently employed have to be taken on lien for the duration of the league and then be registered with Malaysia Hockey Federation. All the foreign players must obtain International Transfer Certificates from their respective countries and or clubs before signing up with the team in Malaysia Hockey League and Malaysia Hockey Federation.
Import players.
There are a number of players from countries other than Malaysia, who have been contracted to play in the league.
Champions.
League.
Below are the winners of Malaysia Hockey League.
Cup.
The overall cup is also known as TNB-MHL Cup and President's Cup 
Sponsor.
The Malaysia Hockey League become the popular league in the Asia because the Malaysia Hockey League as been sponsoring by the many group of the big company:
Prize Money.
Malaysia Hockey League gave the champions of the league with the MYR9,000,000 and also receive the longest league trophy since 1987 it made. So, the champions is become the hold of the league of sport field hockey in the country name Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="20789412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789412" title="Sustainable seafood advisory lists and certification">
Sustainable seafood advisory lists and certification

Sustainable seafood advisory lists and certification are programs aimed at increasing consumer awareness of the environmental impact and sustainability of their seafood purchasing choices. 
California-based Seafood Watch and Marine Conservation Society's "fishonline" are some of the best known guides. One of the best known certification programs is Marine Stewardship Council's scheme for consumer seafood products.
Other programs include regional guides, such as that produced by the Australian Marine Conservation Society (AMCS). In Canada, SeaChoice produces assessments and recommendations using the traffic light system, while recommendation of restaurants is done by Vancouver Aquarium's Ocean Wise.

</doc>
<doc id="20789415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789415" title="Nick Daws">
Nick Daws

Nicholas "Nick" Daws (born 15 March 1970) is an English former professional footballer and development coach of Football Championship side Queens Park Rangers.
As a player he was a midfielder from 1986 until 2005 notably in the Football League for Bury, Rotherham United and Grimsby Town. Since retiring he has been a member of the coaching staff at Rotherham United and Barnsley before joining QPR in 2011.
Playing career.
Altrincham.
Nick Daws is arguably one of the more successful players to come from Altrincham, having made the transition from Non-League football to carve out a successful career in the Football League. He joined Altrincham from Flixton in October 1987, as a 17-year-old and impressed the management with his performances in the reserves. These performances meant that he made his first-team debut in the Cheshire Senior Cup semi-final defeat against Runcorn,which ended in a 1–4 defeat. Nicky ended his first season by scoring his first goal for the club in the last game of the season. Over the next two seasons he worked at establishing himself in the first team. For Altrincham he was ever-present during the 1990–91 season when Altrincham came so close to regaining the Conference National title.
Bury.
In August 1992, Daws joined the professional ranks with a move to Bury Initially playing as a part-time professional he enjoyed a successful first season which included a man of the match performance against Manchester United in the English League Cup at Old Trafford. The season ended in disappointment, when ankle surgery forced him to miss the Play-off semi-final defeat to York City. Following an injury effected 93/94 campaign, Daws signed a full-time contract with the Shakers and became an integral part of the clubs rise to the 2nd flight of English football. As one of the sides most consistent performers, the 1994–95 season ended with Play-off Final defeat to Chesterfield at Wembley Stadium. However success was to follow over the following two seasons with consecutive promotions that included a Division 2 Champions Medal and promotion to the 1st Division. Despite being one of the leagues minnows, Bury sustained their status for the next two years and it was during this time that Daws enhanced his reputation as an all action midfielder. Following relegation to Division 2, Daws was appointed Captain, but due to financial problems at Bury, they struggled to maintain a promotion challenge. On 26 February 2000 and following 223 consecutive appearances suspension ended Daws' run which encompassed two promotions over 4 and a half years. The 2000–01 season proved to the last of his 9 years at Gigg Lane and in July, a move to the newly promoted Rotherham United gave Nick the chance to return to the Championship, signing a 3-year contract.
Rotherham United.
Daws signed for The Millers on a free transfer at the start of the 2001–02 campaign and slotted straight into his usual position, playing under his new manager Ronnie Moore. Daws wast to remain at United for the next four seasons for the club, and just over 70 league appearances in his three seasons with United, scoring twice. In September 2003 and January 2004, Daws was loaned out to Grimsby Town where he made a total of 18 appearances combining both spells. Daws returned from Blundell Park at the end of the 2003–04 season, but failed to save Grimsby from relegation. He remained with Rotherham for the 2004–05 season, but failed to make a single appearance. He would eventually retire in the summer of 2005, his final professional game was a 3–0 away defeat against Wrexham on 6 March 2004 whilst playing for Grimsby.
Coaching career.
Following his retirement from playing in 2005, Daws joined the coaching staff at Rotherham United. Having graduated from Manchester Metropolitan University with a BSc in Sport Science, he became Fitness Coach under Ronnie Moore, remaining in the same position under Mick Harford. The 2005–06 season saw him complete the prestigious FA Fitness Trainers Award. Following the appointment of Alan Knill, Daws became First Team Coach and remained at the club following Knill's departure to assist Mark Robins. Having gained his UEFA A Licence and following 2 successful campaigns, Daws joined Barnsley in the same role, when Rotherham manager Mark Robins was appointed the same position at Oakwell. In accordance to this happening, Robins took his entire coaching staff including Daws, to his new club and following two successful seasons in the Championship during which he completed the prestigious UEFA Pro Licence, Daws left Oakwell following the resignation of Mark Robins. 
Following the 2011–12 season in which he scouted for a number of clubs in the Football League, Daws started the 2012–13 season in a new role as Professional Development Coach at Queens Park Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="20789440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789440" title="Aaron Scheffer">
Aaron Scheffer

Aaron Scheffer (born August 15, 1975 in Ypsilanti, Michigan) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners (). He also played in the Florida Marlins and Oakland Athletics organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="20789446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789446" title="Whiskey Dick Mountain">
Whiskey Dick Mountain

Whiskey Dick Mountain is located east of Ellensburg, in Washington state. It is in the, , Whiskey Dick Unit of the L.T. Murray Wildlife Area. It is the highest point on Windy Ridge and the site of the Wild Horse Wind and Solar Facility. The farm, with 149 wind turbines, is owned by Puget Sound Energy.
Access to land owned or leased by the power company is open to the public for recreational use by permit only. The area, characterized by sagebrush steppe and rocky outcroppings, provides opportunities for hiking and hunting.

</doc>
<doc id="20789476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789476" title="Jenny Owens">
Jenny Owens

Jenny Owens (born 17 May 1978), from Sydney, Australia is an Australian freestyle skier currently living in Freshwater, New South Wales. 
Owens competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Alpine, the 2010 Winter Olympics in Freestyle, 2 x FIS Alpine World Ski Championships, 6 years on the FIS Alpine Ski World Cup tour, 8 years on FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cups, 2 x FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships and has competed in 4 Winter X Games winning the Bronze medal in the SkierX in 2012. Owens has been a member of the Australian Ski Cross Team for 8 years and previously was a member of the Australian Alpine Team for 7 years.
Skiing career.
Owens made her Alpine World Cup debut in St Moritz Switzerland on 17 December 1999 at age 21. She also collected her first World Cup points (top-30 finish in a race) at this event.
Owens struggled to make the top-30 consistently and did not score any more World Cup points until 21 December 2001 back in St Moritz. Owens best placing on the World Cup Alpine tour was 17th in Saalbach-Hinterglemm Austria.
Owens competed in alpine skiing for 14 years, skiing in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City (Australia at the Winter Olympics) and in two world Championships, St Anton 2001 and St Moritz 2003. She retired from Alpine racing in January 2004. In June 2005, Owens decided to make a come back and compete in the new Olympic event (for Vancouver 2010) called Ski Cross. 
Owens has reached the podium a number of time throughout her Ski Cross career but had several injuries previous to the Vancouver Olympics and underwent two knee surgeries, one 4 months and the other 4 weeks before the Games. Owens placed 13th in the Vancouver 2010 Olympics Winter Games. She underwent her fourth knee surgery (second ACL reconstruction) right after the Olympics in March 2010.
Owens was back on the Ski Cross tour in 2011 collecting a bronze medal at the 2010–11 FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup in Canada and also place 5th at the FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships 2011 in Deer Valley USA. And recently, in 2012 collected Bronze at the Winter X Games. 
Owens has decided to continue for another Olympics ( 2014 Winter Olympics ) in Sochi, Russia due to her great come back. This will be her third Olympics.
World Cup.
Owens has had two silver and two bronze medals on the Freestyle World Cup tour to date in her career.
Owens has been one of the top ranked Ski Cross athletes since her debut in 2005. In 2009–2010 she had numerous injuries and missed eight of the scheduled world cups and nearly the Vancouver 2010.
Owens competed on the Alpine World Cup for 6 years, placing in the top 30 several times in the Combined and Downhill events.

</doc>
<doc id="20789493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789493" title="Marlene Behrmann">
Marlene Behrmann

Marlene Behrmann (born April 14, 1959) is a Professor of Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University. She specializes in the cognitive neuroscience of visual perception, with a specific focus on object recognition. The major approach she uses in her research is to study the behavior of human adults who have sustained brain damage (usually through stroke or head injury), which selectively affects their ability to carry out these processes. Behrmann also conducts rehabilitation studies with brain damaged subjects in order to treat the observed deficits, which also sheds light on the mechanisms underlying visual cognition. She received a B.A. in speech and hearing therapy from the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa in 1981; an M.A. in speech pathology from the University of Witwatersrand in 1984, and a Ph.D. in Psychology from the University of Toronto in 1991. From 1991-1993, Behrmann worked in the Departments of Psychology and Medicine of the University of Toronto, and in 1993, she accepted a position as a faculty member in the Department of Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University, where she has remained since. She has also held an adjunct professorship in the Departments of Neuroscience and Communication Disorders at the University of Pittsburgh since 1994, and she has served as a Visiting Professor at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel in 2000-2001 and the University of Toronto in 2006-2007. Behrmann is a member of the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition at CMU.

</doc>
<doc id="20789512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789512" title="Johann Andreas Kneucker">
Johann Andreas Kneucker

Johann Andreas Kneucker (1862 - 1946) was a German botanical collector who was a native of Wenkheim, a village that today is part of the community of Werbach, Baden-Württemberg.
Until 1923 he was a schoolteacher in Karlsruhe, afterwards working as curator of the natural history collection in Baden. During his career he collected plants in southern Europe and northern Africa (Sinai Peninsula).
Kneucker specialized in the botanical family Cyperaceae (sedges). He created several exsiccatae collections, and a number of his specimens are now kept in the herbarium at the "Staatliches Museum für Naturkunde" in Karlsruhe. He was founder of the botanical magazine- "Allgemeinen Botanischen Zeitschrift".
In 1905 the algae genus "Kneuckeria" was named in his honor by Wilhelm Schmidle (1860–1951); the plant species "Linaria kneuckeri" (Bornm.) is also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20789514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789514" title="Jamie Murch">
Jamie Murch

Jamie Murch (born 8 August 1975) was an Australian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Melbourne.
Murch made a single appearance for the team, during the C&G Trophy in August 2003. From the middle order, he scored 24 runs with the bat, and took figures of 0-67 with the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20789609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789609" title="List of Oricon number-one albums of 2002">
List of Oricon number-one albums of 2002

These are the "Oricon" number one albums of 2002, per the Oricon Weekly Album Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20789617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789617" title="Revol Porcelaine">
Revol Porcelaine

Revol Porcelaine S.A. was founded in 1789 by brothers Joseph-Marie and François Revol in France's Rhone Valley, where they discovered a deposit of white kaolin. They established a factory in Ponsas and began manufacturing a hard-wearing white stoneware, later establishing operations in Saint-Uze. Revol later developed a porcelain body that forms the basis for Revol ceramic products, called "culinary porcelain" ("la porcelaine culinaire") by the company. 
Present-day.
Revol Porcelaine remains a family-run company after 11 generations, with Olivier Passot as the Managing Director. The company is headquartered in Saint-Uze, France, where it employs 185 people and maintains 16,500 sq. m. of factory space. The facility produces 4 million units a year, exporting to 70 different countries.
Revol porcelain for the hotel and restaurant industry is distributed in the United States by Villeroy & Boch.

</doc>
<doc id="20789623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789623" title="Kang Seung-Jo">
Kang Seung-Jo

Kang Seung-Jo (; born January 20, 1986) is a South Korea football player who plays for FC Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="20789635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789635" title="Kasseler">
Kasseler

Kasseler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20789641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789641" title="Änglagård – andra sommaren">
Änglagård – andra sommaren

Änglagård – andra sommaren (English title: "House Of Angels - The Second Summer") is a 1994 Swedish drama by Colin Nutley starring Helena Bergström, Rikard Wolff, Ron Dean, and Ernst Günther. It is the second Swedish drama film about the mansion Änglagård (Angel Farm) located in a small isolated hamlet in Västergötland, Sweden. The film premiered on 25 December 1994. In both the films "Änglagård" and "Änglagård - andra sommaren" Sven Wollter (Axel Flogfält) and Viveka Seldahl (Rut Flogfält) acting as a married couple which they also was in real life from 1971 until Seldahl died 2001. They have also acted as married couple in the 2001 Swedish film "En sång för Martin".
Plot.
The film starts one year after Fanny Zander and Zac have returned to the village to find that the mansion Änglagård (Angel Farm) has accidentally burnt to the ground. Fanny and Zac find themselves staying with the brothers Gottfrid and Ivar Pettersson.
The small town mentality intrigues and conflicts continue in the hamlet. The richest man in the village, Axel Flogfält, has promised to rebuild the mansion, but he is also interested in buying the mansion from Fanny. Axel's wife, Rut, has a relationship with the village priest, Henning. Her son, Mårten Flogfält, is increasingly interested in Fanny, and tries by all means to seduce her. Mårten still does not know the truth about the identity of Fanny's father.
It also emerges that Gottfrid and Ivar have a nearly forgotten brother, Sven, who emigrated to the USA when he was young. Fanny and Zac convince the brothers that they all shall go and visit their brother.
Production.
The film was filmed in Kölingared, Lönnarp and Ulricehamn in Sweden, and in New York City in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20789644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789644" title="John Renton">
John Renton

John J. Renton (born c. 1933) is a professor of geology at West Virginia University, known for the quality of the teaching in his introductory geology courses and in the video version of the course, Nature of Earth. In 2002, he was named an Eberly Family Professor for Distinguished Teaching, one of only four at the University.
Education.
Renton earned a B.S. from Waynesburg College in 1956, and his M.S. and Ph.D. from West Virginia University in 1959 and 1963 respectively.
Academic career.
He has taught at the university since 1965. His research specializations are coal geology and geochemistry.
Nature of Earth.
Renton has created a 36 part lecture series on DVD called Nature of Earth. Bill Gates has this program as example of the sorts of educational innovation that the Gates Foundation intends to support, calling the course "phenomenal".

</doc>
<doc id="20789682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789682" title="Courts of Alabama">
Courts of Alabama

Courts of Alabama include:
<onlyinclude>
Federal courts located in Alabama
Former federal courts of Alabama

</doc>
<doc id="20789683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789683" title="Lee Bum-Young">
Lee Bum-Young

Lee Bum-Young (born 2 April 1989) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Busan IPark in the K League Classic.
International career.
In the 2012 London Olympics, Lee played a crucial role in South Korea's quarterfinal victory over Great Britain. After entering the match as a late substitute for injured first-choice goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong, he saved Great Britain's fifth kick from Daniel Sturridge in the penalty shootout. Korea scored its fifth and deciding kick and won the shootout 5-4, progressing to the semifinals of the Olympic tournament for the first time in its history.

</doc>
<doc id="20789690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789690" title="WOW Gospel 2001">
WOW Gospel 2001

WOW Gospel 2001 is a gospel music compilation album in the WOW series. Released February 6, 2001, it comprises thirty-two songs on a double disc set. The album reached 75 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2001, and hit number one in both 2001 and 2002 on the Top Gospel Albums chart.
In 2002 the album was certified as platinum in the US by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

</doc>
<doc id="20789696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789696" title="Dinesh Kumar Mishra">
Dinesh Kumar Mishra

Dinesh Kumar Mishra(born 1948) is convenor of Barh Mukti Abhiyan, an NGO which is mounting a grassroots movement that challenges the current, top-heavy flood control policy in India. According to Dinesh Kumar Mishra dams and embankments, based on past experience, are not reliable and so control of rivers should be given back to the community, which can manage and cope with flood. Dinesh Kumar Mishra has graduated as civil engineer from IIT Kharagpur in 1968. In 1970, he completed M.Tech. from the same institute and later in 2006 completed his Ph.D. from South Gujarat University. Dinesh Kumar Mishra is also director of Maryland Institute of Technology and Management,Galudih, Jamshedpur.

</doc>
<doc id="20789701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789701" title="Tord Lundström">
Tord Lundström

Tord Göte Lundstrom (born March 4, 1945) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player and coach. Lundström won the Swedish Championship nine times playing for Brynäs IF, he also played for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).

</doc>
<doc id="20789710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789710" title="KCUP">
KCUP

KCUP (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Toledo, Oregon, USA, the station is currently owned by Agpal Broadcasting Inc and features programing from Fox News Radio.
History.
The station was originally assigned the call letters KTDO. On 1992-02-10 the station changed its call sign to KZUS. On 1997-10-10, the station changed its call sign to KPPT, and on 2005-02-09 to the current KCUP.

</doc>
<doc id="20789716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789716" title="Chung Yoo-Suk">
Chung Yoo-Suk

Chung Yoo-Suk (; born 25 October 1977) is a South Korea footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for Busan I'Park, Gwangju Sangmu (military service), National League side Gangneung City and Ulsan Hyundai.

</doc>
<doc id="20789718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789718" title="He Luting">
He Luting

He Lüting (traditional: 賀綠汀; simplified: 贺绿汀; pinyin: Hè Lǜtīng; July 20, 1903 – April 27, 1999) was a Chinese composer of the early 20th century. He composed songs for Chinese films beginning in the 1930s, some of which remain popular.[http://books.google.com/books?id=uduUSGj0n9gC&pg=PA331&lpg=PA331&dq=%22ren+guang%22+%22he+luting%22&source=bl&ots=Wwqzht-vYQ&sig=gR4G4h1rkrodDM6bsNrFyuQTP2I&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=4&ct=result]
At the Shanghai Conservatory of Music, he won a contest in 1934, which was sponsored and judged by the Russian composer Alexander Tcherepnin, for his composition "Buffalo Boy's Flute" (牧童短笛).[http://books.google.com/books?id=PxzNLwDPP0EC&pg=PA125&lpg=PA125&dq=%22He+L%C3%BCting%22+composer&source=web&ots=N1PH51tN1Q&sig=pVRH_CXeUzmRFQOQTnnVjNtZkYM&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=7&ct=result#PPA125,M1]
His best-known compositions are "Song of the Four Seasons" (四季歌) and "The Wandering Songstress" (天涯歌女, with lyrics by Tian Han), both composed for the 1937 film "Street Angel" and sung by Zhou Xuan.[http://mediadiary.livejournal.com/tag/film-sound] He also wrote the music for the patriotic song "Guerrillas' Song."
In September 1949 he was appointed director of the Shanghai Conservatory of Music. In late 1965, Jiang Qing, Mao's fourth wife, incited the anti-Western crusade of the Cultural Revolution, and a wave of terror engulfed every sector of society. In the spirit of proletarian solidarity, "bourgeois" artists were subject to vicious public humiliation, and some chose suicide as a way out. An astonishing incident took place on Chinese television. He Lüting, who had drawn fire from a proletarian-minded critic for defending the music of Claude Debussy, was subjected to a physically abusive interrogation but refused to apologize. "Your accusations are false!" he shouted. "Shame on you for lying!" Alex Ross stated that no composer had ever made a braver stand against totalitarianism.
In 1984 he retired from his position, retaining the title of honorary director. The main concert hall at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music is named after He Lüting.[http://www.cityweekend.com.cn/shanghai/listings/film-and-stage/theater/has/he-luting-concert-hall/][http://www.dewdrop-world.net/albums/China2008/China2008-Pages/Image30.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20789724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789724" title="Lori L. Holt">
Lori L. Holt

Lori L. Holt is a Professor of Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University. She specializes in speech perception, focusing on how general perceptual and cognitive mechanisms contribute to speech perception and how speech can be used to broadly understand auditory cognition. In pursuit of these research areas, she employs human perceptual and learning paradigms as well as animal behavioral experiments and computational models. Holt received a B.S. in psychology from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1995 and a Ph.D. in cognitive psychology with a minor in neurophysiology from UW–Madison in 1999, and she has been employed at Carnegie Mellon University and has been a member of the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition ever since. Holt is the director of the Speech Perception & Learning Laboratory at Carnegie Mellon University. She was one of two recipients of the Troland Research Awards in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20789735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789735" title="1984 Cotton Bowl Classic">
1984 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 1984 Cotton Bowl Classic featured the Georgia Bulldogs of the SEC against the undefeated, number two Texas Longhorns of the SWC.
Georgia first score came on a 43-yard field goal by Kevin Butler in the closing seconds of the first quarter.
Texas led 9-3 with more than four minutes to play . Texas kicker Jeff Ward scored first with a 22-yard field goal on the 'Horns' first possession and added six more points with two more field goals of 40 and 27 yards in the third quarter. A Chip Andrews (Georgia) muffed punt by Texas defensive back Craig Curry late in the fourth quarter allowed Georgia quarterback John Lastinger to run 17 yards for a touchdown with 3:22 left to play to capture a 10-9 victory. The loss was the first for the Longhorns, costing them a possible national title.
Aftermath.
Later that evening, top-ranked Nebraska was upset by number five Miami Hurricanes, 31-30, in the Orange Bowl. Miami moved past Nebraska and the Longhorns to secure their first National Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20789751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789751" title="KLOO (AM)">
KLOO (AM)

KLOO (1340 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Corvallis, Oregon, USA, the station is currently owned by Bicoastal Media Licenses V, LLC and features programing from ABC Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="20789762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789762" title="Marine Corps Test Unit">
Marine Corps Test Unit

The Marine Corps Test Unit 1, or "MCTU #1", was an experimental testing unit of the United States Marine Corps. It was established outside the Fleet Marine Force for the development of specialized tactics, techniques and organizational concepts, and to evaluate its tangible employment in the nuclear age. It reported directly to the Commandant of the Marine Corps.
Mission.
Mission objectives for Marine Corps Test Unit #1 as directed by Commandant of the Marine Corps:
History.
The two atomic bombs that were dropped on Japan to end World War II demonstrated the threat of nuclear warfare. In December 1946, Marine Corps instructor Colonel Robert E. Cushman, Jr. wrote an extensive staff report to then-Marine Commandant Alexander Vandegrift about feasible massive amphibious landings over small areas subject to potential tactical nuclear weapons. He envisioned that the Marine Corps could no longer imagine small-scale operations, recommending the planning for greater mobility and dispersion, and focus entirely on operating more inland from the sea:
It was not until 1951, after the Korean War had commenced, that the Marine Corps began to develop heliborne experience in the battlefield when they used helicopters to rapidly transport companies and battalions into the combat zone. However the Marine Corps didn't have enough helicopters nor the individual helicopter lift capability at that time to employ the tactics needed to implement Colonel Cushman's concept of dispersion.
Marine Commandant Lemuel Shepherd's staff realized the Marine Corps was in need of a test unit outside the operationally committed Fleet Marine Force to develop special tactics, techniques and organizational concepts for the nuclear age; however, it had to remain under operational control of the Commandant of the Marine Corps. On 1 July 1955, Commandant Shepherd approved his staff's recommendation and activated Marine Corps Test Unit #1, near Basilone Road at Camp Horno on MCB Camp Pendleton.
Deactivation of MCTU #1.
The commandant acted upon that MCTU #1 would case its colors and integrate its research and development, merging their roles into the amphibious reconnaissance companies. Major Bruce F. Meyers relieved Captain Michael Sparks as the commanding officer of 1st Amphibious Reconnaissance Company on 18 June 1957. The next day, 1st Amphibious Reconnaissance Company received orders from the Fleet Marine Force, Pacific (FMFPac) and disbanded its colors. 1st Force Reconnaissance Company was activated on 19 June 1957 with Bruce F. Meyers as its first Commanding Officer. Captain Joseph Z. Taylor was his executive officer. Although the MCTU #1 no longer existed, Major Meyers continued to pursue more unique methods in insertion capabilities.
Organization.
General Shepherd appointed Colonel Edward N. Rydalch as the Test Unit's commanding officer and Lieutenant Colonel Regan Fuller as the executive officer over a command of 104 marine officers, 1,412 enlisted, 7 navy doctors and 51 hospital corpsmen, and one chaplain.
The MCTU #1 initially began as a regimental-sized unit with a headquarters and service company; one infantry battalion consisting of four companies; one 75mm anti-tank platoon; one 4.2-inch mortar platoon; one 75mm pack howitzer artillery battery. The Test Unit's Operations (S-3) officer was Major Dewey "Bob" Bohn.
The Infantry Battalion was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Stanley Nelson, with Major Willmar "Bill" Bledsoe as the executive officer. It was assigned to test the feasibility of conducting major 'helicopter' landing assaults projected from the sea. Similarly, amphib recon Marines tested the usage of submarines for coastal projection during World War II.
A Plans and Development (P&D) Section was formed on April 1955 to evaluate the trials and tests of the infantry battalion and other subordinated unit's experiments with MCTU #1. Major Bruce F. Meyers reported for duty and was initially was assigned as the assistant operations officer of the infantry battalion. He was subsequently redesignated as the Helicopter Assault Airborne Techniques Officer. 
By September 1955, the reconnaissance platoon, commanded by Captain Joseph Z. Taylor, was added to resolve the amphibious reconnaissance role in the Fleet Marine Force. It was also tasked to bring the past force-"level" preliminary amphib recon methods of World War II towards a modern approach that included parachute insertions and helicopter capabilities.
An air element of a medium helicopter squadron was augmented with three observation helicopters and an additional six Grumman F9F-2 Panthers to support MCTU #1 during its research and development. A Marine Air Wing element was attached along with administrative and logistic support at the request from nearby MCAS El Toro.
Around late May in 1957, MCTU #1 finalized all their reports summarizing the last two years of the heliborne assault exercises, nuclear weapons testing, and the recon platoon's parachute reconnaissance and pathfinding experiments into a sixty-page after-action report archived as "Test Project 6H". By early June, the recon platoon received the last remaining jumpers from MCTU #1 and were adjoined by several more recon marines from the 1st Marine Division Recon Company that became jump qualified.
On 18 June 1957, the reconnaissance platoon from the test unit was disbanded and reported to 1st Marine Division, FMF, then to its headquarters battalion to assume command of the 1st Amphibious Reconnaissance Company. Major Bruce F. Meyers relieved Captain Michael Spark, who was later killed in the Vietnam War and awarded the Navy Cross. The next day on 19 June 1957, the newly assembled 1st Amphibious Reconnaissance Company was dissolved, casing its colors for the establishment of 1st Force Reconnaissance Company, Fleet Marine Force.
Plans and Development Section.
In April 1955, Colonel Edward Rydalch created a separate Plans and Development Section in an effort to author staff studies for various tests by the subordinated units of marine corps Test Unit #1 and make evaluations and reports to the commandant on their progress. Colonel Rydalch assumed additional duties as the titular head of the P&D Section. He assigned Lieutenant Colonels Regan Fuller and Chuck Bailey as the executive officers and supervisors of the daily tests and evaluations that were to be generated by P&D. The section operated much like a subsidiary to Operations (G-3) but with nominal independence within MCTU #1. It was established in the newly constructed 'Butler Building', dubbed as the "War Room". The building was completely surrounded by barbed wire and had an armed guard on post.
A significant figure that revolutionized the modern scope of the marine corps reconnaissance doctrine was (then-) Captain Bruce F. Meyers. Prior to his assignment with the test unit, Meyers was a combat swimming instructor and also the officer-in-charge (OIC) of the Amphibious Reconnaissance School, NAB Coronado for 35 months. During his tenure as OIC, he began to develop innovative ideas of deeper parachute insertion methods from aircraft projected from aircraft carriers. He figured if the aircraft could slow down enough to land on carriers, then they could slow sufficiently for parachutists to exit and deploy their parachutes.
Meyers took this 'parachute entry' concept to Brigader General Lewis "Chesty" Puller, who requested that Meyers write a letter to the commandant, outlining the plans and thoughts on deeper reconnaissance and pathfinding. With Chesty Puller's endorsement, the commandant directed Meyers to attend parachutists' schools. Meyers spent two weeks on Temporary Additional Duty orders to the Naval Parachute Loft on NAS North Island, then was sent to Fort Benning for one year with the United States Army service schools to attend the US Army Infantry School, and the parachute and jumpmaster courses. Upon completion, he was directed to report to the Marine Corps Test Unit #1 to test his ideas of deep parachute entry in use with reconnaissance. Major Bruce F. Meyers reported to MCTU #1 in early April 1955 and was immediately assigned as the assistant operations officer.
By May 1955, Major Meyers was reassigned to the P&D as the "Reconnaissance/Pathfinder Project Officer", until his title was initially changed to "Helicopter Assault Airborne Techniques Officer" to reflect the test unit's heliborne capabilities within the infantry battalion; his duties remained the same despite the title change. After setting up the Standing Operating Procedure for Test Unit 1, Major Meyers and the Test Unit's executive officer, Lieutenant Colonel Fuller, prepared a detailed recommendation to their commanding officer, Colonel Rydalch, and to the commandant for approval of forming and training a reconnaissance platoon for MCTU #1.
Reconnaissance Platoon.
The Reconnaissance Platoon, Marine Corps Test Unit #1, of some twenty marines was established in September 1955 after the approval of the commandant, by the recommendation of the P&D Section and the commanding officer of MCTU #1. The Reconnaissance Platoon was the precursor to the Force Reconnaissance companies and was created to be employed exclusively in the training, testing, and exercises designed to validate reconnaissance theories and techniques of an all-helicopter assault. These were applied to the higher levels in the echelon in addition to use at the battalion or regimental landing team-"level". This recon platoon subsequently became the pivotal beginning of the existing deep recon assets that are maintained at Fleet Marine Force-"level". 
The test unit's executive officer, Lieutenant Colonel Fuller, personally requested Captain Joseph Z. Taylor, a reconnaissance company commander with 3rd Reconnaissance Battalion, to be the reconnaissance platoon commander. Taylor had served under Lietenant Colonel Fuller in 1950 when Fuller was the commanding officer of 2nd Amphibious Reconnaissance Battalion on MCB Camp Lejeune.
Taylor recently returned from reconnaissance exercise (RECONEX) 551 at Iwo Jima aboard the "USS Perch" (ASPP-313) with 3rd Recon Battalion. This allowed Taylor to bring fresh submarine and rubber raft experiences to the test unit's experimental reconnaissance platoon.
Lieutenant Colonel Regan Fuller tasked both Bruce Meyers and Joseph Taylor to seek innovative ways in finding practical aircraft, equipment, and methods to enhance and develop the emerging deep reconnaissance capability in the marine corps.
Subordinate training.
Infantry battalion.
Early 1955, the four-company infantry battalion trained in wooden mockups of Sikorsky helicopters in repetitive troop exercises, making the battalion fully capable of being helicopter transportable by following spring.
Exercise Desert Rock VI.
On March 22, 1955, the infantry battalion of MCTU #1 was temporary assigned to the 3rd Marine Corps Provisional Atomic Exercise Brigade, or 3rd MCPAEB, to participate in Exercise Desert Rock VI - codenamed "Operation TEAPOT". Operation TEAPOT was a series of tactical nuclear weapons tests with active nuclear warheads conducted by the United States Atomic Energy Commission at the Nevada Test Site. The battalion and its detached aviation elements were involved in Shot 'Bee'.
A nuclear weapon was detonated simultaneously as the infantry battalion maneuvered within away from ground zero, acting as an amphibious battalion landing force in the vicinity of a nuclear fallout. Close air support was used, targeting the helicopter Landing Zones ninety seconds before the marines were set down. While the marines were advancing, the mushroom cloud was still forming above. The battalion simulated their attacks through a buildup of mock trenches and facilities made to resemble an city. 
Exercise Desert Rock VI also concluded tests in the effects of the atomic blast on their equipment and marines on the ground. Equipment and mannequins were placed in different locations of varying distances from ground zero, all displayed in different degrees of protection. After the detonation and fallout cleared, the marines from the infantry battalion, Marine Corps Test Unit #1, were taken and shown the effects of their equipment and mannequins. The after-action report with the photographs that were taken before and after photographs revealed that their tanks had turrets blown off, amphibious tracked vehicles were turned upside-down, and the mannequins in the open were vaporized. However, the distance from ground zero and the additional level of protection proved noteworthy. The tactical exercise that they had successfully demonstrated gave the marine corps a survivability estimate and an appreciation for the atomic power of nuclear weapons.
Reconnaissance Platoon.
The Reconnaissance Platoon of Marine Corp Test Unit #1 conducted ground reconnaissance training to hone their skills, as well as basic and advanced amphibious recon training that was set up through the liaison at the Amphibious Reconnaissance School, Troop Training Unit, Pacific (TTUPac) on NAB Coronado. Another training liaison was established with the Commander of the Naval Air Force, US Pacific Fleet, or COMNAVAIRPAC, at NAS North Island in enrolling the recon platoon into the Navy's SERE School and the USAF's Escape and Evasion course; originally designed for pilots that faced the possibility of being shot over enemy territory. It became a reasonable conclusion that reconnaissance marines would be operating deep behind enemy lines and would require such training. After MCTU #1 had been dissolved, the 1st Force Reconnaissance Company continued to experiment in newer innovative means in projecting and recovering their recon Marine operators from behind enemy lines safely and efficiently.
In 1956 Free Fall parachuting was illegal in the United States Armed Forces.
Reserve captain Jacques-Andre Istel,USMCR who had led a civilian team to the 1956 World parachuting Championships in Moscow wrote to HQMC recommending the use of free fall parachuting for reconnaissance. The letter ultimately led to the "HALO" (high altitude low opening) project.
His company, Parachutes Incorporated, was awarded the contract to train the US Army in free fall parachuting at Fort Bragg in 1957. The USMC requested training in free fall. PI provided instructor Daryl Henry, also an architect. Istel later commanded VTU 1-1, the only Reserve Recon unit.
The MCTU #1 participated in major exercises with the first assembled Marine Air-Ground Task Force during Air-Ground Landing Exercise 57-I (AGLEX 57-I) in December 1957, and Operation SKI JUMP in January 1957. During Operation SKI JUMP, the reconnaissance platoon were to provide pre-D-Day reconnaissance, and later pathfinding, for the upcoming helicopter assault waves. Thirty days prior to the scheduled landing, or D-Day minus thirty (D-30), the reconnaissance platoon was divided into two separate reconnaissance teams and parachuted into two separated drop zones to reconnoiter the planned helicopter landing zones. A simulated nuclear weapon was to be detonated between the two helicopter landing zones at 0810 the same day, prior to the planned pathfinder drop and following after helicopter landings of a battalion of marines. The mock atomic bomb was made of barrels of napalm buried into the ground. The pathfinder teams were scheduled to parachute to their respective drop zones, DZ Yellow and DZ Red, at 0815.
Three parachutist Marines were killed during SKI JUMP on January 17 at Case Springs, a high plateau and wooded area on Camp Pendleton. Severe winds suddenly appeared while the parachutists were in their descent. Corporal Ben Simpson and PFC Matthew J. O'Neill Jr., were dragged over . They were found dead by Major Bruce Meyers, their skulls were crushed and helmets gone due to the drag. Lieutenant Kenneth Ball, the jumpmaster in the stick, was knocked unconscious and wasn't able to attempt the quick-release; he later died at the Camp Pendleton hospital from multiple intrusions. The marines in the reconnaissance platoon were using the standard military-issued T-10 parachutes. One of the findings were that the T-10 safety "quick-release" on the front of the harness made it quite impossible to detach in case of emergencies, even after frequent practice by the parachutists. Dirt and small rocks fouled the quick-releases while the harnesses were dragged at over the ground, making them ineffective. 
The Board of Investigations concluded that improvements to their parachutists and equipment were to be provided. Chief Warrant Officer Lewis "Lew" T. Vinson suggested that the Capewell canopy release be installed on all the Marines' parachutes, static-line or free-fall, to permit the jumper to get out of the harness if caught in a drag. Later, the Army Parachute Board came to the same conclusion at Fort Benning and Fort Bragg. Six army parachutists had been recently killed at Fort Bragg in the same manner as the unfortunate marines at Case Springs. Because of these deaths, it led to the recommendation and requirement of adopting the Capewell Release by all the services.
Parachutist and jumpmaster training.
Not until April 1956, the marines in the Recon Platoon were able to gain the necessary quotas to send the recon platoon leader, Captain Joe Taylor, and his twenty enlisted marines to the United States Army Airborne School at Fort Benning, Georgia. However, Bruce Meyers was the only marine within MCTU #1 that had parachutist experience and qualifications and recognized the perils of not being prepared for airborne school. Through their recommendation, Meyers and Taylor were able to construct its own 'pre-jump school' to prepare marines for the course; this prevented the loss of Marines that became unqualified due to the Test Unit's training quota.
Captain Taylor managed to get the services of Sergeant Robert Zweiner, a parachute rigger from an Air Delivery Platoon at the nearby airstrip on Camp Pendleton. Sgt. Zweiner led a grueling course, instructing the Marines in Parachute Landing Falls (PLFs), body positioning and positive exits from aircraft. All of them were able to pass the pull-up physicals and complete the long runs; by the time the Test Unit's recon Marines were sent to the actual school, they were well-prepared and everyone passed the course, each earning their silver wings and returning to MCTU #1. Robert Zweiner was quickly reassigned and transferred to MCTU #1 to head the test unit's newly formed Parachute Loft, becoming the founder of 1st Force Reconnaissance Company's Paraloft.
Although all the Marines assigned to the Test Unit's recon platoon were now low-level static line qualified, Major Bruce Meyers was still, however, the only Marine in MCTU #1 with free-fall experience. Meyers's next objective were to turn the majority of Marines in the recon platoon to become also free-fall qualified.
Once again, Meyers set up training with a training liaison to send a bulk of the platoon on temporary additional duty on 1 July 1956 to the Naval Parachute Unit (NPU) at Naval Auxiliary Air Station in El Centro, California. Under the instructions of a very highly qualified Navy jumpmaster, Chief Warrant Officer Lewis "Lew" T. Vinsen, introduced the art of free-falling to the recon platoon. Due to the free exchange and cross-training cooperation in these efforts, on one occasion, Air Force Captain Joseph Kittinger from Wright Patterson Test Center jumped several times with the Marines of Recon Platoon, Marine Corps Test Unit #1. Capt. Kittinger later made, and still holds, the world-record for the highest free-fall parachute jump from the gondola of a high-altitude balloon.
The recon Marines would jump on average two- to three-times daily testing various types of parachutes, which soon became apparent by both MCTU #1 and NPU that the Marine should also try to become 'navy test parachutists' due to the increased sophisticated and variant types of free-fall jumps the recon Marines were experimenting. By the next year, Major Bruce Meyers, Captain Joe Taylor, Sergeant Robert Zweiner and several others of the 'more-qualified' Marines parachutists within the test unit's recon platoon subsequently became qualified as "Naval Test Parachutists" after completing the twenty-two jump syllabus.
In the realization of the increasingly sophisticated parachute jumps, jumpmasters were assigned to oversee the overall conduct of the jumps performed. The most important aspect of this training was the jumpmaster's judgment, determining the exit points that would best get his Marines into the LZ, and to judge the winds appropriately both on the ground and aloft. Eventually, all the staff non-commissioned officers were jumpmaster qualified after five jumps as Assistant Jumpmasters.
Off-carrier tests.
One of the highest priorities considered for reconnaissance and pathfinder parachute insertions in the Marine Corps were to expand its capability in jumping from carrier-based aircraft. The jump logs for MCTU #1 and the first twenty months of 1st Force Recon has shown various types of parachutes and different carrier-based aircraft that had been experimented in finding alternative methods parachute entry, such as the Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcars, Douglas R4D-6 Skytrains, Lockheed P2V Neptunes, L-2 Beavers, AJ-2 Savages, F3D-2 Skyknights, TF-1 Trader and A-3 Skywarriors.
Beginning in May 1956, Major Bruce, Captain Taylor and Sergeant Zweiner headed to the Air Transport Squadron Five (VR-5) at NAS North Island and spent countless hours examining the Grumman TF-1 Trader. Originally, the TF-1 Trader was a carrier onboard delivery aircraft, whose primary mission was the consignment of personnel, mail, and critical parts for the naval carrier vessel itself. It was capable of launching off every size of naval carrier, even its smallest, in the United States Fleet. Detachments of VR-5 were dispersed worldwide everywhere US Naval carriers were sent. This proved the feasibility of the TF-1, assuring of it being potentially accessible almost virtually anywhere in the world.
The only difficulty was that the TF-1 Trader never in the past had foreseen its use in parachute deployment, modifications were made to the bombing bay chutes by mounting anchor-line cables to allow parachutists to hook up their static lines. After a thorough review of aerial and still photography, plus extra scrutiny of the aircraft, they attached dummies with the appropriate weight and gear and tested its use. Major Meyers, CWO Lew Vinson and two other NPU parachute engineers made the first live jumps from the TF-1 carrier aircraft on 9–13 July 1956. They began to test later jumps with the TF-1 by wearing additional combat gear, including weapons, packs and the AN/GRC9 radio.
The "first" "off-carrier" parachute jump test in naval aviation history was on July 26, 1956, when the Test Unit arranged a TF-1 Trader from VR-5 to depart the "USS Bennington (CVA-20)" and the Marines be recovered from sea. The Marines from Recon Platoon, MCTU #1, Major Bruce Meyers, 1stLt. Donald E. Koelper (later killed in combat as a Captain, receiving the first Navy Cross of the Marine Corps in the Vietnam War), and PFCs Kenneth Bell and Matthew O'Neill (later killed during the Test Unit's parachute training) made the jump. In August 1956, the recon platoon made its first parachute jump from a jet aircraft, the F3D-2 Skyknight.
The American broadcast journalist Walter Cronkite later filmed 2nd Force Recon in their off-carrier parachute jumps from the A3D Skywarrior in "The New Recon Marines" in 1962.
Pathfinder training.
The development of Marine Corps pathfinding in the Test Unit were first being tested in April 1953. The Marine Corps Test Unit #1's concept of pathfinder methods were; to develop techniques for undetected movement from their drop zones (DZ) to the preselected helicopter landing sites and approach-lane control points, coordination timing for pathfinder drops with atomic or other fire support, and methods for last-minute emplacement of visual and electronic terminal guidance aids.
After the Grumman TF-1 Trader was tested operationally for parachute entry in reconnaissance, the Recon Platoon assembled and trained as pathfinder teams; designed to parachute in, set up, and operate one helicopter landing zone consisting of one or more landing points for individual helicopters. Many of the pathfinder methods were developed by the recon-pathfinder Marines themselves. Major Bruce Meyers set up a direct liaison with their helicopter counterparts at MCAS El Toro and MCAS Santa Ana of the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing.
The helicopter crew and the Test Unit's recon platoon cross-trained in a series of day-and-night trial and error tests. They used the emergency SE-11 signal lights and the Justrite, a three-colored high-intensity beam used to guide pilots onto aircraft carriers during night landings. The Justrite had a simple visual sight that was intended for aiming either the lower edge, bottom red lens, indicating a too-low descent; the middle green lens, indicating a perfect elevation and/or descend; and the upper, top amber lens, indicating that the pilot must increase his rate of descend so as not to overshoot the landing zone (LZ). If the pilot saw "red", he were to decrease his rate of descend and immediately climb up until he was back into the "green".
In September 1956, Recon Platoon of MCTU #1 tested their pathfinding capabilities, the "first" operational use of Marine pathfinders in the Marine Corps. In preparation for the Air-Ground Landing Exercises (AGLEX) 57-E that was to be scheduled for early 1957, a pathfinder team parachuted into MCB Camp Pendleton from a TF-1 Trader, established visual and radio aids and guided four helicopters to a designated LZ. It was proved satisfactory in utilizing the procedures and techniques worked out between the pathfinder teams, Marine Aircraft Group 36 (MAG-36) and MARS-37.
On 28 March 1957, the pathfinders jumped in Helicopter Landing Exercise IV (HELILEX IV) with 3rd Battalion 1st Marines.
Extraction and recovery methods.
The MCTU #1 reported to the Commandant of the Marine Corps that they had proven and tested its capability in full operational methods of insertion for deeper pre-assault and post-assault parachute reconnaissance. It would supplement the already existing methods of amphibious reconnaissance of areas close proximity of the littoral landing beaches. The Marines now had the capability of carrier-launching recon teams, day or night, for effecting penetration of enemy radar air defenses and postdrop retirement of the carrier aircraft.
Important among the reconnaissance and pathfinder elements were to improve the existing methods of post-reconnaissance evasion and recovery of the reconnaissance and pathfinder teams. It was already logical that if the recon teams were on, or near, the littoral areas of an amphibious operation, they were close enough to be extracted by submarine or seaplane. However, since Marines were going to be penetrating and inserting deeper into enemy territory, it was time to develop practical means in overland evasion techniques to reach the availed recovery that is coherently from the sea.
In September 1956, the first training exercises in evasive methods were in the rugged Laguna Mountains, east of San Diego in a region between MCB Pendleton and El Centro in California. The recon Marines chose the Cuyamaca Reservoir, a large, grassy, dried-up reservoir suitable for a night parachute drop zone and subsequent helicopter landing zone.
The recon platoon was broken down into four-man recon teams and planned three successive jumps from the TF-1 Trader and two night jumps from the F3-D Skyknight jet. A P5M Marlin seaplane was arranged to rendezvous with the teams off the western shore of the Salton Sea at dawn for recovery once they conducted their preliminary pre-D-Day reconnaissance. The recon Marines would traverse by foot due east through the Colorado Desert and Chocolate Mountains to be picked up the seaplane. The recon platoon even made arrangements with the civilian agencies to create maximum realism to their evasion exercises. They notified the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the United States Border Patrol, and the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service, as well as all police agencies working in the area. The local authorities would simulate enemy patrols; the realism added extreme scrutiny to the trials and tests of the recon platoon's training.
These long-range, cross-country evasion exercises were copied and exacted from the Royal Marines; it depicted the similar roles in the British film "The Cockleshell Heroes".
References.
The "New Yorker" 25 April 1959
Letter dated 19 November 1956 to CMC Code AO2 from Captain Jacques A Istel,057676/0302,USMCR
Subject: New technique of reconnaissance 
Army contract to Parachutes Incorporated

</doc>
<doc id="20789782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789782" title="Lee Dong-Myung">
Lee Dong-Myung

Lee Dong-Myung (Hangul: 이동명; born 4 October 1987) is a South Korea footballer who currently plays for Daegu FC in K-League.
He previously played for Busan I'Park, Jeju United, Fagiano Okayama and Oita Trinita.
Lee joined J. League Division 2 side Oita Trinita on loan until 31 January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20789801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789801" title="Gulf Coast League Rays">
Gulf Coast League Rays

The Gulf Coast Rays are a minor league baseball team in Port Charlotte, Florida managed by Paul Hoover. They are a Rookie-level team in the Gulf Coast League that will begin play as an affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays in June 2009. The team will play most of their home games on field five of the Charlotte Sports Park complex, and will also play select games in the stadium. Their roster will compose mostly of international free agents from the Dominican Republic and Venezuela and draft picks from the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft.
The Rays returned to the Gulf Coast League for the first time since the 1998 season, when they were known as the Gulf Coast Devil Rays.

</doc>
<doc id="20789805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789805" title="KWRO">
KWRO

KWRO (630 AM, "Newstalk 630/100.3") is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Coquille, Oregon, USA, the station is currently owned by Bicoastal Media Licenses Iii, LLC and features programming from Fox News Radio, Premiere Radio Networks and Dial Global.
KWRO airs University of Oregon Ducks football, baseball, and men's basketball as a member of the Oregon Sports Network.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KSHR on 1982-01-18. On 1985-01-04, the station changed its call sign to KBEY and on 1987-05-01 returned to the current KWRO.

</doc>
<doc id="20789810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789810" title="Kishan Singh">
Kishan Singh

Lt.Col. Kishen Singh was a former national polo player from India. He was a member of the Indian polo team that won the World Cup in 1954 at Deauville France. He was awarded Arjuna Award in 1963. He is from Jodhpur in Rajasthan. He later converted his residence into a heritage hotel called Polo Heritage, which is currently run by his family. His two sons have also played polo for India.

</doc>
<doc id="20789815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789815" title="Courts of Alaska">
Courts of Alaska

Courts of Alaska include:
<onlyinclude>
Federal courts located in Alaska

</doc>
<doc id="20789816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789816" title="Courts of Arizona">
Courts of Arizona

Courts of Arizona include:
<onlyinclude>
Federal courts located in Arizona

</doc>
<doc id="20789817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789817" title="Courts of Arkansas">
Courts of Arkansas

Courts of Arkansas include:
<onlyinclude>
Federal courts located in Arkansas
Former federal courts of Arkansas

</doc>
<doc id="20789818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789818" title="Courts of California">
Courts of California

Courts of California include:
<onlyinclude>
Federal courts located in California
Former federal courts of California

</doc>
<doc id="20789819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789819" title="Courts of Colorado">
Courts of Colorado

Courts of Colorado include:
<onlyinclude>
Federal courts located in Colorado
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20789820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789820" title="Courts of Connecticut">
Courts of Connecticut

Courts of Connecticut include:
<onlyinclude>
Federal court located in Connecticut:
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20789821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20789821" title="Courts of Delaware">
Courts of Delaware

Courts of Delaware include:
<onlyinclude>
Federal courts located in Delaware
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
